article: Google has vowed to crack down on bloggers who post porn, telling them that their posts will be hidden from view if they don’t clean up their act. People who publish material on the company’s Blogger platform now have just one month to remove any explicit photographs and videos. After March 23, Google will make any offensive accounts ‘private’, effectively making them impossible to view by anyone other than the account holder. Google has announced changes to its Blogger platform banning graphic images from public view . Blogs created after the deadline may also be taken down. Google used to only ban content that was illegal, or had been published without the consent of the people it featured. But it now says explicit photographs will have to be justifiable on ‘artistic, educational, documentary, or scientific grounds’. Google changed its rules following a Daily Mail campaign to get firms to take more responsibility for the content published on their websites. Earlier this month, it emerged that porn actors and publishers are using Twitter to get past family-friendly online filters, putting explicit images within reach of children. Google changed its policy following a campaign by the Daily Mail for it to take more responsibility for content . A study found that 500,000 graphic images and videos are published on the site every day, but Twitter has so far refused to address the problem. Separately, Reddit said in its updated privacy terms Tuesday it would ban 'involuntary pornography' or 'revenge porn' starting March 10. According to the company: 'If you believe that someone has submitted, without your permission, to Reddit a link to a photograph, video, or digital image of you in a state of nudity or engaged in any act of sexual conduct, please contact us... and we will expedite its removal as quickly as possible. Reddit prohibits the posting of such content without consent.' The move comes after Reddit gained notoriety for hosting forums used to post nude pictures hacked from other online accounts in 2014. That included pictures of celebrities including actress Jennifer Lawrence, pop icon Rihanna and top model Kate Upton. 'Last year, we missed a chance to be a leader in social media when it comes to protecting your privacy. 'No matter who you are, if a photograph, video, or digital image of you in a state of nudity, sexual excitement, or engaged in any act of sexual conduct, is posted or linked to on Reddit without your permission, it is prohibited on Reddit.' Reddit was also criticised for allowing users to post pictures of underage girls, before shutting down forums used for that purpose. Reddit three years ago banned child pornography and posting of sexually suggestive material involving minors.
highlights: Explicit blogs will have to be removed from Google by March 23 . Pornographic blogs and videos will no longer be publicly searchable . The change follows a campaign by the Daily Mail to protect children .
id: e0aca6329bf14cc6864bcdb939c06c94a4b06120
chatgpt: Google has announced that it will begin removing explicit blogs and videos from the search engine on March 23rd. The move comes after a campaign by the Daily Mail to protect children from exposure to pornography. The new policy means that pornographic content will no longer be publicly searchable on Google, and explicit blogs will have to be removed by their owners. While the move has been welcomed by child protection groups, it has also raised concerns about censorship and free speech. The Daily Mail launched its campaign in 2015, calling for stricter controls on pornography online. The paper argued that children were being exposed to explicit content as a result of searches on Google. In response, Google introduced a number of measures to restrict access to adult content. These included a "SafeSearch" feature that filters out explicit results, and a "Restricted Mode" for YouTube that hides videos containing adult themes. However, some campaigners felt that these measures did not go far enough. They called for explicit blogs and videos to be removed from search results altogether, arguing that they were still too easy to access. Now, Google has agreed to take action. From March 23rd, pornographic blogs and videos will no longer be publicly searchable on the search engine. This means that users will have to know the web address of a specific site or blog in order to access explicit content. In addition, explicit blogs will have to be removed by their owners. Google has stated that it will be contacting site owners to inform them of the new policy, and that it will begin removing content that violates the policy after March 23rd. The move has been welcomed by child protection groups, who have long been calling for stricter controls on adult content online. However, some free speech campaigners have expressed concern about the new policy. They argue that censorship is not the answer to the problem of pornography online, and that users should have the right to access any content they choose, so long as it is legal. Some have also expressed concern that the new policy could be used to restrict access to other kinds of content, such as political or religious views that some find offensive. Google has responded to these concerns by stating that it is committed to protecting free speech, but that it also has a responsibility to protect children from exposure to harmful content. The company has said that it will continue to work with child protection groups and other stakeholders to find solutions to the problem of pornography online, and to balance the need to protect children with the need to respect free speech and individual choice. Overall, the new policy represents a significant step forward in the fight against pornography online. By removing explicit blogs and videos from search results, Google is making it more difficult for children to access harmful content, and sending a message that the online world should be a safe place for all.