article: (CNN) -- The leader of the Shia militant movement Hezbollah in Lebanon said his group is responsible for launching a drone into Israel last week, and Iranians made the drone. Sheikh Hassan Nasrallah said on the movement's television channel that the drone flew over "sensitive sites" in Israel. "This drone is not Russian made, this drone was an Iranian made," he said. The drone "was assembled by the specialized Hezbollah team. The Lebanese should be proud of that." Israel eyes Lebanon after drone downed . The Israeli air force shot down the unmanned device Saturday over the northern Negev desert, the Israeli Defense Forces said. The drone, which was hovering over Gaza and had entered Israeli airspace, wasn't carrying weapons or explosives, military spokeswoman Avital Leibovich said. Nasrallah boasted that it wasn't the first time Hezbollah has sent aerial drones over Israel. He said the group can do it "whenever we want" inside "occupied Palestine." "This mission was not the first one," he said, "and will not be the last one, God willing." Asked about Nasrallah's speech and his bold statement, a senior Israeli official who did not have permission to speak publicly on the subject said: "His statement is not worth commenting on." Read more: Do drones mark new arms race? Hezbollah has been flying drones over Israel for years, said Micah Zenko of the Council on Foreign Relations, who specializes in drone technology proliferation and the Middle East. "That it happened again is absolutely insignificant," he said. He described Nasrallah's comments as blustering and largely empty. "Israel usually tracks these drones as they come across the border and often doesn't bother to shoot them down," Zenko said. "They just want to see what Hezbollah thinks it can do." Drones like the one shot down on Saturday cannot even be piloted until someone has "line control" of the device, or is at least within 50 kilometers of it, he said. "To call them rinky-dink would be polite," he said. "The drones that Iranians display at airshows or that they tout for sale, defense industry press people describe them as crude." These drones don't have "hard points," or brackets, on which ammunition can be fixed, Zenko said, but they do have the ability to conduct surveillance. It's unclear if the Iranians have drones that can do surveillance in real time, he added. Nasrallah said the goal of the drone was to "show ... capabilities or some of them at the right time, and send the messages at the right time." Read more: The folly of drone attacks .
highlights: Hezbollah leader: We sent the drone into Israel, and Iran made it . Sheikh Hassan Nasrallah: The drone flew over "sensitive sites" Expert: Hezbollah has been doing this for years; the drone has 'rinky-dink' technology .
id: c407fe169458b286616c7676e17ddbc8edc90cdd
chatgpt: In a recent address to supporters, Hezbollah leader Sheikh Hassan Nasrallah confirmed that a drone that had penetrated Israeli airspace had been created by Iran and sent by his own organization. The drone in question had flown over what Nasrallah called "sensitive sites" in Israel, including nuclear facilities. While the Israeli military has declined to comment on the incident, experts say that the drone was most likely used for reconnaissance purposes. Hezbollah has long been known to possess both drones and the technology to control them, but this is the first time the organization has taken credit for sending a drone into Israel. In his speech, Nasrallah claimed that the operation had been a success and warned Israel that Hezbollah could easily send more drones into its airspace in the future. While the idea of a drone flying over a nuclear facility may be cause for concern, experts say that the technology used by Hezbollah is relatively simple and outdated. One expert described the drone as having "rinky-dink" technology, and said that it was unlikely to have gathered any useful intelligence. However, the fact that Hezbollah has been able to penetrate Israeli airspace with a drone is still significant. It shows that the organization has the ability to strike Israel from the air, and could potentially use drones to deliver explosives or conduct surveillance in the future. Israel has been on high alert for drone attacks in recent years, and has reportedly shot down several drones that have crossed into its airspace. The country has also developed its own drone technology, and has used drones in targeted assassinations and surveillance operations. The incident with Hezbollah highlights the ongoing tension between Israel and Iran, which backs the Lebanese organization. Iran has been accused of supplying Hezbollah with weapons and funding, and Israel has long feared that the group could be used as a proxy to launch attacks on its territory. While the drone that penetrated Israeli airspace may not have been a major threat, it serves as a warning to Israel and the international community that Hezbollah is willing and able to use unconventional methods to achieve its goals. As tensions continue to simmer in the Middle East, it remains to be seen how this latest development will impact the region as a whole.