article: (CNN) -- SeaWorld defended itself Sunday from criticism from a family after a dolphin bit their 8-year-old daughter at the Orlando attraction. A video posted online shows the girl standing along the edge of a pool, one of several people feeding dolphins. After she picks up a paper plate that once held the marine mammal's food, a dolphin lunges at her and bites her hand. The dolphin let go after a few seconds, but not before leaving three puncture wounds on the girl's hand. In a statement, SeaWorld spokeswoman Becca Bides said on-site "educators and animal care staff ... immediately connected with the family. In addition, a member of our health services team was in the area at Dolphin Cove and quickly responded and treated the young girl." Yet in an interview with CNN Atlanta affiliate WSB, the family at the center of the November 21 incident faulted the central Florida attraction's staff for not warning them the dolphins might bite and for their response after the girl was injured. "We felt powerless," the girl's father, Jamie Thomas, said in explaining their decision to post a video on YouTube. "We thought, look, we've got this video, let's make it public, and let's try to put some pressure on SeaWorld to make some changes." The 8-year-old, Jillian Thomas, said she "accidentally held" up the paper plate, after which the dolphin "jumped up and ate the carton and bit my hand." "I was thinking it was going to haul me into the water," she said. "And this is a little crazy, but I thought it was ... going to eat my hand off." Jamie Thomas said those feeding the dolphins were told the paper plate should stay on the wall, "but we really didn't know why." No one signed a disclaimer, and there were no signs indicating any risk, the father said. The girl's mother, Amy Thomas, said she was upset about SeaWorld staffers' response. "They did not tell us to look out for any signs of infection," the mother said. "We had to ask for Band-Aids." The Thomas family never contacted SeaWorld after leaving the park, Bides said. She defended the attraction and its protocol, including "specific instructions to not pick up the paper trays at any time." "Our guests are given clear instructions on how to feed the dolphins in an appropriate and safe way," Bides said. "... Unfortunately, there are times when instructions are not followed." Race is on to find Gulf Coast dolphin killers . Video: Dolphin is reunited with its rescuers .
highlights: Video shows a SeaWorld dolphin lunging and biting a girl's hand for a few seconds . Her family faults SeaWorld for insufficient warnings and the response after the girl was bit . A SeaWorld spokeswoman says the 8-year-old girl got immediate treatment . She adds that the girl didn't follow "specific instructions" meant to prevent such incidents .
id: 673f11a8748986f39733d3edcc06fda0e260e314
chatgpt: An incident at SeaWorld has left an 8-year-old girl with minor injuries after a dolphin lunged and bit her hand for a few seconds. The girl's family is blaming SeaWorld for insufficient warnings and poor response after the incident. According to a video that has surfaced on social media, the girl was feeding the dolphin when the animal bit her hand. The video shows the girl screaming and trying to pull her hand away from the dolphin's mouth. The dolphin then let go and swam away. The family claims that SeaWorld did not provide enough warnings about the risks of feeding dolphins and did not respond adequately to the incident. They allege that the park staff did not have proper first aid equipment on hand and that it took too long for medical help to arrive. A spokeswoman for SeaWorld, however, disputes these allegations. She says that the girl received immediate treatment from the park's medical team and that her injuries were minor. The spokesperson also insists that the park had adequate warnings in place and that the incident occurred because the girl did not follow specific instructions meant to prevent such incidents. In a statement, the spokesperson said, "We take guest safety seriously and have safety protocols in place for all of our interactive animal experiences. We do our best to educate our guests about the risks associated with feeding and interacting with animals. Unfortunately, in this case, the guest did not follow our specific instructions." The incident has sparked a debate about the safety of interactive animal experiences at theme parks. While SeaWorld has safety protocols in place, some critics argue that these types of experiences are inherently risky and should be banned altogether. This isn't the first time that SeaWorld has faced controversy over its treatment of animals. In 2013, the park was the subject of the documentary "Blackfish," which examined the conditions in which the park's killer whales were kept and the treatment of the animals. The film led to a public backlash against SeaWorld and a drop in attendance. SeaWorld has since pledged to improve its animal welfare practices and has phased out its killer whale shows. However, incidents like the recent dolphin bite are likely to continue to fuel criticism of the park's animal interactions. For now, SeaWorld says it is investigating the incident to determine if any changes need to be made to its safety protocols. The family has not indicated if they plan to take any legal action against the park.