article: Hong Kong (CNN) -- China has urged U.S. President Barack Obama to call off a meeting at the White House with Tibetan spiritual leader the Dalai Lama that's scheduled to take place Friday. "By arranging a meeting between the President and the Dalai Lama, the U.S. side will grossly interfere in the internal affairs of China, seriously violate norms governing international relations and severely impair China-U.S. relations," Chinese Foreign Ministry Spokeswoman Hua Chunying said in a statement Friday. The White House on Thursday announced the planned meeting between Obama and the Dalai Lama, who lives in exile. Obama has met with the Dalai Lama twice before, in February 2010 and July 2011. China responded to those meetings with similarly angry comments. Beijing accuses the Dalai Lama of being a separatist who foments unrest in Tibet, a region it claims has been part of China since "ancient times." The Dalai Lama, who fled to India in 1959 after a failed uprising, has long denied China's assertion that he's seeking Tibetan independence. He says he wants only enough autonomy to protect its traditional Buddhist culture. The Obama administration says it supports the Dalai Lama's "Middle Way" approach to the political tensions over protests for Tibetan independence. "The United States recognizes Tibet to be a part of the People's Republic of China and we do not support Tibetan independence," said National Security Council spokeswoman Caitlin Hayden. "The United States strongly supports human rights and religious freedom in China." Concerns over human rights . Over the past five years, at least 125 Tibetans have set themselves on fire, most of them fatally, to protest Chinese rule, according to Tibetan advocacy groups. Beijing has taken a tough line on Tibetan self-immolators, their associates and other forms of protest. Tibetans have been convicted of murder in Chinese courts for "inciting" people to set themselves on fire. The frequency of self-immolations declined during 2013, according to the London-based advocacy group Free Tibet. "We are concerned about continuing tensions and the deteriorating human rights situation in Tibetan areas of China," Hayden said. "We will continue to urge the Chinese government to resume dialogue with the Dalai Lama or his representatives, without preconditions, as a means to reduce tensions." China rejects accusations of oppression, saying that under its rule, living standards have greatly improved for the Tibetan people. Beijing has "lodged solemn representations" with the United States over the planned meeting Friday, saying "Tibet-related affairs fall entirely within the internal affairs of China which allow no foreign interference," Hua of the Chinese foreign ministry said. A meeting between British Prime Minister David Cameron and the Dalai Lama last year cast a chill over relations between London and Beijing, delaying a visit to China by Cameron. CNN's Steven Jiang contributed to this report.
highlights: The White House announces the meeting will take place Friday in Washington . Beijing says that by holding it, Washington will " severely impair China-U.S. relations" China accuses the Dalai Lama of being a separatist who foments unrest in Tibet . But he denies he's seeking independence, saying he only want to protect Tibetan culture .
id: 8360942884a59ead84112acc9cadb32d08951eed
chatgpt: The White House has announced that a meeting will take place on Friday in Washington, despite objections from Beijing, which claims that the meeting will severely impair China-U.S. relations. The meeting in question will involve the Dalai Lama, who China accuses of being a separatist and fomenting unrest in Tibet. The Dalai Lama, however, denies seeking independence and claims only to want to protect Tibetan culture. The Dalai Lama is a revered figure in Tibet and around the world, known for his advocacy for peace, nonviolence, and human rights. However, China sees the Dalai Lama as a threat to its sovereignty and accuses him of advocating for Tibetan independence. China has also accused the Dalai Lama of fomenting unrest in Tibet, where there have been occasional outbreaks of violence and protests. The meeting between the Dalai Lama and U.S. officials is likely to further strain U.S.-China relations, which have already been strained by trade tensions, territorial disputes in the South China Sea, and other issues. Beijing has warned that any meeting with the Dalai Lama would be seen as a provocation, and has called on the U.S. to cancel the meeting. However, the U.S. has insisted that it has the right to meet with whoever it chooses, and has defended the Dalai Lama's right to religious and cultural freedom. The White House has also described the meeting as private and informal, rather than an official state visit. The Dalai Lama, for his part, has sought to downplay the controversy surrounding the meeting, saying that he will be in Washington to promote compassion and ethical leadership, and that he has no political agenda. He has also expressed his support for the continued peaceful coexistence of the Chinese and Tibetan peoples, and has urged the Chinese government to respect the human rights of the Tibetan people. The Dalai Lama's stance on Tibet has long been a point of contention between China and the U.S. While the U.S. officially regards Tibet as an autonomous region, China sees it as an integral part of its territory. China has also been accused of human rights abuses in Tibet, including restrictions on freedom of speech, religion, and movement, and the suppression of Tibetan culture. The meeting between the Dalai Lama and U.S. officials is likely to raise tensions between China and the U.S. even further, and could result in further retaliation from China, such as economic sanctions or diplomatic measures. However, the U.S. has maintained that it will not be deterred from speaking out on issues of human rights and democracy, and will continue to engage with international partners to promote the values of freedom, democracy, and human rights. The meeting with the Dalai Lama comes at a critical time in U.S.-China relations, as tensions continue to escalate over a range of issues. While the U.S. says it is committed to dialogue and engagement with China, it remains committed to promoting human rights and democratic values around the world. How China responds to this meeting remains to be seen, but it is likely that tensions will continue to rise between these two global superpowers.