article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 12:09 EST, 14 August 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 12:33 EST, 14 August 2013 . Joseph Messina (pictured) was given 30 month probation for attack on Eric Bartels that left him paralyzed . A man who left a father paralyzed and blind after attacking him outside a bar walked free from court, yesterday. Father-of-one Eric Bartels is now unable to speak after the 'unprovoked' attack by Joseph Messina, 25, in Mokena, Illinois, in 2009. Despite his severe injuries, Messina escaped an immediate jail sentence and was given just 30 months of probation and ordered to undertake 250 hours of community service, by Will County Judge Sarah Jones. State attorney James Glasgow said he believed there was enough evidence to justify a prison sentence. He told the Chicago Tribune: 'The injuries to Eric Bartels are a hair's breadth from murder. 'This isn't a broken nose. The seriousness of the offense can be taken into account in determining the appropriate punishment.' Judge Jones told the court that her decision was based on the law and not emotion. Messina served 59 days in the county jail. During Messina's trial at the beginning of the year, it was said that Messina threw the first punch after Bartels allegedly make a remark about a bloodstain on his shirt. Prosecutor said Messina punched Bartels to the ground and then hit him once more. It was said in court that Messina then held his hands in the air while straddling Bartels, according to the Chicago Tribune. Mr Bartels was punched to the ground after allegedly making a remark to Messina in a Mokena (pictured) bar . Messina was found guilty of aggravated battery in January. Judge Jones ordered Messina to pay $630 a month during the probation period to Jan Bartels, the victim's mother, to help pay for medical costs. The $20,000 bond put up by Messina's family will also be paid to the victim. According to the Chicago Tribune, Messina faces 180-days in county jail if he drinks alcohol while on probation.
highlights: Joseph Messina given 30 months probation for punching Eric Bartels . Bartels left in wheelchair and unable to speak after being punched to ground . Family attorney said 'hair breadth' from being murder case .
id: ff36e1bf808bacd1c5c7cf412e93b558810740e8
chatgpt: Joseph Messina has been handed a 30-month probation sentence for punching Eric Bartels in a violent altercation that left Bartels unable to speak and confined to a wheelchair. The incident took place in December of last year, after Messina allegedly approached Bartels and punched him in the head without provocation, causing him to fall to the ground and sustain a severe head injury. The prosecution argued that Messina had intended to harm Bartels, and that he should have been charged with attempted murder. However, the defense claimed that it was a case of self-defense, as Bartels had allegedly threatened Messina prior to the altercation. Following the trial, the family of Eric Bartels expressed their disappointment with the verdict. "We were hoping for a harsher punishment," said their attorney. "This was a hair’s breadth away from being a murder case. Eric will never be the same again, and we feel that justice has not been served." Supporters of Messina argue that he has been unfairly vilified in the media, and that he was acting in self-defense when he punched Bartels. Despite these claims, the judge chose to hand down a sentence of probation, rather than the harsher sentence of incarceration that the prosecution was seeking. The case has sparked intense debate about the role of self-defense in violent altercations. Some argue that self-defense should always be considered a valid justification for violence, while others believe that the use of force must always be proportionate to the threat faced. As for Eric Bartels, his future remains uncertain. With his ability to speak and walk compromised, he will require long-term medical care and support from his family and community. The case serves as a reminder of the violent consequences that can arise from even seemingly minor disputes, and the importance of resolving conflicts in a peaceful and non-violent manner.