article: (CNN) -- Acting Veterans Affairs Secretary Sloan Gibson, visiting the Phoenix VA facility where a report found 1,700 veterans were left off waiting lists, said Thursday that changes there signal the beginning of needed reforms. The VA has contacted the veterans cited in an internal report and has begun to schedule appointments, Gibson said. "Getting this right is our top priority, and taking care of the veterans here in Phoenix is a good place to start," he said. The Veterans Affairs scandal has mushroomed since CNN first reported last November on allegations of alarming shortcomings within the VA medical care system that potentially had deadly consequences in dozens of cases. The most disturbing and striking problems emerged in Arizona last month, with sources revealing to CNN details of a secret waiting list for treatment. According to the sources, at least 40 veterans died while waiting for care at the Phoenix medical center. The VA has acknowledged 23 deaths nationwide due to delayed care. Gibson said the results of a nationwide audit and numbers from patient wait data will be released on Monday and will show how systemic problems are at the agency. The VA is looking to contract with non-VA medical-care providers in the Phoenix area to assist with primary care, he said, and is sending three mobile units. Gibson said that the VA will hire temporary workers to ensure veterans get the care they deserve. He also announced the department has suspended bonuses for senior executives for the financial year. "Additionally, we will remove the 14-day scheduling goal from employee performance contracts to eliminate any incentives to engage in inappropriate behavior," he said. In some cases, wait times were manipulated to meet employee performance goals needed for bonuses, two VA reports revealed. Gibson replaced Eric Shinseki, who resigned last week. Were bonuses tied to VA wait times? Here's what we know . The announced changes come the same day Senate negotiators reached a deal -- which will have to be approved by the full Senate -- on a bill that would approve the building of new VA facilities, bring about the hiring of more doctors and nurses and allow veterans in rural areas to go to non-VA doctors. It should go to the Senate floor next week, according to aides. Senate reaches deal on VA bill .
highlights: VA is contacting 1,700 veterans in Phoenix to schedule appointments . Bonuses for senior executives are suspended . Results of an audit will be released on Monday . VA will hire temporary employees to help veterans move through the system .
id: 2c85bcf8041d61acdd622adc5de1469ae54e7c87
chatgpt: The Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) is working to address concerns regarding long wait times experienced by veterans seeking medical care in Phoenix, Arizona. To this end, the agency is scheduled to reach out to around 1,700 veterans to schedule appointments. These efforts are part of the VA's ongoing attempts to improve wait times, which have been a persistent issue for the agency. In the past, allegations of veterans being left languishing in the VA's medical system have been leveled against the agency. In what appears to be a move to hold leadership accountable, bonuses for senior executives within the VA have been suspended. The move suggests that performance or results may have been lacking in the past, and executive compensation is being tied to positive outcomes moving forward. The VA is also looking to add more resources, in terms of staff, to improve wait times by hiring temporary employees. This effort supports the VA's priority in prioritizing veteran care. Meanwhile, the agency is set to release the results of an audit on Monday, which should provide insight into the situation in Phoenix specifically, as well as the VA's broader response to veterans' health care needs. The audit is part of a broader VA review ordered by President Joe Biden in the hope of quantifying the issue and measuring results. The VA has been working to reduce wait times for many years, and while changes have been made, the problem still persists. This is why there has been increased activity around it, including the audit and the decision to hire temporary employees to help veterans move through the system.  Organizations dedicated to supporting veterans, including the American Legion, have welcomed these moves, albeit with some concern. Some fear that the VA's actions are only a temporary fix, and more may need to be done to provide lasting solutions to the challenges that have beset the VA for years. However, the VA's determination to resolve these issues and provide better health care to veterans, as demonstrated by these recent moves, suggests there is hope for improvement. The release of the upcoming VA audit may provide further insight into the agency's ongoing efforts to address veteran health care concerns.