article: By . Louise Boyle . PUBLISHED: . 11:44 EST, 7 March 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 15:20 EST, 7 March 2014 . A mother and her three-year-old daughter were found dead on Wednesday in apparent murder-suicide at their home. Jamie Nicole Helms, 39, and her daughter Blair were found in a car with the engine running around 4.30pm by the children's father who smashed his way inside in Jenks, Oklahoma. Father Steve Helms, a firefighter, tried to revive his daughter. He also found his five-year-old son Cason in the garage and rushed him to hospital where his condition is unknown. Scroll down for video . Jamie Helms, 39, was found dead with her daughter Blair (right) in an apparent murder suicide at their Oklahoma home. Cason, five, (left) survived after being pulled from the garage by his father . Three-year-old Blair Helms was found dead in a car with the engine running by her father at the familys home in Jenks, Oklahoma . The father had gone to the home when he went to pick up his children from school and realized that they were not there. Jenks police chief Cameron Arthur told Tulsaworld: 'He tried to revive (his daughter) but was unfortunately unsuccessful.' Police . found handwritten notes at the scene and were believed to have been . written by Helms. Their contents were not disclosed but Chief Arthur . said they were from somebody 'that really felt helpless'. Ms Helms moved into the neighborhood of Sapulpa in November, according to witnesses at the scene. Cause . of death for the mother and daughter have not yet been confirmed by the . medical examiner but indications are for carbon monoxide poisoning. The police chief said that the father and son were being interviewed at  Saint Francis Hospital in Tulsa. Firefighter Steven Helms with his two children Blair and Cason. The little girl died along with her mother in an apparent murder-suicide on Wednesday . A mother and her three-year-old daughter were found dead in the garage of this home in Jenks, Oklahoma on Wednesday in an apparent murder-suicide. The father rescued a five-year-old boy . Jamie Nicole Helms filed for a divorce from Steven Helms on December 4 last year and the couple were due in court next week on March 11. Mrs . Helms was charged with domestic assault in November after she allegedly . attacked and scratched her husband as he drove away from their home. The incident was caught on surveillance tape and happened in front of . their children. She pleaded not guilty to the charge and was due to face trial in June.
highlights: Jamie Nicole Helms, 39, and Blair, 3, were found in a car with the engine running by . the children's father in Jenks, Oklahoma . Five-year-old boy Cason being treated at Saint Francis Hospital in Tulsa . Mother and daughter died of suspected carbon monoxide poisoning . Mother filed for divorce in December and the couple were due in court next week . For confidential help, call the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline at 1-800-273-8255 or visit www.suicidepreventionlifeline.org . For confidential support on suicide matters call the Samaritans on 08457 90 90 90 or visit a local Samaritans branch or click here .
id: e7bd12d32679249518f032e4b4bb319146dd9bc7
chatgpt: Tragedy struck the small town of Jenks, Oklahoma when a mother and her young daughter passed away due to suspected carbon monoxide poisoning. Jamie Nicole Helms, 39, and her 3-year-old daughter Blair were found by their children's father in a car with the engine running. The news has shaken the community and left many wondering how such a horrific event could occur. Reports indicate that the couple was due in court next week, as the mother had filed for divorce in December. The father, whose name has not been released, made the devastating discovery and immediately called for help. However, it was too late for Jamie and Blair. The couple's 5-year-old son Cason is currently being treated at Saint Francis Hospital in Tulsa. His condition is still unknown at this time, but the community is rallying around the family and sending their thoughts and prayers for his recovery. According to experts, carbon monoxide poisoning is not an uncommon occurrence, and it can happen in many different ways. Symptoms can range from mild headaches and dizziness to more severe symptoms such as confusion, seizures, and loss of consciousness. It is important to take precautions to prevent exposure to carbon monoxide, such as installing carbon monoxide detectors in your home and ensuring that all fuel-burning appliances are properly installed and maintained. If you or someone you know is struggling with thoughts of suicide, help is available. The National Suicide Prevention Lifeline is available 24/7 at 1-800-273-8255, and resources can also be found on their website, www.suicidepreventionlifeline.org. The Samaritans offer support and confidential help for those dealing with suicide matters, and they can be reached at 08457 90 90 90 or through a local Samaritans branch. As the community of Jenks mourns the loss of Jamie and Blair, they are coming together to offer their support and love for the family left behind. The circumstances surrounding their passing are still under investigation, but the tragic loss serves as a reminder of the importance of seeking help in times of crisis and the value of life itself.