article: While Apple and Google fans coo over the latest high-end smartphones, rival Alcatel is focussing its attention on the opposite end of the market by launching the world’s cheapest handset. The Alcatel 1010 costs just £5 and comes with a built-in MP3 player, 3MB of memory and a wireless FM radio. Customers are also not obliged to top up a minimum amount of credit when they buy the phone, as is the case with other budget devices. The Alcatel 1010, pictured, is on sale at Asda on T-Mobile for just £5 without a minimum top-up. It can make and receive calls and texts, comes with a built-in MP3 player, 3MB of memory and a wireless FM radio . The phone weighs 59g and comes in Black, Deep Red or Fascinating Red, pictured . However, the handset is not designed for tech-savvy customers and is classed as a 'feature' phone, as opposed to a smartphone. It doesn’t have social networking applications or games, for example, and only makes and receives calls and text messages. Customers will be able to buy the phone from Asda and it is only available on the T-Mobile network as part of the deal. The phone weighs 59g - half the weight of Apple’s latest iPhone 5S - and comes in Black, Deep Red or Fascinating Red, which is more like maroon. Earlier this year PrePayMania.co.uk . was selling the Alactel One Touch 232 for just £1, but it had to be . bought with £10 worth of credit. Claire McAuley mobile phone buyer at Asda said: ‘Purse strings are stretched ahead of the festive season. Earlier this year PrePayMania.co.uk was selling the Alactel One Touch 232, pictured, for just £1, but it had to be bought with £10 worth of credit. The phone features a torch, games, an alarm clock, a calculator, a calendar and can be used hands-free . Size: 106 x 46 x 13 mm . Weight: 59g . Screen:1.45" 128 x 128 pixels . Display: TN 65K color display . Colours: Black, Deep Red and Fascinating Red . Other features: Built-in MP3 player, 3MB of memory and a wireless FM radio . ‘A quarter of mums are budgeting more than ever and our customers are always looking for new ways to save money. ‘We've launched the lowest priced . phone as a solution to keeping in touch at the lowest cost possible this . Christmas and are expecting shoppers of all ages to snap them off the . shelves.’ There has been a surge in companies offering ‘cheap’ and ‘cut-price’ gadgets recently in the run up to Christmas. Last . month Tesco launched its 7-inch Hudl Android tablet worth £119 - yet . with Clubcard vouchers, customers could buy the device for as little as . £40.
highlights: Alcatel's 1010 phone costs just £5 from Asda on the T-Mobile network . It can make and receive calls and texts but cannot use apps . Customers do not need to top up a minimum of credit to buy the handset . It is available in black or red and is half the weight of Apple's iPhone 5S .
id: 662738db62287d5e84d58e369ead0242829b83bd
chatgpt: The latest affordable phone on the market, Alcatel's 1010, is now available in UK supermarkets. The device is being sold at Asda stores and costs merely £5. It runs on the T-Mobile network and performs basic functions such as making calls and texts. However, it does not come with the access to download and use apps. This phone is targeted towards those who are in need of a low-cost device, perhaps for a second phone or for those who cannot afford high-end phones.  The Alcatel 1010 is a basic phone that does not require any credit top-up to purchase. This means that customers are not required to commit to any costs. Instead, they have the freedom to use whatever monetary sum they wish to add to their device. There are no requirements or commitments to sign up for any specific plans.  This basic phone is available in two colours: black and red. It also weighs half the amount of an Apple iPhone 5S. Though it lacks the features of modern smartphones, it is being marketed as an accessible phone for all to use. The Alcatel 1010 has a basic camera feature as well, which is located on the back of the device.  Customers looking for an affordable phone will find this a practical option. It is a device that can be used for basic communication methods without an expensive price tag. It is also designed for those who want a lightweight device. The retail price is on par with a few cups of coffee or any other small purchase.  The Alcatel 1010 is a vital mobile device for Britain as it allows more people access to mobile communication. Many people in the UK cannot afford the most high-end devices on the market. This phone is one of the cheapest available to them. In addition, the Alcatel 1010 may serve as a second phone or for those who are prone to breaking their mobile device.  For those who are in need of a phone and do not wish to commit to any long-term deals, the Alcatel 1010 makes for a fine option. The device is not equipped with modern features people have come to expect from current smartphones, but it is simple and gets the job done. Small children, the elderly, or people who do not require a lot of features from their phone may find this affordable phone a convenient choice.  Suppose someone is looking for a device to use just in case of emergencies or if travelling abroad, the Alcatel 1010 would be an excellent device to purchase. With the cost of using mobile devices abroad being in the hundreds of pounds, this cheap phone can come in handy to keep connected to friends and family. This can also save the cost of using an expensive smartphone for overseas communication.  Overall, the Alcatel 1010 is a basic mobile device that serves its intended purpose. It comes with affordable pricing and a simple design that makes it attractive for those looking for an inexpensive phone. It is available at most Asda stores on the T-Mobile network.