article: (CNN) -- In a soft voice, teenager Austin Sigg confessed in gruesome detail how he snatched a 10-year-old girl from his Colorado neighborhood and dismembered her. But what Sigg could not explain to police detectives is why. "It was a random place, a random time. Random everything," Sigg told officers in interrogation video released this week. "I was just driving and just kind of looking. And I saw her ... found the place to park. And I parked, and I waited. And she walked by, and I grabbed her." Sigg is going to have a lot of time to think about it. He was sentenced to life in prison last week. The tapes released this week by the Jefferson County District Attorney give a chilling look into Sigg's thoughts. Sigg was 17 when he grabbed Jessica Ridgeway off the street in October 2012. I told her everything would be OK . Sigg told police during the interrogation that he got her into his car. He tied her hands and legs together and drove around for 20 minutes as she frantically screamed and asked him questions. "I would lie to her," Sigg said. "I would tell her everything was going to be OK. I would just lie to her." He took the bespectacled, blond girl back to his house. What happened there may have been very graphic. Parts of the interrogation tape were redacted by authorities. Sigg made girls in the area uneasy . Eligible for parole . Sigg will be eligible for parole after 40 years for the murder. But a judge sentenced him to close to 100 additional years for the other charges against him. Along with Ridgeway's murder, Sigg also confessed to the attack and attempted kidnapping on a jogger that occurred earlier in the year. Using all those charges against Sigg, the judge said he expects Sigg to be confined to a cell for the rest of his natural life. Turned in by his mother . Jessica Ridgeway was missing for five days and authorities were searching everywhere in October 2012. The break in the case came after Sigg told his mother what he had done. His mother, police said, called 911 and handed the phone to her son. During the trial, Ridgeway's family members were in court wearing the little girl's favorite color, purple. "This monster took away from me the light of my life," said Christine Ridgeway, Jessica's grandmother. "It shattered the core of my family."
highlights: Austin Sigg confessed to killing, dismembering 10-year-old girl . He was 17 at the time . He was sentenced to life in prison last week .
id: dae81639b5fd1475aa337e675ccc19f822b7cb9c
chatgpt: Austin Sigg's heinous crime of killing and dismembering a 10-year-old girl shocked the nation back in 2012. Sigg was just 17 years old at the time of the crime, but his age did not stop him from committing a monstrous deed that shook the community to its core. Last week, after years of legal proceedings, Sigg was finally sentenced to life in prison for his gruesome act. In October 2012, 10-year-old Jessica Ridgeway disappeared on her way to school in Westminster, Colorado. Hundreds of volunteers joined the search for the young girl, who was known to be a bubbly and outgoing child. However, the search came to a devastating end when her dismembered remains were found in a park just a few miles away from her home. Sigg's confession to the horrific crime came as a shock to many, especially given his young age at the time of the murder. He was charged with the kidnapping and murder of Jessica, along with the attempted kidnapping of a female jogger in a nearby park just months before. Despite attempts to plead guilty to lesser charges, Sigg eventually admitted to the abduction and murder of Jessica. He also revealed that he had dismembered her body before burying it in the park. The teenage killer expressed remorse for his actions, claiming that he could not control his urges to commit such atrocious acts. The sentencing of Sigg last week brought some relief to the Ridgeway family, who have been suffering since the loss of their beloved daughter. However, the pain and trauma of the event will forever linger on the family's hearts and minds. The life sentence is fitting for such a heinous crime, and many are satisfied that justice has finally been served. However, questions remain about the psychological state of Sigg and the failure of the system to prevent such a tragedy from occurring. Despite these unanswered questions, the sentence serves as a reminder of the horrific consequences of violent crimes, especially those committed against the most vulnerable members of society. Hopefully, this tragic case will encourage lawmakers and society to take a more proactive stance against crimes committed against children, and prevent similar tragedies from happening in the future.