article: (CNN) -- La Liga leaders Barcelona returned to winning ways with a 3-0 home victory over Racing Santander on Saturday, extending their advantage over second-placed rivals Real Madrid to seven points. After an impressive unbeaten run in all competitions, Barcelona suffered their first defeat in 28 games midweek, losing 3-1 to Spanish second division side Real Betis in the second leg of their Copa del Rey clash, but going through 6-3 on aggregate. But it had been 28 years since Racing Santander had won a league game at the Camp Nou and having also lost seven of their last 10 away league matches, never looked likely to get the better of the reigning Spanish champions. Pep Guardiola's team was missing Brazil right back Daniel Alves as well as Jeffren Suarez of Spain -- who has been sidelined for five weeks with muscle tear in his left thigh -- but the absence of the two players did not hamper the Catalan giants. Which football league is the world's best? Spain forward Pedro put Barca ahead after just three minutes after a cross from international teammate David Villa. Argentina forward Lionel Messi made it 2-0 after 30 minutes easily putting a penalty past Racing goalkeeper Toño, awarded for a foul by Henrique on Villa. It was the brilliant Messi's 19th league goal of the season. Ten minutes after play resumed following half-time, Andres Iniesta got his name on the scorecard with Messi, Villa and Pedro combining to get the ball to the Spain midfielder, who duly made it 3-0. Barca's emphatic victory was reminiscent of their 3-0  away win over Racing in the opening game of the 2010/11 season. Unable to exact revenge, the Cantabrians are left just four points above the relegation zone. Real Madrid will be hoping to close the gap on Barcelona when they host Real  Mallorca on Sunday. Elsewhere in La Liga, Valencia moved above Villarreal into third with a last minute winner from Aritz Aduriz clinching a thrilling 4-3 win over nine-man Malaga. Malaga had Argentine defender Martin Demichelis sent off on 16 minutes for conceding a penalty, which Juan Mata converted, and central defender Helder Rosario red-carded in the 65th minute for dissent. Former Real Madrid star Julio Baptista, signed from Roma in the January transfer window, drew Malaga level at 3-3 with his first goal for the club on 79 minutes, but Aduriz struck in stoppage time to secure a vital three points. Sevilla moved to joint seventh place thanks to a 4-1 win over Levante. Brazil forward Louis Fabiano scored a hat-trick for the southern Spanish side, with French midfielder Julien Escude also finding the back of the net. Spaniard Xisco Munoz scored a consolation goal for Levante, but the Valencia-based team are now second from bottom of the table.
highlights: Barcelona defeat Racing Santander 2-0 to extend lead at top of La Liga . Goals from Pedro, Lionel Messi and Andres Iniesta secure victory for the home side . Barca seven points clear of rivals Real Madrid who play Mallorca on Sunday . In Saturday's other matches Sevilla beat Levante 4-1 and Valencia see Malaga 4-3 .
id: a8ffb900a74e051e24db18b8fab92da998d120cd
chatgpt: Barcelona continued their charge towards the title as they secured a comfortable 2-0 victory over Racing Santander in La Liga on Saturday. Goals from Pedro, Lionel Messi and Andres Iniesta were enough for the Catalan giants to extend their lead at the top of the table. It was a routine win for Barca, who controlled possession from the outset and made sure of the win with two goals inside the opening half-hour. Pedro opened the scoring in the 18th minute, slotting the ball past the Racing Santander keeper after being set up by Xavi. Messi added the second just 11 minutes later, firing home from the edge of the box after a fine pass from Iniesta. The home side continued to dominate proceedings in the second half, with Iniesta adding a third goal in the 72nd minute. The Spanish international midfielder finished off a slick passing move by coolly slotting the ball into the bottom corner of the net. Racing Santander offered little in response, and Barca were able to control the game comfortably until the final whistle. The win means Barcelona are now seven points clear at the top of the table with just seven games remaining. Rivals Real Madrid, who are in second place, play Mallorca on Sunday, but a victory for Barca means they will be difficult to catch. The Catalan giants have now won their last five games in a row and are in excellent form heading into the final stages of the season. In Saturday's other matches, Sevilla beat Levante 4-1 to keep the pressure on the teams above them, while Valencia secured a thrilling 4-3 victory over Malaga. The result leaves Valencia in fifth place, just three points behind fourth-placed Sevilla in the battle for Champions League qualification. The match was a thrilling encounter that saw both sides trade blows throughout. Malaga took an early lead through Isco, but Valencia responded quickly with goals from Jonas and Jordi Alba. The visitors equalised through a Rondon penalty just before half-time, but Valencia retook the lead just two minutes into the second half with another goal from Jonas. Malaga refused to give up, and they equalised again through a superb goal from Santi Cazorla. However, Valencia had the final say as Pablo Piatti scored the winner with just two minutes remaining. The result is a huge boost for Valencia's hopes of securing Champions League football, and they will look to build on their excellent form in their next game against Espanyol. Overall, it was a fantastic day of football in La Liga, with some excellent goals and thrilling encounters on display. Barcelona's victory will be a huge blow for Real Madrid, who will now have to be at their very best to catch the Catalan giants. Meanwhile, Valencia will be delighted with their win over Malaga, which keeps them firmly in the hunt for a top-four finish.