article: One of 200 schoolgirls abducted by Islamist Boko Haram rebels in the northeastern Nigerian village of Chibok was freed this week, police and a parent of some of the other missing girls said on Thursday. Boko Haram militants took the girls from a secondary school in the village near the Cameroon border in April. The case of the abducted school girls drew global attention, magnified by a #BringBackOurGirls Twitter campaign that drew in celebrities including Michelle Obama and Angelina Jolie. Scroll down for video . Boko Haram militants took the girls from a secondary school in the village near the Cameroon border in April and released this video of them shortly afterwards . This is a still from a video released by Boko Haram showing a man claiming to be Abubakar Shekau, the leader of the group. Nigeria's military on Wednesday claimed for the first time that he was dead, as it said troops had killed a lookalike who had been posing as the militant commander . Nigerian President Goodluck Jonathan told the United Nations General Assembly on Wednesday that authorities were still working to free the girls. Jonathan has been criticized at home and abroad for his slow response to the kidnapping in the rural northeast and for his inability to quell the violence by the Islamist militant group, whose name means 'Western education is forbidden.' 'Although it has been over three months since they were abducted, we have never relented in our efforts to set them safely free,' Jonathan told the 193-member world body. 'Together with our partners, we are working assiduously to free our daughters and reunite them with their families,' he said. 'We shall not waiver until we end this mindless war on the innocent and bring all the perpetrators to justice.' A year-old intensive military operation against Boko Haram has so far failed to crush the rebels, whose struggle for an Islamic state in largely Muslim northern Nigeria has killed thousands since it was launched in 2009. However, Nigeria's military on Wednesday claimed for the first time that Abubakar Shekau, the leader of Boko Haram, was dead, as it said troops had killed a lookalike who had been posing as the militant commander. Women protest against the release of the girls kidnapped by Boko Haram fighters. The case of the abducted school girls drew global attention, magnified by a #BringBackOurGirls Twitter campaign .
highlights: One of the Nigerian schoolgirls abducted by Islamist Boko Haram was freed . Militants took the girls from a secondary school in the village of Chibok . The case was magnified by a #BringBackOurGirls Twitter campaign .
id: 5203ee01c9d16a6202bbebcdb348d56cb3e3b395
chatgpt: In a major development, one of the abducted Nigerian schoolgirls was set free by the Islamist terror group Boko Haram. The girl was among the 276 students who were taken from a secondary school in the village of Chibok in northeastern Nigeria in April 2014. The brutal incident sparked global outrage and a social media campaign with the hashtag #BringBackOurGirls. According to local media reports, the girl was released after negotiations between the Nigerian government and Boko Haram. The details about her release remain unclear, but officials said that no ransom was paid. It is not yet known if other girls who are still in captivity will also be released. Abductions and attacks by Boko Haram have been a major challenge for Nigeria's security forces, causing huge casualties and displacement of people. The group has been waging a violent insurgency in the northeastern region of the country for over a decade, seeking to establish an Islamic caliphate. The abduction of the Chibok girls, which took place in the dead of night, was one of the group's most infamous acts, highlighting the vulnerability and insecurity of schools and communities in the region. The girls, aged between 16 and 18 years, were forcibly taken away in trucks and were reportedly subjected to sexual slavery, forced marriages, and other forms of abuse. The Nigerian government, with the help of international partners, launched military campaigns to rescue the girls and curb Boko Haram's activities in the region. Though some girls were reported to have escaped or been rescued, over 100 of them are still believed to be in the custody of the terror group. The release of one of the girls is expected to provide a glimmer of hope to the families and supporters of the remaining captives, who have been campaigning tirelessly for their safe return. The news spread quickly on social media, with many expressing joy and relief at the development. The Nigerian authorities have not commented on the identity of the girl who was released, but it is hoped that she will be reunited with her family soon. However, questions remain about the fate of the other captives and the security situation in the region. The Boko Haram insurgency continues to pose a grave threat to Nigeria's stability and the wider region. The government has been criticized for its handling of the crisis, with allegations of corruption, human rights violations, and ineffectiveness. The release of the Chibok girl is a positive development, but much more needs to be done to address the root causes of the conflict and ensure the safety and well-being of all those affected by it.