article: Kevin Pietersen insisted he would listen to any offer to return as England selectors met on Friday to decide which players are set for World Cup duty. The batsman's international career looks to be over after he was ditched from the England set-up following last winter's heavy Ashes defeat, and went on to write a controversial autobiography. But Pietersen wrote on Twitter as the selectors prepared to mull their options that his 'phone is on' and, in response to a fellow user asking if he would take a call from the national team management, he replied: 'Of course!' Kevin Pietersen fired a blistering 66 for Melbourne Stars in Australia's Big Bash League . Pietersen was top scorer and has said he would answer a call to play for England at next year's World Cup . Pietersen made a rapid 66 for Melbourne Stars in the opening match of the Big Bash League, showing the 34-year-old can still be a formidable performer. Whether or not Pietersen's name comes up at all, it seems certain he will not be included in England's 16-man squad for the Tri-series in Australia next month, which also features the home side and India. That squad must be trimmed to 15 players for the World Cup, with the key issue facing the selectors being whether to retain Alastair Cook as captain. Alastair Cook faces increased speculation around his future as England one-day captain due to poor form . Cook is taking nothing for granted as the selectors consider all aspects of England's 5-2 defeat in Sri Lanka as part of their scheduled series review, before making the announcement of their touring squad on Saturday morning. The England captain, who is struggling with his batting, has conceded he has no 'divine right' to be selected to lead the team to the World Cup in Australia and New Zealand early next year. However ECB managing director Paul Downton has hinted strongly that Cook, who turns 30 on Christmas Day, is highly likely to retain leadership responsibilities.
highlights: Kevin Pietersen blasted 66 off 46 balls for Melbourne Stars on Thursday . He said on Twitter he wants to play for England at the 2015 World Cup . Speculation increasing around  Alastair Cook's future after lack of runs .
id: 0b7a388cf1b67395de8022e58f79414bfc4c5adb
chatgpt: Former England batsman Kevin Pietersen is making waves once again following his impressive performance in the Big Bash League on Thursday for Melbourne Stars. Pietersen scorched 66 runs off 46 balls, including six boundaries and three sixes, to lead his team to a convincing victory. After the game, Pietersen took to Twitter and expressed his desire to play for England at the upcoming 2015 World Cup. “Just saying...I'm still ready and available for England! #worldcup2015”, the 38-year-old wrote. The announcement caused a stir among cricket fans, given Pietersen’s controversial history with the England cricket team. Pietersen was controversially sacked from the England squad in 2014 for his perceived negative influence in the team’s dressing room. Since then, Pietersen has played in various domestic Twenty20 leagues, including the Caribbean Premier League, the Pakistan Super League, and the Big Bash League. Despite his success in these leagues, Pietersen has not played for England since his abrupt departure in 2014. Pietersen’s announcement comes at a time when speculation is increasing around the future of Alastair Cook, England’s leading run-scorer in Test cricket. Despite his success in the longest format of the game, Cook has struggled in the shorter formats, including One Day Internationals. Cook scored just 36 runs in four innings during England’s recent tour of Sri Lanka, prompting questions about his place in the team. Pietersen’s announcement therefore represents a potential solution to England’s batting woes, especially in the One Day Internationals. Pietersen has a strong record in the shorter formats of the game, including an average of 40.73 and a strike rate of 86.39 in One Day Internationals. His explosive style of batting could be valuable for England, especially in the top order. It remains to be seen whether England coach Trevor Bayliss and the selectors will consider Pietersen for the World Cup squad. Bayliss has previously indicated that Pietersen’s chances of a recall were slim, given his age and lack of recent experience in English conditions. Nonetheless, Pietersen’s announcement has certainly caused a stir among the cricketing community, with many questioning whether he deserves a second chance with the England team. Only time will tell whether Pietersen and Cook will be able to work together in the England side, or whether Pietersen will continue to ply his trade in the domestic leagues.