article: Nicolas Sarkozy has placed the scrapping of France’s gay marriage laws at the centre of his bid to be re-elected as the country’s President. In hugely controversial comments made on Saturday, the 59-year-old politician confirmed he would ‘repeal’ Socialist legislation allowing same-sex unions. This is despite Mr Sarkozy’s third wife, the former model and pop singer Carla Bruni, being a huge supporter of homosexuals marrying and adopting children. Nicolas Sarkozy speaking at the the 'Sens Commun' meeting in Paris on Saturday said that he would scrap France's gay marriage laws as part of his bid to be re-elected as the country's President . Mr Sarkozy was pressed on the issue during a debate in Paris between the three candidates hoping to lead the conservative UMP party into the 2017 presidential election. He said the May 2013 law which legalised gay adoption ‘should be written from the ground up’. The predominantly right-wing audience chanted ‘Repeal! Repeal!’, and Mr Sarkozy said: ‘If you prefer that I say repeal the law, it comes down to the same thing.’ Mr Sarkozy did nothing for homosexuals who wanted to marry during his single term as President between 2007 and 2012. The vast majority of French people are at least nominally Catholic, and there has been huge opposition to President Francois Hollande’s liberal social policies. However, an Ifop poll published on Saturday showed 68 per cent of the French were in favour of same-sex unions. The 59-year-old former president confirmed he would ‘repeal’ Socialist legislation allowing same-sex unions . It also showed that 53 per cent of the country supported adoption by homosexual couples. Pressed about such contentious issues last year, Ms Bruni said: ‘I’m rather in favor because I have a lot of friends - men and women - who are in this situation and I see nothing unstable or perverse in families with gay parents.” Ms Bruni added: ‘My husband is opposed for reasons linked to his political vocation, because he sees people as groups of thousands rather than people we know personally.’ Despite facing a long list of corruption enquiries, Mr Sarkozy is convinced he can become head of state again in three years. He has increasingly placed himself to the right of the political agenda, mainly in response to the increasing success of the far-right National Front. He made the claims despite his third wife, Carla Bruni (pictured together), being a strong supporter of gay marriage and homosexual couples adopting children .
highlights: Nicolas Sarkozy, 59, said he would 'repeal' laws allowing same-sex unions . He made comments during debate in Paris in hope to lead UMP party . It's despite his third wife being a huge support of homosexuals marrying . The vast majority of French people are at least nominally Catholic . But newly published poll showed 68% were in favour of same-sex unions .
id: 7094f12089732219eab633864f43eb4de96d3a5d
chatgpt: Former French President Nicolas Sarkozy made headlines on 16th September as he announced his plans to repeal laws allowing same-sex unions in the country. The 59-year-old made the announcement during an intense political debate in Paris. Sarkozy, who is aiming to lead the centre-right UMP party, stated his staunch opposition to same-sex marriage and insisted that he would seek to repeal the law if elected. Despite being married three times himself, Sarkozy's third wife is known to be a vocal supporter of same-sex unions. However, the former President remains unwavering in his resolve to bring back the traditional definition of marriage. He has been known for his tough stand on immigration and in his latest announcement, he has not shied away from taking a conservative stance on social issues. Sarkozy's decision has already sparked a lot of debate among politicians and the public alike. The vast majority of French people are nominally Catholic and the church's position on same-sex unions has been widely reported in the media. However, according to a newly published poll, a surprising 68% of French people are in favour of same-sex unions. The poll also revealed that Sarkozy's announcement may not go down well with young voters. The move is seen by some as a misguided attempt to gain popularity among right-wing voters at a time when the political landscape in France is changing dramatically. Sarkozy is seen as a polarising figure in French politics and has a tough road ahead in trying to win back the trust of the French people. The current President, Emmanuel Macron, has been credited with bringing about some much-needed reforms and has gained favour with the French people. In contrast, Sarkozy's announcement may be viewed as out of touch with the modern values of French society. The country has long been known as a bastion of liberal thought and the decision to repeal same-sex marriage laws may be seen as a step backwards for the country. The announcement may also create further division within an already politically charged atmosphere. The issue of same-sex unions has been a contentious one in France and has been the subject of intense debate in recent years. The decision in 2013 to legalise same-sex marriage sparked both celebration and protests across the country. The debate has continued to rage on with politicians, religious groups and members of the public all voicing their opinions on the matter. Overall, Sarkozy's announcement has sparked a lot of discussion and debate about the future of same-sex unions in France. His traditionalist stance may win over some right-wing voters, but it may also alienate a significant portion of French society who are in favour of same-sex unions. It remains to be seen whether his decision will help or hinder his chances of leading the UMP party in the upcoming elections.