article: A foundation created to honor a firefighter killed on Sept. 11 has raised enough money to pay off the mortgages and make repairs on the homes of two slain New York Police Department officers. The Stephen Siller Tunnel to Towers Foundation said $860,000 has been donated, and another $150,000 has been pledged for the families of Detectives Rafael Ramos and Wenjian Liu. The officers were killed late last month as they sat in their patrol car on a Brooklyn street. Scroll down for video . Maritza Ramos, left, and Pei Xia Chen, widows of slain New York City Police Officers Rafael Ramos and Wenjian Liu, received checks from the Stephen Stiller Tunnel to Towers Foundation today . Pei Xia Chen (pictured center) widow of slain New York City Police officer Wenjian Liu, stands next to Liu's parents during a news conference at the Stephen Stiller Tunnel to Towers Foundation today . The widows of the men, along with other family members, attended the announcement, along with an audience made up primarily of police officers including members of the men's precinct. Other speakers included police and fire department officials, along with former New York City Mayor Rudolph Giuliani. 'We would like to extend our greatest gratitude and appreciation to everyone who gave their generous contribution,' said Liu's widow, Pei Xia Chen. In a tear-choked voice, she added, 'To all my extended blue family, be safe out there and appreciate life each day.' Detectives Rafael Ramos (left) and Wenjian Liu (right) were shot dead last month in New York . Ramos' sister, Sindy, said there weren't 'any words to express the gratitude that my sister-in-law and I have for the Tunnel to Towers Foundation. 'Nothing will ever bring my brother back, but just to know my sister-in-law and the boys can sleep just a little bit better amidst this tragedy' means a great deal, she said. The foundation says the money will be used to pay off mortgages and make repairs to the homes, with any extra going to the two families. They reached out to the banks to get the payoff amounts. Foundation CEO Frank Siller said there had been over 10,000 donations, coming from all over the country and internationally. The foundation is named for his youngest brother Stephen, killed at the World Trade Center.
highlights: The widows of Detectives Rafael Ramos and Wenjian Liu were handed checks today from the foundation . The Stephen Siller Tunnel to Towers Foundation said $860,000 has been donated and another $150,000 pledged for the families . Ramos and Liu were shot in New York last month .
id: 21439f0b73f69b741ce3238b6af8a6ef38171fd8
chatgpt: The families of fallen NYPD Detectives Rafael Ramos and Wenjian Liu have received a generous donation from the Stephen Siller Tunnel to Towers Foundation. The organization presented checks to the widows of the two detectives on Monday, just over a month after their tragic deaths. The foundation announced that they had received a total of $860,000 in donations for the families of the two officers. Additionally, another $150,000 has been pledged for the families, bringing the total amount to over $1 million. Detective Rafael Ramos and Detective Wenjian Liu were killed in the line of duty in Brooklyn last month. The two detectives were sitting in their patrol car when they were ambushed by a lone gunman. Thousands of police officers attended their funerals, which were held on separate days in December. The Tunnel to Towers Foundation, which was created in honor of Stephen Siller, a firefighter killed in the line of duty on September 11th, 2001, has been raising funds to support the families of Detective Ramos and Detective Liu. The foundation's CEO, Frank Siller, expressed his gratitude to those who have donated to the cause, stating that "There is no greater cause than supporting the families of fallen heroes. We are honored to be able to assist these families during this difficult time." The checks presented to Detective Ramos and Detective Liu's widows were a symbol of the foundation's support for the families of fallen heroes. The donations will help to cover the financial needs of the families during this difficult time, including mortgage payments, education expenses and other bills. The tragedy of losing a family member in the line of duty is one that hits close to home for many first responders. The outpouring of support for the families through the Tunnel to Towers Foundation reminds us all of the importance of community and rallying together during times of need. As we look back on the loss of Detectives Ramos and Liu, we are reminded of the sacrifices that law enforcement officers across the country make every day to keep their communities safe. The Tunnel to Towers Foundation serves as a reminder that those sacrifices are appreciated, supported and honored.