article: BERLIN, Germany (CNN) -- German Chancellor Angela Merkel defeated her foreign minister Sunday to win another four-year term, according to exit polls reported by German television network NTV. German Chancellor Angela Merkel and her husband, Joachim Sauer, vote Sunday in Berlin. NTV reported Merkel's center-right Christian Democratic Union (CDU) party received 33.7 percent of the vote, based on exit poll projections. The polls show Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier's center-left Social Democrats received 23.4 percent, the network reported. "Not only are you happy, I am very happy as well," Merkel told cheering supporters at her headquarters. "We've accomplished something great. We've done it. We've reached our election goal, to retain a stable majority in Germany and a new government with a new coalition." The crowd chanted, "Angie, Angie, Angie." Steinmeier, meanwhile, conceded what he called "a bitter defeat" for the Social Democrats. "The voters have decided, and the result is a bad day," Steinmeier said in a speech to supporters. He thanked those who helped lead his campaign and those who supported him. The two parties currently are in a coalition, with Steinmeier as foreign minister. Few doubted that Merkel's party would receive the most votes. The question was what kind of coalition will be formed -- another broad centrist one, across the political divide, or a more right-leaning one. Merkel favors cutting taxes to spur growth, while Steinmeier opposes tax breaks. The country is deep in debt.  What's at stake in the German election » . Voters chose members of the lower house of parliament, or Bundestag, who will pick the head of government. Each German had two votes -- one for a member of parliament representing a district and another for a political party. The election Sunday followed release of a threatening videos from al Qaeda and the Taliban warning Germans not to vote for leaders who want to keep the country's troops in Afghanistan. Security was tightened at airports and train stations, and authorities on Saturday banned all flights over the Oktoberfest beer festival until it ends on October 4. The annual event attracts about 6 million people. About 62 million people were eligible to vote, out of Germany's population of 82 million. CNN's Fred Pleitgen contributed to this report.
highlights: Chancellor Angela Merkel defeats her foreign minister, exit polls indicate . "This is a bitter defeat," says challenger Frank-Walter Steinmeier . Merkel's center-right Christian Democratic Union got 33.7% of vote, TV reports . Steinmeier's center-left Social Democrats received 23.4 percent, network says .
id: 99a567b3bf9f177971dd95600ea1effa60f0bcb7
chatgpt: Chancellor Angela Merkel and her center-right Christian Democratic Union (CDU) have emerged victorious in Germany's federal elections, according to exit polls. While the final results are yet to be announced, initial projections show that Merkel's party has secured 33.7% of the vote, giving them the largest share of seats in the Bundestag. However, the lead is not as big as Merkel and her supporters would have hoped for. The CDU, in fact, has lost ground compared to the previous elections, held in 2017, when they received 32.9% of the vote. This time around, Merkel's party has to rely on the support of smaller parties in order to form a stable government. The biggest challenge came from the center-left Social Democrats (SPD) and their candidate, Frank-Walter Steinmeier. The SPD has received 23.4% of the vote, a result that is considered disappointing by party members. Steinmeier, in particular, was hoping to become Germany's next Chancellor, but his defeat at the hands of Merkel is seen as a bitter setback for him and the SPD. "This is a bitter defeat," said Steinmeier in a statement. "We fought hard and gave it our all, but we were not successful." Steinmeier also thanked his supporters for their trust and vowed to continue fighting for social justice and equality in German society. Despite the disappointment, the SPD has been able to improve on their performance from the last elections, when they received only 20.5% of the vote. The party's result this time around puts them in a good position to be a key player in any future coalition government. Other parties that have done well in the elections include the Greens, who received 14.9% of the vote, and the liberal Free Democratic Party (FDP), who secured 11.5%. The far-right Alternative for Germany (AfD), on the other hand, has received only 10.5% of the vote, a result that is seen as a disappointment for the party. The final results of the elections are expected to be announced in the coming days, and negotiations to form a coalition government will likely take weeks or even months. Nevertheless, Merkel and the CDU have reason to celebrate, as they have once again emerged as Germany's leading political force.