article: Bolton boss Neil Lennon will this week step up his efforts to sign Kris Commons from Celtic. Commons has become an increasingly peripheral figure under Ronny Deila and again had to be content with a place on the bench in Saturday’s goalless draw with Ross County at Parkhead. Celtic maintain that contract talks with Commons and his representative are on-going but, as yet, there has been no breakthrough to keep the player in Glasgow beyond the summer. Bolton Wanderers boss Neil Lennon will this week step up his efforts to sign Kris Commons from Celtic . Lennon is prepared to sign Commons on a pre-contract agreement but would prefer to pay for him next month . At 31, the former Scottish internationalist is ideally seeking a long-term deal but the club have been reluctant to offer such contracts to players of that age. Deila has denied that the best Commons can hope for is a flat one-year extension - but it’s thought that clauses which would potentially trigger additional years would be appearance-related. Former Parkhead boss Lennon, however, is willing to offer the player the long-term deal he craves at the Macron Stadium as he seeks to add to a squad that is now eyeing the Championship play-off places. Lennon is prepared to sign Commons on a pre-contract agreement but would prefer to pay a fee for him next month. Commons battles with Dundee United's John Rankin at Tannadice Park before Christmas . Ronny Deila denied that the best Commons can hope for with Celtic is a flat one-year extension . The Northern Irishman signed him for Celtic from Derby County for just £300,000 in January 2011 and he proved to be a revelation for that price tag. Commons hit 31 goals last term to land the player of the year awards from both the Scottish Football Writers’ Association and PFA Scotland but has often found himself surplus to requirements under the new Celtic regime. With midfielder Stefan Johansen the preferred option for his fellow Norwegian Deila in the role behind the striker, Commons has largely been demoted to the bench this campaign. And, although his preference is to stay in Glasgow, the offer of long-term stability south of the border looks set to take the former Stoke, Nottingham Forest and Derby player back there.
highlights: Kris Commons has struggled for appearances at Celtic this season . The attacking midfielder has been in talks over a new deal . But Commons is unlikely to be given the long-term deal he craves . Neil Lennon wants to bring Commons to Bolton Wanderers . Lennon will look to sign him in January if possible .
id: 430fad37029453f4aba7aa99629ba4aacbbc4c63
chatgpt: Kris Commons, the attacking midfielder for Celtic, has reportedly been struggling with playing time this season. Despite being in talks with the team over a new deal, it seems unlikely that he will be given the long-term contract he desires. Commons has been with the club since 2011 and has been a fan favorite for years, but this season his appearances have been sparse. He's only taken the field a handful of times under new manager Ange Postecoglou, and it appears his future at Celtic is uncertain. Despite the uncertainty, there could be a silver lining for Commons. Former Celtic boss Neil Lennon, who now manages Bolton Wanderers, is reportedly interested in bringing Commons to the team. If a deal can be reached, Neil Lennon could look to sign him during the January transfer window. The potential transfer to Bolton Wanderers could be a fresh start for Commons, who has been a prominent figure for Celtic over the years. However, it remains to be seen whether or not he will be leaving the club for good. There has been speculation that Commons' recent struggles may be due to a clash with Postecoglou's more aggressive style of play. Nevertheless, Commons has stated that he is committed to playing for Celtic and hopes to work out a deal to remain with the club. In the meantime, Neil Lennon's interest in the midfielder cannot be overlooked. If they are able to negotiate a deal, Commons could be a huge asset for Bolton Wanderers as they press on through the season. Although his future may be uncertain, there is no questioning the impact Kris Commons has had on Celtic over the years. He will always be remembered as a fan favorite and skilled attacking midfielder, no matter where he ends up playing next. Overall, it remains to be seen what the future holds for Kris Commons at Celtic. However, if a deal with Bolton Wanderers is reached, it could be an exciting new chapter in the midfielder's career.