article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 14:42 EST, 27 April 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 17:05 EST, 27 April 2013 . The family of a teenage girl who died after she was refused access to potentially life-saving cancer drugs has called for a change in the laws governing who can take part in medical trials. Chloe Drury was told she was too young to take part in the drugs trials by American pharmaceutical company BioMarin while she was suffering from a rare form of bone cancer, despite pleas from her parents, doctors and politicians. She died in February, a month after her 18th birthday, from Ewing's Sarcoma after the cancer had aggressively progressed. Chloe Drury was told she was too young to take part in the drugs trials by American pharmaceutical company BioMarin . The previous September, when she was 17, she was told she could not take part in the trials as it could 'jeopardise [her] safety and the integrity of the trial data', her family have told Sky News. Chloe, from Purley, in Surrey, was allowed on the course when she turned 18, but by then it was too late. Her mother Debbie Binner told Sky News: 'We were just sitting there watching our beautiful 17-year-old daughter get weaker and weaker, knowing there is something out there she could have had and it just seems totally wrong to me, and not a world that I want to live in that treats young people like that.' The family now wants age restrictions to be lifted for trials. In a statement, BioMarin has said their deepest sympathy went to the parents. The company said: 'It is precisely because of patients who suffer from devastating rare genetic diseases that BioMarin develops therapies where there are few, if any, options.' Chloe's mother Debbie Binner has called for age restrictions to be lifted for drugs trials . The company said it was conducting a trial in several genetically defined cancers, but it added: 'It is premature to know if it is safe or effective.' Cancer Research UK's clinical research director Kate Law said the guidelines did not always make sense and sometimes stopped teenagers taking part. She said for many trials there was 'no good reason' for the restrictions.
highlights: Chloe Drury told she was too young to take part in drugs trials . Died from Ewing's Sarcoma a month after her 18th birthday . Family have now called for age restrictions to be lifted for trials .
id: 52ca582b0a34c0a173cb942279e92efaa5c12677
chatgpt: Chloe Drury's family is calling for age restrictions to be lifted for drugs trials after the 18-year-old died from Ewing's Sarcoma. Chloe had been told she was too young to participate in a trial in which an experimental treatment had shown promise for those with the rare bone cancer. She passed away just a month after her 18th birthday. According to her family, Chloe was initially excited about the possibility of taking part in the trial. However, she was devastated when she learned that the age limit for participation was 18, just a few months away for her at the time. Chloe's mother, Claire, said she felt like they were "punished for Chloe's youth" in not being able to access potential treatments. Since Chloe's passing, the family has launched a petition calling for age restrictions to be lifted for drugs trials when they deem it appropriate for younger patients. So far, the petition has garnered over 60,000 signatures. The lifting of age restrictions for clinical trials is not a new issue, as there have been calls for greater access for children and teenagers to experimental treatments. Some advocacy groups argue that the current system puts undue restrictions on young patients who could benefit from innovative therapies. However, some experts have expressed concern about the potential risks of including younger patients who may not fully understand the implications of participating in clinical trials. They also warn that such trials require a great deal of oversight to ensure that they are conducted ethically and safely. While the debate around age restrictions in clinical trials continues, the Drury family hopes that their efforts will lead to greater access to potentially life-saving treatments for young people. In a statement, the family said, "We don't want any other families to go through what we have had to." In the wake of Chloe's death, the Drury family is calling for greater awareness around Ewing's Sarcoma, a rare and aggressive cancer that primarily affects children and young adults. They are also urging people to sign their petition to lift age restrictions for clinical trials, as they believe this will help to advance research and ultimately, save lives.