article: By . Leon Watson . PUBLISHED: . 02:34 EST, 5 December 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 03:19 EST, 5 December 2012 . Supermarkets that deal with suppliers unfairly could be fined by a new industry regulator, it was revealed today. New rules to be introduced by Competition Minister Jo Swinson will give the Groceries Code Adjudicator the power to name and shame offenders. It will also be able to suggest recommendations and levy fines against companies found to have breached industry guidelines. A new watchdog, the Groceries Code Adjudicator, will be given the power to name and shame supermarkets that treat farmers unfairly . Ms Swinson said: 'Where supermarkets are breaking the rules with suppliers and treating them unfairly, the adjudicator will make sure that they are held to account. 'We have heard the views of the stakeholders who were keen to give the adjudicator a power to fine, and recognise that this change would give the adjudicator more teeth to enforce the Groceries Code.' The change was immediately attacked by the British Retail Consortium as 'unnecessary and heavy-handed'. British Retail Consortium director general Stephen Robertson told The Daily Telegraph: 'We’ve long maintained that the power to impose fines is unnecessary and heavy-handed and should be kept in reserve. 'This flies in the face of common sense and is yet another piece of disproportionate legislation aimed at food retailers. 'It's a major let-down and makes it even more important that retailers are given a full right of appeal against being fined or "named and shamed".' The British Retail Consortium immediately attacked the plans as 'unnecessary and heavy-handed' The new adjudicator is expected to publish guidelines on its approach to sanctions within six months of the new Bill coming into effect, expected some time next year. As well as fining companies the adjudicator will be able to arbitrate disputes between retailers and suppliers and investigate confidential complaints from direct and indirect suppliers. Ms Swinson said: 'The food industry plays an important role in economic growth, and the Groceries Code Adjudicator will help to ensure that the market is operating in a fair and healthy way. 'Large supermarkets form a big chunk of this industry, and generally provide consumers with low prices and variety whilst providing business for farmers and suppliers.'
highlights: New Groceries Code Adjudicator will have . power to name and shame . The change was immediately attacked by the British Retail Consortium .
id: 8f9f745cd23c8c069e13aef72ad3a056ca1a1d12
chatgpt: The British government has announced the appointment of a new Groceries Code Adjudicator (GCA) with increased powers to enforce fair business practices in the grocery industry. The GCA will now have the authority to publicly name and shame supermarkets found to be engaging in unethical behaviour towards their suppliers. The new powers were immediately met with criticism from the British Retail Consortium (BRC), who saw them as unnecessary and possibly damaging to the industry. The BRC argued that retailers had already made significant progress with the existing voluntary code of conduct, and that the new measures could increase regulatory burden and discourage investment in the sector. However, the government and consumer groups have praised the move, saying that it will help to ensure a level playing field for suppliers and prevent abuses of power by large retailers. The GCA's new powers include the ability to investigate complaints from suppliers, impose fines and recommend improvements to supermarkets' policies and practices. The grocery industry is a major part of the UK economy, and is dominated by a small number of large supermarket chains. In recent years, concerns have been raised about the treatment of suppliers, particularly small and medium-sized businesses, by these retailers. Suppliers have reported being squeezed on prices, given short notice of changes to orders or contracts, and subjected to unfair deductions from payments. The GCA was established in 2013 as an independent regulator to oversee compliance with the voluntary Grocery Supply Code of Practice (GSCOP) by the major supermarkets. The Code sets out rules on fair dealing, pricing, and supply chain practices for suppliers, and was introduced as a response to concerns about abuses of power by the big retailers. The new powers for the GCA have been welcomed by suppliers and consumer groups, who have long called for greater protection against unfair practices in the grocery industry. The GCA will now be able to conduct investigations more easily, and make public the names of retailers found to be breaching the GSCOP. This is expected to create a more transparent market, making it easier for small suppliers to compete and for consumers to make informed choices. In a statement, the new GCA said, "I am pleased to have been appointed as the Groceries Code Adjudicator and look forward to working with retailers and suppliers to ensure fair dealing and transparency in the grocery sector. The new powers will give me the tools I need to address any breaches of the Code, and to hold retailers to account." The grocery industry is an important part of the UK economy, employing over 3 million people and with a turnover of around £200 billion. The new measures are expected to further improve the sustainability and fairness of the sector, and to ensure that suppliers and consumers are protected from abuses of power by large retailers.