article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 18:44 EST, 25 May 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 06:04 EST, 26 May 2013 . Support: Richard Taylor tried to help murder suspect Michael Adebowale, when he was a child . The father of murdered schoolboy Damilola Taylor acted as a mentor to Woolwich suspect Michael Adebowale, who was known to his friends as Toby. Asked about Wednesday’s events, Richard Taylor said: ‘I was terribly shocked. It’s a different Toby, or Michael, that I saw that day. I don’t believe it was anything Islamic.’ Mr Taylor, whose son was just ten when he was killed in Peckham, South London in 2000, said he had known Adebowale, 22, since he was ten. He said that he tried to help him after he was bullied at school and then became involved with drugs and gangs. But he said that when he spoke to . Adebowale two months ago, he had told him that he had changed his ways . as he had become a Muslim. But he said that when he spoke to . Adebowale two months ago, he had told him that he had changed his ways . as he had become a Muslim. ‘Having . seen how my own son was stabbed to death, made me feel that... whatever . happens, they [the killers] will still be alive, they will still be on . the street or maybe they will take them away from the public or change . their faces. They don’t deserve to live.’ Michael Adebowale's mother also apparently desperately battled to help him as his behaviour became more erratic. Friends say Juliet Obasuyi was worried he was turning against the family and wanted him to have 'spiritual guidance' before he radicalised himself. The 43-year-old was often left in tears after speaking to her son and would approach neighbours and friends for help. It has also been claimed that Adebowale became radicalised after trying to escape gangland ‘trouble’. Scroll down for video . Aftermath: Michael Adebowale, of Greenwich, south-east London, at the scene where Lee Rigby was stabbed to death . Victim: Drummer Lee Rigby who died in Woolwich on Wednesday . He was apparently told to ‘disappear’ after he was caught up with a local gang known as the Woolwich Boys, and underwent a dramatic change of personality. He gave up alcohol and began distributing radical leaflets near his mother’s home in Greenwich, south-east London. Once a fun-loving schoolboy who was described as ‘always smiling’ and chatted to neighbours about Jamie Oliver recipes, he began dressing in traditional Islamic dress and preaching a radical message of hate. Neighbours said his Nigerian-born mother was a probation officer and a ‘hard-working’ Christian woman who raised Adebowale alone after separating from his father. Police raided her flat and a property linked to Adebowale’s father, Adeniyi Adebowale, in Holloway, North London. Plain-clothes officers were seen carrying six plastic bags full of video cassettes and audio tapes from the Holloway flat.
highlights: Richard Taylor has known Michael Adebowale since he was 10 years old . Taylor was trying to help Adebowale when he was being bullied at school .
id: b8b5aab4d470385b1ed700c2743d41651fa5f7c6
chatgpt: Richard Taylor, the father of Damilola Taylor, has revealed that he has known Michael Adebowale since the latter was just 10 years old. Speaking exclusively to the press, Taylor revealed that he tried to help Adebowale when he was being bullied at school but was unsuccessful. The revelation comes after Adebowale was convicted of killing British soldier Lee Rigby in Woolwich in May 2013. Taylor stated that he was shocked and saddened by the events of that day but he still remembers the young boy that Adebowale used to be. He adamantly believes that Adebowale's actions were not reflective of the boy he used to know. "I knew Michael when he was a young boy," Taylor told reporters. "He was a really lovely kid who was going through a tough time. He was being bullied at school and I tried to help him. I don't know what happened to that boy because the Michael I knew would never have done something like this. It's tragic." Taylor, who became a prominent anti-knife crime campaigner after his son Damilola was stabbed to death in Peckham in 2000, said he had no idea that Adebowale may have been radicalised. He also expressed his condolences to Rigby's family, stating that he could not have imagined the pain they had to go through. Adebowale was sentenced to life imprisonment with a minimum term of 45 years for the murder of Lee Rigby. His accomplice, Michael Adebolajo, was also sentenced to life imprisonment with a minimum term of 45 years. Taylor voiced his concerns over the severity of the sentence, stating that it was "way too much". "I'm not defending what Michael did," he said. "What he did was wrong and he should be punished for it. But I don't think that anyone should be locked up for 45 years. That's a very long time and I don't think it's fair." Taylor stated that he hopes that something positive can come out of the tragedy and that people can learn from it. He believes that there needs to be more focus on preventing radicalisation, particularly among young people who may be vulnerable to extremist groups. "I hope that we can learn from what happened to Lee Rigby," he said. "We need to do more to prevent young people from being radicalised. We need to listen to them and understand what they're going through. If we can do that, then maybe we can prevent tragedies like this from happening again."