article: Wacky singer Lady Gaga has met her match in the canine world - in a cross-dressing poodle dubbed 'Lay Z Gaga'. Seven-year-old Max was rescued as a stray and now stars in a calendar inspired by the Born This Way singer. The mutt modelled streaky bacon, a blonde wig and lipstick to recreate some of the music idol's most iconic outfits. Scroll down to watch how Max's look is created . Sausage dog: Max modelling his own version of Lady Gaga's iconic meat dress, which was a sought-after Halloween costume in 2010 . Outlandish: Lady Gaga, pictured, at the 2010 MTV Video Music Awards in her meat dress . The calendar was the brainchild of Lara Jo Regan, 47, who wanted to show off the 'beauty and potential' of stray animals through artwork. She said: 'I tried to imagine what Lady Gaga might fashion herself if she were reincarnated as an aging, lethargic poodle with not much of a wardrobe budget.' Ms Regan, a fine art documentary and filmmaker from Los Angeles, took Max in after he was left homeless during the economic meltdown in 2008. She said the 2ft-tall pooch had looked like a ‘former aristocratic drag queen who fell on hard times’. The artist's fascination with animal artwork began in her childhood when she assigned detailed human profiles to her pets based on their looks, behaviours and habits. She added: 'Artists trying to show the extraordinary qualities in things other people may dismiss or dispose of is nothing new - I'm just applying it to stray and otherwise unwanted animals.' Lady Gaga and her outlandish, colourful outfits proved a particularly fertile ground for this project. Colourful: Lay Z Gaga wears a wig, green cape and glasses for the August month of the Bred This Way calendar by Lara Jo Regan . Spiky: Max the dog modelling a design worn by Lady Gaga, with a matching bone . Ice cool: Lady Gaga's strikingly spiky outfit was recreated by Max the dog . Glammed-up: Max the dog modelling the singer's famous firework outfit . The singer's meat dress - a creation made from six pieces of sewn-together steak teamed with a matching meat hat and bag - was a sought-after Halloween costume when it first appeared in 2010. At the time, it came with a warning that it would last for a maximum of three hours before distergrating - but for Max, it seemed the the toughest challenge was not eating it. The 2013 calendar can be bought at www.layzgaga.com . Sassy: Max, the Lady Gaga dog, modelling his bubbles outfit, combined with a necklace and tiara . Tip-toes: Max delicately balancing on his hindlegs as he shows off another creation by the outlandish singer . Spot the dog: Lady Gaga's funky spotty look as worn by Max the seven-year-old Poodle . As usual: Max the dog without his Lady Gaga gear on . Inspired: Lara Jo Regan, who created the calendar in Los Angeles, USA .
highlights: Dog models Lady Gaga costumes for wacky new calender . The outfit worn by seven-year-old Max include the singer's famous meat dress .
id: 97c60851dd2737a24212539fb69da30c8fc1b03d
chatgpt: In a bizarre twist on calendar modeling, a seven-year-old Labrador Retriever named Max has been chosen to model Lady Gaga costumes. The resulting calendar promises to be an eye-popping exercise in self-expression. Max’s owner, Katherine Brown, says that she came up with the idea when she noticed how much her pet enjoyed being dressed up in various outfits. “Max is a very playful dog, and he loves to put on a show,” says Brown. “So I began to experiment with different costumes, and I noticed that some of Lady Gaga’s outrageous outfits were a perfect fit for him.” The resulting calendar features Max wearing some of Lady Gaga’s most iconic looks, including the infamous meat dress which she wore to the 2010 MTV Video Music Awards. In each photograph, Max appears to be completely at ease, and even looks as if he’s posing for the camera. Although the calendar is sure to raise eyebrows, Brown insists that it’s all in good fun. “When people see Max in these outfits, they can’t help but laugh,” says Brown. “It’s not meant to be taken seriously. It’s just a way to bring a little bit of humor and joy into people’s lives.” Max’s role as a fashion model is a bit of a departure from his usual routine. According to Brown, Max spends most of his days lounging around the house, or playing with his toys in the backyard. However, she says that he’s always up for a new adventure. “Max is a very curious dog,” says Brown. “He loves to explore new things and meet new people. That’s part of what makes him such a great model.” The calendar has already generated buzz on social media, with many users expressing their admiration for Max’s sense of style. “I’ve never seen a dog pull off a meat dress before,” wrote one user on Twitter. “Max is a true fashion icon.” Others, however, have criticized the calendar as a form of animal exploitation. Some animal rights groups have even called for a boycott of the calendar, saying that it sends the wrong message about the treatment of animals. Brown insists that Max is well cared for, and that the calendar is meant to be harmless fun. “I would never do anything to harm Max,” says Brown. “He’s my baby, and I love him to pieces. The calendar is just a fun way to showcase his personality and his love of dressing up.” Despite the controversy, the calendar is expected to be a hit. Brown says that she has received hundreds of pre-orders, and that she plans to donate a portion of the proceeds to animal shelters and rescue organizations. “Max has brought so much joy into my life,” says Brown. “I’m glad that we can share that joy with others, and do some good in the process.”