article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . UPDATED: . 07:03 EST, 22 June 2011 . Terri Sproul: The 19-year-old, seen outside Coventry Magistrates Court, wasted police time with her rape lies . A teenager who falsely claimed she had been violently raped was caught after she tried to cover up her lies on her Facebook page, a court heard. Terri Sproul’s claim that she had been assaulted as she walked home from a party led police to spend 147 hours trawling CCTV footage while forensic teams carried out a finger-tip search of Coventry city centre. But her lies unravelled when officers found a message on her Facebook page to a man she had consensual sex with on the night of the alleged rape. The 19-year-old posted the comment: ‘Oi Oi sexy how are you? Listen if the police phone you I got out of the taxi on my own. Don't say you came to mine.’ She pretended she had been attacked by an unknown other man. But jobless Sproul walked free from court after she admitted wasting police time by making up the false rape claim at Coventry Magistrates Court yesterday. She was given a 16-week prison sentence suspended for 12 months and ordered to carry out 200 hours unpaid work. Katie Simpson, prosecuting, told the court: ‘When they [the police] spoke to her about the Facebook messages she became very emotional. ‘She started crying and admitted to the police that she had lied to them. ‘She said she had never been raped and when they asked her why she had lied she said simply because she wanted to seek help.’ Giveaway: Sproul's Facebook page, on which she told a man she had sex with before she claimed she was raped by a random attacker: 'Oi Oi sexy how are you? Listen if the police phone you I got out of the taxi on my own. Don't say you came to mine' The court heard Sproul had been at an alcohol and drug-fuelled party at a friend's house in Coventry. Witnesses saw her snorting cocaine before she met a man who she later had sex with. Officers interviewed the man who admitted having consensual sex with her. But she pretended to police she had been attacked by another man in the city centre as she walked home from the party. Sproul, from Coventry, maintained her lie for six weeks before she finally admitted making the entire attack up. Stefan . Hunka, defending, told the court Sproul was suffering at the time after . falling out with her parents because of her £300-a-day drug habit. Coventry city centre: Where Sproul claimed she was violently raped . He said: ‘It's extremely fortunate for her that we don't have a human victim in this case. ‘No-one was arrested and no-one was held in custody. ‘Even though I represent her I was to get across the enormity of what might have happened here.’ Magistrate Steve Old told Sproul she had ‘narrowly avoided' a prison sentence.
highlights: She used Facebook to tell man she had sex with before alleged assault to pretend they hadn't been together . Claim led to police spending 147 hours trawling CCTV .
id: e0e5160402379d5f45f441b0a834ef79a9ed3e4f
chatgpt: A woman from Liverpool has been found guilty of perverting the course of justice after using Facebook to convince a man she had sex with that they hadn't been together. The claim led to police spending 147 hours trawling CCTV footage to try and locate the man. 22-year-old Sarah Williams admitted to altering Facebook messages to the man in question after she accused him of sexually assaulting her. However, it was later discovered that the allegation was false and was made in order to cover up the fact that they had been intimate. Prosecuting counsel, Mr. Thomas, told the court that the altered messages led the man to believe that they had never had sex and that Williams had been concerned that the man would tell her partner about their encounter. "The defendant had motive to lie because she didn't want her partner to know about her sexual activity," Mr. Thomas said. The court heard that Williams had asked the man to meet her in a bar in Liverpool and that they had gone back to her flat where they had sex. However, Williams claimed that the man had sexually assaulted her and went on to alter Facebook messages in an attempt to cover up the truth. Detective Sergeant John Williams, who led the investigation, described the case as a "particularly complex" one which had taken up a considerable amount of police time and resources. "The investigation involved a large number of witnesses and CCTV footage which had to be meticulously reviewed in order to establish the truth," he said. Despite the extensive investigation, police were unable to find any evidence of sexual assault and it was later discovered that Williams had made up the allegations in order to cover up her own actions. "Her actions not only wasted a considerable amount of police time and resources but also undermined genuine victims of sexual assault who may be reluctant to come forward out of fear that people may not believe them," Detective Sergeant Williams said. Williams pleaded guilty to perverting the course of justice and was sentenced to six months in prison suspended for 18 months. She was also ordered to complete 120 hours of unpaid work and pay £500 in compensation to the man she falsely accused. The case has raised concerns about the use of social media to make false allegations and the impact this can have on the criminal justice system. Detectives have warned that anyone found to be making false allegations could be prosecuted and face serious consequences. "It is vital that people are aware of the consequences of making false allegations and the impact this can have on both innocent individuals and the criminal justice system," Detective Sergeant Williams said. The case is a stark reminder that justice is paramount and that it is important for anyone with information to come forward and present it truthfully. Lying, especially in situations such as this, can have serious repercussions and do more harm than good.