article: The unelected ex-girlfriend of French president François Hollande was today made a senior minister in his government. Ségolène Royal’s appointment as Ecology and Energy Minster as part of a panicked reshuffle caused widespread astonishment and anger. Not only has the 60-year-old been widely rejected by the French people at recent elections, but she is a leading lady in the Hollande soap opera surrounding his personal life. An eye for the ladies: French actress Audrey Tautou meets François Hollande . A poll in a Parisian newspaper just before today’s announcement showed more than 70 per cent of French people were against Mlle Royal returning to power. M Hollande was barely allowed to speak to Mlle Royal, the mother of his four children, while he was living with his previous girlfriend, Valerie Trierweiler. The two women detested each other, but M Hollande effectively sacked Mlle Trierweiler in January after his secret affair with an actress was exposed. This paved the way for Mlle Royal’s appointment today, as part of a desperate attempt to change the fortunes of a failing administration. In government: Ségolène Royal’s appointment as Ecology and Energy Minster as part of a panicked reshuffle caused widespread astonishment and anger . France’s entire Socialist government resigned following meltdown in local elections on Sunday, when the far-right National Front made dramatic gains across the country. M Hollande’s immediate reaction was to sack his prime minister, Jean-Marc Ayrault, 64, who had announced a ‘defeat for the government’. M Ayrault was replaced by Manuel Valls, the tough-talking former interior minister who is fiercely anti-immigration. M Valls, who was born in Barcelona, Spain, in 1962 and is on the right of his party, caused outrage in his own party last year when he said Roma gypsies ‘did not want to integrate’ and should be deported. Beyond the appointment of Mlle Royal, today’s reshuffle contained few surprises, with ministers such as Foreign Secretary Laurent Fabius keeping their previous jobs. Socialist mismanagement was blamed for more than 150 town halls swinging to opposition parties in the weekend’s local elections. Les femmes d'Hollande: Valérie Trierweiler (left) was the French president's live-in lover when he was elected; M Hollande's secret mistress Julie Gayet (right) is on the verge of being dumped say reports . Polls show that M Hollande is by far the most unpopular head of state in recent French history. There have been claims this month that he is on the verge of dumping his secret mistress, Julie Gayet, while spending more time with Mlle Royal. The unemployment rate in France is now above 11 per cent, with the cost of living also soaring. M Hollande has become synonymous with a top rate of income tax of 75 per cent, but this week pledged that his government would become more business friendly.
highlights: Hollande reshuffles government after disastrous election results . Sacks PM Jean-Marc Ayrault; replaces him with right-winger Manuel Valls . Ségolène Royal, Hollande's ex-girlfriend and new minister, lost the 2007 presidential election to Nicolas Sarkozy . Royal, 60, is the mother of the French president's four children . French unemployment more than 11 per cent and top rate of tax 75 per cent .
id: 31bc2e407e4e4eb0d598243826c7ae839577e061
chatgpt: French President Francois Hollande has reshuffled his government after the disastrous election results that saw his Socialist Party suffer heavy losses in local polls. Jean-Marc Ayrault, the Prime Minister, was sacked and replaced by right-winger Manuel Valls, a former Interior Minister known for his tough stance on crime and immigration. The most surprising appointment in Hollande's reshuffled cabinet was Ségolène Royal, his ex-girlfriend and the mother of his four children. Royal, who lost the 2007 presidential election to Nicolas Sarkozy, has been given the important portfolio of Environment and Energy. This move has raised eyebrows in France, as some see it as an attempt to appease factions within the Socialist Party who supported Royal over Hollande in the past. Others, however, see it as a shrewd move by Hollande, who is trying to create a united front within his party amidst growing opposition from the public. The reshuffle comes at a time when France is facing serious economic challenges, including high unemployment and a top tax rate of 75 per cent. Hollande's approval ratings have plummeted since he promised to revive the nation's economy two years ago. Many voters feel he has failed to deliver on his promises. Valls, who is seen as a pragmatic and popular figure within the Socialist Party, has been tasked with the job of reviving the economy and reducing unemployment. He has promised to cut the bureaucratic red tape that has long hampered businesses in France and to make the country more attractive to foreign investors. "I will do everything to make France a land of opportunity, a country that creates jobs and attracts investment," Valls said in his first public address as Prime Minister. Many French business leaders have welcomed Valls' appointment, saying they hope he will bring much-needed reforms and a fresh perspective to the government. However, some on the left of the Socialist Party have criticized Valls' appointment, saying he is too close to the business community and not committed enough to social justice. Royal, who is considered to be on the left of the Socialist Party, has pledged to pursue an ambitious environmental agenda, including a shift toward renewable energy sources and a reduction in carbon emissions. She has also promised to focus on the needs of rural communities and small businesses. "I think we have an incredible opportunity to make France a greener, more sustainable country," Royal said at a press conference after her appointment was announced. Overall, Hollande's reshuffle is seen as a bold move by many commentators, who say it could help to revive his flagging presidency. However, others are more skeptical, saying that internal divisions within the Socialist Party and ongoing economic challenges could ultimately derail his plans for change.