article: By . Anna Edwards . PUBLISHED: . 09:33 EST, 29 April 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 10:18 EST, 29 April 2013 . Passengers on a busy Tube line face more than 18 months of periodic part-closures - because acidic water is eating away at the tunnel walls. London Underground's Jubilee line will shut for over a month during the next two years because acidic water is eating into the cast iron linings of the tunnel walls. The work includes six-day closures between Finchley Road and Waterloo . stations during Christmas this year and next, as well as over the Easter . period in 2014. Services will be halted in both directions between Finchley Road and Waterloo for major repairs which will cost £40¿million . The acidic water is similar in strength to vinegar and comes from water seeping in from surrounding soil. Services will be halted in both directions between Finchley Road and Waterloo for major repairs which will cost £40 million, the Evening Standard reported. The work covers a number of weekends and bank holiday periods from June this year to the end of 2014, with the possibility of some additional closures in 2015 in order to complete the maintenance. Engineers are concerned about the state of more than 90 yards of the southbound tunnel between Baker Street and Bond Street. Sections of the tunnel will have to be replaced as part of the extensive work. The acidic water is similar in strength to vinegar and comes from water seeping in from surrounding soil . London Underground’s Jubilee, Northern and Piccadilly lines’ programme director Stuart Harvey said today: 'All railways require a programme of maintenance and we will soon be carrying out work on the tunnel lining on a section of the Jubilee line. 'This is part of ongoing maintenance and, due to the nature of the work, some closures during weekends will unfortunately be required between Finchley Road and Waterloo.' He went on: 'We will be doing as much of the work as possible overnight; however, in some cases we need to carry on beyond normal overnight engineering hours and normal weekend services will not be able to operate. 'I apologise to customers for the disruption. We’ll be keeping the impact to a minimum by spreading the work out and including some later-starting services on Sunday mornings to minimise the overall number of closures.' The Jubilee line is the Underground's newest line, but serves stations which originally opened over 100 years ago. Inaugurated on 1 May 1979, the Jubilee line linked up the most recent sections of new tunnelling to open in central London - the four km (2.5 miles) of twin tunnels between Baker Street and Charing Cross - with the former Bakerloo line branch between Baker Street and Stanmore. The northern end of the line between Wembley Park and Stanmore was opened in 1932 as a branch of the then Metropolitan Railway.
highlights: Acidic water with strength of vinegar eating away at tunnel walls . Services will be halted between Finchley Road and Waterloo stations .
id: 55ecc71477dd9865b365ad11d92175b7243d2fd0
chatgpt: Passengers on the Jubilee Line of the London Underground are set to face severe travel disruptions as services are scheduled to be halted between Finchley Road and Waterloo stations. The cause of the delay? Acidic water with the strength of vinegar eating away at the tunnel walls. This has been a recurring issue for Transport for London (TfL), as the Jubilee Line tunnels are situated underneath the River Thames, making them particularly susceptible to corrosion. The problem has been exacerbated by a lack of maintenance over the years, which has allowed the acidic water to gradually eat away at the tunnel walls. TfL has tried to mitigate the problem by injecting a special grout into the tunnels to counteract the effects of the acidic water. However, despite these efforts, the problem has persisted, and TfL has finally decided that the only solution is to close the affected section of the line to repair the damage. A spokesperson for TfL has confirmed that services between Finchley Road and Waterloo stations will be suspended from 13th September until 19th September. "We apologise for the inconvenience this will cause to our customers," the spokesperson said. "However, the safety of our passengers is our top priority, and we cannot allow services to continue while the tunnels are compromised." The closure is expected to affect around 1.3 million journeys, with passengers being advised to find alternative routes. TfL has suggested that passengers use other Tube lines, buses, or National Rail services to get around, and has promised to provide additional staff and signage to help passengers find their way. However, for many passengers, the disruption is more than just inconvenient. For those who rely on the Jubilee Line for their daily commute, the closure could mean longer journey times, increased costs, and added stress. "I'm going to have to re-arrange my entire week," said one frustrated commuter. "It's just one more thing to worry about in an already stressful time." TfL has acknowledged the frustration of its passengers and has pledged to work as quickly as possible to repair the tunnel walls and restore services. "We understand that this will be a difficult time for our customers," the spokesperson said. "But we are committed to ensuring that the Jubilee Line remains safe and reliable for years to come." The closure is a stark reminder of the importance of continued investment in public transport infrastructure. With millions of people relying on the Tube every day, it is essential that the network is properly maintained to ensure the safety and comfort of its passengers. As TfL works to repair the Jubilee Line tunnels, it is hoped that the disruption will be kept to a minimum, and that normal services will be resumed as soon as possible.