article: By . Daniel Bates . Before they hibernate, grizzlies (pictured) eat around 100lbs worth of nuts, salmon and berries . Scientists are studying grizzly bears in the hope they can help solve the worldwide obesity crisis - because they are surprisingly good slimmers. A study has begun into the fearsome 1,000lbs creatures because they eat up to 58,000 calories a day but don't get fat. Before they hibernate grizzlies eat around 100lbs worth of nuts, salmon and berries which increases their cholesterol and causes their blood pressure to jump. Yet unlike humans, they do not suffer heart attacks or clogged arteries - and they don't become diabetics. U.S. drug maker Amgen is now researching 12 grizzlies held in captivity at Washington State University to work out how they do it. Dr Kevin Corbit has been looking at their fat deposits, monitoring their hearts, analysing their blood and conducting biopsies in the hope the bears will yield their weight loss secrets. It is the only facility in the world housing adult grizzlies and offers a unique opportunity to study them. According to the Wall Street Journal, Dr Corbit was inspired by Yogi Bear and his portly figure when trying to think of a way to research weight loss. He said that the test results so far suggest that bears modify their sensitivity to the hormone insulin, which controls how sugars and fats are broken down and used for energy. As they put on weight before hibernation, bears seem to be more sensitive to insulin, he said. But when hibernation begins they seem to shut off their responsiveness to the hormone completely. Hope for humans? Experts say that from the test results so far, bears modify their sensitivity to the hormone insulin, which controls how sugars and fats are broken down and are used for energy . Dr Corbit plans to spend the next two years working out how exactly the mechanism works.His work will be assisted by the sequencing of of the bears' genome which he hopes will be completed soon. The Washington State University bear centre was set up 27 years ago and the animals there were born on site or rescued from places where they went too close to humans such as in a national park. Dr Corbit, who until now has only worked with rats in a laboratory, had to take extra precautions when dealing with the grizzlies. The facility where they are held has electric fences buried underground so the bears can't dig them up. The bears themselves are kept in steel crates when they are being inspected and are put under before samples are taken. Dr Corbit has also become adept at using honey to distract them whilst another resarcher scans their hearts. Amgen research executive Dr Alexander Kamb said the grizzly bear research was unusual but given how big an issue obesity had become, it made sense to think differently. He said: 'I want to learn how the grizzly bears work their magic'.
highlights: Before hibernation, grizzlies eat . around 100lbs worth of nuts, salmon and berries which increases cholesterol and causes blood pressure to jump . Yet unlike humans they do not suffer heart attacks or clogged arteries - and crucially, they don't become diabetic . U.S. drug maker Amgen is now researching 12 grizzlies held in captivity at Washington State University to work out how they manage to stay healthy .
id: 0e6ec601f4b01f9e4b7e3780484aa3ab82893d72
chatgpt: Amgen, a U.S. drug maker, is turning to grizzly bears for answers to the question of how they maintain their health despite consuming foods that would put most humans at risk for heart disease and diabetes. Researchers are studying 12 grizzlies that are in captivity at Washington State University to learn more about the animals' ability to resist common chronic diseases. Despite consuming around 100 pounds of nuts, salmon, and berries before entering hibernation, grizzlies do not suffer from heart attacks or clogged arteries, as would be expected with the high levels of cholesterol and blood pressure caused by their diet. Additionally, and crucially, they don't become diabetic, which is a common problem for people who consume high-calorie, high-sugar diets. The research conducted by Amgen could potentially lead to a new way of treating common chronic diseases such as heart disease and diabetes. By understanding how grizzlies are able to consume such a high-fat and high-calorie diet without experiencing adverse health effects, scientists could develop new drugs that mimic the bears' physiological responses. The bears at Washington State University are being monitored with the use of electronic collars that track their movement, heart rate, and core body temperature, as well as blood samples that are being taken regularly to track their metabolic responses to their diet. Researchers are studying the bears' genetic makeup to understand if there are any unique factors that contribute to their resistance to chronic diseases. Amgen's research on grizzlies aligns with a growing trend in biotechnology research: nature-based or biomimetic drug discovery. Scientists are turning to nature for solutions to modern health problems, a technique that utilizes millions of years of evolution to develop new drugs that mimic the biological processes found in animals and plants. The use of nonhuman animals as research subjects is controversial, particularly when they are kept in captivity. However, the bears being monitored by Amgen were already living in captivity when the study began, and the animals are being treated humanely. In the scientific community, the high cholesterol and blood pressure found in grizzlies is known as "thrifty metabolism." Thrifty metabolism describes an evolutionary mechanism that allowed animals to store fat during times of plenty, which could then be used as energy during periods of food scarcity. Humans also possess a thrifty metabolism, but it is thought to have evolved in response to cycles of feast and famine, rather than year-round food availability. As such, humans are at higher risk of developing chronic diseases when consuming a high-fat and high-calorie diet. By studying grizzlies, scientists hope to develop new drugs that target the mechanisms behind thrifty metabolism and prevent the development of chronic diseases. Using biomimetics to study the responses found in nature could unlock new approaches to treating chronic diseases that have thus far eluded modern medicine. Overall, the study conducted by Amgen is an exciting one that could have a significant impact on the development of new drugs to treat chronic diseases. The grizzlies being used in this study offer a unique opportunity to study the mechanisms behind the animals' resistance to common health problems, which could ultimately lead to new treatments that are both safe and effective.