article: Andre Villas Boas has slammed Tim Sherwood after the former Tottenham manager criticised his successor's ability to maintain a united dressing room following his departure. When speaking about the time he took over at the north London club, Villas Boas pulled no punches. 'Tim was not part of my team, but I already alerted the president that he was detrimental to the club.' Former Tottenham manager Andre Villas Boas slammed his successor Tim Sherwood's leadership skills . Until Sherwood the former Spurs boss achieved the club's highest league win rate in the Premier League era . Sherwood (right) was in charge at White Hart Lane for six months after taking over from Villas Boas (left) Andre Villas Boas: P 54, W 29 - Win% 54 . Tim Sherwood: P 22, W 13 - Win% 59 . Ex-Spurs player Sherwood took over from Villas Boas after the Portuguese parted ways with chairman Daniel Levy in December 2013, following a string of disappointing domestic league results. '(Sherwood) continued after I left and his leadership resulted in a extreme split between the players and the coach,' Villas Boas said. After 18 months in charge Villas Boas exited White Hart Lane with the highest league win percentage  of any manager in the club's Premier League era, until Sherwood. The Englishman assumed Villas Boas' position in the hotseat, winning half of his 28 Premier League games as manager before being sacked by Levy at the close of last season. Current Spurs manager Mauricio Pochettino responded to Sherwood's criticism of defender Jan Vertonghen . Sherwood shocked fans back in March when the then Spurs boss accused his squad of lacking character following a 4-0 defeat at Chelsea in March and refused to apologise. Earlier this month, current boss Mauricio Pochettino was forced to leap to the defence of defender Jan Vertonghen, after 45-year-old Sherwood questioned his ability at the back. Pochettino – who succeeded the axed Sherwood at White Hart Lane in the summer – said: 'People can have their opinions but I am very happy with Jan. 'I am not aware of these comments. I give my opinions in private. I think Jan in his first season was maybe the best central defender in England. 'Maybe last season he was not as good but he is still a very important player for us.'
highlights: Andre Villas Boas has criticised Tim Sherwood's management strategy . Sherwood took over from Villas Boas as Spurs manager last December . Villas Boas branded Sherwood's leadership as 'detrimental' to the club .
id: b4930167572f54b324206f9134861e9236c41b0b
chatgpt: Former Tottenham Hotspur manager, Andre Villas Boas, has publicly criticised Tim Sherwood's management strategy. Sherwood took over from Villas Boas as Spurs manager in December of last year. However, it seems that the two are not on the same page when it comes to the best ways to lead the club. Villas Boas has branded Sherwood's leadership as "detrimental" to the club in a recent interview. He openly discussed his views on Sherwood's controversial tactics and his influence on Tottenham's poor performance during his tenure as the manager. Villas Boas stated that, "Tim's way of managing has had a negative impact on the team, and that's not the right direction for the club." Villas Boas pointed out that Sherwood's attitude and management style has affected the performances of key players, and this has led to a slump in their form. He added that Sherwood's frequent outbursts and public criticisms of some of the players have undermined their morale and that this negatively affects the way they play. Furthermore, Villas Boas believes that Sherwood's style has only hindered the club's growth, rather than promote it. He stated that Sherwood lacks the tactical knowledge and expertise to lead the club to glory. The comments are a harsh indictment of Sherwood, who managed the team for just over six months before being replaced. It is not the first time Villas Boas has been critical of Sherwood's management. In his autobiography, "Andre Villas Boas: A New Hope", he wrote about a heated disagreement with Sherwood over his tactics. Villas Boas claimed that Sherwood wanted to play a more direct style of football that did not suit the team's strengths. Despite the controversy, Sherwood has remained confident and focused on his job, with a desire to bring success to Tottenham. He has stated that he is not concerned with what Villas Boas has to say, and that his focus is on the first team's performance. In conclusion, it is clear that there is still some tension between Villas Boas and Sherwood, especially regarding their differing management techniques. However, ultimately, it is the team's performance that will matter, and it is up to Sherwood to lead them to success. Spurs fans will certainly have high expectations of their team, and it remains to be seen if Sherwood will be able to deliver the type of results that the fans and the club desire.