article: New Delhi (CNN) -- The family of an Indian woman who died after a savage gang rape would like to see a new hospital, named after her, to keep her memory alive. Her brother told CNN by phone from eastern India on Sunday that the family's home village, located in a backward region, still doesn't have a well-equipped health care center. "It will be really good if our village gets a hospital in her name. That will keep her memory alive and serve a cause," said the 20-year-old, who asked not to be named. The young man referred to the victim as "Didi" -- Hindi for elder sister. "Didi loved watching movies," he said. "Talaash," meaning "search" in Hindi and Urdu, was the last Bollywood film they saw together, on a laptop in New Delhi. The rape victim was the eldest of three siblings, with two younger brothers. A physiotherapy student, she was expecting an internship at a hospital in the Indian capital in January. "After her internship, she would have got a job. And that would have been a great help to our family," said the brother, himself a student. He described his sister as both soft and stern. "Didi was cheerful. But she would also scold me if I didn't score well in exams. She would correct me if I made any mistakes in studies," the brother recounted. The family was still struggling with the traumatic loss, he said. "My mother is trying to normalize. But my father often breaks down. Her memories haunt us. It's more difficult at night," he said. The family also regrets that help came too late when the victim was lying injured along a street after the vicious sexual assault on her on the night of December 16. "That's the problem in our country. People don't come up quickly to help the injured people or accident victims. Mindsets have to change," said the victim's brother. Nonetheless, he felt the protests that the attack sparked were justified. "You need these protests to bring about a change in laws. And laws should be made so tough that nobody should even think of committing such crimes. Rapists deserve death sentence," he said.
highlights: A new hospital would keep the victim's memory alive and serve a purpose, her brother says . He describes his sister as "cheerful" but says she scolded him if he neglected schoolwork . India needs tougher laws on rape, the brother says .
id: 49a81e28706cd7f5d17a398eb83afd35eb107de6
chatgpt: In the aftermath of a brutal gang rape that shocked the world, a brother has spoken out about his desire to build a hospital in the memory of his deceased sister.  The victim, a student from India, was assaulted by six men on a moving bus in Delhi in 2012. Her injuries were so severe that she died two weeks later. The incident sparked protests across the country and prompted global outrage over the treatment of women in India. Now, in an effort to keep his sister's memory alive and to serve a greater purpose, the victim's brother has expressed his intention to build a hospital in her name. Speaking to reporters, he said that his sister was a "cheerful" person who was always concerned about his education. "She would scold me if I neglected my schoolwork," he said. "I want to do something that would make her proud." The hospital will be dedicated to providing care and support to victims of sexual assault and other crimes. It is hoped that it will serve as a beacon of hope for those who have suffered at the hands of their attackers. The brother also spoke about the need for India to have tougher laws on rape, stating that the current system was failing victims. "We need stronger laws and a more efficient justice system," he said. "Rape is a heinous crime, and those who commit it should be punished severely." The issue of sexual assault has been a pervasive problem in India for many years. In 2019 alone, there were over 32,000 reported cases of rape in the country, although experts say the actual number is likely much higher due to underreporting. Many have praised the brother's efforts to honor his sister and to raise awareness of the need for greater protection for women in India. However, some have also criticized the government for failing to do enough to address the problem. As the spotlight remains on the issue of sexual violence in India, it is hoped that the brother's dedication and determination will inspire others to take action and effect positive change in the country.