article: Since the WI launched their nude charity calendar 15 years ago, it seems every fireman, nurse and rowing club has got their wobbly bits out for Miss June or Mr December. So the pressure is on these days to make ever yearly planner bigger and better to stand out from the rest. The 'Hotties' - a group of soldiers WAGS who consider themselves veterans of the naked charity calendar - have gone one better this year by launching their 2015 offering in one of the country's best-known strip clubs. The Hotties are a group of soldiers WAGS, they are launching their 2015 calendar at Stringfellows this weekend. Keira Goodwin, 32, (left) an antiques dealer from the Yorkshire Dales, is Miss June, while Eneshia Prescott, 30, (right) an events stylist from Lancaster, is Miss January . They have taken over Stringfellows in London's West End tomorrow evening and instead of the usual ladies wrapped around a pole, the 12 women involved in the calendar will be walking their famous curves down a catwalk. Keira Goodwin, 32, is Miss June and has been in the calendar for the last three years. She believes they are a success because they represent the everywoman . Keira said: 'We're all very normal, we come in a range of sizes and all have different careers. 'In the last couple of years, we have raised more than £8,000 for Help For Heroes. 'We sell them all over, places like Gibraltar, some in Camp Bastion, some in New Zealand. Melanie Clarke (left), 32, is a lecturer from Lancaster, Emma Bond (right), 23, is a PA and also from Lancaster . 'It's amazing when people send them to us and we can see how far they have traveled around the world - people get a lot of enjoyment from it. 'What people like as well is that all of the Hotties interact with people on our social media pages, so it's not celeb-based where you aren't likely to get anything back.' All of the money from the event is going towards the Hotties' two nominated military charities - Soldiering On Awards and Mission Motorsport. Melanie Clarke, Eneshia Prescott, Emma Bond and Keira Goodwin have all modeled for the Hotties calendar for the last three years . The Soldiering On Awards recognises inspirational and outstanding achievements of members of the armed forces. Medals are given to a range of achievements, like the Against All Odds Award, the Canine Partner Award, the Courage Award and the Family Values Award. Peter Stringfellow donated the club for the evening because the Armed Forces have been a cause close to his heart after marrying his wife Bella, whose own family has been personally affected by war. He said: 'It’s admirable to see what these wives and girlfriends of our serving military men have done to help raise awareness of the charities they support. 'Hosting the 2015 calendar launch party to help bring attention to the Soldiering On Awards was the least we could do.'
highlights: The 'Hotties' consider themselves veterans of the naked calendar market . The Armed Forces WAGS are raising cash for army charities . They have an extra trick up their sleeve to sell more - a launch at a strip club .
id: ef9cd1ba065d3f152b45781791932b0303f05b2c
chatgpt: The 'Hotties' are back and ready to take on the naked calendar market once again, as the Armed Forces WAGS gear up to raise cash for army charities. This group of military wives and girlfriends considers themselves veterans of the game, having already produced several successful calendars in previous years. But this time around, they've got an extra trick up their sleeve to sell even more copies: a launch at a popular strip club. The idea behind the calendar is simple - each month features a different scantily-clad WAG posing provocatively, with all proceeds going towards various army charities that support members of the military and their families. It's a cause that is close to the hearts of these women, many of whom have seen their partners deployed overseas on multiple tours of duty. "We know firsthand the sacrifices that our service men and women make, and we want to do our part to support them," said one of the Hotties, who wished to remain anonymous. "These charities provide vital assistance to soldiers and their families, so we're really proud to be able to contribute in some way." But with so many other naked calendars on the market, the WAGS knew they needed something to help set theirs apart. That's when they came up with the idea of holding a launch event at a local strip club. It might seem like an unusual venue for a charity calendar launch, but the WAGS are confident it will help them attract a wider audience. "It's all about visibility," explained another Hottie. "We want people to see our calendar and know that we're doing this for a great cause. And if that means holding our launch at a strip club, then so be it." The club in question is one of the most popular in the area, and has agreed to let the WAGS use the venue free of charge. They'll be setting up a pop-up shop in the club's foyer, where customers can buy copies of the calendar and meet some of the women featured inside. "We're excited to support the WAGS in any way we can," said the club's owner, who also wished to remain anonymous. "We know our regular customers will love the calendar, and we're happy to help the WAGS raise as much money as possible for charity." It's not just the strip club launch that's helping the Hotties stand out in a crowded market - they've also enlisted a professional photographer to help them produce the best-quality images possible. And with social media playing such a big role in marketing these days, they're hoping to reach even more potential customers through targeted online campaigns. But despite all these efforts, the WAGS know that the success of their calendar ultimately depends on one thing: the quality of the photos. That's why they've spent months carefully selecting the most photogenic members of their group, and ensuring that the outfits and settings for each shoot are just right. "We take this very seriously - we know that the calendar is our chance to make a real difference, and we want to give it our all," said one Hottie. "But at the end of the day, it's still just a fun project that we enjoy doing together as a group. And if we can raise some money for a good cause while we're at it, then all the better."  Overall, the Hotties have set their sights high - they're hoping to sell out of their entire stock of calendars before the end of the year, and raise thousands of pounds for charity in the process. With their unique launch event and attention to detail, they just might succeed. We can't wait to see what this group of determined military wives and girlfriends achieves next.