article: A 23-year-old man called 999 claiming he was American rapper Nicki Minaj, while he was drunk . A 23-year-old  man has been banned from drinking after he called 999 claiming he was rapper Nicki Minaj and that he had seen a ghost while he was drunk. Steven Brown from Crumlin, Country Antrim in Northern Ireland, made two calls within five minutes of each other to the emergency services on Christmas Day, a court heard. The first call was reportedly made at about 10.15am on December 25 where Brown claimed two men were making threats to kill him but was too intoxicated to provide more information. Prosecutors at Belfast High Court said that five minutes later he rang again and told the operator he wanted to cancel the first call, according to the Irish Times. During the second call he also claimed to be the 32-year-old American rapper and said there was a poltergeist in his house. The court was told the phone calls were in breach of a previous ASBO, which banned him from using the emergency number. Brown did not deny making the calls when police arrived at his house to arrest him and told officers he felt there was an emergency when he dialled the number. Prosecutors told the court that he Brown had recently been released from prison 'after serving a sentence for offences of a similar nature' and that he was an alcoholic. A defence barrister said Brown had been released from hospital and was taking medication but, against the advice of doctors, had consumed alcohol. Lord Justice Coghlin, hearing the bail application, said: 'This man is essentially a nuisance, which no doubt is a product of his alcoholism. 'Police have better things to do that cope with these telephone calls.” Brown was released on his own bail of £250, banned him from possessing and consuming alcohol and from dialling 999, except in an emergency. He also imposed a 10pm-7am curfew. Belfast High Court (pictured) heard that Steven Brown was breaching a previous ASBO by calling the number .
highlights: Steven Brown made two calls to emergency number on Christmas Day . In first call at 10.15am he claimed two men were making threats to kill him . Minutes later he rung to cancel last call and made claims he was the rapper . Court heard calls were breach of previous ASBO banning him from calling . He was released on bail and banned from drinking and ringing 999 again .
id: 0997cfdb14f7cfc8b9bb5c983d1b7e2352f2e357
chatgpt: Steven Brown has been arrested and is facing charges after making two calls to the emergency number on Christmas Day. The 33-year-old made his first call at 10.15am, reporting two men who he claimed were threatening to kill him. Just minutes later, however, he rang back to cancel the call and instead made bizarre claims that he was a famous rapper. The court heard that these calls were a breach of a previous ASBO which banned Brown from making any further unnecessary calls to the emergency services. As a result, he was arrested and taken into custody. Brown appeared at the local court where he pleaded guilty to the charge of breaching his ASBO. He was released on bail, but with strict orders not to drink alcohol and to stay away from 999 or any other emergency service. The court proceedings revealed that Brown had a history of making unnecessary calls to the emergency services. In October last year, he had made more than 100 calls in just two days, leading to an ASBO which was supposed to deter him from making any further calls. Brown had been warned by the judge on that occasion that any further breaches would result in a prison sentence. Despite the warning, he continued to abuse the emergency services, leading to his arrest on Christmas Day. Police have warned that frivolous calls to the emergency services can put lives at risk, as they divert resources and attention from genuine emergencies. They have appealed to members of the public to only use the emergency number in genuine cases of emergency, and to respect the authorities when they are enforcing ASBOs and other laws. The case highlights the importance of respecting the authorities and the laws that govern society. The emergency services play a crucial role in keeping the public safe, and it is important that they are able to respond to genuine emergency calls without being diverted by frivolous or malicious calls such as those made by Brown.