article: Wildlife presenter Chris Packham was reprimanded by the BBC for tweeting his views on the culling of badgers. Mr Packham branded government officials 'brutalist thugs, liars and frauds' in a series of tweets. He posted the tweets at the end of August on the eve of a cull to stop the spread of bovine tuberculosis. Chris Packham has been reprimanded by the BBC after tweeting his views on the summer badger cull . Another one of the tweets read: 'I feel sick, sad disempowered, betrayed, angry and crushed by the corruption of all that I know is right.' BBC bosses launched an investigation into the tweets following a complaint by the Countryside Alliance which claimed they went against BBC impartiality rules. It found that Mr Packham breached a BBC voluntary code of conduct as the tweets were not politically neutral. The Telegraph reported that in a memo on the issue Tim Scoones, a executive producer for the BBC Natural History Team said: While Chris' recent programme, the Burrowers (broadcast in August) did not touch on the badger cull issue, we accept that the timing of these tweets was not in the spirit of this voluntary code. The tweets were sent from Mr Packham's own Twitter account on the eve of a government action to shoot badgers . 'We did also consider some of the language used in the tweets to be intemperate and we have spoken to Chris about both these issues.' He added: 'Chris' Twitter account was not managed or supported by the BBC and although it identifies Chris as a BBC presenter, this does not imply BBC endorsement of the views aired on the account.' Meanwhile Mr Packham is urging everyone with a large garden to install a kestrel nesting box to halt the sharp decline of the falcon in the UK. Badgers were culled in some areas at the end of August to prevent the spread of bovine tuberculosis . Kestrel numbers have dropped by 30 percent since 1970 to about 30,000 breeding pairs. Mr Packham, president of the Hawk Conservancy Trust, says the decline is partly because of a loss of the birds' nesting places. Kestrel boxes are available from wildlife organisations and can be made from tea chests. 'They should face open space' said Mr Packham. 'Kestrels like looking out in an open environment on the edge of a wood or overlooking fields.'
highlights: Presenter found to have breached voluntary code of conduct . Investigation launched after Countryside Alliance complained . Tweets were in breach as they were not politically neutral .
id: 22d20256c981ca21441a0faa061d62931326a826
chatgpt: An investigation has been launched after a presenter was found to have breached a voluntary code of conduct. The Countryside Alliance had complained about the presenter's tweets, stating that they were not politically neutral. The presenter, who has not been named publicly, had tweeted about various political issues including hunting and animal welfare. These tweets were found to be in breach of a voluntary code of conduct which requires presenters to remain neutral on political issues. The Countryside Alliance, a pro-hunting and shooting organisation, had lodged their complaint with the Broadcasting Standards Commission, which launched an investigation. The Commission found that the presenter's tweets were in clear breach of the code, which specifies that presenters must remain impartial and not promote political opinions. The presenter has apologised for their tweets and removed them, but the incident has raised concerns about the impartiality of presenters and the need for stronger regulation of social media accounts. A spokesperson for the Countryside Alliance said: "We are pleased to see that action has been taken to address this breach of the code. It is vital that presenters remain impartial and do not use their platform to promote their personal opinions on political issues." Others have raised concerns that the code of conduct is voluntary and that there is no legal requirement for presenters to adhere to it. They argue that given the influence that presenters have, the code should be made mandatory, and penalties should be put in place for those who breach it. The incident has also led to discussions about the role of social media in broadcasting. While presenters are often required to have a social media presence as part of their job, there are concerns that this can make it harder for them to remain impartial and avoid expressing political opinions. One possible solution that has been proposed is to separate the social media accounts of presenters from their personal accounts. This would ensure that any opinions they express are clearly identified as their own and not representative of the broadcaster they work for. The investigation is ongoing, and it remains to be seen what action will be taken against the presenter. However, the incident has highlighted the need for greater regulation of social media accounts and stricter adherence to codes of conduct in broadcasting.