article: By . Richard Shears . PUBLISHED: . 13:34 EST, 26 December 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 03:58 EST, 27 December 2012 . Australian police have ‘made contact’ with a young motorist who appeared to be driving along a Melbourne motorway with his legs hanging out of the window. Police had pleaded with him to come forward after pictures emerged on the internet. It appeared to show the driver speeding down the Eastern Freeway with his legs protruding from the side window while the vehicle hurtles along in cruise control. The picture was taken by another motorist. A rogue P-plater has been photographed hurtling down a Melbourne freeway with both legs outside the driver's window. He has now come forward to police . ‘I couldn’t believe what I was seeing,’ said the motorist who took the picture, identifying himself only as Stewart. ‘I thought “If his right foot’s outside the window, how is he accelerating?” Then I saw both feet out of the window and I thought “Bloody hell”.’ The driver, he said, was travelling over the speed limit with a number of other people in the car. 'He looked very young,’ said Stewart. ‘This guy’s a risk to my safety. I don’t want to share the road with people like that.’ However, the photograph has now provoked a debate about if they are really the driver’s legs. One man has even put the controversy to the test by getting into his own car in his garage and trying to emulate the driver’s position. His verdict: impossible, unless the driver is a contortionist. The driver appeared to be 'travelling over the speed limit with a number of other people in the car'. But there has been some question over whether it is physically possible for the driver to be in that position . Others joining in the online controversy have turned on the motorist who snapped the picture, saying he appears to have broken the law himself. First, they said, he would have had to have been speeding to keep up with the other car. Then he should not have been using his phone to snap the picture while driving. Police Inspector Bernie Rankin from the Major Collision Investigation Unit said that if they were the man’s legs protruding from the vehicle the incident was no joke. ‘This young man…his behaviour without any further examination is conduct endangering life. That’s a very serious criminal charge,’ he said.
highlights: The provisional driver was caught on the Eastern Freeway, Melbourne, appearing to drive with his legs out of the window . It believed police have now 'made contact' with the man after they appealed for him to come forward . But some have questioned whether it is 'physically possible' for the legs to belong to the driver .
id: 116b1150fddbce8ed323edf69144bb1a64d79efd
chatgpt: A provisional driver in Melbourne, Australia was caught driving with his legs out of the window on the Eastern Freeway. The incident has caused a stir on social media, with many questioning whether it is physically possible for the legs to belong to the driver. Victoria Police issued a statement on their Facebook page, saying they had “made contact” with the man in question after appealing for him to come forward. The statement urged the driver to contact police and speak to them about the incident. While some people have suggested that the image of the driver with his legs out of the window could be digitally altered, the police have not commented on this possibility. The image was reportedly taken by a passenger in another car and quickly spread across social media. Many people have expressed concern about the safety risks of driving with one’s legs out of the window. Pedestrians, cyclists and other drivers could all be put in danger by such reckless behavior. Some have called for tougher penalties for dangerous driving in order to discourage drivers from taking such risks. Meanwhile, others have questioned whether the incident is truly a case of the driver having his legs out the window. Some have suggested that it could be a case of mistaken identity, with the legs belonging to a passenger in the car rather than the driver. Regardless of the specifics of the incident, it is clear that reckless driving behavior is a serious problem on Melbourne’s roads. There have been numerous high-profile incidents in recent years, including the tragic Eastern Freeway crash in April 2020 that killed four police officers. Experts have warned that reckless driving behavior could be exacerbated by the stress and frustration caused by the Covid-19 pandemic. With many people feeling cooped up and anxious, they may be more inclined to take risks on the roads. To combat this issue, Victoria Police have increased their roadside patrols and enforcement efforts in recent months. They have also launched campaigns aimed at educating drivers about the dangers of reckless driving. As this incident shows, dangerous driving behavior can take many forms – from speeding to distraction to driving with your legs out of the window. It is up to all of us to ensure that we are taking responsibility for our actions on the roads and doing our part to keep ourselves and other road users safe.