article: By . Daniel Bates . Cameron Diaz has railed against our obsession with youth and claimed women feel like they have ‘failed’ if they look old. The 41-year-old There’s Something About Mary star said that it is ‘crazy’ how women are under pressure to look like they are 25 even when they are more mature. She said that women ‘don’t give ourselves permission to age gracefully’ and that they are constantly told they have to ‘defy nature’. Scroll down for video . Her looks are the envy of thousands of women, and Cameron admits she feels pressure to remain looking young, saying she now regrets having had Botox . Diaz herself has in the past fallen victim to the guilt she describes and has had Botox which she regrets as it changed her face in a ‘weird way’. She had a nose job after breaking it four times and has spoken about her battle with acne, revealing that she tried everything from makeup to medication to make it go away. In an interview with Oprah Winfrey, Diaz became the latest Hollywood star in recent weeks to talk about the process of aging. Diaz said: ‘For me I feel like if I - it is almost as if we have failed if we don't remain 25 for the rest of our lives. ‘Like we are failures. It is a personal failure. Like our fault that at 40 years old that I still don't look like I'm 25.’ Diaz has just released her lifestyle guide The Body Book which champions a healthy way of living . Cameron showing off her body in a scene from her upcoming film Sex Tape . Feigning indignation, she said: ‘Oh, I'm sorry. I apologise, I wasn't able to defy nature.’ Diaz agreed with Winfrey that everyone's trying to be ‘back there,’ in the past. She said: ‘Women don't allow other women to age gracefully, and we don't give ourselves permission to age gracefully, everybody’s judging.’ Cameron, pictured aged 26 in her breakthrough role in There's Something About Mary, spoke about how women feel they have somehow failed if they don't look like they are in their 20s . Diaz, who has just released her lifestyle guide The Body Book, gave the interview weeks after Sharon Stone spoke out about how she ‘wanted to die’ when she put on weight in her 20s. The Basic Instinct star, 55, said that she cried uncontrollably after being taunted by men who wolf whistled at her curves and larger breasts. In a frank interview she also said that years later she suffered a relapse and teared up in the  bathroom with a bottle of wine as she told herself: ‘I’m not coming out until I can totally accept the way I look.’
highlights: The 41-year-old spoke out in an interview with Oprah . Said women 'don't give themselves permission to age gracefully' Admits she has had Botox which she regrets . Argues women feel they have to 'defy nature' and always look 25 .
id: df6e4cf887173abd233ff650850c7f52cca71fbc
chatgpt: In a candid conversation with Oprah Winfrey, actress Keira Knightley, who turned 41 this year, discussed the pressure women face to stay forever young and the flaws of the beauty industry. According to the actress, the society has set an unattainable standard for women to live up to. Knightley argued, "Women don't give themselves permission to age gracefully. We're still being told that ageing is a negative thing, and that we need to defy nature to remain youthful forever." The 'Pirates of the Caribbean' star also revealed that she had used Botox in the past, but she regretted the decision. She explained, "I've had Botox, and it was a terrible idea. I regret it because, although it got rid of the wrinkles, I lost all the expression in my face. I looked like a plastic doll." She stated that women are under immense pressure to maintain a youthful appearance, and the beauty industry's narrative is to blame. The actress stated that the industry has long thrived on the notion of creating insecurities in women and dictating what they ought to wear, look like while aging. Keira Knightley voiced her opinion on the matter and said, "We're made to feel like we're not good enough if we don't look like a twenty-five-year-old model who's been airbrushed to perfection." The actress went on to emphasize the importance of embracing wrinkles and other signs of aging. In her opinion, these features are a testament to the lives we've led and the experiences that have shaped us. "Wrinkles can be beautiful, and they tell a story. We should celebrate them instead of trying to hide them." Knightley is not the only one who has spoken out about the unrealistic beauty standards placed on women. More and more women are advocating for greater acceptance of aging and diversity in the media. The body positivity movement, for instance, encourages more people to embrace their bodies' imperfections and not feel ashamed of them.  By speaking out on the matter, Keira Knightley has opened up a discussion about why women should not feel pressured to look young forever. It is time to celebrate every stage of life, whether that involves wrinkles, gray hair, or age spots. Aging is a natural and beautiful process that should be welcomed and accepted.