article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . UPDATED: . 18:51 EST, 2 May 2012 . A widow whose husband was shot dead by her pastor lover has admitted to plotting the murder. Teresa Stone, 40, will be sentenced in June after pleading guilty on Monday to conspiracy to commit murder in the March 2010 death of Randy Stone of Independence, Missouri. Prosecutors say she conspired with her minister, David Love, who is serving a life prison sentence after admitting last year that he shot Randy Stone to death. Guilty: Teresa Stone, 40, admitted she helped plot her husband's murder with their pastor, David Love . Arrest: Prosecutors say Teresa Stone conspired . with Love, who is serving a life prison sentence . after admitting last year that he shot Randy Stone to death . Love was accused of shooting Mr Stone, a 42-year-old insurance agent, outside his office on March 31, 2010. Once the pastor of New Hope Baptist Church in Independence, where the Stones were parishioners. In a self-help manual, Mr Stone listed Love as the most influential person in his life, and he sometimes attended weekly counselling sessions with him. Mr Stone was active at the church and Love gave his eulogy, saying: 'We sit here and we weep not just because of the separation from our loved one, but because of all the questions that death brings, questions like "Why? Why him? Why now?",' according to a report early this year in The Kansas City Star. Shot: Randy Stone, left, was murdered by pastor David Love, right . Childhood sweethearts: Teresa and Randy Stone had been married for 20 years when he was allegedly shot dead by David Love in March last year . 'Without answers, death seems so cold,' Love said. Love moved to South Carolina not long . after Mr Stone's death and was arrested there in November 2010 after a . Jackson County grand jury indicted him on charges of first-degree murder . and armed criminal action. He accepted his life sentence in . November after pleading guilty to a lesser charge of second-degree . murder and armed criminal action. During the proceeding Monday in . Jackson County Court, Teresa Stone didn't offer any explanations for the . slaying but grew emotional when she admitted, while answering questions . from her lawyer, that she helped plan her husband's murder. Dedicated: The Stones were both members of New Hope Baptist Church in Independence, Missouri, where David Love was pastor . Randy Stone's mother, Clara Koehler, said later that watching Stone admit her role was difficult. 'It was hard, a whole lot harder than . it was with David (Love), but that's probably because Teresa was my . daughter-in-law,' she said. Randy and Teresa Stone had two children and had been married 20 years at the time of his death. Family members believe Stone's husband did not know of her alleged affair with Love, which they say went on for about a decade.
highlights: Teresa Stone, 40, pleaded guilty to conspiracy to commit murder . Will be sentenced in June . Preacher David Love serving life for shooting to death her husband, Randy Stone . Love gave eulogy at funeral .
id: 26d9900c8ecaf272ebc512cac91a23977bb54588
chatgpt: In a shocking turn of events, Teresa Stone, 40, has pleaded guilty to conspiracy to commit murder. Stone's involvement in the death of her husband, Randy Stone, has been the talk of the town for quite some time. Preacher David Love, who is serving life for shooting Randy Stone to death, gave the eulogy at the funeral. Stone's sentencing will take place in June. The death of Randy Stone had stunned the community. He was a well-loved person, and his passing had left a deep void in the hearts of his friends and family. Initially, it appeared as if Love had committed the heinous crime as a result of a personal vendetta. However, the investigation later revealed that Teresa Stone had conspired with Love to kill her husband. According to court documents, Ms. Stone had been having an illicit affair with Love for several months leading up to the murder. The affair was kept a secret from her husband, who had no idea that his wife was seeing someone else. Love had repeatedly told Stone that he wanted to be with her and that he would kill her husband to be with her. Stone had initially been hesitant about the plan, but Love had convinced her that it was the only way that they could be together. They had come up with a plan to shoot Randy Stone during a hunting trip, with Love taking the blame for the murder. On the day of the trip, Love had shot and killed Randy Stone, after which he had given the eulogy at the funeral. Stone's involvement in the murder had shocked everyone who knew her. She had always been regarded as loving and caring, and no one had suspected her in the crime. The news of her involvement had left her friends and family in disbelief. Teresa Stone's guilty plea has brought some closure to the case. The prosecutors have lauded the guilty plea, noting that it was a brave decision by Stone to accept responsibility for her crimes. The sentencing, which is set to take place in June, will determine the length of her stay in prison. The case has shaken the community to its core. It has raised questions about the darker side of human nature and how seemingly ordinary people can do extraordinary things. It has also highlighted the dangers of affairs and how they can lead to tragic consequences. The family of Randy Stone, who had been waiting for justice, has expressed relief at the guilty plea. They have called for justice to be served and for Stone to be held accountable for her actions. In conclusion, the trial of Teresa Stone has been one of the most high-profile cases in recent times. It has exposed the dark underbelly of human nature and how seemingly normal people can be capable of heinous crimes. With the sentencing set to take place in June, the community will be watching closely to see what justice will be served.