article: By . James  Nye . A mother and son in Illinois had a very lucky escape when a giant sinkhole swallowed their car and were then run over by a truck. Juanita Pineda, 41, and her son Benjamin Hernandez, 15, were on a paper route at around 3.50am just north of Chicago when their Ford Taurus fell into the 10ft-wide hole last Tuesday. Benjamin suffered a fractured spine, nose and jaw and lost his front teeth, but their run of atrocious luck didn't end there. Scroll Down for Video . Collapse: The road just outside of Chicago had collapsed to cause this 10-ft wide sinkhole to form and swallow a mother and son on an early morning paper route . Close call: Kane County crews look over a sinkhole in Burlington Township, Ill Tuesday, July 1, 2014, where three people escaped serious injury when two vehicles traveled into the sinkhole on a rural stretch of road . During her 911 call to emergency services, a pick-up truck that didn't see the hole or their car drove straight over them, but amazingly didn't add to their injuries. While on the phone to the 911 dispatcher, Pineda can be heard wailing, 'Oh my God, no! Another car!'. In audio released of the phone call, the pick-up truck driver can be heard running over to the sinkhole to offer help to the stricken mother and son. He can be heard shouting to them, 'Did I just driver on top of you? Oh my God!' Injuries: Benjamin Hernandez was in the back seat of the car and suffered the worst injuries . Lucky: Firefighters ladder's are still left where they were when they descended to help the mother and son caught up in the accident . Run over: This is the truck which motored over Juanita Pineda, 41, and her son Benjamin Hernandez, 15, after their crash in Illinois on Tuesday . 'I wish it didn't happen to none of us,' Benjamin said from his hospital bed to NBC about the accident which left his mother's car completely below ground level. Benjamin was in the back seat of the car when the accident happened - trapping him while his mother escaped with no injuries. 'We were very lucky that that person who flew over us, that he flew over, not on top of us,' Pineda said. Benjamin told NBC that he blacked out during the accident. Survivor: Benjamin, 15, suffered serious injuries in the accident while his mother, Juanita, (right) was relatively unscathed . 'All I remember is packing and then listening to my mom screaming for me to wake up,' said the lucky teen. Pineda said that she was terrified for her son's safety. 'All I remember him telling me is, 'Mom, I'm going to hold on for you, mom I'm going to hold on.' I said, 'Benjamin, please don't leave me, I'm here for you, I'm going to be strong for you,' Pineda said. Hernandez is expect to be hospitalized for another week.
highlights: Juanita Pineda, 41, and her son Benjamin Hernandez, 15, miraculously survived the accident just outside Chicago on Tuesday .
id: 25bb2eb029b726fd184ec1515f2e25c19c11a8bf
chatgpt: Juanita Pineda, 41, and her son Benjamin Hernandez, 15, were involved in a terrifying car accident just outside of Chicago on Tuesday. The accident left bystanders stunned as the family miraculously survived the crash with only minor injuries. According to eyewitnesses, Pineda was driving the family's SUV when suddenly the vehicle began to swerve uncontrollably. The SUV then veered off the road and crashed into a nearby ditch. The vehicle sustained some significant damage in the process, and it was a small miracle that the family managed to escape the accident with only minor injuries. "I couldn't believe what I was seeing," said one eyewitness. "The SUV was swerving back and forth, and then it just went off the road. I thought for sure that someone had been severely injured, if not killed." Emergency crews arrived on the scene shortly after the accident and were amazed to find that Pineda and Hernandez had only suffered a few bumps and bruises. The family was quickly transported to a nearby hospital, where they were treated for their injuries and later released. While the cause of the accident is currently under investigation, authorities are praising the quick actions of bystanders who appeared on the scene to offer assistance to the family. "The real heroes here are the people who rushed over to help the family after the accident," said one officer. "They saw that a family needed help, and they didn't hesitate to do whatever they could to assist. It's that kind of community spirit that makes me proud to serve and protect the people of this city." Pineda and Hernandez are counting their blessings after surviving this harrowing experience. The family has since been reunited and has expressed their gratitude to everyone who played a role in their rescue and recovery. "Benjamin and I are so grateful to everyone who helped us after the accident," Pineda said. "We feel blessed to be alive today, and we thank God for watching over us and protecting us during this difficult time." While the family recovers from their injuries, they are keen to share their story and highlight the importance of road safety to other motorists. "I want to urge everyone to drive safely and responsibly, and to always pay attention to the road," said Pineda. "If our story can help prevent just one accident, then it will all have been worth it."