article: (CNN) -- Three-time Formula One world champion Niki Lauda has tipped Fernando Alonso to clinch a 16th drivers' title for Ferrari his season. Alonso, a double world champion with McLaren in 2005 and 2006, currently leads the 2012 drivers' standing by 29 point with just six races of the season to go. Lauda, a winner of 25 grands prix between 1974 and 1985, says Alonso's approach this season has been close to perfect, grinding out results in a car which was considered substandard at the start of the season. Alonso: "Ferrari must improve" "He is making all the right moves," Lauda, who won the drivers' title twice with Ferrari, told the sport's official website. "He is fast and he is getting the car over the finish line. He is aggressive when needed. He is Mr Right, right now. "I say that he will carry on racing the way he has done so far and then the list of those who count themselves still in the running is dramatically reduced. "He will score the most points. He will be champion if he carries on like he has done up until now." Vettel triumphs in Singapore . When asked what Ferrari, the most successful team in F1 history, would be without the 31-year-old Alonso, Lauda responded: "Not as good. It is always the combination of driver and team that makes success." Rumors have suggested Ferrari may look to replace Alonso's teammate Felipe Massa for the 2013 season, with Sauber's Sergio Perez mooted as a potential successor to the Brazilian. But Austrian Lauda reckons it is too early in the Mexican's career for him to be a suitable fit at Ferrari. Latest Formula One standings . "I don't see it," added Lauda. "Perez would be a risk. Massa is predictable and Alonso likes him, so I say that such a switch is not going to happen." Lauda also singled out former Ferrari driver Kimi Raikkonen for praise. The Lotus driver sits third in the championship despite only returning to the sport this season after two years away. Raikkonen was the last Ferrari driver to win the championship when he fended off competition from Alonso -- then racing for McLaren -- and Briton Lewis Hamilton, who is still driving for the British team, to clinch the 2007 crown. "The fascinating thing with Kimi is that he came back and didn't need any warm-up time. It's as if he had never been away," said Lauda. "Kimi came back as if he hadn't been away for two years. He was fighting immediately at the top. You cannot ask for more."
highlights: Triple world champion Niki Lauda tips Fernando Alonso for 2012 title . Alonso leads the championship by 29 points with six races of the season to go . Lauda says it is too soon for Sauber's Sergio Perez to join Ferrari . The Austrian praises former Ferrari driver Kimi Raikkonen on his comeback season .
id: af249e842e4b33d887b37436e78850efa29da0ce
chatgpt: Triple world champion Niki Lauda has made a bold prediction regarding the 2012 Formula One title race, tipping Fernando Alonso to take out the championship. Currently leading the standings by 29 points with six races to go, the Ferrari driver has been in scintillating form this season, claiming three victories so far and never finishing outside of the top ten. In an interview with Sky Sports, Lauda outlined why he believes Alonso is the man to beat this year. "The thing with Fernando is he's matured into a driver that can win every race. He's not making mistakes, he's handling pressure well, and he's just so consistent. That's what you need to win a championship," Lauda said. But while Lauda is full of praise for Alonso, he believes it would be too soon for Sauber's Sergio Perez to make the step up to a team like Ferrari. The Mexican driver has been impressive in his first full season in F1, claiming three podium finishes and causing a stir with his performances. "Look, Perez is doing great, but he's still got a lot to learn," Lauda said. "He's a very talented driver, but making the step up to a team like Ferrari is a huge jump. I'd say he needs at least another year or two to develop his skills and gain more experience." Lauda also took the opportunity to praise former Ferrari driver Kimi Raikkonen on his comeback season. The Finnish driver, who spent two years away from F1 after leaving the sport in 2009, has been a revelation since his return, scoring one win and currently sitting third in the drivers' standings, behind only Alonso and Red Bull's Sebastian Vettel. "Kimi's been fantastic this year, hasn't he?" Lauda said. "To come back after two years out and perform at such a high level is just incredible. He's been a real asset to Lotus, and I think he's one of the reasons they've been able to challenge the top teams this season." As the F1 season heads towards its final stretch, all eyes will be on Alonso as he aims to secure his third world championship. With Lauda backing him to take out the title, the pressure will be on the Spaniard to maintain his consistency and see off the challenge of his rivals.