article: By . Rob Cooper . PUBLISHED: . 04:33 EST, 10 May 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 05:41 EST, 10 May 2012 . A conman who drove round in a Jaguar collecting £450,000 in welfare handouts under three separate identities turned up at court looking like a binman. Bert Mooney, 65, created two false identities then claimed disability and housing benefits in those names as well as his own. Mooney, from Manchester, gave addresses for his alter egos John and George Mooney in London and north Wales. Rubbish conman: Bert Mooney, 65, who drove round the country in a Jaguar collecting benefits in false names, arrives at Manchester Crown Court yesterday looking like a binman . He would then get behind the wheel of his Jaguar and drive between the locations collecting his giros before cashing them at the nearest post office. Mooney was eventually caught after a suspicious traffic warden noticed he had a London parking permit registered to a house in North Wales. The case was then passed to the Department for Work and pensions to investigate. He was due to be sentenced at Manchester Crown Court after admitting benefit fraud charges but his case was adjourned until Friday after a request from his defence to delay the case for medical reports. Defence council Mr Andrew Higginson had asked for an adjournment so the defendant's GP could send an up-to-date medical letter. But Judge Martin Rudland said that the case had gone on long enough and refused a long adjournment, saying he would sentence Mooney on Friday - with or without the report. He said: 'This is taking on facile proportions I have read his reports, what do we need a GP to say?' Bailed: Conman Bert Mooney leaves court in a taxi. He faces a possible jail term when he is sentenced on Friday . Mr Higginson replied: 'This case has a long and chequered history and a considerable number of adjournments, longer than usual adjournments. 'Mr Mooney has suffered from quite a considerable number of debilitating medical conditions, physical and mental.' He added that would like the court to pass sentence once a detailed and up-to-date medical report was received from his GP. Judge Rudland said: 'She can sit down with his notes today or tomorrow and write a one page letter for no later than Friday. 'This takes priority otherwise I sentence without. This has been a long and protracted affair.' He added to Mr Mooney: 'You are also a fraudster of considerable accomplishment. The case has been going on for over a year and it is vital that it is dealt with because it is in the public interest and in your interest.' Mooney, who has pleaded guilty to benefit fraud charges, was granted bail.
highlights: Bert Mooney, 65, created two false identities as well as using his own name to claim benefits . He drove from Manchester to London and north Wales to collect the handouts . The conman faces a possible jail term when he is sentenced on Friday .
id: a5623cf2e31e123cd36a7767838379ff39c84003
chatgpt: Bert Mooney, a 65-year-old man, was recently found guilty of using fraudulent means to claim benefits. The conman created two false identities in addition to using his own name to claim welfare handouts. He traveled from Manchester to London and North Wales to collect the money. Mooney was convicted of nine charges of fraud by false representation and two charges of using false documents at Manchester Crown Court. He created the fake identities to claim more than £25,000 in benefits over a period of six years. Mooney claimed that he was physically and mentally unfit to work and therefore deserved the benefits that he received. However, investigators discovered that he was not only healthy but also had a job as a self-employed landscape gardener. The conman used his fake identities to create a web of deceit that involved multiple welfare agencies. He was able to claim benefits from the Department for Work and Pensions, the local authorities, and the HM Revenue & Customs. Mooney went to great lengths to collect his handouts, driving from Manchester to London and North Wales to get the money. The court heard that he collected £2,000 from the Department for Work and Pensions by using his own name and another £7,000 by using one of his fake identities. The conman was eventually caught after one of his fake identities was traced by investigators. Mooney initially denied the charges but eventually admitted to the fraud. Mooney's case is a clear example of the kind of fraudulent behavior that costs taxpayers billions of pounds each year. Fraudulent claims for benefits undermine the entire welfare system and make it difficult for genuine claimants to receive the support they need. The conman's actions have been widely condemned, and he now faces a possible jail term when he is sentenced on Friday. His fraudulent behavior not only deprived taxpayers of funds but also exposed vulnerable people who rely on the welfare system to fraud and deception. Mooney's case highlights the importance of strong welfare fraud prevention measures and the need for individuals to take responsibility for their own actions. The government has put in place a range of initiatives to tackle welfare fraud, including the use of data analytics to identify fraudulent claims. The case serves as a stern warning to fraudsters that their criminal behavior will not be tolerated and will be met with the full force of the law. The public expects the government to take strong action against those who abuse the welfare system and to ensure that taxpayers' money is used to support those who are truly in need.