article: Tennessee Titans running back Shonn Greene was arrested Friday after parking in a handicap spot and leaving as a parking enforcement officer was writing him a citation, police said. Greene had parked his BMW M6 in a reserved spot on the public square in Franklin, a Nashville suburb, and ignored an officer's requests to produce a handicap placard for the space. According to WTSP, as the officer wrote out a citation, Greene got into his vehicle and sped off, almost hitting her car. Failure to stop: Shonn Greene, Tennessee Titans running back, twice did not stop for a parking enforcement officer trying to issue a citation for parking in a handicapped spot . The officer followed the Titans player and when he stopped in traffic she attempted to hand the citation to Greene, who again ignored her, according to Franklin police Sgt Charles Warner. Avoided: Franklin police said that Greene was facing a $51 citation before he sped off, almost striking the parking enforcement officer's vehicle . 'This whole thing could have been avoided if Greene would have simply left that handicapped parking space available for whom it was intended,' said Warner. 'Even after getting caught illegally parking there, all he had to do was talk to the parking enforcement officer about the $51 citation she was writing him,' he added. After the second attempt, Greene was charged with misdemeanors of driving on a suspended license, reckless driving, failure to stop/halt/frisk and illegal parking. The player surrendered on Friday after learning there were multiple warrants out for his arrest. He was released on $2,000 bail and will face a court appearance November 13. The Tennessee Titans released a statement on Saturday that the team had spoken with Greene about the incident. 'This is not the type of behavior we expect from any member of our organization,' the statement read. 'We will continue to gather additional information as it becomes available and handle the matter internally.' Greene has spent the last two weeks nursing a hamstring injury, but his return for Sunday's game against the Houston Texans was 'probable' according to the team's injury report. Running: Greene is currently second among Titans running backs, with 44 carries totaling 190 yards this season . The former New York Jets running back is second on the Titans in rushing this season, with 190 yards on 44 tries with one touchdown.
highlights: Tennessee's Shonn Greene had parked in a handicap parking space and was approached by a parking enforcement officer Friday afternoon . The officer wrote him a citation, but Greene sped off, almost striking her vehicle . She caught up to him in traffic and he again refused the citation . Multiple warrants were issued for his arrest and he surrendered Friday evening .
id: bb094e2248e9597fe303a8e8b918eda6b8b0af34
chatgpt: Tennessee Titans running back Shonn Greene made headlines on Friday afternoon after he was caught parking in a handicap parking space. According to reports, Greene was approached by a parking enforcement officer who proceeded to write him a citation. However, instead of accepting the ticket and moving on, Greene reportedly sped off, nearly striking the officer's vehicle in the process. The incident didn't end there. The parking enforcement officer was able to catch up to Greene in traffic, at which point he once again refused to accept the citation. As a result, multiple warrants were issued for his arrest. The situation didn't end until Friday evening, when Greene finally surrendered to authorities. It's unclear why Greene chose to ignore the citation and speed off. The Titans have yet to comment on the situation, and Greene himself has yet to issue a statement explaining his actions. It's worth noting that parking in a handicap parking space without a proper permit is a serious offense. It's not only disrespectful to those who actually need the space, but it can also result in hefty fines and even the revocation of driving privileges. Greene isn't the only NFL player who has gotten into trouble for disregarding the rules of the road. In fact, it's become somewhat of a trend in recent years. Just last year, Arizona Cardinals linebacker Chandler Jones was arrested after he was found passed out in his car at a drive-thru. And in 2017, former Tennessee Titans player Michael Oher was cited for driving with an expired license and crashing into an embankment. Of course, not all NFL players are reckless when it comes to driving. Many are model citizens both on and off the field, using their platform to make a positive impact on their communities. It's unfortunate that a few bad apples can overshadow the good work that so many others are doing. As for Shonn Greene, it remains to be seen what his punishment will be for his recent transgression. It's possible that he'll simply receive a fine and a slap on the wrist, but it's also possible that the incident could have long-term consequences for his career. Only time will tell.