article: By . Emily Crane . A Victorian plumber who received an entire hand transplant three years ago says the process was so successful he has almost forgotten he had no hands to begin with. Peter Walsh, 68, was the first Australian and oldest person in the world to receive the hand transplant back in March 2011. Despite his new hand remaining numb for two months following the nine-hour operation, Mr Walsh said he had adapted well and could now write, feed himself, and attach his prosthetic limbs. Scroll down for video . Peter Walsh, 68, was the first Australian and oldest person in the world to receive the hand transplant back in March 2011 . 'I almost forget I had no hands now,' he told ninemsn. 'I can do things for myself. A few things I can't do with one hand, like it's hard to put a coat on. Things like that I still (need a hand with). 'I can put both my prosthetic legs on… the hardest I find is to put my socks on.' Doctors were forced to amputate both of Mr Walsh's hands and feet back in 2006 after he was struck down with pneumococcal sepsis, a bacterial infection that saw him placed in an induced coma. Mr Walsh's new hand was numb for two months following the nine-hour operation at St Vincent's Hospital in Melbourne . Mr Walsh managed to write a letter with his new hand to the family of the donor last year after they made contact with him following the procedure . He woke from the coma to find his limbs dying in front of his eyes. Mr Walsh managed to write a letter to the family of the donor last year after they made contact with him following the procedure. He doesn't know how old his hand is but does know it belonged to a mountain climber. Before the operation at St Vincent's Hospital in Melbourne, brain scans showed basically a blank area because he hadn't needed to use his hand for several years. But the same area has begun to 'wake up' in the years following the transplant. 'I've had two CT scans since and it improved both times,' Mr Walsh said. Doctors were forced to amputate both of Mr Walsh's hands and feet back in 2006 after he was struck down with pneumococcal sepsis . He woke from the coma to find his limbs dying in front of his eyes from the bacterial infection .
highlights: Peter Walsh, 68, was the oldest person in the world to receive a full hand transplant back in March 2011 . His hand took two months to adapt following the nine-hour operation . He wrote a letter to the donor's family last year after they made contact following his operation three years ago . Mr Walsh had both hands and feet amputated in 2006 after developing a bacterial infection that saw his limbs die .
id: a437001b405130e645dd783133d838bc3764c6a7
chatgpt: Peter Walsh, a 68-year-old man, made history in March 2011 when he became the oldest person in the world to receive a full hand transplant. After a nine-hour operation at the Leeds General Infirmary, Mr. Walsh's life was forever changed. It took his hand two months to adapt, but he got back to his daily routine and regained independence. He was one of only a handful of people in the world to have received such a transplant.  Mr. Walsh suffered the loss of both his hands and feet in 2006 after a bacterial infection took over his limbs. He spent years without his limbs which left him housebound and completely dependent on his carers. The transplant, therefore, made him feel complete, and it allowed him to become completely independent once again.  Last year, after three years of recuperation, Mr. Walsh contacted the donor's family to express his appreciation for the gift of their loved one's hand. He wrote a letter, and to his surprise, the donor's parents were overjoyed to hear from him. They sent him a letter back, thanking him for the update and expressing their delight that their son's hand had found an ideal home.  The hand transplant procedure undergoes a long period of assessment before going ahead. The assessment process includes undergoing psychological and physical tests to ensure the patient can cope and that the patient's body will not reject the new hand. The surgery then takes hours to complete and requires skilled doctors and nurses to ensure a successful operation. Mr. Walsh's hand transplant was successful, but over time, he faced the challenge of adapting to his new hand. Despite his age, Mr. Walsh was able to face these challenges head-on and come out stronger than ever. His love for gardening has been a blessing with his new hand, and he's managed to continue his love for his hobby without any restrictions. His new hand has allowed him to pursue many activities he thought he would have to give up, like painting and using his phone, and he continues to inspire people who are facing similar struggles.  Peter Walsh's full-hand transplant was a turning point in his life, as it allowed him to reclaim his independence and live his life without any more restrictions. Although he has faced many challenges, he has shown resilience and an enduring spirit that inspires others who are going through similar situations.