article: Rangers striker Nicky Clark insists he will react in the right way after losing his place to Kenny Miller. Despite being the Ibrox side's most consistent performer over the last two months, the former Queen of the South hitman was dropped for Saturday's 6-1 win over Raith Rovers. He was back in Ally McCoist's line-up for the straightforward 2-0 win over East Fife at New Bay View in Tuesday night's Petrofac Training Cup quarter-final. Nicky Clark (centre) has started the season well but did not start in Rangers' win on Saturday against Raith . The striker (centre) returned for Tuesday's Petrofac Training Cup 2-0 quarter-final  win against East Fife . But he can expect to find himself back on the bench for next Saturday's Scottish Championship clash at Dumbarton, with Miller now fully recovered from the calf tear which kept him out of action for six weeks. However, Clark insists he is not the type to go in a huff. He said: 'I'm up for the challenge. You need to be if you are playing for a club like Rangers. 'All the boys are doing well and scoring goals, so I just need to keep my head down, keep working hard and when my chance comes, make sure I take it. Kenny Miller replaced Clark against Raith and scored in the comprehensive 6-1 win . 'I was a wee bit disappointed not to start at the weekend but any player will feel the same when you are doing well. 'Kenny and Kris Boyd are experienced players and the manager knows what he's getting from them. 'I've been happy with the way I have been playing and the team was doing well during that period, picking up some good results. Clark hopes he can persuade Rangers manager Ally McCoist to give him more game time in the coming months . 'So yeah I was disappointed not to play against Raith but we have got loads of really good players at this club with a lot of international caps. You have got to expect that they will come in ahead of you at times and play. 'What's important is how you react to being left out.' Goals from Jon Daly and Ian Black confirmed the victory in Methill and set-up a semi-final clash with Alloa.
highlights: Nicky Clark has made a good start to the season and scored three goals . The striker was dropped for Rangers' 6-1 win over Raith Rovers on Saturday . He has pledged to fight Kenny Miller to be the Gers' first-choice frontman .
id: 56631225b3c05d163f7c50d0cab5c328cc216e85
chatgpt: Scottish football fans are buzzing with excitement as Nicky Clark, the forward for the Rangers Football Club, is showing great form in the start of this season. With three goals already to his name, Clark has been a major contributor to the Rangers' success. However, his recent benching in the team's 6-1 victory over Raith Rovers has left many wondering what the future holds for the talented striker. In a recent interview, Clark expressed his disappointment over being left out of the starting line-up. He made it clear that he was eager to fight for the position of first-choice frontman in the Rangers' squad. The player revealed his frustration regarding his situation stating, "It's never fun being on the bench, but I will keep working hard and make sure that the manager has no choice but to put me in the starting line-up." Despite Clark's disappointment, his contribution to the Rangers' team has not gone unnoticed. He is focusing on continuing his impressive start to the season by putting in the extra effort during his training sessions at the club. Clark's current competition in the hunt to be Rangers' top striker comes in the form of Kenny Miller. The veteran forward has a wealth of experience behind him, having played for some of the biggest clubs in Scotland throughout his career. However, with Clark's youthful exuberance and natural goal-scoring ability, he will give Miller a run for his money in the fight for the leading striker role. It seems that the competition between the two players will be intense this season, as both are determined to prove themselves as the best striker on the team. While Miller boasts an impressive record, Clark's performances so far this season prove that he is capable of stepping up to the challenge. For fans of the Rangers Football Club, the upcoming games promise to be exciting as they wait to see who will come out on top in the competition between Clark and Miller. With both players vying to be the leading front man, the Ibrox Stadium will be full of tension as they compete for starting spots in the squad. The Rangers' coach will have some tough decisions to make, but no matter who emerges as the first-choice frontman, fans will be eager to see them in action in the upcoming matches.