article: A  woman has been found guilty of murdering her baby who she mistakenly believed had dwarfism and did not fit in with her 'obsession with perfection'. The six-month-old baby girl was discovered by paramedics floating face down in the bathtub of her home in Sydney's inner west, on November 18, 2010. The Sydney mother, who cannot be identified, was deemed unfit to stand trial and had faced a special hearing earlier in the Supreme Court this month. But in a marathon judgment handed down today, Justice Geoffrey Bellew found that although the mother was clearly suffering some disturbance of the mind at the time of the girl's death, he said it was not at a level that stopped her functioning. Instead, he found she had murdered the baby girl by intentionally drowning her. A Sydney woman has been found guilty of murdering her baby who she mistakenly believed had dwarfism (file picture) Describing the 39-year-old as a mother 'obsessed with perfection', the court heard she had raised concerns with doctors soon after the girl's birth about skin tags on her ears. Noticing some possible limb shortening, the pediatrician tested for achondroplasia, the medical term for dwarfism. The tests came back negative. Despite further testing and repeated assurances by doctors over the following months that the girl was healthy and 'normal', the mother became increasingly anxious that she was 'seeing the signs of a dwarf'. To friends, the mother confided she 'didn't want her perfect husband and perfect life' to be ruined by the baby and that it was likely the girl would need 'head surgery'. Two days before the murder, she told a friend she wanted to be 'rid' of her baby by jumping off a cliff with her or 'throwing her in a bin'. The court heard she raised concerns with doctors about the baby's skin but tests revealed she was healthy (file picture) Justice Bellew said those statements, in combination with a raft of other circumstantial evidence, had led him to dismiss the mother's claim her baby had fallen out of her bath seat into the water and drowned in a 'tragic accident'. He also dismissed the alternative partial defences to murder of infanticide and substantial impairment. The woman, who at times raised her arms in objection and at other points cried throughout the judgment, remained expressionless as her bail was revoked and she was taken into custody for the first time. The matter was referred to the Mental Health Review Tribunal and will return to court later this month to discuss what the mother's limiting term should be. A limiting term represents the maximum amount of time she could be detained.
highlights: Sydney woman has been found guilty of murdering her daughter . The mother mistakenly believed her toddler had a genetic defect . She raised concerns with doctors after birth about baby's skin, court heard . Following months of tests, the girl was healthy and 'normal' Paramedics found the baby girl floating face down in bathtub of her home . Mother had murdered the baby by intentionally drowning her, Justice said .
id: 6de7a6a26f3f06a18d3a5c7386d661a3393438a3
chatgpt: A Sydney woman has been found guilty of murdering her daughter after mistakenly believing that her toddler had a genetic defect. The mother, who had raised concerns with doctors about her baby's skin following the birth, was told after months of tests that the girl was healthy and "normal". Despite this, paramedics found the baby girl floating face down in the bathtub of her home. The mother had murdered her daughter by intentionally drowning her, according to the justice presiding over the case. The case has shocked the local community and raised questions about the pressures faced by new mothers. Experts have warned of the dangers of postpartum depression and the need for better support for new parents. The accused, who cannot be named for legal reasons, had pleaded not guilty to the charges. However, the evidence presented in court was overwhelming. The prosecution argued that the mother had become fixated on the idea that her baby had a defect and had carried out the murder in a state of delusion. The defense had argued that the mother was suffering from postpartum depression and that this had clouded her judgment. However, the jury ultimately found her guilty of the charges of murder. Sentencing has not yet been announced, but the judge has indicated that a significant term of imprisonment is likely. The family of the victim, who had named the baby after a beloved family member, has expressed their devastation at the loss. The case has once again highlighted the importance of early intervention for parents who may be struggling with postpartum depression or other mental health issues. Health experts have stressed the need for better education for parents, as well as improved access to mental health services. The trial has also sparked a wider debate about the pressures faced by new mothers in modern society. Many have argued that the expectations placed on mothers to be perfect caregivers can be overwhelming, particularly in the age of social media. Whatever the underlying causes, the loss of a young child is a tragedy that no family should have to endure. The outcome of this trial will not bring the little girl back, but it may help to prevent similar tragedies in the future by raising awareness of the need for support for new parents.