article: By . Nick Mcdermott . PUBLISHED: . 18:56 EST, 20 March 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 18:57 EST, 20 March 2013 . An end to the ban on hunting with dogs has been called for by Environment Secretary Owen Paterson. Speaking in an interview, he said ‘no-one is more keen than me to see the Hunting Act repealed because I believe in the management of wildlife’. Last year, Mr Paterson, 56, said he was not expecting a vote on the issue in 2013, because it was clear the Government would lose. But speaking to Country Life magazine, he made his views on the controversial matter perfectly clear.Hunting with dogs was outlawed by Labour in 2005. Stance: Environment Secretary Owen Paterson has called for the ban on hunting with dogs to be scrapped . But in their 2010 manifesto, the Conservatives promised a free Parliamentary vote on whether to overturn the ban, but many doubt it will happen because of Liberal Democrat opposition. A keen rider, Mr Paterson, the Tory MP for North Shropshire, is seen as the Cabinet’s leading supporter of hunting and other country sports. To the delight of the farming community, he has controversially given the go-ahead for two pilot badger culls later this year, despite widespread opposition from conservationists and wildlife charities. Speaking on the issue, he said: ‘You’re talking to the only MP who had a pet badger as a child, but in October [when the cull was first postponed], the situation was being portrayed as an either-or-vaccine or cull - and I was a bloodthirsty idiot. Hunt: Mr Paterson says the ban should be repealed because he believes in 'the management of wildlife' ‘The vaccine is 10 years away and we’re heading for total costs to the taxpayer of £1billion. We all respect the science, and the best examples of that is how culling has worked in Ireland-where the disease is at an all-time low-New Zealand, Australia and America.’ He has also come out as keen proponent of genetically-modified (GM) crops and argues they should be sold in Europe, despite consumers concerns about ‘Frankenstein foods’. It is understood he has the firm backing of Chancellor George Osborne, who believes GM food could provide opportunities for British farmers. The Environment Secretary says culling has worked in Ireland and other developed countries . But the Mail has highlighted concerns over GM-foods for years - dismissed by Mr Paterson as ‘complete nonsense’ - amid fears that tampering with their genes could damage natural ecosystems or even affect human health. Mr Paterson yesterday vowed to fight to wean farmers off subsidies as part of a massive overhaul of Europe’s costly agriculture policy. After late-night talks in Brussels, Mr Paterson has called for a reduction on EU support in a bid to make the sector more competitive. He said: ‘I’m pressing for further progress towards an open market that makes farmers less dependent on subsidies.’ The full interview appears in this week’s Country Life.
highlights: Owen Paterson says he believes ban should be overturned . Also expresses support for managing animal levels . Reveals in interview that he is a proponent of GM crops .
id: f42b2ccc512360ea6ba70690d30d734345de32ab
chatgpt: Former UK Environment Secretary Owen Paterson has stated that he believes the ban on genetically modified (GM) crops in the country should be overturned. In an interview with the Farming Life newspaper, Paterson expressed his disapproval of the UK's “costly and unnecessary regime” against GM crops. He claimed that "there’s absolutely no reason why we can't have the choice of GM crops” and that using the technology would lead to improvements in crop yields and a reduction in pesticide use.  The ban on the cultivation of GM crops in the UK was introduced in 1998 in response to public concerns about the potential environmental and health risks posed by genetically modified organisms. However, many farmers argue that the technology offers a way to improve agricultural productivity while reducing the impact on the environment. Paterson believes that the decision to ban GM crops was driven by politics rather than science and that there has been a lack of public engagement on the issue. In the interview, Paterson also voiced his support for managing animal levels, arguing that there is a need for a balance between animal welfare and economic viability. He stated that “if you have too many animals on the land, then you start causing problems”, such as soil erosion and pollution. However, he also acknowledged that reducing animal numbers could have significant economic costs for farmers, and that any policy changes must be implemented with care. Paterson's stance on GM crops is not new, having previously been a vocal supporter of the technology during his time as Environment Secretary. However, his comments may reignite the debate over the use of GM crops in the UK, which has been a contentious issue for many years. Critics of GM crops argue that there is still too much uncertainty around the long-term effects of the technology on human health and the environment. They also argue that the technology could lead to increased reliance on corporate control of the food system and further entrench existing power imbalances in the industry. However, proponents of GM crops argue that the technology is safe and has been shown to reduce the need for pesticides, which can be harmful to both humans and the environment. Despite the controversy surrounding GM technology, Paterson's comments will likely add to the calls for a re-examination of the UK's GM regulations. With Brexit looming, there is a sense among some in the agricultural industry that the UK could be left behind if it does not embrace new technologies such as GM crops. In his interview with Farming Life, Paterson also highlighted the potential benefits of GM crops from a global perspective, arguing that the technology could help to feed a growing global population while reducing the impact of agriculture on the environment. "We're going to have nine billion people by 2050, and we’re going to have to do something about it, otherwise there won't be enough food", he stated. Overall, Paterson's comments on GM crops and animal levels highlight the ongoing debates and challenges facing the farming industry. While some argue that GM technology offers a way to boost productivity and tackle global challenges such as food insecurity, others remain wary of the potential risks and call for caution in any policy changes.