article: Manny Pacquiao has offered to pay Floyd Mayweather Jnr $5million (£3.2m) if he fails a drug test in the build up to their proposed £200m mega-fight. Pacquiao, who also revealed the fight is close to being announced, has agreed to Mayweather's strict, Olympic-style testing. Mayweather is expected to announce that he will face the Filipino star in Las Vegas on May 2. Floyd Mayweather was at the NBA All-Star weekend as the world waits for him to announce his fight . Mayweather is set to face his long-time rival Pacquiao on May 2 at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas . '(The fight) is near. The negotiations are nearly finished,' Pacquiao told reporters on Monday during a break from parliament in his homeland. 'We agreed that this fight has to happen. We are ironing out the kinks. He (Mayweather) said he wants the fight to push through. 'We agreed to their [drug-testing] demand. In fact, I suggested a $5m fine if I test positive for drugs.' The same sanction would apply if Mayweather failed a test. Until now, the closest Mayweather and Pacquiao came to clambering through the ropes of the same ring was in 2010 when contracts were drawn up. But Pacquiao refused to commit to a drug-testing regime overseen by the United States Anti-Doping Association (USADA) which would involve taking blood and urine samples at random right up until the day of the fight. Mayweather last fought when he beat Marcos Maidana in their rematch last September . Mayweather and Pacquiao have been negotiating since they came face-to-face on a basketball court . He was prepared to provide urine samples at any time but wanted three set days to give blood; one in January, one no more than 30 days before the fight, and one immediately after the fight. Pacquiao was concerned that a blood test so close to the contest would weaken him, having blamed his 2005 defeat by Erik Morales on having to give blood two days beforehand. The chances of two of the best boxers in the world finally touching gloves were enhanced last month when they came face-to-face at a basketball match in Miami. Mayweather later spent more than an hour in Pacquiao's hotel suite in a bid to thrash out the finer details although no official announcement has been forthcoming. Mayweather said on Sunday that neither fighter had signed a contract but that he was 'hopeful' the fight would happen. Pacquiao was last in action when he dominated Chris Algieri over 12 rounds in Macau last November .
highlights: Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao are close to agreeing their fight . The £200m mega-fight would take place in Las Vegas on May 2 . Pacquiao has offered to pay a $5m fine if he fails a drug test . The Filipino refused to adhere to Mayweather's testing regime in 2010 . CLICK HERE for all the latest boxing news .
id: a6b38e39c20268c49446b42b59b2add601eba7bb
chatgpt: Floyd Mayweather Jr. and Manny Pacquiao, two of the most high-profile boxers in history, are reportedly close to finalizing a £200m mega-fight that has been in the works for years. According to insiders familiar with the ongoing negotiations, the fight is set to take place in Las Vegas on May 2nd. Rumours of this potential bout have been circulating for years, but serious discussions between the two fighters and their respective management teams began in early 2021. Despite the significant hurdles that have previously prevented the fight from taking place, it appears that both parties are now intent on facing off in the ring. One sticking point in the negotiations had been Mayweather's insistence that Pacquiao adhere to a rigorous drug testing regimen, but it seems that the Filipino fighter has finally acquiesced to those demands. As part of the proposed agreement, Pacquiao has offered to pay a $5m fine if he fails a drug test. This is a significant concession, as Pacquiao refused to comply with Mayweather's testing requirements during their earlier negotiations in 2010. Assuming the fight goes ahead as planned, it is likely to be one of the biggest events in both fighters' careers. Mayweather, who is now 44 years old, has a perfect professional record of 50-0, and is widely regarded as one of the greatest boxers of all time. Pacquiao, meanwhile, is a former eight-division world champion, and has won titles in multiple weight divisions. There is significant interest in the fight from fans around the world, with many expecting it to be one of the highest-grossing fights in history. Both fighters have a massive global following, and the prospect of seeing them face off in the ring is mouth-watering for many boxing enthusiasts. Of course, there are still a few hurdles to clear before the fight becomes official. Both fighters and their team will need to agree on the specific details of the bout, including the purse split and the testing protocols. However, with negotiations reportedly in their final stages, it seems that the fight is closer than ever to becoming a reality. Many analysts believe that this fight is long overdue, and that it has the potential to be one of the greatest boxing matches of all time. Whether it lives up to those lofty expectations remains to be seen, but one thing is for sure: if Floyd Mayweather Jr. and Manny Pacquiao finally do face off on May 2nd, it will be one of the most anticipated sporting events in recent memory. Fans of both fighters are eagerly waiting for confirmation of the fight, and are already speculating about who will emerge victorious. For those interested in keeping up with the latest news on this story, be sure to follow our website for updates.