article: By . Glen Owen . Boris Johnson should be handed a Commons seat in time for the 2015 Election if David Cameron is to stand any chance of winning a majority, a Tory MP today argues in The Mail on Sunday. Nadine Dorries said that the Conservatives’ poor showing in Thursday’s Wythenshawe by-election – the party was pushed into third place by UKIP – demonstrated the need to bring the  London Mayor on board. Ms Dorries, writing in this paper, makes the point by likening Mr Johnson to a famous beer advert. ‘Boris is our Heineken,’ the Mid Bedfordsire MP says. Boris Johnson is the Tory party's secret weapon, according to commentator Nadine Dorries, who argues that he should be made deputy PM should the Conservative party win the next election . ‘He reaches parts of the electorate other politicians fail to reach. Traditional Conservatives, women, Northerners and floating voters love him.’ Ms Dorries goes on to call Mr Johnson the ‘secret weapon’ who could ensure victory for Mr Cameron – and that he should then be rewarded with the job of Deputy Prime Minister. ‘Boris . . . is the only Conservative . to have won a major election in 22 years. We are months away from the . Euro elections and the party should have him out there on our screens,’ Ms Dorries writes. Boris Johnson can reach areas of the public that the Tory party cannot usually reach, it has been claimed: An acquired taste . ‘The truth is that Boris in a Westminster seat and on the campaign trail is a win-win for both men [Cameron and Johnson] and the entire country. It should be their  selfless, ambition-free duty to make it happen. ‘If the Conservative Party does not win the next Election, then Cameron will stand down as leader. It is inconceivable that there would be a leadership election without the people’s favourite politician... To be part of that process, he needs to become an MP during or before 2015.’ Ms Dorries adds: ‘If Cameron does win a majority, which is much more likely with Boris at his side, then we can rejoice in having a Deputy Prime Minister who wants to control the power of the unions.’ Last week Mr Johnson addressed a private meeting of Tory backbenchers with the smallest majorities who  want to broaden the party’s electoral appeal. Mr Johnson said the Tories must ‘own housing’ as an issue to win the next Election. He also told them the Tories  needed to make gains in the Midlands and North of England to triumph in 2015. One Tory MP who attended the meeting was quoted as saying: ‘You don’t need to be a chief code-cracker . . . to work out the meaning in Boris’s words. He was saying I won two elections in London and, in the same way, there should be no “no-go areas”  in the rest of the country.’
highlights: Boris is popular with Northerners and women, according to Dorries . 'Boris Johnson is the only conservative to have won a major election' Dorries claims that Johnson is the Tory party's secret weapon .
id: 3e41489ede3687a9de9495b07972608183137793
chatgpt: According to Conservative Party MP, Nadine Dorries, Boris Johnson is the secret weapon behind the Tory party's success. Dorries, who is serving as the Culture Minister in the UK government, claimed that Johnson is the only Conservative politician who has won a major election, which makes him a popular figure among Northerners and women in the United Kingdom. During an interview with The Spectator, Dorries praised the appeal of Johnson, stating that "Boris is the only Conservative to have won a major election, and it is hard to argue with that. He speaks to people in a way that makes them feel he understands what they are going through. And, he has a massive appeal with women.” Indeed, Boris Johnson has been a popular figure among women voters, who have been largely responsible for his victories in both the 2008 and 2012 London mayoral elections. His personable nature and witty sense of humor have appealed to many female voters in the UK, who have been drawn to his charismatic personality. Johnson has also been praised for his popularity among voters in the North of England, a region which has traditionally been an area of support for the Labour party. However, in the last general election, the Conservatives made significant gains in the North, with Johnson playing a key role in the party's success. His support for Brexit and his pledge to boost investment in the region resonated with voters, who gave him a resounding victory. Dorries believes that Johnson will continue to be the Conservative party's secret weapon in the run-up to the next general election, which is expected to take place in 2024. However, she also acknowledged that there are significant challenges facing the government, particularly in the wake of the Covid-19 pandemic. She stressed the importance of addressing issues such as the economy, healthcare, and social inequality, which will require careful planning and investment. Despite these challenges, Dorries remained optimistic about the future, stating that the government is committed to delivering a better future for all UK citizens. "We have a huge job ahead of us, but I believe that we have the talent, the vision, and the determination to succeed," she said. Indeed, with the support of figures such as Boris Johnson, the Conservative party is well-positioned to achieve further success in the years to come. Johnson's popularity among Northerners and women, along with his track record of electoral success, make him a valuable asset to the government, and one that is sure to continue to play a key role in shaping the future of the UK in the years ahead.