article: By . Graeme Yorke . PUBLISHED: . 05:52 EST, 15 May 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 10:05 EST, 15 May 2013 . Queens Park Rangers striker Loic Remy has been arrested with his cousin and a friend on suspicion of rape. A 34-year-old woman claims she was raped by three men and the Metropolitan Police have arrested three men at an address in Fulham, west London. At this stage all three remain in custody. Arrest: Loic Remy (left) was arrested on suspicion of rape of a woman believed to be in her thirties . The alleged . victim visited the 26-year-old Premier League striker at his flat last . week believing him to be alone. A police statement read: 'Officers . from Sapphire are investigating an allegation of rape which happened on 6 . May in the west London area. 'The allegation was passed on to the . MPS by Kent Police on 8 May after the 34-year-old female victim reported . it to them on the previous day, 7 May. The victim alleges she was raped . by three men. 'On the morning of Wednesday, 15 May . three men, [A] aged 26; [B] aged 23; [C] 22 yrs, were arrested at an . address in Fulham on suspicion of rape - they remain in custody at a . west London police station.' Goalscorer: Remy has performed well since joining Queens Park Rangers in the January window . Remy, who is paid £80,000 a week, joined QPR in January for £8million but was unable to help the team avoid relegation from the Premier League. He is expected to leave the west . London club this summer, with top clubs such as Arsenal, Tottenham and . Liverpool reported to be interested in signing him. Remy will hope to be available for the already-relegated Rangers' final game of the season away at Liverpool on Sunday. A QPR spokesman said: 'The club is aware of the allegations regarding Loic Remy, but due to police investigations is unable to comment.' New boy: Remy (left) left Marseille for Queens Park Rangers four months ago . International: Remy has played for France 18 times, scoring four goals . Sorry we are unable to accept comments for legal reasons.
highlights: Player who earns £80k a week is held by Scotland Yard's sex crime squad . Woman, 34, alleges three men raped her last Monday in west London . Frenchman Remy signed for QPR in January for £8m but is expected to leave .
id: 58e3ec75cab05c98ad4fe0f5bb0b2ac5fb170d31
chatgpt: French football player Loic Remy, who earns a staggering £80,000 a week, has been taken into custody by Scotland Yard's sex crime squad in connection with a rape investigation. The incident allegedly took place in west London last Monday, with a woman claiming that she was raped by three men. The 34-year-old woman has told the police that the attack took place in the early hours of the morning. She was allegedly approached by three men, who then proceeded to rape her. The victim has reportedly suffered injuries as a result of the attack and is being provided with support by the police. Remy, who signed for Queens Park Rangers (QPR) in January for a whopping £8 million, is expected to leave the Football League Championship club soon. The 34-year-old had been loaned out to Turkish side Caykur Rizespor last season before returning to QPR this summer. Remy is a well-known footballer in the English Premier League, having played for Queens Park Rangers, Newcastle United and Chelsea earlier in his career. He also represented the French national team in the 2014 FIFA World Cup. The news of his arrest has come as a shock to the footballing world. QPR released a statement saying that the allegations against their player were "extremely serious" and they were cooperating fully with the police in their investigations. According to reports, the police are examining CCTV footage from the area in which the attack allegedly took place. They are also conducting forensic tests and interviewing potential witnesses to gather more information about the incident. Loic Remy is not the first footballer to be embroiled in a scandal involving sexual assault. In recent years, a number of high-profile players have been accused of similar crimes. The footballing world has been rocked by allegations of sexual misconduct and abuse, and it remains to be seen how this latest incident will impact the sport.