article: By . Daniel Mills . A Queensland prison boss whose affair with a junior female colleague was sensationally outed on Facebook has quit his post following the scandal. Andrew Pike, the General Manager of Stuart Prison in Townsville, resigned last week amid allegations he was involved in an affair with 23-year-old clerk Samantha Wallis, who works for Queensland Corrective Services with both Mr Pike and his wife. Details of the jailhouse affair were publicised on Facebook by Ms Wallis' jilted ex-fiance Nick Billing, who said he 'wanted the world' to know about his former lover's secrete dalliance with Mr Pike. Outed: The former boss of a Queensland prison, Andrew Pike, quit in disgust over allegations he was having an affair with a much younger female staff member . It sparked a six-month investigation by Queensland Corrective Services, and follows a number of previous allegations into prison officers having sex with inmates and offers of sexual favours in return for money or drugs. There's no suggestion Mr Pike is involved with any other investigation. Mr Billing wrote how his ex-lover was 'sleeping with her boss at Townsville Correctional Centre Andrew Pike for the last few months.' He said while he usually wouldn't put a post of that nature on Facebook, this was perfect opportunity to out the pair. Wanted the world to know: Nick Billing posted the message (right) about his former-fiance Samantha Wallis, 23, (left) to Facebook the moment he found out about the alleged affair . A corrective services officer told the Courier Mail resigning was the former prison boss's only realistic option. 'It is not a good look when the boss man is caught with his pants down — let alone named and shamed on Facebook,' he said. More... 'I hope it means you have assaulted your last child': An open letter to Hey Dad! actor Robert Hughes from an accuser . Fears for public safety as ministers admit one in 10 criminals kept in minimum security open prisons is a convicted murderer . He said as the 'governor of the jail', a man who was in a position of 'authority and trust', he should have known better. Queensland Corrective Services released a statement to which stated the investigation into Mr Pikes' conduct had now closed, following his resignation. He has since taken up a managerial position with the Northern Territory prison system while Ms Wallis has kept hers.
highlights: Affair with female staffer was outed on social media by jilted ex-lover . Andrew Pike's wife was also working at prison when affair with 23-year-old Samantha Wallis was outed . A colleague of Mr Pike's said he 'had no option' but to resign .
id: fd0da99248b5550a5a588a9e15d49969e14b16d1
chatgpt: Andrew Pike, a prominent prison officer in the UK, has resigned from his job after information about his affair with a junior colleague was made public by a jilted ex-lover on social media. The affair with 23-year-old Samantha Wallis came to light when Pike's wife was also found to be working at the same prison. According to a source who wished to remain anonymous, Pike's ex-lover was furious when she discovered that he had been cheating on her with Wallis. In a fit of anger, she decided to publicly disclose all the details of their affair on social media. The news of the scandal quickly spread and reached the higher-ups at the prison, prompting an investigation into the matter. The investigation revealed that Pike had indeed been involved in an inappropriate relationship with Wallis, who was his junior colleague. Pike's wife was also working at the same prison at the time, making the situation even more complicated. A colleague of Pike's spoke to the media about the situation, stating that he "had no option" but to resign. The colleague went on to describe Pike as a respected figure within the prison system who had made a grave error in judgment. Pike himself has not spoken publicly about the matter, but it is understood that he has taken full responsibility for his actions and regrets the harm that has been caused to those around him. His resignation from the prison has been accepted by the authorities and his future in the field remains uncertain. The scandal has caused significant embarrassment for the prison system at a time when it is already under immense pressure due to the COVID-19 pandemic. It has raised questions about the conduct of those in positions of authority and the need for greater accountability within the system. In response to the scandal, the Ministry of Justice has pledged to review its policies and procedures around workplace relationships to ensure that situations like this do not happen again in the future. It remains to be seen what action, if any, will be taken against Pike and Wallis, but it is clear that this scandal will have a lasting impact on all those involved.