article: BERLIN, Germany (CNN) -- A German cruise liner said Tuesday it plans to fly its passengers over the Gulf of Aden, instead of sailing them through, out of fear of pirate attacks in the region. U.S. Navy image of pirates operating off coast of Somalia in October this year. Hapag-Lloyd Cruises said all 246 passengers and most of the crew aboard the MS Columbus, currently at the start of an around-the-world cruise, will disembark at an undisclosed port, then fly to Dubai to continue their journey. The company called the move a precautionary measure. Pirate attacks in the waters off Somalia have shot up this year, with pirates staging increasingly bolder attacks on ever-bigger targets. So far this year, pirates have attacked almost 100 vessels off Somalia's coast and successfully hijacked nearly 40, according to the International Maritime Bureau. Freight and cargo ships, cruise liners, and private yachts have all come under attack. In many hijackings, pirates take the crew and passengers hostage while they demand a ransom. The problem has forced companies like Hapag-Lloyd, that use the Gulf of Aden, to make new plans, including stepping up security or changing their routes. One shipping company announced last month it would bypass the region altogether, sailing instead around the Cape of Good Hope and adding thousands of kilometers to its voyages. Read more about how to solve the pirate problem here. Hapag-Lloyd said a general travel warning for the area, issued by the German Foreign Ministry, played a part in the decision. But the company also said it had asked the German government for naval protection and the request was turned down. Representatives of Hapag-Lloyd and the German Defense Ministry could not immediately be reached for further comment. The passengers on board the Columbus began the first leg of their world cruise November 28 in Genoa, Italy and are due in Dubai on December 17, according to Hapag-Lloyd's Web site. Further stops include Singapore, Bali, Indonesia and Sydney, Australia. Hapag-Lloyd said that after the passengers and most of the crew disembark, the Columbus will sail through the Gulf of Aden with a skeleton staff. The passengers will stay in a five-star hotel in Dubai for three days until the Columbus arrives to take them back onboard, the company said. Both the crew and passengers approve of the safety measure, Hapag-Lloyd said. The U.S. State Department and British Foreign Office advise those traveling near the Somali coast to use extreme caution because of the recent pirate attacks. Last week, the Australian government issued a similar warning about travel to the region. The advice also urged Australian ships "to apply a robust and layered protective security regime" when traveling through the area. -- CNN's Frederik Pleitgen contributed to this report.
highlights: Passengers will fly to Dubai to continue their journey . Hapag-Lloyd: Involves 246 passengers, most of crew aboard MS Columbus . Prompted by travel warning for the area issued by German Foreign Ministry . United States, UK advise those traveling near Somali coast to use extreme caution .
id: a885e9c07273094ac3bd8ba156012187205b25f5
chatgpt: Hapag-Lloyd, a major German cruise company, has announced that it will reroute its MS Columbus ship to Dubai after the German Foreign Ministry issued a travel warning for the region. The move affected 246 passengers and a majority of the ship's crew. The decision came after the United States and the United Kingdom advised those traveling near the Somali coast to use extreme caution. The MS Columbus was scheduled to travel from Aqaba, Jordan to Salalah, Oman before continuing on to Dubai. However, due to the security risk in the region, Hapag-Lloyd decided to cancel the remaining portion of the itinerary and will fly the passengers to Dubai to continue their journey. Passengers aboard the MS Columbus have expressed mixed emotions about the decision. Some were disappointed to miss out on visiting Salalah, a popular tourist destination known for its beaches and historical sites. Others were relieved to avoid traveling through potentially dangerous waters. Hapag-Lloyd has assured passengers that they will be taken care of during the rerouting, including flights and hotel accommodations in Dubai. In a statement, the company said, "The safety and security of our passengers and crew is of utmost importance to us, and we will take all necessary measures to ensure their well-being." The decision by Hapag-Lloyd follows a string of recent incidents in the region. In July, a British-flagged oil tanker was seized by Iranian forces in the Strait of Hormuz, escalating tensions between Iran and Western nations. The U.S. and UK have also warned of increased piracy activity in the vicinity of the Somali coast. The news has sparked concerns among travelers planning to visit the region. Many are reconsidering their travel plans and are seeking advice from their respective governments before making any decisions. The German Foreign Ministry has issued a travel warning for several countries in the region, including Yemen, Iraq, Iran, Syria, and parts of Saudi Arabia. The warning advises against all travel to these areas due to the risk of terrorist attacks, kidnapping, and other security threats. Hapag-Lloyd is not the only cruise company to respond to the security risks in the region. Earlier this month, Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings announced that it was canceling all port calls to Turkey due to safety concerns. The decision by Hapag-Lloyd highlights the importance of safety and security in the travel industry. As the number of global security threats continues to rise, travelers and companies alike must remain vigilant and take necessary precautions to ensure a safe and enjoyable travel experience.