article: (CNN) -- Dionne Warwick was one of the thousands of guests to attend Michael Jackson's memorial service Tuesday at the Staples Center in Los Angeles, California. Dionne Warwick said Michael Jackson brought a new insight to things people should be paying attention to. Warwick talks with CNN's Larry King about the moving tributes during the service and the legacy left behind by the "King of Pop." King also talks with Warwick's son, Damon Elliott, who has been a friend of Jackson's since childhood and was writing a song with Michael just before his death. The following is an edited version of the interview. Larry King: What did you think of the event, Dionne? Dionne Warwick: Well, it was probably one of the most emotional mornings and afternoons that I've spent in a very long time. It was done with a great deal of style and class. King: He would've liked it? Warwick: He would've loved it. He would've loved it. King: How did you and Michael hook up, Damon? Damon Elliott: From Mom. We shared moms. When I was very little, I used to beg her probably at least once a week, "Mom, you have to take me out to the house, you have to take me out to the house." She'd always say, "I'm on tour right now, baby. But when we I get home, we'll go see Michael." And one day we did, and he showed up, I think, in my living room or somewhere. King: You were writing a song at his death? Elliott: Yes. Actually, I was working on some music for the new record that I was going to get over to Jermaine. And the night before he passed away, it's crazy we were writing a song. King: How great a singer was Michael Jackson? Warwick: Michael was... King: A singer -- a pure singer? Warwick: And he could sing. Yes. Yes. It was more than the magic of everything else that he did. He was a brilliant singer. King: What was he like to work with, if you were working on a song together? What was that experience like? Elliott: Well, from a distance, I got to work with Michael. I mostly worked through Jermaine, who was another amazing talent. But just all the brothers, you know, they have so much conviction and so much feeling in their delivery.  Watch Jackson family address crowd » . And Michael was like the greatest teacher to all of us -- producers, dancers, singers, songwriters. He just had it all. He would come in and beat box a melody and you'd try to emulate it on a drum machine and it just was impossible. So you'd just keep what he did. King: What's Michael Jackson's legacy? Warwick: The wonderful things that he did for this entire world. I think he brought a new insight as to the things that we really should be paying attention to. He did it brilliantly, and I think that's his legacy.
highlights: Singer Dionne Warwick: Jackson's memorial service was done with style, class . Warwick's son was writing a song with Jackson days before his death . Damon Elliott: "Michael was like the greatest teacher to all of us"
id: ca25c88d20ba26630a77354f47e7b04c6a7f7dca
chatgpt: Legendary singer Dionne Warwick has spoken out about Michael Jackson's memorial service, expressing admiration for the way in which it was conducted. Warwick, a close friend of the late pop icon, noted that the event was done "with style, class, and dignity." The service, held at the Staples Center in Los Angeles on July 7, 2009, was attended by countless celebrities and fans of Jackson from all over the world. Warwick was among those who delivered a heartfelt tribute to the King of Pop. In addition to speaking about the memorial, Warwick also shared a personal anecdote about her son's relationship with Michael Jackson. She revealed that her son had been writing a song with Jackson just days before his untimely death. Warwick's son, Damon Elliott, is a successful music producer and songwriter. He has worked with a variety of artists over the years, but his time spent writing with Michael Jackson was undoubtedly one of the highlights of his career. Speaking about his experience with Jackson, Elliott said, "Michael was like the greatest teacher to all of us. He taught everybody to just be better and to always strive for excellence." Elliott also noted that he was inspired by Jackson's work ethic and dedication to his craft. He described the pop star as someone who was always pushing himself to be better, and who was never content with mediocrity. Despite the tragic circumstances of their collaboration, Elliott said that he was grateful to have had the opportunity to work with Jackson. He explained that the experience taught him many important lessons that he continues to carry with him today. Warwick, too, expressed her gratitude for the time she spent with Jackson. She noted that the pop icon was someone who touched the lives of countless people around the world, and who will always be remembered for his contributions to music and to popular culture. In the years since Jackson's death, his legacy has continued to live on. Fans continue to celebrate his music, and his impact on the industry remains undeniable. For Warwick and Elliott, their memories of Jackson are sure to remain with them for a lifetime. While the loss of such a talented and influential figure is undoubtedly heartbreaking, it's clear that their experiences with Jackson were nothing short of life-changing. As the world continues to mourn Jackson's passing, it's heartening to see that his legacy lives on through the work and memories of those who knew and loved him best.