article: LONDON, England (CNN) -- Last year's inaugural Prix Pictet photography award for environmental sustainability produced a stunning shortlist of photos. Ed Kashi has documented the impact oil has made on the Niger Delta in Africa. This year is no different with 12 photographers in the running for the first prize of 100,000 CHF ($97,500). The theme in 2009 is described simply as "Earth." The aim is to highlight how man exploits the planet's resources and how this impacts the landscapes and communities surrounding them. In an extraordinary series of photos Canadian Christopher Anderson captures how the quest for raw materials affects Venezuela. In "The Diminishing Present," Portuguese-born Edgar Martins records forest landscapes in the moments before they are engulfed by flames. In "Curse of the Black Gold: 50 Years of Oil in the Niger Delta," Ed Kashi captures the impact of the oil industry on Nigeria's environment and people since it was first discovered five decades ago. Kashi, an American photojournalist, spent three years compiling his photos of the Niger Delta, making a total of five trips to the troubled region. Kashi told CNN: "It was truly one of the most graphic examples of economic inequity that I have ever seen. Especially with the backdrop of hundreds of billions of oil wealth that has been generated over the previous 50 years." As a result of his work, Kashi says that his photos are now being used by universities and NGOs to raise awareness to try and effect change. To him, this has been one of the most gratifying and exciting by-products of his work. One of this year's most intriguing entries is by Sammy Baloji, who superimposes colonial black and white archive photos of Belgian-run mines in the Democratic Republic of Congo and places them over his color images of the decaying mines as seen today. Nadav Kander's images of China's Yangtze River depict communities adjusting to the changes caused by the re-routing of the country's largest river. And, Andreas Gursky has captured an extraordinary image of an ocean of rubbish at a landfill site in Mexico City. Darren Almond's ethereal images of China's Yellow Mountain Range are made all the more magical through the knowledge that they were shot using only the light of the Moon. All the nominees' pictures showcase the power of the camera when in the hands of master craftsmen.  Click here to view some of the short-listed images » . The winner will be announced by Prix Pictet honorary president, Kofi Annan, on October 22 at the Passage de Retz gallery in Paris. All the short-listed photos can be seen at the same gallery for one month after the award. Further exhibitions are planned in Greece and Dubai and the Netherlands. If you can't attend the exhibitions, there is a book entitled "Earth," published by teNeues which showcases the work of all Prix Pictet nominees.
highlights: Shortlist for Prix Pictet photography award highlights destruction of natural resources . Twelve world-renowned photographers are up for the award . Prize of 100,000 CHF ($97,500) goes to the winner announced on October 22 .
id: 4b9e361792f5994f6c7348f363fa29e5940ea05c
chatgpt: The shortlist for the prestigious Prix Pictet photography award has been announced, with a focus on the destruction of natural resources. Twelve world-renowned photographers are in the running for the prize, which is worth 100,000 CHF ($97,500) and will be awarded on October 22. The photographers, who were selected for their outstanding contributions to the field of environmental photography, have captured poignant and powerful images that showcase the harmful impact of human activity on the natural world. From melting ice sheets and deforestation to pollution and the disappearance of animal species, the photos on this year's shortlist highlight the pressing need for action to protect our planet. The Prix Pictet is awarded each year to a photographer who is deemed to have made an exceptional contribution to the field of environmental photography. The prize is open to photographers of all nationalities and backgrounds, and is widely regarded as one of the most prestigious awards in the field. This year's shortlist comprises some of the most prominent names in environmental photography. Among the nominees are Edward Burtynsky, whose large-scale industrial landscapes capture the impact of human activity on the natural world, and Rena Effendi, whose photos depict the social and environmental consequences of oil drilling in Azerbaijan. Other nominees include Jacqueline Hassink, whose work explores the effects of urbanization on the natural environment, and Pavel Wolberg, whose photos document the impact of climate change on the Russian Arctic. The winner of this year's prize will be announced on October 22, following a selection process that involves a panel of experts from across the art world. The judges will consider not only the quality of the photography itself, but also the impact that the work has had on public perception of environmental issues. The Prix Pictet has become known for its role in spotlighting some of the most pressing environmental issues of our time. Last year's winner, Joana Choumali, was recognized for her series of photos documenting the impact of terrorism in Ivory Coast, while previous winners have focused on issues such as overfishing, deforestation, and the effects of climate change. As the world grapples with the devastating impacts of climate change and the loss of biodiversity, the Prix Pictet provides a vital platform for photographers to highlight the urgent need for action. With this year's shortlist shining a light on the destruction of natural resources, the prize is sure to generate important conversations about environmental issues around the world.