article: (CNN)The U.S. military is bringing home all but 100 troops sent to West Africa 10 months ago to support efforts to battle the Ebola epidemic, the Pentagon announced Tuesday in a press release. "At the height of the epidemic, there were 2,800 DoD [Department of Defense] personnel deployed to West Africa," Pentagon press secretary Rear Adm. John Kirby said. "Given the success of the U.S. response to the crisis, the majority of DoD personnel in West Africa will now return home. "Today, around 1,500 of them are already back to their duty stations and nearly all will return by April 30. All have or will undergo established controlled monitoring procedures." Kirby said about 100 military service members will remain in West Africa to support the 10,000 civilian responders who remain. These service members will "build on a strong military partnership with the Armed Forces of Liberia to enhance their Ebola response efforts and provide disaster response training to the government of Liberia," he said. There have been more than 22,000 reported confirmed, probable and suspected cases of Ebola since the outbreak began, with almost 8,800 known deaths. The World Health Organization said last month that the number of new Ebola cases reported in the three worst-hit countries -- Liberia, Sierra Leone and Guinea -- fell to its lowest level since late June. WHO said the response has shifted from slowing transmission to ending the epidemic. The White House said President Barack Obama will host some of the people responsible for the success of the U.S. response on Wednesday. "This response showcased American leadership at its finest on the world stage, just as we came together as a nation to fortify our domestic resilience in the face of understandable apprehension," the White House said in a news release. "To be sure, our tasks are far from complete; we will keep working to meet this challenge until there are zero cases in West Africa and our domestic infrastructure is fully completed." Rajiv Shah, administrator for the U.S. Agency for International Development, praised the military's performance. "Military engineers oversaw the building of new Ebola Treatment Units; military logisticians directed the deployment of life-saving resources from across the globe; and military doctors supported the brave men and women who treated patients every day," Shah said in a news release. "Just 10 months since the first U.S. government personnel deployed, we have delivered extraordinary results. Across West Africa, cases are down by 80 percent. In Liberia -- once the heart of the epidemic -- we've helped cut down new cases from more than 30 a day to as few as one or two."
highlights: All but 100 U.S. troops will be brought home from West Africa by April 30, Pentagon says . There have been almost 8,800 known deaths from Ebola since the outbreak began .
id: b040fb64003e8e21e0743756b0f193962ee66d6a
chatgpt: The United States is set to withdraw almost all of its military personnel from the fight against Ebola in West Africa, according to the Pentagon. The move comes as the outbreak, which has killed almost 8,800 people since it began, appears to be coming under control. Of the 2,800 American troops that were deployed to the region last year, only 100 will remain in West Africa beyond April 30. The remaining personnel are expected to leave the region by the middle of next month. The announcement marks the end of a significant military operation that saw 17 Ebola treatment units built across Liberia, Sierra Leone and Guinea, as well as the deployment of mobile testing labs and other equipment. American soldiers played a vital role in the effort to combat the outbreak, working alongside health workers from around the world. The Ebola outbreak, which began in Guinea in December 2013, quickly spread to neighbouring Liberia and Sierra Leone, killing thousands of people and devastating communities. The World Health Organization has declared the outbreak over in Sierra Leone and Liberia, and new cases have fallen steeply in Guinea. Despite the progress, the need for continued response efforts remains high, as the virus continues to circulate in a small number of cases. In addition, health systems across the region have been severely weakened by the outbreak, leaving the population vulnerable to other diseases. The US military's withdrawal from West Africa is expected to have a significant impact on the response effort, as the personnel deployed to the region had a range of skills and expertise in logistics, engineering and construction. Other international partners will need to step up their efforts to fill the gap left by the American withdrawal. The announcement of the troop withdrawal was welcomed by some, who argued that the military's role in the response effort had been too large. They suggested that the international community should have focused more on providing technical assistance and support to local health workers, rather than relying on a military-led approach. Others, however, have expressed concerns that the withdrawal could lead to an increase in cases, or a resurgence of the virus. They argue that the response effort should continue until the virus has been eradicated from the region, and the health systems have been fully restored. Despite the challenges that remain, the progress made in the fight against Ebola is encouraging, and offers hope that the virus can be successfully contained. The withdrawal of American troops marks a significant moment in the response effort, and provides an opportunity for the international community to reflect on the lessons learned from the outbreak, and to build stronger health systems that can withstand future epidemics.