article: (CNN) -- A toddler shot and killed his mother, the boy's father told South Florida police, who say they will talk to the 2-1/2-year-old. The father, who called 911, told police he was trying to take the firearm away from the child when it discharged. The boy's mother -- Julia Bennett, 33 -- was shot once in the back and died from the injury, said Miramar Police spokeswoman Tania Rues. "What we do know is that last Wednesday, shortly after 7 o'clock, we received a 911 call from a gentleman stating that his 2-1/2-year-old son accidentally shot his mother -- the boy's mother," Rues told HLN's Vinnie Politan. Rues said investigators will talk to the toddler about the shooting, but that "due to the age, we're not expecting to get much." The boy's father has not been identified by police. They said he has cooperated fully with the investigation, which started with a 911 call he placed on April 20. In that roughly 4-1/2-minute call, a man's voice can be heard asking the dispatcher what to do. He speaks with a thick accent and seems overcome with emotion as he tries to explain what happened. "My son picked it up and I tried to grab it," the man said about the gun. "Oh God, I can't believe this." Rues said the State Attorney's office will decide whether to file charges. The boy's father could face charges of negligence, she said. Bennett and the boy's father were not married and did not live together at the time of her death, according to Rues. "This should serve as a reminder to all parents out there to not leave firearms accessible to children. Even if you believe the firearm is not loaded, it's just not smart. It's not safe," she said.
highlights: Julia Bennett, 33, was shot once in the back and died . The gun went off as the boy's father was trying to take it from his son, he says . Investigators say they will talk to the toddler .
id: 0ff4d44f42e1e0af5f8a485debdce8966fb4ae55
chatgpt: Tragedy struck a small community in Indiana yesterday when 33-year-old Julia Bennett was fatally shot in the back. According to the boy's father, the gun accidentally discharged as he attempted to take it from his young son's grasp. The incident occurred in the family's home on the outskirts of town. Preliminary reports suggest that the father had been cleaning his hunting rifle when his young son found it and began to play with it. As he tried to take the gun away from the toddler, the father claims the weapon went off. Emergency services were called immediately, but Ms. Bennett was pronounced dead at the scene. The father and his son were unharmed, but police say they plan to speak with the toddler in the coming days as part of their investigation. Neighbors expressed shock and sorrow over the tragedy, describing Ms. Bennett as a beloved member of the community. "She was always smiling, always had a kind word to say," said one neighbor. "We'll miss her terribly." The incident has once again raised questions about gun safety, particularly when it comes to children. Guns should always be securely stored and kept out of reach of young children, experts advise. Even if a gun is unloaded, children can still cause harm by playing with it or accidentally firing it. As authorities continue their investigation, the community is coming together to support the family in their time of grief. Many are sending prayers and well-wishes to Ms. Bennett's loved ones, and some are even offering to help in any way they can. This tragedy is a sad reminder of the importance of responsible gun ownership and the need to keep our communities safe. Our thoughts are with Ms. Bennett's family and loved ones during this difficult time.