article: (CNN) -- Health officials in Glasgow, Scotland, have confirmed a case of Ebola. "The patient is a health care worker who was helping to combat the disease in West Africa" and returned from Sierra Leone late Sunday night, the Scottish health agency NHS Scotland said. The patient flew via Casablanca, Morocco, and London Heathrow Airport, arriving at Glasgow Airport on a British Airways flight around 11:30 p.m., the statement said. "The patient was admitted to hospital early in the morning after feeling unwell and was placed into isolation at 7.50 a.m. All possible contacts with the patient are now being investigated and anyone deemed to be at risk will be contacted and closely monitored. However, having been diagnosed in the very early stages of the illness, the risk to others is considered extremely low." Nicola Sturgeon, Scotland's head of government, led a meeting of the Scottish Government Resilience Committee "to ensure all necessary steps are being taken," and she spoke with British Prime Minister David Cameron, NHS Scotland said. Following established protocol, the patient "will be transferred to the high-level isolation unit in the Royal Free hospital, London, as soon as possible. This is where the facilities, staff and systems are in place to ensure the best quality and safest care." Access to the unit is restricted to specially trained medical staff. A specially designed tent, with controlled ventilation, will be set up over the patient's bed. "Scotland has been preparing for this possibility from the beginning of the outbreak in West Africa and I am confident that we are well prepared," Sturgeon said in the statement. "We have the robust procedures in place to identify cases rapidly. Our health service also has the expertise and facilities to ensure that confirmed Ebola cases such as this are contained and isolated effectively minimizing any potential spread of the disease." She added, "Scotland's NHS has proved it is well able to cope with infectious diseases in the past, such as swine flu, and I am confident we will be able to respond effectively again." The patient was working with Save the Children at an Ebola treatment center in Sierra Leone, according to Michael von Bertele, humanitarian director at that organization. "Our thoughts are with the individual, their family and colleagues at this difficult time. We wish them a speedy recovery," he said in a statement.
highlights: NEW: The patient was working with Save the Children in Sierra Leone . The patient flew via Casablanca and Heathrow into Glasgow; risk to others called "extremely low" The health care worker will be moved to a London hospital .
id: 4b7b63ca414d22d17c7c81ca0a1ab94a6ea02a6a
chatgpt: A health care worker, who was involved in the aid mission with Save the Children in Sierra Leone, has tested positive for Ebola when they arrived in Glasgow from Sierra Leone via Casablanca and Heathrow. The patient is being kept in an isolation unit and is receiving the best care possible. Officials have assessed that the risk to others is "extremely low". Authorities are taking all necessary precautions in order to minimize the risk of the virus spreading to others. The patient, who has not been named, is being moved to a London Hospital to receive specialist treatment. Meanwhile, health officials are contacting anyone who may have had close contact with the patient, as they take proactive measures to prevent the spread of Ebola. There is currently no known cure for Ebola, and the virus can be deadly. It is transmitted through direct contact with the bodily fluids of an infected person, or through contact with contaminated surfaces or objects. Health officials say that the risk of contracting Ebola is generally low, but it is important to take precautions. A spokesperson for Save the Children has expressed their deep concern for the health care worker and their family, citing their dedication and selflessness in helping the people of Sierra Leone. The spokesperson also pledged their full support and assistance to the health care worker and their family. The news of this latest case will come as a blow to those fighting the Ebola epidemic in West Africa. The World Health Organization (WHO) estimates that over 10,000 people have died from Ebola so far, with over 24,000 cases reported. The virus has spread to several countries, including Guinea, Liberia, and Sierra Leone. British officials are urging the public not to panic, and are assuring people that the risk of contracting Ebola in the UK remains low. They are also reminding people of the importance of basic hygiene practices, such as washing hands with soap and water regularly. In conclusion, the news of yet another Ebola case in the UK is worrying, but officials are reassuring the public that all necessary measures are being taken to contain the virus. The health care worker is receiving the best possible care and support, and we can only hope for a speedy recovery.