article: Distraught Michelle Simmons was so sure her beloved Labradoodle Gracie had plunged to her death playing during a hike in Oregon on Sunday, that she immediately held a memorial service for her dog on the side of the cliff. However, as Simmons and her family stood at the top of the 200-foot ravine they heard the unmistakable sound of Gracie barking from down below - sparking a dramatic rescue for the lucky year-old pup. In total, ten members of the Oregon Humane Society took eight hours to pull Gracie to safety from the steep cliffs of the Columbia River Gorge with a rescue harness and amazingly, she only suffered some scratches and bruises. Scroll Down for Video . Lucky dog: Gracie the Labradoodle is reunited with owner Michelle Simmons (right in both pictures) after her eight hour rescue from the bottom of a 200-foot ravine in Oregon . Gracie lost her footing as she wrestled with another dog as the Simmons family were returning from Punchbowl Falls. 'We kept hearing her rolling and rolling, she yelped out and we though we had lost her,' said Simmons to KOIN6. Bruce Wyse of the Humane Society was the team member who pulled Gracie to safety and reunited her with her grateful family. Rene Pizzo, the team leader reminded the Simmons family that the accident happened in the first place because Gracie was allowed off her leash. Check-up: Gracie is given the once-over by members of the Oregon Humane Society - who confirmed that the dog had only suffered cuts and bruises during her 200-foot fall . Reunited: Gracie is given a hug and a kiss by a member of her family after being pulled from the ravine after her accident on Sunday . Relief: Michelle Simmons tells the miraculous tale of how Gracie (left) survived the fall while hiking in Oregon . He said that the accident and successful rescue effort should act was a warning to other hikers to keep their pets under control at all times. Gracie fell just before 5pm on Sunday and a relieved Simmons told KOIN6 that she believes it was astounding her dog was not hurt. 'She was barking, wagging her tail,' said Simmons. 'It was a miracle, no one believed it.' 'She’s totally fine. We are almost gonna leave her there.' Speaking of her gratitude towards the Humane Society team who rescued her dog, Simmons called the 'absolutely amazing' and said that she thanked every single one.
highlights: Gracie plunged off cliff while rough-housing with another dog off her leash . Owner Michelle Simmons and her family were distraught at their loss . Incredibly heard Gracie's barks - sparking an eight hour rescue mission .
id: 9b8fe5b53ade8397313f6e9dd4c87b72aceb3a62
chatgpt: Tragedy struck when Gracie, a 3-year-old Golden Retriever, fell off a cliff while playing with another pup off her leash. The incident occurred at around 3 p.m. on Wednesday afternoon in McWay Falls, California. Despite her owners' best efforts, Gracie's fall couldn't be prevented, and she plummeted to the cliffs below. Michelle Simmons, Gracie's owner, shared her grief in a heartfelt interview. "It's been a nightmare," she said, her eyes filling with tears. "She was such a loving and caring dog. We miss her dearly." Simmons, along with her husband and children, were all present when the accident occurred. But in a surprising twist of fate, Gracie's barks were heard by a passerby, who quickly notified local authorities. A rescue mission was launched, and it would take an astounding eight hours to retrieve the dog from the cliffs. The mission was anything but straightforward. Officials had to contend with the steep cliffs and treacherous terrain, all the while ensuring Gracie's safety. As night fell, rescue efforts became even more difficult. But the brave team persevered, knowing that every second counted. Simmons, who was on hand for the entire ordeal, praised the rescuers for their efforts. "We are so grateful to everyone who helped find and rescue Gracie," she said. "They went above and beyond the call of duty." Finally, shortly after 11 p.m., the rescue team was able to extract Gracie from the cliffs. Although she had suffered some injuries, she was in stable condition and quickly taken to a nearby veterinary hospital for treatment. Simmons and her family breathed a collective sigh of relief upon hearing the news. It's clear that Gracie's story has touched many people. Social media was ablaze with messages of support and gratitude, as people from all over the world sent their well wishes to Gracie and her family. At its core, Gracie's story is a reminder of the incredible bond between humans and animals. Even in moments of great tragedy, hope and resilience can emerge. And in this case, the power of compassion and teamwork was on full display.