article: (CNN) -- Hurt. Devastated. Crushed. Those are words an African-American couple used to describe how they felt when they were forced to change the venue of their wedding because of their race. "Because of the fact that we were black, some of the members of the congregation had got upset and decided that no black couple would ever be married at that church," Charles Wilson told CNN on Sunday night. "All we wanted to do in the eyes of God was to be man and wife in a church that we thought we felt loved. What was wrong with that?" Charles and Te'Andrea Wilson had planned to marry this month at the First Baptist Church of Crystal Springs in Mississippi, but were asked at the last minute to move. Southern Baptists elect first black president . Their pastor, Stan Weatherford, made the request on behalf of some congregants who didn't want to see the couple married there, according to CNN affiliate WLBT. He performed the ceremony at a nearby church. "This was, had not, had never been done here before so it was setting a new (precedent) and there were those who reacted to that," Weatherford told WLBT. "I didn't want to have a controversy within the church, and I didn't want a controversy to affect the wedding of Charles and Te' Andrea. I wanted to make sure their wedding day was a special day," he reportedly said. On Sunday, some church members reacted to news of the wedding with surprise, many hadn't known what happened to the Wilsons until they heard about it on the news, and offered apologies. "I would say I'm sorry this happened and would you forgive the people who caused it? Because we're gonna try to," Bob Mack told WLBT. Talking about the group that opposed the wedding he said: "We hope we can straighten them out, you know, get them to understand what Christianity is all about because they have some misconceptions about it." But for Charles and Te'Andrea Wilson, support from the church now might be too little, too late. "I had dreams of having my wedding the way I wanted it, and I also dreamed of having it at the church and unfortunately, it didn't happen," Te'Andrea Wilson told CNN. Her husband said if there was a time to "step up and be Christ-like," it was before their wedding. Hindsight is 20/20. "If it was such a minority of people, why didn't the majority stand up and say, 'in God's house we don't do this?'" said Charles Wilson. North Dakota paper reviews ban on same-sex wedding announcements . Read more about this story from CNN affiliate WLBT.
highlights: Charles and Te'Andrea Wilson say they were asked to change venues at the last minute . The pastor was approached by some congregants who didn't want the wedding to take place . Husband: "All we wanted .. was to be man and wife in a church that we thought we felt loved"
id: e067058913220fb1165801605399143de9b13a4f
chatgpt: A couple from Mississippi, Charles and Te'Andrea Wilson, are claiming that they were forced at the last minute to move their wedding ceremony due to opposition from some congregants. According to the Wilsons, they had planned their dream wedding at the First Baptist Church of Crystal Springs, a predominantly white church that they regularly attended. However, just a few days before the wedding was scheduled to take place, the pastor of the church informed the couple that they would need to find a different venue. According to the Wilsons, the pastor cited objections from some members of the congregation who did not want the wedding to take place there. The couple was reportedly told that they could still have their ceremony at the church, but that it would have to be moved to a smaller room and would not be able to include the traditional decorations that they had planned. Faced with the choice of compromising on their dream wedding or finding a new venue, the Wilsons decided to move their ceremony to a nearby event hall. Charles Wilson described the experience as "devastating," saying that "all we wanted was to be man and wife in a church that we thought we felt loved." He added that he felt that the decision to move their wedding was due to the fact that they were an African American couple getting married in a predominantly white church. The church has not released an official statement addressing the controversy, but some members of the congregation have spoken out in support of the Wilsons. One congregant, Casey Kitchens, told local news station WLBT that "this had nothing to do with racism. I think it was just a misunderstanding, a breakdown in communication." Despite the setback, the Wilsons said that they were still able to have a beautiful wedding and that they were grateful for the support that they received from their family and friends. Te'Andrea Wilson expressed hope that their story would lead to greater understanding and tolerance among different communities. "We want people to understand that love has no color," she said. "No matter what race, what ethnicity, what religion, you're human and you deserve love."