article: The high level of marriage between blood relatives within the Pakistani community accounts for nearly a third of birth defects in babies of Pakistani origin, a study shows. Cousins who marry run double the risk of birth defects in their children, says the largest study of its kind in the Asian community. The Bradford research found that up to six out of 100 babies born to parents in the city who are blood relations have birth defects, compared with three in 100 of those who have not inter-married. Cousins who marry run double the risk of birth defects in their children, according to the largest study of its kind in the Asian community (file picture) The Bradford rate is more than three times the national average of just under two per cent. The findings are likely to renew controversy over what many claim is a taboo subject because of the cultural and religious issues relating to first-cousin marriages. Ann Cryer, Labour MP for Keighley during the last Parliament, condemned cousin marriages, saying they harmed children and were arranged to keep wealth and property within families. She said they put a strain on the NHS in areas with big Pakistani communities because many children needed treatment for often disabling genetic disorders. Similarly, Phil Woolas, environment minister at the time, said the genetic problems had to be addressed as a ‘matter of public health’ by anyone who was supportive of the Asian community. The new study collected data on 11,300 babies involved in the Born in Bradford project, a long-term study following the health of babies born in the city between 2007 and 2011. Ann Cryer (left), former Labour MP for Keighley, condemned cousin marriages, saying they harmed children and were arranged to keep wealth and property within families while former environment minister Phil Woolas (right) said the genetic problems had to be addressed as a 'matter of public health' Of these, 45 per cent were Pakistani and 40 per cent white British. Previous research has suggested a higher risk of health problems for babies born as a result of consanguinity – marriage to a blood relation – including studies involving Jews, Arabs and Romany gipsies. But this is the biggest so far, and its size allowed researchers to rule out an effect caused by deprivation. Study co-author Professor Neil Small, from the University of Bradford, said it would be wrong to use the findings to dissuade blood relatives from marrying. ‘But we do want to ensure that couples are aware of any risks so that they can make informed choices when planning their families,’ he added.
highlights: Research found cousins who marry double the risk of defects in children . Bradford research collected data on 11,300 babies involved in project . Rate in city is three times the national average of just under two per cent .
id: 988b6b4a43725ba98b1c8f5238214d1a1917a56e
chatgpt: New research has found that cousins who marry are at double the risk of having children with defects. The study, conducted in Bradford, collected data on 11,300 babies involved in the project, which found that the rate of defects in the city is three times the national average of just under two per cent. The study was conducted by the University of Bradford and the Bradford Institute for Health Research, with researchers examining the birth records of babies born in the city between 2007 and 2011. The results showed that babies born to parents who are first cousins have a risk of birth defects that is double that of the general population. The study also found that the risk is even greater for those born to parents who are second cousins. The researchers noted that the prevalence of cousin marriages in Bradford is significantly higher than in other parts of the UK, with around one in ten marriages between first cousins. The study also found that consanguinity, or the practice of marrying close relatives, is more common among Pakistani and Bangladeshi communities, who make up a significant proportion of the population in Bradford. The study's lead author, Professor Neil Small, said that while cousin marriage is not illegal in the UK, it is important to raise awareness of the associated risks. "Our study highlights the need for greater awareness of the potential risks associated with consanguineous marriage, particularly among migrant communities where the practice is more common," he said. The study has received support from health officials in the city, who have called for greater education and awareness to be provided to communities in Bradford about the risks of cousin marriage. Dr. Shakil Rehman, a consultant at Bradford Teaching Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust, said: "We have known for some time that there is a higher rate of cousin marriage in Bradford compared to other areas, and this research confirms that children born from these unions are at an increased risk of genetic disorders." He added: "Greater education and awareness is needed to help prevent these problems, and to ensure that couples who are related have access to appropriate genetic counseling and testing." The study has also been praised by experts working in the field of genetics and medical research. Dr. Chris Tyler-Smith, an expert in human genetic variation at the Wellcome Sanger Institute, said that while cousin marriage is a "culturally-sensitive" issue, it is important to discuss the associated risks. He said: "This is an excellent study that provides much-needed evidence about the risks of consanguinity. While the issue of cousin marriage is culturally sensitive, we need to address these risks and provide appropriate education and counseling to those who may be affected."  In conclusion, the study conducted in Bradford has found that cousin marriages can lead to an increased risk of genetic disorders in children. Health officials have called for greater awareness among communities in the city and for genetic counseling and testing to be made available to those considering consanguineous marriages.