article: A British self-proclaimed freedom fighter accused of illegally marrying up to 12 women in Europe and Asia is being investigated by Malaysian Special Branch officers, it was revealed today. Police have named the traveller as Robert Andrew Scott, but say he also uses the Muslim name Jamaluddin Mustafa and is usually seen in Islamic robes. Now understood to be living on the Malaysian island of Penang, 43-year-old Scott has been accused by women who have come forward to the police of duping his wives into caring for him, taking their money, then moving on to another woman. Investigation: Robert Andrew Scott, who also uses the Muslim name Jamaluddin Mustafa, is accused of illegally marrying up to 12 women in Europe and Asia . Special Branch assistant director-general Ayob Pitchay has told Malaysian media that most of the women targeted by Scott were professionals such as bank officers and university lecturers. Mr Pitchay said he understood that Scott was once involved in a missionary movement in London and had joined a mujahiddin - freedom fighters - group in Bosnia. The officer said he had learned of a report that Scott had been held for the murder of a doctor in Bosnia but family members - it is not known which family - had successfully filed an application for his release. 'While he has been involved in militant work in Bosnia, he has not shown such tendencies while in Malaysia,' said Mr Pitchay. 'We are monitoring his marriages and what his real motives are,' said Mr Pitchay, confirming that Scott's alleged wives were of several different nationalities. Two that he had divorced recently were said to be Malaysian. Revealed: Police say Scott was once involved in a missionary movement in London and had joined a mujahiddin - freedom fighters - group in Bosnia . Writers who have come forward anonymously on Facebook allege that the exact number of his wives is unknown because Scott never divorces them officially through the authorities. 'Some victims truly believe there are more than 10,' claimed one writer, who described Scott as a 'heretical and deviant Muslim’. Further claims against Scott say that he is a 'manipulator of emotions' who will try to coax innocent women into having pre-marital sex and then within a matter of weeks will pressure them to marry 'in haste'. Once married, alleges a writer, he will brainwash the wife by twisting Islam and ordering her to obey the husband at all costs. Police are now investigating claims that he has taken large amounts of money from his wives before deserting them, even though they have had children by him. Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
highlights: Self-proclaimed freedom fighter Robert Andrew Scott is accused of Bigamy . Scott, 43, allegedly married up to 12 women in Europe and Asia . Police in Malaysia say that he also goes by the name of Jamaluddin Mustafa . He's accused of duping his wives into caring for him and taking their money .
id: fd493eef14861a2342b7e587e3ace3e0392d9598
chatgpt: Self-proclaimed freedom fighter Robert Andrew Scott, who also goes by the name of Jamaluddin Mustafa, is facing accusations of bigamy in Malaysia. The 43-year-old is believed to have married up to 12 women in both Europe and Asia, allegedly duping them into caring for him and taking their money. Police in Malaysia launched an investigation into Scott's activities after receiving multiple reports of his suspicious behaviour. Their investigation revealed that he had deceived women from various countries, including the United Kingdom, France, and Malaysia. Scott reportedly posed as a well-to-do businessman, and his charm and charisma helped him win over the hearts of his unsuspecting victims. He would then propose marriage to them, telling them that he was a divorcee or widower. Some of Scott's alleged victims claim that he had convinced them to convert to Islam before marrying them in a traditional Islamic ceremony. Once married, Scott would allegedly convince his wives to give him access to their bank accounts and other assets. He would then disappear, leaving them to fend for themselves financially. Some of his alleged victims even claim that they were forced to sell their homes and possessions to support him. According to authorities, Scott has a long history of dodgy dealings. He's been involved in a range of scams and schemes over the years, including an alleged attempt to defraud an oil company of millions of dollars. Several of Scott's alleged victims have come forward to speak out against him. One woman, who wishes to remain anonymous, said, "He's a monster. He destroyed my life and left me with nothing. I hope he spends the rest of his days behind bars." Scott has denied the allegations of bigamy and claims that he's the victim of a conspiracy. He's currently being held in custody while police continue their investigation. The case has sparked outrage amongst women's rights groups in Malaysia, who are calling for stricter laws to protect women from predators like Scott. They are also urging women to be more cautious when entering into relationships with strangers, particularly those who claim to be wealthy or powerful. The trial of Robert Andrew Scott, who stands accused of bigamy and fraud, is set to begin in the coming weeks. If convicted, he could face several years in prison.