article: Troubled supermarket giant Tesco was facing fresh questions last night after it emerged it had purchased a new corporate jet worth £31million. The Gulfstream 550 aircraft arrived just days after it was revealed profits at the struggling supermarket had been overstated by £250million. The jet - which was ordered in early 2013, ironically, just as the group was scaling back its international operations - will raise further questions over the tenure of former chief executive Philip Clarke, who was ousted in July. Scroll down for video . The Gulfstream 550 aircraft (like the one pictured) arrived just days after it was revealed profits at the struggling supermarket had been overstated by £250million . Tesco sparked a storm of shareholder fury in 2012 when it emerged they had spent nearly £29million on private plane journeys since 2005 despite falling sales and the rising cost of the jets. The supermarket giant had pledged to put all its executive jets up for sale in a bid to rebuild investor confidence. A source close to the company told the Financial Times: ‘If you want an indication of what has gone wrong at Tesco [it was that] we ordered another Gulfstream.’ The purchase of the jet will raise further questions over the tenure of former chief executive Philip Clarke, who was ousted in July . The news comes as the group attempts to recover from a spate of bad news, including three profit warnings in three months and the revelation that the Financial Conduct Authority was investigating its accounting practices. Tesco’s new chief executive Dave Lewis was brought in on September 1 from Unilever to replace Mr Clarke after the second profit warning a month ago. People inside the company said one of his first decisions was to sell the aircraft, though the group has not yet announced this publicly. The retailer was this week registered as the new owner of a Gulfstream 550 on the website of the Civil Aviation Authority, according to the Financial Times. The 29-metre-long G550, which can seat up to 18 passengers, has a range of up to 12,500km and can fly non-stop for up to 12 hours. To charter a G550 for a 12-hour flight would cost nearly £67,000 – more than twice the average UK salary of £26,000. Since the financial crisis, companies have been unwilling to be seen flying corporate jets, for fear of being attacked by investors and the public for extravagance. One senior executive in the private aviation industry told the Financial Times: ‘There has been a fundamental change – corporates don’t want to be seen owning aircraft in Europe.’ Tesco shares have sunk to an 11-year low since the latest profit warning last week. The jet may prove to be the most short-lived purchase for the group. Tesco said last night: ‘All aircraft operated by Tesco are in the process of being sold.’
highlights: Gulfstream 550 aircraft arrived just days after huge overstating of profits . Ordered in early 2013 - when Tesco was reducing international operations . Raises further questions over former chief executive Philip Clarke . New chief executive Dave Lewis was brought in on September 1 . People inside company said one of his first decisions was to sell the aircraft .
id: 8055df80186cffbc24df6bd874c3de6a490870f0
chatgpt: Tesco, the UK's largest supermarket chain, received a Gulfstream 550 aircraft just days after the company was found to have overstated profits by £250m. The aircraft had been ordered in early 2013, when Tesco was in the process of reducing its international operations. This has raised further questions over the actions of the company's former chief executive, Philip Clarke. The Gulfstream 550 is one of the most luxurious aircraft in the world, and is often used by high-level executives to travel between business meetings. The plane can seat up to 19 passengers, and has a range of up to 12,500 km. It is not clear how much Tesco paid for the aircraft. The arrival of the Gulfstream 550 has been seen as a sign of the company's excessive spending under Clarke's leadership. Clarke resigned in July, after it was revealed that Tesco had overstated its profits by £250m in the first half of the year. The company's share price plummeted, and investigations were launched by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) and the Serious Fraud Office (SFO). New chief executive, Dave Lewis, was brought in on September 1 to turn the company around. Since then, he has made a number of changes to Tesco's operations, including selling off non-core businesses and cutting costs. People inside the company said one of his first decisions was to sell the Gulfstream 550. The sale of the aircraft is expected to recoup some of the money that Tesco has lost in recent months. However, it is unlikely to be the only change that Lewis makes to the company's operations. Tesco is facing tough competition from other retailers, including Aldi and Lidl, and is struggling to maintain its market share. The company's problems have been compounded by the growing trend of online shopping, which has led to a decline in footfall at Tesco's physical stores. As a result, the company's revenue has fallen, and its profits have been hit hard. Tesco's shares are currently trading at their lowest level since 2003. In response to these challenges, Lewis has launched a major review of Tesco's operations, and has promised to make significant changes to the company's business model. He has also pledged to increase investment in Tesco's online operations, and to focus on improving customer service. Despite these efforts, many analysts believe that Tesco's problems are deep-rooted, and that it may take several years for the company to recover. The arrival of the Gulfstream 550, and its subsequent sale, is just one example of the cultural and structural issues that the company must address if it is to remain competitive in the long term. While Lewis has made a promising start, the road ahead will be challenging, and the success of Tesco's turnaround will depend on the ability of its new leadership team to effect meaningful change.