article: (CNN) -- Shameless. There's no other word to describe Monica Lewinsky. Sixteen years after her affair with President Bill Clinton became public knowledge, she's returned to the limelight with a campaign against cyberbullying -- of which she claims to have been "patient zero." Ignore the fact that she was patently not the primary victim in the Zippergate affair (poor Hillary Clinton was) or that any comparison with someone suffering a disease, especially at a time when people are dropping dead from Ebola, is tasteless in the extreme. What's most depressing is that when she rejoined the public stage, she said she was inspired to speak out by the story of Tyler Clementi, a student who committed suicide after a video of him kissing another boy went up online. Young Clementi was the victim of societal homophobia as well as an invasion of his privacy, and his death makes any comparison with Lewinsky's self-imposed troubles ridiculous. Moreover, Clementi died in 2010. Lewinsky has decided to revisit his cause in 2014, suggesting that the timing may have less to do with him than it does with Hillary Clinton. And, of course, this will be embarrassing for Hillary Clinton. Lewinsky has joined Twitter, which will allow her to make uncensored remarks in the course of the 2016 campaign. And Lewinsky has also lashed out at the way the White House machine trashed her in its desire to protect Bill Clinton's reputation (as it was paid to do -- she had an affair with the President of the United States, not an anonymous bank manager no one gave a damn about). Another view: Stop judging Monica Lewinsky . All of which will give ammunition to Hillary Clinton's critics on both the right and left. The right won't have to waste its own resources reminding people of the seedier side of the Clinton years -- Lewinsky can do that now. And Democratic opponents to the left of Hillary Clinton will rejoice that someone is perpetuating the narrative that the Clintons are gangsters who toy with the lives of others. Lewinsky's new cyberbullying angle is inspired: A significant number of Hollywood liberals must live in terror of unflattering/undressed photos of them getting out online. But while Lewinsky grabs some TV time talking about her own liberties, she forgets those of her fellow sisters -- the mistreated wives. Imagine that your husband was caught cheating and the contents of your marriage were discussed every night on television. Would you feel happy about his mistress reappearing 16 years later to drag the whole thing up again, and even to play the victim? Does Hillary Clinton not have a right to put this scandal behind her and have a political identity separate from her husband's? Lewinsky says that she wants to take on the "shame game." But what she did all those years ago and what she's doing now makes her a perfect candidate for a good, old-fashioned shaming.
highlights: Timothy Stanley: Monica Lewinsky's return to public stage is shameless in several ways . She's not the victim, and it's tasteless to call herself "patient zero" of online bullying, he says . He says she downplays own guilt in affair, humiliates Hillary Clinton once again . Stanley: Her presence gives ammunition to Hillary Clinton's critics on right and left .
id: 1a8c95baa5e8541c6dd3104bb54074711f388405
chatgpt: Monica Lewinsky's recent return to the public stage has caused a stir among many people, with some disagreeing with her actions. According to Timothy Stanley, a writer for CNN, Lewinsky's actions have been shameless in several ways. Stanley believes that Lewinsky is not the victim and it is tasteless to call herself "patient zero" of online bullying. Furthermore, Stanley argues that Lewinsky downplays her own guilt in the affair and humiliates Hillary Clinton once again. Stanley believes that Lewinsky's presence gives ammunition to Hillary Clinton's critics on both the right and left. Stanley's article places emphasis on Lewinsky's own actions, rather than portraying her as the victim in the Clinton scandal. According to Stanley, it is important to note that Lewinsky was not simply a victim in the affair, but rather a willing participant. He asserts that Lewinsky has downplayed her own guilt and has made it seem as though she was simply a victim of someone else's wrongdoing. Stanley writes that "it takes two to have an affair, and Lewinsky's willingness to participate cannot be overlooked." Stanley goes on to take issue with Lewinsky's description of herself as "patient zero" of online bullying. According to Stanley, this is tasteless and self-centered. He writes, "The term 'patient zero' is typically reserved for a person who is the first to contract and spread a disease. It is not an appropriate label for someone who willingly participated in an affair and subsequently was called out for their actions." Stanley believes that Lewinsky is using this label to portray herself as a victim of online bullying, which he argues is not accurate. In addition to her self-centered actions, Stanley also notes that Lewinsky's return to the public stage humiliates Hillary Clinton once again. Stanley writes that "Lewinsky's actions give ammunition to Hillary Clinton's critics on both the right and left. It allows them to dredge up old scandals and use them against Clinton once again." Stanley believes that Lewinsky's actions are not helping the Democratic party as a whole, but rather are causing more problems for the party. In conclusion, Timothy Stanley believes that Monica Lewinsky's return to the public stage has been shameless in several ways. He argues that Lewinsky is not the victim in the Clinton scandal, downplays her own guilt, and humiliates Hillary Clinton once again. Stanley believes that Lewinsky's actions are not helpful for the Democratic party as a whole, and he hopes that she will consider the consequences of her actions in the future.