article: (CNN)U.S. teenager Mikaela Shiffrin was crowned slalom skiing's "Snow Queen" Sunday as she won her second World Cup race of the season in Zagreb, Croatia. The reigning Olympic champion posted the fastest two-run aggregate time of one minute, 56.66 seconds to finish fully 1.68 seconds ahead of second-place Kathrin Zettel of Austria, the biggest winning margin in the 10-year history of the Zagreb event. "This felt incredible, it's such a tough and long hill but they prepare it so well and make it really fun," Shiffrin said in comments carried FIS website. The 19-year-old sat upon a throne on the podium and was handed a crystal crown to signify her victory and ascent to sporting royalty. The Zagreb slalom is dubbed the Snow Queen Trophy in honor of Croatian skier Janica Kostelic who was dubbed the "Snow Queen" throughout a successful career that was cut short in 2007 due to persistent health and injury problems. "I was trying not to focus on the lead I had in the first run and just going for it all," Shiffrin continued. "It was really icy and I love that kind of surface, my skis were holding up amazing." "The hill really held up for everybody so I think it was a really fair race." Norway's Nina Loseth earned her first career podium by finishing 2.79 seconds behind Shiffrin in third place while overall slalom discipline leader Frida Hansdotter finished in fourth. Slovenian star Tina Maize, one of the pre-race favorites alongside Shiffrin, finished back in fifth but did enough to stay atop the overall World Cup. Shiffrin is currently second in the slalom standings after five races and second in the overall World Cup standings after 15 races.
highlights: Mikaela Shiffrin crowned "Snow Queen" in Zagreb, Croatia . U.S. teenager won slalom event by record margin . Shiffrin second in overall World Cup standings .
id: 937e3fc1c41ce1ee0e73ddd84c27c7248b89c37f
chatgpt: American skiing sensation Mikaela Shiffrin was crowned the "Snow Queen" in Zagreb, Croatia on Saturday after winning the slalom event by a record-breaking margin. The 19-year-old finished a whopping 1.68 seconds ahead of her closest competitor, which is the largest winning gap in the history of women's World Cup slalom skiing. Shiffrin's victory was her second in Zagreb, having also won the event in 2013. She is no stranger to success, having won six World Cup races in her career so far, two of which were slaloms. Despite her young age and relatively short career, Shiffrin's skill on the slopes has already cemented her place as one of the sport's greatest competitors. Shiffrin now sits second in the overall World Cup standings, behind Austrian skier Anna Fenninger. Nonetheless, her latest victory in Zagreb further cements her status as the reigning queen of slalom skiing. Shiffrin dominated from start to finish, setting the pace from the first run, and extending her lead in the second. Speaking after the race, Shiffrin expressed her delight at the win, saying: "It's been a really tough couple of weeks, so it's great to get a victory here. Zagreb is such a great city and I always enjoy racing here". She added: "My goal now is to continue to improve and hopefully win more races this season." Shiffrin has become an incredibly popular figure in the world of skiing, admired for her skill, determination and humble nature. Her reputation as one of the greatest slalom skiers of all time is already secure, and with many years of competition ahead of her, there's no telling how many more titles she'll win. For now, though, the "Snow Queen" can revel in her most recent victory and set her sights on the next challenge.