article: (CNN)Huge campaign rallies, posters plastered across the country, and expensive advertising and social media strategies -- Nigeria's two main presidential candidates are fighting for voters across all mediums, except one: There will be no live presidential debates in this election. But on Wednesday evening, many Nigerians got the closest to seeing their two main choices fight it out over the airwaves. Incumbent President Goodluck Jonathan addressed the country by one of his irregular "media chats" broadcast on NTA (the National Television Authority), and his challenger Muhammadu Buhari spoke to Christine Amanpour on CNN. "In six weeks, serious advances will be made but I'm not saying we will wipe out Boko Haram," said President Jonathan when asked a question about one of the most pressing issues for many Nigerians -- national security. In recent months, the Islamic militant group Boko Haram has made significant territorial gains in northeast Nigeria, but a recent offensive by Nigeria and neighboring countries, Chad and Niger, hopes to roll back these advances. However, on Amanpour, the opposition candidate Buhari dismissed such claims and blamed the government for repeated military setbacks: "The misappropriation of resources provided by the government for weapons means the Nigerian military is unable to beat Boko Haram." Nigeria's upcoming election is set to be the closest since the country returned to democracy in 1999. The major issues many Nigerians want addressed include: security, the economy, corruption and electricity. There are also significant concerns about the run-up and conduct of the elections themselves. Voting day was postponed after the Nigerian military said they could not provide security for the elections due to the ongoing offensive against Boko Haram in the north. The U.S. Secretary of State, John Kerry, released a statement saying he was "deeply disappointed" by any "political interference" by the military, and Buhari's opposition party has called the postponement a "setback for democracy." President Jonathan insisted the delay was not a "big deal" during his media chat, but made clear what is at stake in this election: "If the Electoral Commission conducts this election poorly, it's on my head."
highlights: Nigeria's presidential candidates fight for voters on all media -- except live presidential debates . Major issues many Nigerians want addressed include: security, the economy, corruption and electricity . Opposition candidate Muhammadu Buhari blames government for military setbacks against Boko Haram .
id: a79f67c38faaf63c25aa07bf31dc55ed54f39376
chatgpt: As the 2019 Nigerian presidential election approaches, candidates are leaving no stone unturned in their campaigns. From rallies to TV commercials to social media, politicians are doing all they can to persuade the electorate. However, one platform is missing from the list - live presidential debates. Despite calls from civil society groups and the media for live TV debates to be held, candidates have yet to agree. Some observers see the absence of presidential debates as way of avoiding direct confrontations on policy issues. Meanwhile, voters are calling on the presidential candidates not to shy away from the most pressing issues affecting the country. Four key issues that many Nigerians want addressed by the candidates include security, the economy, corruption, and electricity. In particular, Muhammadu Buhari, the opposition candidate, has been vocal in placing the blame for the military setbacks against Boko Haram at the feet of the Nigerian government. He has suggested that the government was not doing enough to contain the terrorist group and has promised to improve security if elected. On the economic front, both candidates have promised to boost the economy and create jobs. The incumbent, President Muhammadu Buhari, has emphasized his administration's efforts to diversify the economy and reduce dependency on oil while the opposition has promised to create more jobs through infrastructural development. Corruption remains a hot-button issue in Nigeria with both candidates promising to tackle it head-on. Buhari has touted his experience as an anti-corruption crusader during his previous tenure as president, while Atiku Abubakar, the opposition candidate, has emphasized the need to reform government institutions to curb corruption. Another essential issue for Nigerians is the provision of stable electricity. Historically, the country has struggled with power cuts and inefficiency in the distribution of electricity. The candidates have promised to address these problems if elected. In conclusion, as the Nigerian presidential election approaches, the candidates need to tackle the pressing issues that matter most to Nigerians. These include security, the economy, corruption, and electricity. Although live presidential debates have not been scheduled, the candidates must make themselves available to answer questions from the masses on these issues that will affect their lives for the next four years.