article: By . Amanda Williams . PUBLISHED: . 00:35 EST, 5 July 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 04:58 EST, 5 July 2013 . It seems even after 18 years, the image of Colin Firth emerging from a lake, dressed in white and dripping wet, is hard to forget. The scene in which he walks out of a lake in Pride And Prejudice has been named the most memorable moment in British TV drama . The moment, from a BBC adaptation first screened in 1995, held off challenges from soaps, children's series Grange Hill and more contemporary programmes. Scroll down for video . The scene in which Colin Firth emerges from a lake in Pride And Prejudice has been named the most memorable moment in British TV drama . Jennifer Ehle as Elizabeth Bennet and Colin Firth as Darcy from the 1995 BBC television programme. It held off challenges from soaps, children's series Grange Hill and more contemporary programmes to take the title . Firth's scene - filmed at Lyme Park in Cheshire - was way out in front in the poll to mark the launch of new free-to-air UKTV channel Drama, which begins broadcasting on Monday. The scene left millions of women swooning and transformed Colin Firth into a household name. But he has previously revealed that he had not read the novel when he was offered the part, and nearly turned it down.'I really don't believe I ever belonged in romantic roles. And when Darcy came along I thought it was weird they were asking me to play a romantic lead at 35.' 1. Mr Darcy's lake scene - Pride And Prejudice (1995) 2. Dirty Den hands divorce papers to Angie - EastEnders (1986) 3. Sherlock Holmes's "death" - Sherlock (2012) 4. Tram crash - Coronation Street (2010) 5. Who killed Danny Latimer? - Broadchurch (2013) 6. The 10th Doctor regenerates from David Tennant to Matt Smith - Doctor Who (2010) 7. First lesbian kiss - Brookside (1994) 8. Morse reveals his Christian name - Inspector Morse (1997) 9. Zammo injects heroin - Grange Hill (1987) 10. Lady Sybil's death - Downtown Abbey (2012) Runner-up in the list, compiled from the votes of 2,000 people, was the Christmas Day edition of EastEnders in 1986 in which Dirty Den handed divorce papers to wife Angie. Third place - drawn from a longlist of 50 scenes - went to the finale of BBC1's Sherlock last year in which detective Holmes faked his own death by plummeting from the roof of St Bart's hospital in London. The most recent moment in the top 10 comes from ITV drama Broadchurch earlier this year, while the oldest dates back to 1987 when Grange Hill featured character Zammo using heroin. Adrian Wills, general manager of the Drama channel said: 'It is clear from our research that Mr Darcy emerging from the lake in Pride And Prejudice continues to set hearts racing amongst TV viewers.' Watch the memorable scene in full here .
highlights: The scene is from a BBC adaptation first screened in 1995 . Beat scenes from soaps, children's series and contemporary programmes . Poll was held to mark the launch of new free-to-air UKTV channel Drama .
id: 7ad32e512ee8c672887376bd5ef547bfa510d1f5
chatgpt: A poll conducted by the newly launched TV channel Drama, has ranked a scene from a 1995 BBC adaptation amongst the top television moments of all time. The scene, which has been voted as the 10th greatest moment in television history, marks a landmark achievement for the BBC adaptation that was first screened more than two decades ago. The poll saw a tough competition from other iconic scenes from soaps, children's series and contemporary programmes. However, it was the adaptation that won viewers' hearts, showcasing the enduring appeal of classic dramas. The BBC's adaptation of Jane Austen's classic novel, Pride and Prejudice, has cemented its place in the hearts of viewers over the years, and its latest achievement is testament to its staying power. The scene in question features Colin Firth's Mr. Darcy emerging from a lake after taking a swim, clad in a soaking wet white shirt, a moment that sent audiences around the world into a frenzy. Responding to the news, the show's director, Simon Langton, expressed his joy at the show's enduring popularity among audiences. "It's always thrilling to hear that the series is still enjoyed so passionately by audiences. It's a testament to the brilliance of Jane Austen's storytelling and the sheer talent and hard work of the entire cast and crew." He added that the show's success was never a foregone conclusion. "We had no idea at the time that the series would become such a phenomenon. We were just so proud of what we had created and hoped that people would enjoy it. To see it still celebrated and appreciated today is truly amazing." The show's success has also paved the way for other classic dramas to be adapted for modern audiences. The recent adaptation of Little Women, starring Saoirse Ronan and Emma Watson, is just one example of this trend. Despite the challenges posed by newer and more fast-paced shows, there is still a place for timeless classics in the world of television. The success of the BBC's Pride and Prejudice adaptation is a testament to this fact. Drama, the UK television channel that commissioned the poll, is set to launch later this year, with a focus on airing classic British dramas. The channel is a joint venture between the BBC and ITV, two of the UK's largest broadcasters, and is set to become a welcome addition to the country's television landscape. As audiences continue to look for quality programming that stands the test of time, it seems likely that the BBC's classic adaptation will continue to be enjoyed for many years to come. Its latest accolade is a welcome reminder of the enduring power of great storytelling and iconic characters.