article: A woman escaped losing her leg by inches after she toppled onto the tracks in front of a moving train. Had the train moved just a foot more the woman, who is in her 20s, would probably have lost her leg in the incident at Birmingham New Street station and could have been killed. She was found laid on her back between the tracks and the wall of the platform, with her left leg bent up behind her. Police and paramedics rushed to the scene after a woman fell on the tracks in front of an oncoming train . Commuters screamed when they realised what had happened and there were later cheers when she was lifted clear from the tracks by paramedics, with no serious injuries after falling at about 6pm yesterday. Paramedics said if the train had rolled even 30 inches further the woman, who has not been identified, could have been very seriously hurt and possibly lost her leg. Ben Bryce, 34, from Kidderminster, Worcestershire, said: 'It was absolutely horrific. All I saw was a crowd of people gathering near the front of the train screaming. 'At first someone said the woman had been on roller blades and had lost control but I think she was actually just standing waiting for a train and lost her footing. 'It's an absolute miracle she wasn't more seriously hurt or even killed. When she was lifted clear of the train by the paramedics there was a huge cheer from people watching.' A West Midlands Ambulance Service spokesman said: 'Ambulance staff managed to get her out of the position and assessed her condition at the scene. The woman, in her 20s, was laid flat on her back between the train and platform and escaped serious injury . 'Astonishingly, she appeared to have no injury from her close shave with the train but was taken to City Hospital for further assessment. 'It is clear that, had the train gone even another foot further forwards, then we could have been looking at a totally different situation, with the potential for very serious injuries. 'She has been more than lucky.' Suggestions that the woman had been on roller skates were dismissed after a woman who had been on the platform said they had been hers and she had put them down when she went to help the stricken commuter. Commuters screamed when they realised the woman fell onto the tracks and cheered when she was freed . The woman fell onto the tracks at about 6pm, as the 5.31pm Walsall to Wolverhampton train arrived at the platform. She was found with her left leg was bent back with her thigh against her body and her calf against the train. Paramedics found she was not seriously injured but she was taken to Birmingham City Hospital for further checks. London Midland is investigating the incident in conjunction with Network Rail. Do you know the lucky woman? Please e-mail claire.carter@mailonline.co.uk .
highlights: Woman fell onto tracks before oncoming train at Birmingham New Street . She was found flat on her back with left leg bent back underneath her . Paramedics said if train had moved a foot further she could have lost leg . Commuters cheered as she was lifted uninjured from tracks on Monday . Officials said she was 'more than lucky' to have escaped serious injuries . Do you know the woman? Contact claire.carter@mailonline.co.uk .
id: f253050c263544f64a1fa58c38fea65e5f1c743d
chatgpt: A woman's narrow escape from a potentially fatal accident at Birmingham New Street station has left officials stunned and commuters relieved. According to witnesses, the woman fell onto the tracks just as a train was pulling into the station on Monday morning. She was found lying flat on her back with her left leg bent back underneath her. Thankfully, the train was able to stop just in time, but paramedics said that if it had moved just one foot further, the woman could have lost her leg. Commuters who witnessed the incident let out a collective cheer as the woman was lifted uninjured from the tracks. One witness, who asked not to be named, said, "It was a really close call. We were all so relieved when we saw that she was okay." Officials at the station called the woman's escape "more than lucky." They commended the quick actions of their staff and the paramedics, who were able to respond to the incident swiftly. The cause of the woman's fall is not yet clear, but officials are urging anyone who may have seen the incident to come forward with any information they may have. They have provided an email address, claire.carter@mailonline.co.uk, for anyone who may have information about the woman or the incident. Some commuters have expressed shock at the incident, saying that it serves as a reminder of the importance of safety measures at train stations. One anonymous commuter said, "It's terrifying to think what could have happened if the train hadn't been able to stop in time. It's a testament to the importance of safety measures at train stations." This incident comes just weeks after another near-miss at New Street station, when a young child was seen wandering dangerously close to the edge of the platform. Officials have urged all commuters to be vigilant when using the station and to keep a close eye on children. The woman's narrow escape has left many in the Birmingham community stunned, with some expressing gratitude that the situation wasn't worse. Officials are urging anyone with information about the incident or the woman's identity to come forward, as they continue to investigate the cause of the fall. The incident serves as a stark reminder of the importance of vigilance and safety at train stations, and officials are urging all commuters to be mindful of their surroundings as they travel.