article: (CNN) -- For 34 years, she has obsessed about food, relationships, work, and her mother -- but now Cathy the comic-strip character is about to say goodbye. Creator Cathy Guisewite says she is ending the comic strip in October in order to spend more time with her family and pursue new creative ventures. The strip, which has run in some 1,400 newspapers, will run for the last time October 3, according to Universal Uclick, the syndicate. "After almost 34 years of meeting newspaper deadlines," Guisewite said in a statement, "I'm facing some personal deadlines whose requirements simply exceed my ability to procrastinate any longer: an 18-year-old daughter who needs a full-time mom to help her through her last year of high school and beyond ... beloved parents I want to be able to visit more often ... and a creative biological clock, which is urging me to try something else while I can." Cathy has been a hit with people who appreciated her comic neuroses, which often resulted in her trademark exclamation, "AACK!" As a result, she has been featured on everything from refrigerator magnets and coffee mugs to calendars and T-shirts. The titles of Cathy book collections reveal the character's obsession with weight, food, shopping and shoes: Abs of Steel, Buns of Cinnamon (1997); Shoes: Chocolate for the Feet (2000); and Wake Me Up When I'm a Size 5 (1985). An early collection from 1982 had a cover showing Cathy on her sofa, surrounded by her TV, snacks, and a teddy bear. The title: Another Saturday Night of Wild and Reckless Abandon. Guisewite began the strip when she started working in the mid-1970s, said Lee Salem, president and editor of Universal Uclick. "Cathy Guisewite would send her mother drawings describing the latest trauma in her life as a single young career woman, and in response, her mother urged her to try her hand at a comic strip," Salem said in a statement. "The day the submission arrived in our office, we had a contract out to Cathy in return mail. Seven months later, the strip began in newspapers." It wasn't an immediate hit, but Cathy steadily gained popularity and eventually appeared in hundreds of newspapers. There are more than 30 Cathy books. "Cathy has held a distinguished place in newspaper comic sections for more than three decades because of Cathy Guisewite's skillful hand," said Salem. "Cathy balances truth and humor and speaks to women in a way that few comics have ever attempted. She is a cultural icon and her strip has earned its place among the modern greats."
highlights: 'Cathy' has run in hundreds of newspapers for 34 years . Cathy's comic neuroses have made her a popular character . Creator Cathy Guisewite says it will end in October . Guisewite wants to spend more time with her family .
id: 284ef37d7fd616bf57938a6768bedd376498c868
chatgpt: After captivating audiences for 34 years, the end of the beloved comic strip "Cathy" is finally approaching. Creator Cathy Guisewite has announced that the iconic strip will finally come to a close in October of this year. The comic, featuring its titular character experiencing outrageous events and sharing her neuroses with readers all over the world, has been featured in hundreds of newspapers since its inception. In fact, "Cathy" quickly became a household name and a regular staple in the funny pages. Despite her immense success, Guisewite decided that it was time to close the chapter on "Cathy." Speaking to fans in a heartfelt statement, Guisewite revealed that she wants to spend more time with her family and to pursue other creative endeavors. "I'm excited and a little bit scared to let Cathy go," Guisewite said. "But I want to spend more time with my family and explore new creative projects." The decision to end "Cathy" has been met with a mix of emotions from fans around the world. Many have expressed their sadness that they will no longer be able to follow along with the neurotic but lovable protagonist as she navigates the ups and downs of life. However, others have expressed their support for Guisewite and her decision to end the strip. "Cathy" has always resonated with audiences because of her relatable nature. Her struggles with weight, relationships, and work-life balance have struck a chord with many readers who have seen themselves in her experiences. Over the years, "Cathy" has become an icon in the world of comics. Her recognizable face has been printed on countless merchandise, from t-shirts to coffee mugs. Her impact on popular culture cannot be underestimated - she has become a true household name. As "Cathy" draws to a close, many fans are reflecting on the impact that the strip had on their lives. From laughs to tears, "Cathy" has elicited a range of emotions from readers over the past few decades. While the strip may be ending, its legacy will undoubtedly live on for years to come. In the end, Guisewite's decision to end "Cathy" is a reflection of her deep love and admiration for the character she created. By choosing to end the strip on her own terms, Guisewite has ensured that "Cathy's" legacy will remain intact. As we say goodbye to the comic, we can rest assured that her spirit will continue to live on with her legions of devoted fans.