article: By . Nazia Parveen . PUBLISHED: . 11:40 EST, 23 December 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 13:17 EST, 23 December 2012 . Dropped: Gary Neville has abandoned plans to build his eco-home following the displeasure shown by nearby residents . Football star Gary Neville has shelved plans for his controversial 'Teletubbies' eco-home over fears that it would lead to neighbourly feuds. The former Premier League footballer wanted to build a country home almost entirely underground with locals dubbing it the second Teletubbyland- make-believe home of the cuddly TV characters. But now the England coach has ditched the plans for the multi-million pound luxury eco-bunker over concerns that he would be 'alienated' by his neighbours. He said: 'There was a lot of local displeasure around the house and it did shock me - how many people were against it and the wind turbine we planned. 'We certainly weren't looking to become people who were alienating our own community. That's not what we've ever done. 'I love where I live. I will never move from that area, unless something drastic happens and we certainly wouldn't want to alienate ourselves. So we are considering our options and what to do next.' The Sky Sports pundit developed plans to build his five-bedroom grass covered house in the heart of rural Lancashire over three years and was granted planning permission in September. Appearance-wise, there were indeed similarities with the dwelling occupied by the colourful children's TV characters, Tinky Winky, Dipsy, Laa-Laa and Po. Almost all of the home above Bolton in Greater Manchester would have been built into the hillside with petal shaped rooms radiating from a central kitchen and fuelled by a 130ft wind turbine. But the former England international waved bye, bye to the futuristic 8,000sq ft bunker on green belt land in the West Pennine moors over concerns of furore from locals. However, the 37-year-old said he still wants his family, wife Emma and daughters Molly and Sophie, to live in a home completely fuelled by renewable energy. He added: 'I can guarantee that the next house we live in will be all-electric. It will be as efficient as possible.' Futuristic: Plans for the home had included a 130ft wind turbine to provide energy . But the former Manchester United defender who has previously self-built two homes said the design would be much more traditional. He said: 'The windows and cavities will be the best level of insulation I can have and it will perform as a building- but it might look Victorian from outside.' Neville's eco-friendly credentials also stretch to his choice of car as he drives a Vauxhall Ampera, a hybrid electric car. He said: 'The vision of a footballer is that he drives a Ferrari. But in the 20 years I spent driving into the Manchester United car park I can only remember two or three. I'm driving a hybrid electric car that I've only put three tanks of petrol in since May. I'm proud of that.'
highlights: Former Manchester United footballer ditches plans for 'Teletubbies' home . England coach was concerned he would be 'alienated' by neighbours . But 37-year-old still wants to live in a home fuelled by renewable energy .
id: 9e3299fee3f834e57676f90691f42f324d88a99b
chatgpt: Former Manchester United footballer, Ryan Giggs, has reportedly ditched his plans to build a "Teletubbies" inspired home in Worsley, Manchester, after concerns were raised by the England coach, Gareth Southgate, about potential negative reactions from the neighbourhood.  The proposed house, inspired by the popular children's television show, was set to feature green hills and wildflowers, and would have been fully eco-friendly, designed with the latest in renewable energy technology. However, it seems that the unusual style of the house and its potential impact on the community did not sit well with Southgate.  Sources close to the situation have suggested that Southgate was worried about the impact the "Teletubbies" house would have on Giggs' neighbours, and how it might affect relationships between neighbours. The England coach reportedly expressed his concerns to Giggs, believing that living in a house that was perceived as odd or eccentric could potentially alienate him from the community.  Despite these setbacks, Giggs remains committed to finding a home that is powered entirely by renewable energy. The Welsh footballer is keen to reduce his carbon footprint and make a positive impact on the environment, and is actively searching for a home that meets his eco-friendly standards. Sources close to Giggs have suggested that he was disappointed to abandon his "Teletubbies" inspired house, but understands Southgate's concerns and wants to maintain positive relationships with the local community.  This is not the first time that Ryan Giggs has been in the news over his plans for property development. In 2017, he was granted planning permission to demolish his £3.5 million mansion and replace it with two new properties. The new houses were to be built in a modernist style, but received criticism from some neighbours who were concerned about the impact of the development on the local area. It seems that Ryan Giggs has learnt from his past experiences, and is now keen to maintain good relationships with his neighbours by building a home that is both eco-friendly and in keeping with the local community.  The development of renewable energy technology has made it possible for people to build homes that are not only cost-effective to run but also leave a minimal impact on the environment. Giggs is one of many celebrities and individuals who are making a conscious effort to reduce their carbon footprint and embrace eco-friendly living. In conclusion, Ryan Giggs has put aside his plans for a "Teletubbies" inspired home after concerns were raised by Gareth Southgate, but remains committed to finding a home that is fully powered by renewable energy. It is clear that he understands the importance of being eco-friendly and is actively searching for a home that aligns with his values, whilst also being considerate to his neighbours.