article: Washington (CNN) -- Airplane manufacturer Boeing builds some of the most complicated machines on Earth, but in its efforts to make wireless signals on airplanes better it turned to the produce aisle for help. Wednesday the company announced a "breakthrough" in the procedures it uses to evaluate wireless signals in cabins, saying in a news release the tests make "it possible for passengers to enjoy more reliable connectivity when using networked personal electronic devices in the air." The new procedures come, in part, thanks to 20,000 pounds of potatoes that were piled in the seats of a decommissioned plane used for the tests. The tubers mimic the way the human body responds to electronic signals, so engineers at Boeing's Test & Evaluation Laboratory used the spud-filled plane to try out the new methods without requiring hundreds of people to sit in the aircraft. Once the engineers had the methods down, they were able to replace the starchy veggies and validate the data with humans. Boeing says the procedures it developed can reduce the time it takes to test wireless signals from two weeks to just 10 hours. "One of the wonderful aspects of our improved testing is that we can describe both strong and weak signals with incredible accuracy," Boeing spokesman Adam Tischler said in a statement to CNN. "Engineers who are concerned primarily with operational safety of an airplane can see if the strong signals are safe for the airplane's communication and navigation systems. Meanwhile, an engineer who is concerned with getting every passenger a really good network signal can see if the weak signals are propagating through the airplane with enough power to provide a good usability experience." Most Americans are familiar with wi-fi Internet connections provided on airplanes, but the Federal Communications Commission and the Federal Aviation Administration have prohibited U.S. airlines from allowing cell phones in flight due to concerns about interference. Some countries do allow cell phone use on board planes with specially designed cell phone receivers, devices which Boeing sells and installs. "We can actually apply this kind of testing to just about any signal," spokesman Tischler said. "This is more than just wi-fi testing. We can test for safety and usability for all manner of personal electronic devices that might get used on an airplane." As for the potatoes that were used in the tests, Boeing says they were donated to a food bank.
highlights: Boeing tests new methods to provide wireless signals to passengers . Instead of loading a plane with people for the tests, it piles in potatoes . The tubers mimic the way the human body responds to electronic signals .
id: 1fed503af1d64a9568cdeaf8fff3c5f30669ad76
chatgpt: Boeing has announced that it has been testing new wireless signal methods for in-flight communication. However, instead of using ordinary test subjects, the tests involved potatoes. The use of potatoes is a significant departure from the traditional method of testing electromagnetic signals, but Boeing believes it’s a more effective way of testing. The potatoes were used to mimic the way the human body responds to electronic signals. The tests were carried out in a laboratory environment where different types of electromagnetic signals were sent through the potatoes to measure their effectiveness. The results of the tests have been used to create new signal types that will provide a better in-flight communication experience for passengers. Boeing's new wireless signal methods have been designed to produce stronger signals that are resistant to interference from other electronics, such as mobile phones and laptops. This will allow passengers to receive a strong signal no matter where they are in the airplane. The new signal methods will also enable faster data transfer rates, which will allow passengers to download and upload data much quicker than before. The use of potatoes might seem strange at first, but it makes sense when considering that they're similar to the human body in terms of their electrical properties. They're made up of water and minerals, which makes them a good conductor of electricity. In particular, a potato's ability to mimic the human body’s electrical properties is what makes them useful in testing wireless signals. This new technique could have a significant impact on the aviation industry, especially as airlines attempt to provide better in-flight communication to passengers. With the use of potatoes, Boeing engineers can simulate the way signals interact with the human body but without the need for human test subjects. This means that they can test the signals in a controlled environment and make adjustments where necessary.  Boeing has not given any indication of when these new wireless signal methods will be implemented, but it's clear that the company is committed to providing a better in-flight communication experience for passengers. With the continued growth of the aviation industry, in-flight entertainment and communication will become increasingly important, and Boeing is well-positioned to offer innovative solutions to this challenge. In conclusion, Boeing has shown that it's willing to think outside of the box when it comes to testing new innovations. The use of potatoes to mimic the human body's electrical properties might seem strange, but it's a novel way to approach the problem of in-flight communication. With this new method, Boeing will be able to provide better wireless signal quality and faster data transfer rates, ultimately leading to an improved in-flight experience.