article: Photos of the police officer performing a sex act in uniform were leaked and an investigation was launched by senior police bosses . Police in Puerto Rico have suspended a female police officer after photos of her performing a sex act in uniform ended up being leaked to fellow officers. According to a police insider, the images were taken by a male colleague at the police station and were posted onto social media. But not long after, they ended up on the phones of most officers in the country and quickly went viral. When senior police officers heard about it they launched an investigation to find out if the images were genuine, and quickly identified the police officer as being a serving member of the force. They said that the young woman, Cynthia Marrero Pomales, 29, was serving in Carolina, a town in north-eastern Puerto Rico near the capital San Juan. They added that she had been suspended while an investigation was carried out over allegations that she had offended the honour of the police force and damaged its reputation in public. She has reportedly been interviewed and given a statement but no details were given to local media. In one of the pictures the young woman also has the flag of the United States draped over part of her body. She reportedly uploaded the pictures herself on social media although it is understood that she had not intended for them to be shared outside of a small private circle of friends. The superintendent of police in Puerto Rico, Jose Luis Caldero Lopez, confirmed the authenticity of the images and announced that the young policewoman has since been suspended. This is not the first time a sex scandal has disgraced police in Puerto Rico. In 2014, photographs of two cops performing a sex act inside the presidential palace were shared and published, resulting in the officers being expelled from the force. Cynthia Marrero Pomales, 29, was serving in  a town  near the capital San Juan when the images emerged . She has now been suspended as police chiefs conduct an investigation into the pictures . The police station in Carolina, north-eastern Puerto Rico, where the incident is alleged to have occurred .
highlights: Police suspend officer for photos of her performing sex act in uniform . The pictures were taken by a male colleague but were then leaked . Images then ended up on the phones of most officers in Puerto Rico . She was suspended for accusations she had damaged police reputation .
id: ac8d3cb9c6c303d4d4a4b3a5c0af1a02c6c5e91f
chatgpt: In a scandal that has rocked the Puerto Rico police department, a female officer has been suspended after intimate photos of her in uniform were leaked. The pictures were taken by a male colleague and were intended to be private, but somehow ended up on almost all the phones of officers in the department. The images showed the officer performing a sex act while wearing her uniform. The male colleague who took the photos has not been named and it is unclear how the images were leaked. The Puerto Rico police department confirmed the suspension of the officer, citing accusations that she had damaged the reputation of the police force. It is unclear if any further disciplinary action will be taken against her. The incident has caused widespread outrage and condemnation within the department, with many officers expressing their disgust at the alleged behavior of their colleagues. Several officers have called for a thorough investigation into the leak of the photos, with some suggesting that the incident is indicative of wider problems within the department. The scandal comes at a time of heightened scrutiny of the Puerto Rico police force. The department has been under investigation for a number of alleged abuses, including corruption, excessive use of force, and systemic discrimination against racial minorities. Some commentators have suggested that the leak of the intimate photos is symptomatic of a toxic culture within the department, where women and minority groups are routinely subjected to discrimination and harassment. Many are calling for drastic reforms, including more rigorous training and oversight, in order to address these issues. Others, however, have defended the police department, arguing that incidents such as this are the exception rather than the rule, and that the vast majority of officers are hardworking and dedicated public servants. Whatever the case, the scandal has cast a shadow over the Puerto Rico police department, and raised important questions about accountability and transparency within law enforcement. It remains to be seen what action, if any, will be taken in response to this latest controversy.