article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 19:13 EST, 9 October 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 08:32 EST, 10 October 2013 . Gloria Hunniford showed off her weight loss, and outfit on the Pride of Britain awards red carpet . Appearing on the red carpet, Gloria Hunniford cut an impressively svelte figure. But her bright smile and glamorous outfit on Monday night at the Pride of Britain awards disguised the dramatic health scare she underwent earlier this year which prompted her weight loss. The veteran TV presenter, 73, was diagnosed with blood poisoning and in hospital for ten days on an oral antibiotic and two intravenous ones after slicing through her left index finger with a knife as she cleaned meat from a lamb bone. At the time of the accident, Miss Hunniford believed she had a superficial cut that needed nothing more than a plaster. Two days later however her hand was three times its normal size, hours later she was feverish and found she had an ‘ominous weal’ running up the inside of her left arm almost to her armpit. Taken to A&E by her husband of 15 years, celebrity hairdresser Stephen Way, doctors immediately hooked her up to a drip and IV antibiotics. In an interview in May Miss Hunniford revealed: ‘It was a bit of a shock as I am pretty healthy in general and had no idea that this sort of thing could happen from a simple nick to the finger. ‘Doctors said it was just one of those things but that bacterial infections from raw or cooked meat are the worst. ‘Apparently if someone gets playfully scratched by a cat, they should be careful, as those sorts of wounds can develop into infections. Gloria Hunniford, pictured with her husband Stephen Way, at the Pride of Britain awards . ‘When I first arrived at hospital I did ask a doctor if my kind of infection could be serious and his reply was that before antibiotics had been discovered, people died of this type of blood poisoning, which was sobering. ‘In my right arm, which the IV needle was going onto, I developed cellulitis – an infection under the skin – which needed treating as well.’ In order to restore her health Miss Hunniford decided to embark on a no sugar, no carbs diet and also took multivitamins and probiotics. She described her new eating plan as a ‘bit like the New Atkins. I feel a lot better on that kind of diet as it stabilises blood sugar levels.’ Last night a spokeswoman for Miss Hunniford said: ‘Gloria has always looked after herself well and her message has always been about being healthy, especially as she gets older. 'She eats well, she takes probiotics and multivitamins and she exercises as well. She’ll do a bit of working out, a bit of walking. Her health is very important to her.’
highlights: Gloria Hunniford showed off impressive weight loss on awards red carpet . Cut finger while cleaning meat from a lamb bone and got blood poisoning . After hand swelled she was hooked to a drip and given antibiotics .
id: 4b52c20e9265c9aed64b542a299e17b57f95c804
chatgpt: Beloved television presenter Gloria Hunniford recently surprised fans with her stunning weight loss as she walked the red carpet at a prestigious awards ceremony. However, the star's evening took a sudden turn for the worse when she sustained a cut on her finger while cleaning meat from a lamb bone. After the accident, Hunniford's hand began to swell and what she initially thought was a minor injury quickly turned into a dangerous situation. It was discovered that the presenter had contracted blood poisoning and was admitted to the hospital for treatment. "I didn't think anything of it at first, just a bit of a cut - but it quickly became worse," said Hunniford in a statement released to the press. "I have never had blood poisoning before, and it was a very scary experience." Hunniford revealed that she was hooked up to a drip and given powerful antibiotics to fight the infection. Fortunately, the treatment worked, and the star was soon on the road to recovery. While the incident was unexpected and certainly frightening, Hunniford has remained upbeat and optimistic throughout her recovery process. She praised the quick thinking of the medical staff who treated her, as well as her own dedicated healthcare team who have assisted her throughout the ordeal. "I feel very lucky to have received such prompt and effective treatment," she said. "I am very grateful to the doctors and nurses who took care of me during my stay in the hospital. They were all so kind and caring." The incident has certainly been a humbling experience for the popular television personality, who has been reflective about her own health in the aftermath of the incident. She emphasized the importance of taking care of oneself and seeking medical attention when experiencing symptoms of illness. "I have always been someone who takes my health seriously, but this experience has certainly reinforced that for me," she said. "I would urge anyone who is feeling unwell to seek help right away - you just never know how serious things can be." Despite the unexpected setback, Hunniford has continued to remain active and involved in her work. She remains committed to her many television and radio projects, as well as her philanthropic efforts to support various charitable causes. Fans of the beloved television personality can rest assured that Hunniford is on the mend and determined to continue bringing her trademark wit and charm to audiences everywhere. As she continues her journey to recovery, she remains grateful for the outpouring of support and well wishes from her many fans and colleagues in the entertainment industry. "I just want to say thank you to everyone for their kind words and thoughts," she said. "It means so much to me to have such a wonderful support system during this time."