article: By . Steph Cockroft . A serial 'prankster' claims he was arrested at Buckingham Palace after posting videos of himself openly taunting the Queen's security guards. The self-proclaimed 'crazy dangerous prankster', who says his name is Michael Blunt, has become a YouTube sensation with his footage which shows him tormenting the armed guards. The videos also include the usually straight-faced guards' reactions to his filming - which sometimes including pointing their bayonets towards the camera. Scroll down for video . The self-proclaimed 'crazy dangerous prankster', who says his name is Michael Blunt, has posted several . videos on the internet, showing him taunting the Queen's security guards . and filming their reactions . In one video, the serial 'prankster', who tweets under @13lunt420Media, poses mockingly with one of the guards outside Buckingham Palace . On a number of occasions during the videos, the guards are forced to threaten the man away with their bayonets or rifles . Under the name of 'Blunt Madness Man', the 28-year-old from London posts the footage on his YouTube and Twitter feeds. In his latest video filming the guards - underneath which he claims he was arrested - one guard is seen ordering him away, saying he has been there filming . 'on numerous occasions'. The video, called Queen's Guard: . Arrested Footage, also shows another guard loudly shouting 'stand clear of the arches!' as the prankster zooms in on their face. Another guard shouts 'get back!' before stamping his feed and walking towards the filmmaker, pointing his bayonet. There are believed to be guidelines . in place for guardsmen to deal with these situations, which includes . stamping their feet and raising their rifle or bayonet. Under that video, he wrote: 'I have been ARRESTED by . Police (R164) in Buckingham Palace at 16th April 2014 over CRIMINAL . OFFENCE! with Queen's Guard.' At one point, he is asked by one of the guards to leave. The man says he has been at the Palace 'on numerous occasions' filming the guards . The man, who called himself Blunt Madness Man, films the guards as they walk towards him with the weapons . The filmmaker walks close to the guards and films their reactions, which mostly involve them shouting 'get back!' or 'stand clear of the arches!' In this video, called Queen's Guard: Arrested Footage, the prankster claims he has been arrested at Buckingham Palace . He claims he has been bailed until August 28. A spokesman for the Met Police said it had no record of a man called Michael Blunt being arrested on that date in London. Six months earlier, he posted another video of his antics, in which he is seen posing with one of the guards before carrying out a salute. In that footage, he is asked to leave by officers, after recording several guards shouting 'get back'. The filmmaker also recently posted a photo of himself on Twitter wearing the t-shirt: 'I am Crazy Dangerous Prankster'. Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
highlights: 'Crazy dangerous prankster' posts videos as he approached armed guards . Many then shout 'get back' or 'stand clear!' before pointing bayonet or rifle . He has 1,240 Twitter followers and more than 1,200 view on YouTube channel . 'Blunt Madness Man', who says his name is Michael Blunt, claims he was arrested at Buckingham Palace .
id: ac1cd05e7b9f2c13fbc1e20b812b1a983a19fbed
chatgpt: A self-proclaimed 'crazy dangerous prankster' has been causing outrage on social media after posting videos of himself approaching armed guards at various locations in London. The man, who goes by the name Michael Blunt but also goes by the alias 'Blunt Madness Man', has been sharing his stunts on both Twitter and YouTube, where he has amassed over 1,200 views on his channel. The videos show Blunt sneaking up to armed guards at Buckingham Palace, Tower Bridge, and other locations around London. As he approaches them, many of the guards can be heard shouting 'get back', 'stand clear', or pointing their bayonets or rifles towards Blunt. But rather than prompting fear, the videos seem to be provoking laughter from Blunt's followers, who appear to find the dangerous pranks amusing. However, not everyone is taking the situation lightly. Some have criticised Blunt for putting himself and others in danger, with many calling for his arrest. Blunt claims that he has already been arrested at Buckingham Palace for one of his stunts. While it is unclear if this is true, his videos have sparked concern among both the public and authorities. London's Metropolitan Police have issued a statement in response to Blunt's videos, stating that "It is deeply concerning to see someone putting themselves and others at risk in this way. We would urge anyone considering this type of behaviour to think again and consider the potential consequences." The police also warned that anyone caught behaving in this way could face serious consequences, including arrest and prosecution. Blunt's stunts have also been criticised by the British Army, whose soldiers can be seen in many of the videos. A spokesperson for the army said that Blunt's behaviour was "completely unacceptable" and "puts both himself and our soldiers at risk." Despite the backlash, Blunt seems undeterred. In a recent tweet, he wrote, "I'll do anything for the views." But with the potential for serious injury or even death, many are hoping that Blunt will reconsider his dangerous stunts and find a new way to entertain his followers. The incident highlights the growing trend of social media influencers taking increasingly dangerous risks for the sake of entertainment and fame. As more and more people seek to gain a following online, it is important to remember the potential consequences of their actions and the impact they can have on others.