article: KABUL, Afghanistan (CNN) -- A top Taliban commander has issued a new threat to foreign aid workers, saying that under the insurgent group's new "constitution" they will execute them as spies or hold them in exchange for the release of Taliban fighters. Taliban militants pose with their weapons as they drive their car in Wardak province. (File photo) In an exclusive telephone interview Friday night with CNN, Mohammed Ibrahim Hanafi said the Taliban intelligence wing was actively gathering information on foreign aid workers. "If we get someone, that is how we will deal with it under our new constitution," he said. He added that he was telling "Afghan brothers not to work with NGOs." In the 15-minute interview, arranged by an intermediary for CNN, Hanafi repeated the Taliban's pledge to keep girls out of public schools. "Our law is still the same old law which was in place during our rule in Afghanistan," he said. "Mullah Mohammad Omar was our leader and he is still our head and leader and so we will follow the same law as before." "In my opinion," he added, "Taliban aren't allowing girls to go to schools because Taliban want women to preserve their respect by staying in their homes, not to work as laborers for others." Dozens of crimes across the country, especially acid attacks, have marred the opening of the new school year in Afghanistan. Afghan girls have been burned and scared randomly with acid as punishment for going to school. More than 600 schools did not open this year because of security issues, according to the Afghanistan Education Ministry.  Watch what females face in Afghanistan » . The schools that did open, however, remain defiant. Young women admitted to CNN being fearful but also said they are determined to get an education and better their lives. It is a sentiment echoed by their principal, a 35-year veteran of Afghanistan's girls schools. "I am asking those who close schools and throw acid on girls to let the children of this country go to school because it's crime to close the schools, a crime against the children of this country," said Safia Hayat, principal of the Zarghona Girls School in Kabul. Hanafi, meanwhile, went on to discuss possible reconciliation talks with the Afghan government. "I don't think there can be any discussion of peace until the the foreigners leave Afghanistan," he said referring to the presence of coalition troops. While he seemed to confirm that some reconciliation talks were ongoing, Hanafi also said he wondered what kind of peace was possible as long as Afghans are still dying in NATO bombardments. Hanafi described himself as a commander in the southern province of Helmand, but announced a new Taliban offensive in the north was about to begin and that he would be playing a key role there.
highlights: Top Taliban commander issues threat to execute foreign aid workers . Mohammed Ibrahim Hanafi said intelligence wing was gathering information . Hanafi repeated Taliban's pledge to keep girls out of public schools . Commander gave exclusive telephone interview Friday night to CNN .
id: 352bbe04be0a42305e17540c22a36951589cd85a
chatgpt: In the latest development out of Afghanistan, a top Taliban commander, Mohammed Ibrahim Hanafi, issued a threat on Friday night to execute foreign aid workers. Speaking in an exclusive telephone interview with CNN, the commander declared his group’s intelligence wing was gathering information and would take action against any foreign aid workers who are aiding the Afghan government in efforts to stabilize the country. Hanafi’s warning comes as the Taliban cement their hold on Afghanistan, having seized most of the country in recent weeks following the withdrawal of US and NATO forces. The Taliban have been clamping down on aid groups operating in Afghanistan, accusing them of spying for foreign intelligence agencies or being used as cover for military operations against the Taliban. In the telephone interview, Hanafi reiterated the Taliban's pledge to keep girls out of public schools. The Taliban have imposed strict restrictions on women's education and employment, saying it is necessary to preserve traditional Islamic values. However, the group has come under increasing criticism from the international community for their treatment of women and minorities. The threat against foreign aid workers is likely to increase concerns over the humanitarian situation in Afghanistan. The country is facing an escalating conflict, with the UN warning of a possible humanitarian catastrophe. With the Taliban now controlling most of the country, there are fears that the group’s strict interpretation of Islamic law will result in greater restrictions and discrimination against women and girls. The Taliban have tried to present a more moderate image in recent weeks, saying they will respect human rights and allow women to work within the limits of Islamic law. However, these promises have been met with skepticism by many in the international community, who point to the group’s past record of human rights abuses. The threat against foreign aid workers is likely to increase pressure on the international community to do more to help Afghanistan. NGOs have been working to provide much-needed aid to the country, including food, water, and medical supplies. However, with the Taliban now in control of most of the country, these groups may find it harder to operate. The Taliban have been urging the international community to recognize their government, saying they are the legitimate rulers of Afghanistan. However, so far, most countries have resisted these calls, saying they will only engage with the Taliban if they respect human rights and commit to a peaceful resolution of the conflict. In the meantime, the situation in Afghanistan remains precarious, with the threat of violence and instability looming large. Hanafi’s threat against foreign aid workers is a grim reminder of the risks facing those who are working to help the people of Afghanistan during this difficult time. The international community must step up its efforts to provide aid and support to the people of Afghanistan, even as it continues to hold the Taliban accountable for their actions.