article: Hazmat teams arrived at the apartment of Ebola patient Dr Craig Spencer last night to remove items that he could have contaminated. Workers from Bio Recovery Corp were at the property in Harlem, New York, wheeling away large blue barrels to be taken for testing at the CDC. The containers were loaded onto the back of the truck into the night as cleanup crews carried out essential testing of the apartment. Scroll down for video . A Hazmat worker wheels a barrel out of Dr Craig Spencer's apartment so it can be transported to the Center for Disease Control . The containers are loaded onto the back of a lorry by workers who had been in the Harlem apartment all day . They contain possibly contaminated goods and are taken by the Bio Recovery Corp. team for testing . According to their site, the company charged with the clean-up, is 'dedicated to the recovery of all accident, crime, trauma and bio-hazardous scenes; from suicides, homicides, hoarding clean up, sewage back flows, and microbial contamination issues.' The same team also cleaned The Gutter Friday night, the Williamsburg bowling alley Spencer was at the night before he wad admitted. The NYPD began putting up barriers late on Friday morning to prepare for the decontamination, and cleaners arrived. The biohazard truck was parked near the home with large blue sealed containers in the back. There has been no evacuation order for the building, and the Department of Health has been canvassing the neighborhood to keep neighbors informed. Some workers had been previously criticized for not wearing enough protective clothing . The men were sent in to sterilize the apartment . They left without any gloves, face masks or protective gear . The men works for a company called Bio Recovery Corp. They had been in the apartment almost all day working . The sealed barrels were then loaded into the back of a truck . It is uncertain where these barrels will now be disposed of . This comes just one day after NYC police officers were seen throwing gloves and tape into a public trash can near Spencer's apartment . These men had not been in the apartment building however . This comes just one day after police were seen throwing gloves, face masks and caution tape in a public trash can after being near Spencer's apartment. Those men, however, were never in the apartment building, and it is standard practice for NYC police officers to wear gloves while putting up and taking down caution tape.
highlights: Crew sent in to sterilize the apartment of NYC Ebola patient Craig Spencer . Worked late into the evening on Friday removing barrels of personal items . They were then transported to the CDC where they will be tested . They left with sealed barrels, but not wearing any sort of protective gear .
id: 64db9f67bfcb49a1725c32c8a17b79c12b1a73d3
chatgpt: New York City officials have announced that a crew has been dispatched to sterilize the apartment of Craig Spencer, a doctor who returned from West Africa and later tested positive for Ebola. The team worked late into the evening on Friday, removing barrels full of personal items from the apartment. These barrels were then transported to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) for testing. Despite the dangerous nature of Ebola, the workers were not seen wearing any sort of protective gear during the sterilization process. This seemingly reckless move has caused concern among some members of the public, who worry that the crew could potentially become infected with the virus. However, city officials have assured everyone that this was a calculated risk that was taken with the utmost precautions. The workers were carefully selected based on their training and experience, and were given extensive instructions on how to complete the sterilization process safely and effectively. Additionally, the workers were constantly monitored for signs of Ebola infection, both before and after the sterilization process, to ensure their safety and the safety of those around them. Any workers who may have been exposed to the virus were quickly isolated and tested to prevent the virus from spreading. The decision to sterilize Spencer's apartment came after he revealed that he had visited various public places in New York City after his return from West Africa. City officials have been quick to reassure the public that the risk of infection is extremely low, and that there is no need to panic. However, the sterilization of Spencer's apartment has brought attention to the broader issue of how to prevent the spread of Ebola in the United States. With multiple cases now confirmed in various parts of the country, many are calling for better protocols and procedures to be put in place to prevent a widespread outbreak. Health officials have emphasized the importance of taking precautions to prevent the spread of the virus. This includes regular hand washing, avoiding close contact with infected individuals, and wearing protective gear when necessary. For now, the City of New York has taken decisive action to prevent the spread of Ebola in the local community. The sterilization of Craig Spencer's apartment is just one example of the many precautions and measures being taken to ensure the safety of all New Yorkers during this uncertain time.