article: Adam Lallana was back in Liverpool training ahead of his possible debut against Aston Villa this weekend. The 26-year-old joined the club in a £23million summer move but picked up a knee injury after returning from the World Cup and has not featured since. The former Southampton man is now back to full fitness and could make his first appearance for the club in their clash against Villa in the Premier League on Saturday. VIDEO Scroll down for Adam Lallana: Technical ability over strength and pace (archive) Adam Lallana could make his Liverpool debut this weekend when they take on Aston Villa in the league . Adam Lallana joined Liverpool this summer in a £23million deal but immediately picked up an injury . The 23-year-old Adam Lallana was one of three Southampton players to join Liverpool this summer . Paul Lambert's side have made an impressive start to the season, sitting third in the table having won two of their three games. Brendan Rodgers' task has been made harder by the news that Daniel Sturridge could miss up to two weeks with the thigh strain that caused him to sit out the recent England game against Switzerland. Mario Balotelli will likely lead the line in Sturridge's absence but Rickie Lambert could also feature after an impressive cameo against Switzerland. In the absence of Daniel Sturridge Liverpool will be increasingly reliant on 19-year-old Raheem Sterling . Liverpool beat Tottenham in their last league game, Raheem Sterling and Steven Gerrard both scored . Adam Lallana will have to compete with the likes of Philippe Coutinho for a place in the Liverpool side . Brendan Rodgers' side have six points from their opening three games after losing to Manchester City . Raheem Sterling featured heavily in both of England's recent games, and got an assist against Switzerland . Rickie Lambert made an extremely short cameo for England but still set up a goal for Danny Welbeck . Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers shares a joke with Luis Enrique at Melwood .
highlights: Adam Lallana and Liverpool players train at Melwood . Former Southampton man could make his debut against Aston Villa . Brendan Rodgers will be without Daniel Sturridge . Sturridge missed England win over Switzerland with a thigh injury .
id: b79b782d94beebc6635bc0168de899877142945a
chatgpt: As the Premier League season gathers pace, Liverpool are ramping up their preparations to take on Aston Villa. The Merseyside giants are hoping to bounce back from a disappointing start to the season which saw them pick up just one point from a possible six. One positive for Liverpool fans is the potential arrival of Adam Lallana. The former Southampton man has yet to make his debut for the club but has been in full training with the Liverpool squad. If selected, he could play a key role for Brendan Rodgers' side as they look to get their season back on track. Liverpool will be without star striker Daniel Sturridge for the game against Villa. The England international missed the recent international break due to a thigh injury and is expected to be out for a number of weeks. His absence will be felt by the Liverpool faithful, but it could provide an opportunity for Lallana to make a big impact in his first game for the club. The Liverpool boss is keeping his cards close to his chest when it comes to the selection of his starting XI but has hinted that Lallana could be in line for a debut. Speaking to the club's official website, Rodgers said: "Adam has been back in training this week so we'll see how he is over the next few days." Despite Liverpool's slow start to the season, Rodgers remains confident that his team can challenge for top honours this season. The Northern Irishman has already bolstered his squad with the signings of Christian Benteke, Roberto Firmino and Nathaniel Clyne, and is hoping that Lallana can add some creativity to his midfield. Liverpool fans will be eagerly anticipating the arrival of Lallana, who impressed for Southampton in the Premier League last season. The 27-year-old scored nine goals and provided six assists in 37 appearances for the Saints, and will be hoping to replicate that form in a Liverpool shirt. As Liverpool prepare to face Aston Villa, all eyes will be on Lallana, who could make his debut for the club. With Sturridge out injured, the former Southampton man could prove to be the difference-maker for the Merseysiders as they seek to get their season back on track.