article: By . Hugo Gye . PUBLISHED: . 11:31 EST, 20 February 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 18:25 EST, 20 February 2013 . When these conifers were first planted in a front garden on a residential street, the neighbour next door fondly hoped they might be miniatures. But 30ft later, it’s abundantly clear that the trees are full-size – and after 17 years the dispute between the two homes has escalated to the point where the families only communicate by letter. Furious Ken Elliott, 55, is at war with Dale Woolley, 59, who has let the trees grow so high they completely obscure his house from the road in Cannock, Staffordshire. 'Private forest': The 30ft conifers outside Dale Woolley's house in Cannock, Staffordshire . Outrage: Neighbour Ken Elliott, pictured outside his own house, is up in arms about the oversized trees . The roots of the row go back to 1996, . when Mr Elliott asked his neighbours if they could uproot a dividing . hedge and build a wall to separate the two homes. Mr Elliott paid for a contractor to . remove the hedge and offered to buy the Woolleys mini-conifers by way of . compensation, an offer that was turned down. However, some months later the . Elliotts noticed that conifers had been planted in their neighbours’ garden and it soon became apparent that they were not miniatures. A laurel tree also in the front garden has been cut back at Mr Elliott’s request but has grown back again. 'Intrusion': Mr Elliott claims Mr Woolley's trees, right, have a damaging effect on his house, left . Feud: The next-door neighbours no longer talk and communicate their anger by letter . Now former miner Mr Elliott is preparing to launch a legal battle to have the trees cut down to size. Last night he said: ‘It’s an eyesore. We cut it on our side but there’s only so far we can reach. ‘We don’t open our front curtains any more because then we haven’t got to face it.’ But Mr Woolley’s son Tristan, 29,  said: ‘The trees don’t affect their light.’ He added: ‘When I come outside to have a cigarette, it’s like being in your own private forest. The birds love it.’ Cannock Chase Council planning . projects officer John Heminsley said Mr Elliott has been told he could . make a formal complaint to the council asking for officers to . investigate. He said: ‘Mr Elliott chose not to pursue this matter and the council have had no further contact from him about this point.’
highlights: Dale Woolley planted 'private forest' outside his home in Staffordshire . But neighbour Ken Elliott is furious and plans to launch legal action .
id: e541d12e6b4de14cdcb90bece1b691b9b7985b88
chatgpt: Staffordshire resident Dale Woolley has been met with legal threats from his neighbour, Ken Elliott, over the creation of a 'private forest' outside of his home. Woolley, a nature enthusiast, had planted the area in order to both promote and practice sustainable living. However, Elliott, who resides beside Woolley, has claimed that the new forest has disrupted the tranquility of his garden and is now set to launch a legal case against Woolley. According to reports, Woolley had initially sought to use the land for some form of environmentally friendly initiative. After considering various options, he ultimately decided to plant countless trees and bushes around the periphery of his property. The aim of this was to create an enclosed outdoor space that would both promote wildlife and provide space for him to practice his passion for gardening. Despite Woolley's positive intentions, Mr. Elliott has argued that the creation of the forest has caused ever-increasing noise levels outside his property. He has furthermore claimed that the vegetation has disrupted the natural drainage in the area, which could have negative implications for any nearby homes during periods of heavy rainfall. Since the project's creation, the feud between the two neighbours has only seemed to intensify. In response, Woolley had offered to decrease the size of his "private forest" significantly. However, despite this, he has been informed that he will still face legal action later this year by his neighbour.  Despite the ongoing battle, Woolley has received praise and support from many in the community.  Paul Simpson, a retired headteacher and local councillor spoke out in Woolley's favour, stating that “Dale has done a fantastic job in transforming a formerly neglected area into a stunning environment for himself and wildlife. The fact that Ken is unable to see the benefits and has chosen legal action is a clear indication of his negativity towards progress.” Simpson further suggested that the planting of trees could provide far-reaching benefits, given the pressing need for greater levels of biodiversity and carbon emission reduction. However, he admitted that mediation between the two parties would certainly be required if they were to amicably find a way forward. Given the potential for this case to set a significant precedent, many will be eagerly awaiting the outcome of the forthcoming court battle between the two neighbours. With the tensions showing no signs of easing anytime soon, the case is one that could have a profound and lasting impact on both the environment and any future land development in the area.