article: Apple’s latest and greatest operating system is making people sick – literally. The animations and transitions added to iOS 7 have unexpectedly been making people nauseous and giving them motion sickness. The issue is so prevalent, in fact, that it has an entire message thread filled with complaints on Apple’s forums, first spotted by The Verge, and complaints have been building on Twitter as well. Scroll down for video... Sick to their stomachs: The iPhone 5S, with it's shiny new iOS 7 operating system, is making people sick . ‘The zoom animations everywhere on the new iOS 7 are literally making me nauseous and giving me a headache,’ wrote forum user Ensorceled. ‘It's exactly how I used to get car sick if I tried to read in the car.’ Actress Eliza Dushku took to Twitter to voice her discontent. ‘Ok now the new #iOS7 is making me motion-sick,’ Ms Dushku tweeted. Unable to downgrade: Users have complained in Apple forums of being unable to downgrade to avoid the issue . The main source of the problem appears to be the zooming animation added in the recent upgrade. ‘Yes, APPLE! Please allow disabling of all this ZOOMING!’ User gillywonk posted to the forum. Some users have even complained they wanted to downgrade back to iOS 6, despite the large list of new features added in iOS 7. ‘I have the same problem. It hurts my eyes and makes me dizzy,’ Ldejeant posted to the forum. ‘So annoying that we can't downgrade!!!! Really unhappy with Apple on this one :-(‘ . Here's the problem: The zooming animation and transitions between apps are causing nausea among users . Apple released an update to iOS 7 Friday, but that addressed a separate issue where users could get past the phone’s lock screen without entering a password or other security information. ‘Add me to the nauseous and headache list,’ KelDC wrote in the forum. ‘Apple please give users the option to not have to look at it!’ MailOnline was not immediately able to reach Apple for comment.
highlights: iOS 7 is giving people motion sickness . Many users are blaming the zooming animation for making them nauseous .
id: 8a1151322bfe230cd70487f7b192e4e1ab4b449b
chatgpt: Apple's latest iOS 7 software update has been causing some users to experience motion sickness. Many are pointing to the zooming animation feature, which is said to be causing people to feel nauseous. Despite the update being released several weeks ago, the problem is only now starting to gain attention. Many users have taken to forums and social media to share their experiences of feeling dizzy and nauseous after using their iPhones. The zooming animation, which is displayed when opening and closing apps or switching between screens, is believed to be the main cause of the problem. The animation gives the impression that the app is zooming in or out of the screen, which can cause the user's eyes and body to feel disorientated. One user shared their experience on Twitter, saying "I've been using my iPhone for years but with the new iOS 7 update, I get motion sickness every time I use it. Something about the zooming animation makes me dizzy". Other users have reported similar side effects, with some claiming that the animation also causes headaches and eye strain. While some users have found ways to combat the issue by turning off certain features of the software or reducing the animation speed, others are calling on Apple to address the problem directly. Apple have yet to comment on the issue, but it is not the first time that their software updates have caused problems for users. In 2010, the iPhone 4 was famously plagued by antennagate, which caused signal problems for users. Despite this, Apple's iPhone remains one of the most popular smartphones on the market, with many fans eagerly anticipating the release of the iPhone 8 later this year. Overall, the side effects caused by the zooming animation feature on Apple's iOS 7 have been causing some users to feel nauseous and suffer from motion sickness. As the problem gains more attention, it remains to be seen whether Apple will issue a software update to address the issue.