article: (CNN) -- Christina Hendricks' decision to star in "Mad Men" was a risk that paid off. When the 39-year-old actress first spotted the script for Matthew Weiner's '60s-era drama, her interest was piqued. But while she was all in to play Joan Holloway, the sharp and curvacious secretary who would rise to become an integral member of "Mad Men's" world, Hendricks' agency wasn't so sure. "They said, 'It's a period piece, it's never going to go anywhere," the actress told U.K. paper The Guardian. "'We need you to make money and this isn't going to make money.'" The agency, she continued, "ended up dropping me." But to Hendricks, the promise of "Mad Men" outweighed the potential for failure. "I had been on several shows that were meant to be the big ones, that would go on for ever, and they didn't," she pointed out. "So there was no sure bet and I'd already taken a chance on them and I felt, why not do the one you're in love with and take a chance on that?" Taking that chance has led to a breakthrough role for the actress, who until "Mad Men" had done a few appearances on TV series "ER," "Beggars and Choosers" and "Angel." But after stepping into Joan's shoes, and earning five Emmy nominations along the way, Hendricks' popularity has soared. The treatment she receives now from the public is a far cry from what she suffered in high school, where Hendricks said she was bullied. "We had a locker bay, and every time I went down there to get books out of my locker people would sit on top and spit at me," Hendricks told The Guardian. "So I had to have my locker moved because I couldn't go in there ... I felt scared in high school. It was like 'Lord of the Flies.' There was always some kid getting pummeled and people cheering." At this point, she could attend her high school reunion just to have the last laugh, but Hendricks said that she hasn't held on to any bitterness about those days. "You know, I had so much anger about that time, that experience, for so long and I don't know what dissipated it, but now it's gone," Hendricks said. "I feel some sadness about it, about how cruel kids can be to each other, but that's it. ... I haven't gone to any reunions. I'm sure, if I did, they would have no idea I went there. No idea."
highlights: Christina Hendricks was dropped by her agency over "Mad Men" But the risk paid off, as the series has earned her five Emmy nods . She was also bullied in high school .
id: 8d7fd56c4561712e7a7e8cba056d27ecc9a602fb
chatgpt: Christina Hendricks, the popular American actress, faced setbacks and challenges in both her personal and professional life. However, she has managed to overcome them and come out on top. Hendricks, popularly known for her role as Joan Holloway in the critically acclaimed TV show, "Mad Men", recently revealed that she was dropped by her agency over her involvement with the show. However, the risk paid off as the series has earned her five Emmy nods, and she became a household name among fans of the show. The actress's journey to success hasn't been without its share of lower points. Hendricks was also bullied in high school, an experience that she has spoken about several times. She says that it was a tough time for her, but it was something that helped her become stronger and more resilient. Despite the bullying, Hendricks never lost the drive to succeed. Following the cancellation of Mad Men, the actress went on to star in several other projects, including the 2018 movie "The Strangers: Prey at Night". She also featured in "Good Girls" and "Hap and Leonard". Needless to say, Christina Hendricks has come a long way since her early days. In a recent interview, the actress spoke about the importance of staying true to oneself, regardless of what others may say. She also stressed the importance of perseverance, especially in a cut-throat industry such as Hollywood. Hendricks' resilience and determination to succeed have made her an inspiration to many young girls around the world. The actress's most recent role has been in "The Unusual Suspects", a British TV show. Hendricks plays the role of a con artist, and viewers have been praising her for her engaging and entertaining performance. The fact that the show has a largely female lead cast makes Hendricks's role all the more exciting. In conclusion, Christina Hendricks is a living example of how hard work, determination, and resilience can overcome any obstacle that life may throw one's way. Despite the challenges she has faced, the actress has remained steadfast in her pursuit of excellence. Hendricks's journey from being bullied in high school to becoming a globally renowned actress is indeed an inspiring one, proving that anything is possible with the right mindset and hard work.