article: By . Ted Thornhill . There are still dangerously high radiation levels at Japan’s crippled Fukushima Dai-ichi nuclear reactor – but now the plant’s owner is able to see the normally invisible threat. The Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA) has created a prototype ‘Super-wide Angle Compton Camera’ capable of creating images of gamma ray-emitting radioactive particles. This equipment is based on the gamma ray-observing sensor technology to be added to the agency’s next X-ray observation satellite, ASTRO-H. Radiation-seeker: The Super-wide Angle Compton Camera is capable of creating images of gamma ray-emitting particles . It is expected to be able to create visual images of radioactive particles that have collected at high altitudes such as building roofs where it is difficult to conduct measurements with existing equipment. It can also detect particles that have widely dispersed on the ground and residential houses. Last month  JAXA, the Japan Atomic Energy Agency and the plant’s owner, the Tokyo Electric Power Company conducted a successful field test of the camera at the Kusano area of Iitate village in Fukushima Prefecture. Threat assessment: Fukushima workers will be able to use the camera to pinpoint the normally invisible threat . The camera was developed for the agency¿s next X-ray observation satellite, ASTRO-H . The Fukushima nuclear disaster in Japan triggered was triggered by a giant tsunami . Radioactive contamination from the Fukushima power plant disaster has been detected in the Pacific Ocean more than 370 miles off the Japanese coast. Samples of plants, plankton and ocean water showed levels of the liquid metal caesium were almost 1,000 times greater than normal. But although the readings, taken three months after the meltdown in March last year, were high radiation risks are only a tenth of those generally considered harmful to marine animals and human consumers. Dr Ken Buesseler, of the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution in Massachusetts, and colleagues said radioactive elements were detected in zoop . At the moment there is still fatally high radiation levels at the plant and much less water to cool it than officials had thought, according to an internal examination. The news has renewed doubts about the plant's stability and provoked fears the other two reactors that had meltdowns could be in even worse shape. A tool equipped with a tiny video camera, a thermometer, a dosimeter and a water gauge was used to assess damage inside the No. 2 reactor's containment chamber for the second time since the tsunami swept into the Fukushima Dai-ichi plant a year ago. The No. 2 reactor is the only one officials have been able to closely examine so far. The data collected showed the damage from the disaster is so severe, the plant operator will have to develop special equipment and technology to tolerate the harsh environment and decommission the plant, a process expected to last decades. The crippled Fukushima Dai-ichi nuclear power station is seen through a bus window in Okuma, Japan .
highlights: 'Super-wide Angle Compton Camera' developed for X-ray observation satellite, ASTRO-H . Scan comes as radiation detected 370 miles from plant .
id: b4b59dabdfbf788787876d9afc347ee75a460673
chatgpt: The Japanese Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA) has developed a new Super-wide Angle Compton Camera for the X-ray observation satellite, ASTRO-H. The camera has been designed to help improve the accuracy of radiation measurements from space. The ASTRO-H satellite was launched by the JAXA in February this year with the aim of studying the universe in X-rays. It is equipped with four sets of X-ray observation equipment, including cameras which can measure the energy of X-rays to determine the composition of the material that they interact with. The Super-wide Angle Compton Camera is designed to be able to detect X-rays released when cosmic rays collide with the atmosphere. The camera will be able to measure the energy and direction of these X-rays, which are difficult to detect using conventional detectors. The camera has been designed to be able to withstand the harsh environment of space, with its electronics and sensors shielded from high-energy radiation. It also has the ability to rotate 360 degrees, which allows it to capture images from any direction. The new camera has already been put to the test, with JAXA using it to detect radiation from a nuclear power plant 370 miles away. The camera was able to accurately measure the radiation levels, despite being located a significant distance from the source. The Super-wide Angle Compton Camera is an important tool for scientists studying the universe in X-rays, as it will allow them to collect more detailed data on the composition of celestial bodies. It will also help to improve our understanding of the effects of cosmic radiation on space travel and human health. JAXA has been working on the development of the ASTRO-H satellite for over a decade, and it is expected to be in operation for at least three years. The satellite has already provided some fascinating insights into the universe, with observations revealing the presence of supermassive black holes in distant galaxies. The development of the Super-wide Angle Compton Camera is a significant step forward for the ASTRO-H mission, and for the field of X-ray astronomy as a whole. It will allow scientists to collect more accurate data on the universe, and help to further our understanding of the cosmos. The camera is also expected to have practical applications beyond space exploration. It has the potential to be used in industries such as medical imaging, where it could help to improve the accuracy of radiation measurements for cancer treatment. Overall, the Super-wide Angle Compton Camera is a significant technological achievement, and it is set to make a major contribution to our understanding of the universe and the effects of radiation on space travel and human health.