article: By . Glen Owen . Last updated at 10:34 PM on 28th January 2012 . A Facebook director who told a public inquiry last week that the company had cracked down on ‘multiple identities’ was himself operating a ‘shadow’ log-in on the social networking site. Richard Allan, Facebook’s director of policy for Europe, told the Leveson Inquiry into media ethics that the company enforced a strict ban on people who did not represent themselves under their real identity. Lord Allan, an ex-Lib Dem MP and aide to Nick Clegg, who was hired last year to lobby the European Union on Facebook’s behalf, said the policy was rigorously enforced to stop people using bogus identities to carry out malicious acts. 'Shadow' account: Lord Richard Allan, Facebook's Director of Policy for Europe, was found to have another account, in contravention of the firm's policy . However, at the time Lord Allan spoke, he had two ‘presences’ on the site: One, ‘Richard Allan’, shows pictures and links to his work on Facebook. The other, ‘Ric Allan’, contained a silhouette in place of a picture and gave no indication of who lay behind it apart from ten ‘friends’, including the divorced peer’s girlfriend. After The Mail on Sunday started  to make inquiries about the ‘Ric Allan’ identity on Friday, it was swiftly deleted. Lord Allan told the inquiry that if people came to the site and did not present themselves under their real identity, they would not have a ‘meaningful experience’. ‘We have a security team constantly looking for the people trying to get around the system,’ he said. ‘The sort of people carrying out malicious behaviour will use false identities. We find the strongest protection is that community of users. Privacy is a notion at the heart of what we’re trying to do.’ Both the ‘Richard Allan’ and the ‘Ric Allan’ Facebook identities include  Ana Padilla as one of the friends. Dr Padilla, who works for the parliamentary office of science and technology at the House of Commons, is the mother of Lord Allan’s twin babies. The issue of Facebook identities became controversial last year when author Salman Rushdie was told he had to use his birth name Ahmed on his profile instead of his middle name Salman. His account was deactivated until he made the change to reflect the name on his identity documents. Lord Allan was Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg’s immediate predecessor as MP for Sheffield Hallam and acted as Mr Clegg’s campaign manager when he first stood for the seat in 2005. A Facebook spokesman said: ‘Richard Allan is an active user of Facebook, using his real identity. There was also an old Facebook account that he set up in 2009 and has not actively used since then. ‘He should have deactivated that account when he created a new one and this is exactly what he did as  soon as he was reminded that the old account was still live.’
highlights: Policy director for Europe found flouting firm's ban on using 'multiple identities' 'Shadow' account swiftly deleted after inquiries .
id: 9115a785648a089270a6fc7cc46572d907e9e0dc
chatgpt: The policy director for Europe at a major firm has been found to be flouting the company's ban on using "multiple identities". The discovery was made when an investigation found that the director had created a "shadow" account, which was swiftly deleted after inquiries were made. The revelation has caused concern among the company's executives, who are worried about the repercussions of this discovery. The company has a strict policy against using multiple identities, as it can lead to confusion, mistrust, and even legal problems. The policy is in place to ensure that the company maintains its credibility and reputation. The policy director's actions have raised questions about their motives for using a shadow account. Some executives are speculating that the director may have been trying to hide something, such as a conflict of interest or shady business dealings. Others believe that the director may have been trying to monitor the activities of other employees within the company. The company has issued a statement in response to the discovery, stating that it takes the issue of multiple identities very seriously and that all employees are expected to adhere to the company's policies. The statement goes on to say that the company is currently investigating the matter and will take appropriate action if any wrongdoing is found. The policy director has not made any public statements regarding the discovery of the shadow account. It is unclear whether the director will face any disciplinary action or if they will be asked to resign from the company. Some experts are criticizing the lax controls that allowed the policy director to create a shadow account in the first place. They argue that the company should have more stringent controls in place to prevent employees from using multiple identities. This could include regular audits of employee accounts, or the implementation of software that detects and prevents the creation of shadow accounts. The incident is a reminder of the importance of following company policies and the consequences of not doing so. It is also a warning to other employees within the company that the use of multiple identities will not be tolerated. In conclusion, the discovery of the policy director's shadow account has caused concern among the company's executives and raised questions about the director's motives for using a separate identity. It is unclear what action, if any, will be taken against the director, but the incident highlights the importance of following company policies and the need for more stringent controls to prevent the use of multiple identities.