article: Crown Prosecution Service lawyers have been given tablet computers riddled with problems in a £5 million deal branded ‘a shambles’. The CPS bought 4,700 of the tablets at £865 each to allow prosecutors to do away with bundles of paper in court. But the devices could not show video evidence, so another £102,000 had to be spent on DVD players. Controversy: The Crown Prosecution Service has spent £5million on tablet computers (file photo) CPS staff complain that the computers are too heavy to hold through long hearings. Prosecutors also say it is harder to flick through documents on the gadgets than in physical folders and that batteries can run out  at crucial moments in trials. Another £1.5 million has been spent on software support and maintenance over the past two years, taking the total bill to more than £5.5 million. Shadow Attorney General Emily Thornberry, who uncovered the spending spree  in a series of parliamentary questions, told The Mail on Sunday: ‘Ministers have inflicted unprecedented cuts and upheaval on the CPS in recent years, and the result appears to be poor decision-making and false economies. ‘If these tablets aren’t even fit for purpose, then that is a shambles.’ A CPS spokesman said: ‘Digital working will eliminate the vast majority of paperwork and the wasted time and expense that comes with it. 'Electronic case files can now be transferred instantly between police, prosecutors and many magistrates’ courts, saving the cost of printing this information and the inconvenience of carrying heavy case files to court. ‘Our tablets enable prosecutors to efficiently present these cases in court. Inevitably some initial investment is needed to modernise the criminal justice system, but the long-term benefits and savings will outweigh this initial cost.’
highlights: CPS bought £865 tablet computers but also had to buy DVD players . Shadow Attorney General blasts 'false economies' in Government agencies .
id: 44f30b2461bca6a6b740909e763397f29ee4ee6c
chatgpt: The Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) recently purchased £865 tablet computers, however, they also found themselves in need of DVD players, which resulted in a total expenditure of an undisclosed sum. This expenditure has left the Shadow Attorney General, Shami Chakrabarti, infuriated. The purchase of the tablets has been met with scrutiny from taxpayers who are concerned about unnecessary spending by public agencies. The CPS notes that the purchase was essential for its employees to access prosecution data remotely, making their work more efficient and streamlined. However, the additional cost of the DVD players has left many wondering whether the CPS could have made a more considered purchase from the outset. Shami Chakrabarti believes the CPS’s expenditures are indicative of the Government's propensity for false economies. These are policies that appear to save money in the short term but actually lead to higher costs further down the line. Chakrabarti emphasised that the tablet purchase is a prime example of this, highlighting that planning ahead could have saved money and resources. This is not the first time the Government has come under fire for their spending. In 2019, the British Medical Association criticised the government for not investing enough money to improve the NHS. Other Government-funded sectors have faced backlash for their choice of expenditure too. Governments need to demonstrate that they are being responsible with the taxpayer’s cash if they hope to gain public support. While it is important to modernise and streamline Government services, care must be taken to ensure all purchases are well considered and necessary. In conclusion, while investing in technology for Government agencies is critical, there needs to be an open and transparent process surrounding purchases. In this case, it appears the CPS made an essential purchase, but the additional cost of the DVD players could have been avoided with more thoughtful planning. The Government must work harder to ensure their purchasing is prudent and carefully considered.