article: Apple's iPhone 7 could have a dramatically improved camera that uses two lenses to capture images rivalling those from professional cameras, it has been claimed. Highly regarded Apple blogger John Gruber said sources at Apple have spoken of 'the biggest ever camera jump' for the next version of the hugely successful iPhone. The handset is expected to be revealed in September. Scroll down for video . The new handset could use two camera lenses to create pictures that rival snaps from a professional camera, it has been claimed. The iPhone 6 featured a new 8-megapixel iSight camera. It included autofocus with Focus Pixels to improve quality, optical image stabilization (iPhone 6 Plus only) and a True Tone flash. The tip was revealed by Gruber in the latest episode of The Talk Show podcast, when he revealed he has heard 'from a birdie of a birdie' that Apple is working on the 'biggest camera jump ever' for the next iPhone. 'The specific thing I heard is that next years camera might be the biggest camera jump ever,' he said. 'I don't even know what sense this makes, but I've heard that it's some kind of weird two-lens system where the back camera uses two lenses and it somehow takes it up into DSLR quality imagery.' HTC's most recent phone, the M8, also comes with two lenses so that you can add 3-D effects to photos. However, Apple's approach is believes to be designed to add quality to pictures rather than create special effects. In the iPhone 6, there have been a whole host of technical improvements to the camera sensor, and in MailOnline's review, we said 'but in a nutshell, this is among the best cameras on any smartphone - and a huge leap forward from what was already a great camera in the iPhone 5.' The iPhone 6 offered a major improvement in camera quality- but the iPhone 7 promises an ever bigger leap. Both the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus cameras feature 'focus pixels' which let the auto focus work twice as fast, and be capable of taking 43 Megapixel panoramic photos. There is a dedicated hardware system within handset's A8 processor which will enable fast advanced face detection, and the larger 6 Plus has a new optical image stabilisation system. The smaller iPhone 6 will still come with a digital image stabiliser. The slow-motion video camera can take up to 240 frames a second, and allows you to slow footage down and speed it back up again at will.
highlights: Journalist John Gruber claims an insider at Apple made the revelation . iPhone 7 expected to have dual lens system to improve image quality .
id: e497cdbed23a06287bc18ed2335b192e01d7e5fb
chatgpt: The highly anticipated release of the iPhone 7 has been in the news for months. From rumors about the headphone jack being eliminated to speculation about a larger battery, there has been no shortage of discussion about the upcoming smartphone. Now, journalist John Gruber has claimed that an insider at Apple has revealed that the iPhone 7 will feature a dual lens system that will improve the overall image quality of the device. According to Gruber, who has a history of accurately predicting Apple news, the dual lens system will be "one of the biggest camera jumps ever" for the company. The system is expected to work by combining two sensors, one for color and another for monochrome, to improve image quality in low-light situations. This would be a significant improvement over the current single lens systems featured in previous iPhone models. Gruber did not provide the name of the insider who made the revelation, but it is rumored that this person is well-connected within Apple and would have access to information about upcoming products. This information has sparked an online frenzy among tech enthusiasts, who are already looking forward to the improved camera feature. In addition to the dual lens system, it has also been rumored that the iPhone 7 will have a larger battery and will be water-resistant. These features, along with the improved camera, are expected to make the iPhone 7 an even more attractive option for consumers. Some analysts have expressed concern that the dual lens system could cause the price of the iPhone 7 to increase. However, Apple has a history of absorbing the cost of new features in order to keep their products affordable for their customers. It remains to be seen if this will be the case with the dual lens system. Overall, the revelation that the iPhone 7 will feature a dual lens system has piqued the interest of many consumers. Apple has not yet confirmed this feature, so it is unclear when or if it will be implemented. However, if the technology does make it into the iPhone 7, it could be a major selling point for the device and could further solidify Apple's position as a leader in the smartphone industry.