article: By . Brendan Carlin . Reaction: David Puttnam said it was 'wrong' to argue filming in the Lords would belittle the place . Film producer David Puttnam last night attacked the ‘forces of reaction’ at Westminster after peers refused to allow a new version of Tarzan to be filmed in the House of Lords. Warner Brothers, the makers of the film, Tarzan The Untamed, had planned to use the ornate Chamber because in the original Tarzan Of The Apes novel by Edgar Rice Burroughs, the hero is the son of a British lord and lady. But after peers rejected the move amid fears it would ‘demean’ the Chamber, Lord Puttnam, whose films include The Mission and Chariots Of Fire, issued a scathing attack. The Labour peer said it was ‘wrong’ to argue that filming in the Lords would belittle the place. Speaking to The Mail on Sunday, he said it was a ‘ludicrous’ argument to make. Lord Puttnam stressed he had no involvement in the film, which will star Swedish actor Alexander Skarsgard in the title role, and had only proposed the Lords plan as he is unpaid chairman of Film London, a not-for-profit agency which promotes the capital as a venue for movie-making. But he added: ‘There are always the forces of reaction. In the end, you have to overcome them.’ Labour peer Lord McAvoy, who led opposition to the idea, said commercial filming in the House of Lords would ‘diminish the Chamber’. But another peer told The Mail on Sunday: ‘This is ridiculous. It’s not as though they were asking permission to swing on a rope from one side of the Chamber to the other.’ Until recently, commercial filming was banned across the entire parliamentary estate. But 12 months ago, MPs relaxed the ban in the Commons in a move designed to help pay for repairs to the increasingly run-down Palace of Westminster. The Lords’ administration and works committee followed suit a few weeks ago, and approved the specific Tarzan request from Lord Puttnam only for it to be rescinded later by a more senior committee. The new film, featuring Wolf Of Wall Street star Margot Robbie as Jane, will be the latest of dozens of movies based on the original 1914 novel. The full cast list will be published tomorrow. Interior: Makers of the film, Tarzan The Untamed, which stars Margot Robbie (right) as Jane, had planned to use the ornate Chamber because the hero from the original 1914 novel is the son of a British lord and lady .
highlights: Film producer attacked the 'forces of reaction' at Westminster after rejection . Labour peer added it was 'wrong' to say filming would belittle the Lords . Makers of Tarzan The Untamed planned to use the ornate chamber . Hero in the Edgar Rice Burroughs novel is the son of British aristocrats .
id: a9cbf218cda29cd974fc9281460bd9296e2745c6
chatgpt: In a display of frustration with the establishment, a film producer today launched an attack on the 'forces of reaction' at Westminster. The comments came after the producers of the upcoming film Tarzan The Untamed were effectively rejected from filming in the ornate chamber of the House of Lords. The film, based on Edgar Rice Burroughs' iconic novel, follows the story of Tarzan, the son of British aristocrats who, after being raised in the jungle, returns to England to reclaim his ancestral home. The makers of the film had hoped to use the impressive surroundings of the House of Lords to create an authentic atmosphere for the movie. However, their request was met with resistance from some quarters. One Labour peer suggested that allowing the filming to go ahead would belittle the Lords, prompting the producer's strong response. "It's disappointing to see the forces of reaction so entrenched in the corridors of power," the producer said. "I don't believe that filming in the Lords would in any way diminish its grandeur - in fact, I think it would enhance it. It's a shame that some people are so quick to reject new ideas and cling to outdated traditions." The comment sparked a wider debate about the role of the Lords in modern society, with some arguing that opening up the House to new ideas and forms of expression could help to make it more relevant to the public. "It's wrong to say that filming in the Lords would belittle the institution," another Labour peer said. "We should be embracing new forms of art and entertainment, rather than shutting ourselves off from the world. I think that allowing the filming to go ahead would be a positive step." Despite the controversy, it seems that the makers of Tarzan The Untamed will have to find alternative locations for their scenes. But the debate about the role of the Lords in modern society is likely to continue, with some arguing that it's time for the institution to adapt to the changing times. "There's no denying that the House of Lords has a proud history and tradition," the producer said. "But that doesn't mean that it should be closed off to new ideas and forms of expression. I would encourage the Lords to be open-minded and embrace the opportunities that modern society presents."