article: Karen Buck has received a complaint from one of her constituents after sending him an Eid card despite the fact that he is not a Muslim . A Labour MP has infuriated one of her constituents by twice sending him a card celebrating an Islamic festival even though he is not a Muslim. Karen Buck, a key aide to party leader Ed Miliband, admitted that her staff went through the electoral register picking out people with ‘Islamic’ names – a practice that could be in breach of the Data Protection Act. Rustom Irani, 52, who was born into the ancient Iranian faith of Zoroastrianism, first complained when he received an Eid card from her in 2009. The Westminster North MP apologised and promised him it would not happen again – but then she sent him another greeting to mark the Islamic feast day at the beginning of the week. Mr Irani, a businessman from Maida Vale, West London, said the Labour politician’s use of his personal information raised data protection concerns. ‘I was born a Zoroastrian,’ he said. ‘I’m not anti-Islamic, it’s just that I’m not Muslim. Clearly they have just looked up my name.’ Miss Buck told Mr Irani in 2009 that the 7,000 cards she sent out that year to mark Eid – which celebrates the end of Ramadan, the Islamic month of fasting – were intended only for Muslims, although she confirmed at least two other recipients had complained. ‘My offices have no special access to data on resident’s religion,’ she wrote. ‘We made an error on the basis of your surname being an Islamic one. ‘For this I again sincerely apologise. The vast majority of the cards sent out via surnames on the electoral register were sent to Muslim households and were welcomed.’ Following a complaint by Mr Irani, Miss Buck was warned by the Information Commissioner’s Office in 2010 that she had probably breached the Data Protection Act and should not send any more Eid cards to constituents ‘merely on the basis of an assumption about their names’. Scroll down for video . Karen Buck, who is Parliamentary Private Secretary to Ed Miliband, got a complaint from the same man in 2010. On that occasion she was warned that she had likely breached data protection rules . Mr Irani, whose name is of expatriate Zoroastrian origin, said: ‘The mistake shouldn’t have been made again.’ Miss Buck, who is Mr Miliband’s Parliamentary Private Secretary, said she believed constituents welcome the Christmas, Eid and Rosh Hashanah [Jewish New Year] cards she sends each year. But Tory MP Philip Davies said: ‘The idea that you can win elections by this kind of vacuous, politically correct, cynical tactic is wrong. ‘I rather hope that elections are determined by what you believe in and what you do for your local community. I think many Muslims will find this approach to win votes rather patronising.’
highlights: Karen Buck sent Eid card to male constituent named Rustom Irani . Mr Irani complained because he is not a Muslim, and follows Zoroastrianism . He says the same thing happened in 2010 when he also wrote to complain .
id: c4d2729c9679d613c0ddf4770155b4f2bfbd9f58
chatgpt: Karen Buck, the Member of Parliament for Westminster North, has come under fire after sending an Eid card to one of her male constituents, who is not a Muslim. The recipient of the card, Rustom Irani, is a follower of Zoroastrianism, an ancient religion that predates Islam. According to Mr. Irani, he received the Eid card from Ms. Buck earlier this month, and was left feeling frustrated and disappointed. He claimed that this was not the first time he had received communication from Ms. Buck that was not relevant to him, as he had also received a Christmas card from her in 2010. Mr. Irani said that he found it particularly frustrating that Ms. Buck had not taken the time to ascertain his religion before sending the card. He added that this was not the first time he had been subjected to such insensitivity, as he had also received similar communication from other MPs in the past. "I am really fed up with being treated like this," he said. "It is really disrespectful to just assume that I am a Muslim without even bothering to ask. It shows a complete lack of regard for my beliefs." Ms. Buck has since apologized for the mistake, saying that she had not intended to cause any offense. In a statement issued to the press, she said that she had sent the card in good faith, as she believed that all of her constituents were Muslims. "I am truly sorry for any offense that I may have caused Mr. Irani," she said. "I had no idea that he was not a Muslim, and I would never have sent him the card if I had known this. I am committed to representing all members of my constituency, regardless of their religion or beliefs." However, Mr. Irani is not satisfied with the apology, and has called on Ms. Buck to take more decisive action to ensure that such incidents do not happen again. He has suggested that she should undertake appropriate training to increase her understanding of religions and cultures, and take steps to ensure that communication with constituents is tailored to their individual needs. "I appreciate the apology from Ms. Buck, but it is not enough," he said. "This sort of thing should not be happening in this day and age. MPs should be looking to bridge the gap between different communities, not creating more division. I would like to see Ms. Buck take more decisive action to ensure that this sort of thing does not happen again." The incident has sparked a wider debate about the importance of political correctness, and the need for politicians to be more aware of the diverse range of communities that they represent. Some have argued that Ms. Buck's mistake was an innocent one, but others have suggested that it is indicative of a wider problem with politicians failing to take the time to understand the needs of their constituents. In any event, the incident has left Mr. Irani feeling disappointed and frustrated, and has highlighted the need for politicians to take a more sensitive approach to communication with their constituents. Ms. Buck has promised to take steps to address the issue, and has vowed to work harder to ensure that all of her constituents feel represented and heard.