article: (CNN) -- What happens when you ask a super-car designer to create a super luxurious train? Magic, judging by the above images released by Japanese rail company JR East. Yamagata-born Ken Okuyama, well known in automobile design circles, was brought in to style the company's super slick new Cruise Train, due to start chugging down the tracks in spring 2017. Holding a maximum of 34 passengers, the Cruise Train will have 10 carriages made up of five suites, one deluxe suite, two glass-walled observation cars, a dining car and lounge. Okuyama has worked as a chief designer for General Motors, a senior designer for Porsche AG and design director for Pininfarina, the company behind the Ferrari Enzo and Maserati Quattroporte. According to his company, Ken Okuyama Design, he wanted to create a train that would allow passengers "to appreciate the flow of the time and space," while enjoying Japan's landscapes and culture throughout the journey. One of the more unique features is the observation carriage at the front of the train, which allows passengers to see onto the tracks ahead. The other observation car is at the end of the train. JR Rail says the train will be fitted with furniture that conveys the nobility of traditional Japanese culture. The Lounge, for instance, is wrapped in graceful curves and features decor inspired by trees. All suites will have a private bathroom with a shower and toilet, but the top sleeping space is the split level deluxe suite, which sleeps four. On the bottom are two double beds, on the top a traditional Japanese dining area, with seats on the floor. The train will be able to run on both electric and non-electric rails. Can't wait till 2017? JR East's upcoming Cruise Train won't be the first Japanese train to take the super-luxury route. JR Kyushu's Seven Stars train, which features Japanese and Western design elements, hit the tracks in the fall of 2013. This one only travels through the island of Kyushu and has 14 luxury guest rooms, two deluxe suites, three presidential suites, a lounge car, dining car and bar. Guests can choose either the two- or three-night experience. The name "Seven Stars" represents the seven prefectures of Kyushu, the seven carriages of the train and the seven main tourist attractions of the island (nature, cuisine, hot springs, history/culture, spiritual sites, local hospitality and sightseeing). Those who want to take a Seven Stars journey need to apply online. Prices start from ¥180,000 ($1,765) per person for the two-night trip. No first come first serve here. The company says that in the event that applications exceed available places, a lottery will be conducted to select participants.
highlights: Yamagata-born Ken Okuyama designed JR East's new Cruise Train, due to debut in 2017 . Okuyama has designed for Porshe and Pininfarina -- the company that designs Ferrari and Maserati . Cruise Train to have 10 carriages that hold maximum of 34 passengers .
id: 2f2abba764dd43dcd33e36000dd370293e341f73
chatgpt: Renowned industrial designer Ken Okuyama has created the latest maritime attraction for travelers who want to explore the beauty of Japan's eastern coast. The new Cruise Train, developed by Okuyama for JR East, is set to debut in 2017, and promises to be a five-star travel experience. Okuyama, who was born in Yamagata, is not new to designing the world's most glamorous objects. He has previously worked with major car companies such as Porsche, and Pininfarina -- the Italian design company famous for Ferrari and Maserati. The Cruise Train, which is specially designed for slow and luxurious travel, boasts of ten carriages, featuring expansive windows that offer panoramic views of the coast. The train is made up of two-story cabins, offering ample space for 34 guests. The interior of the train cabins is nothing short of splendid, with plush seating, luxury accommodations, and exquisite designs that are sure to tickle the fancy of any discerning traveler. According to JR East, the Cruise Train will follow the East Japan Railway route and will offer an unforgettable taste of Japan's cultural, architectural, and natural beauty to its passengers. The route will take passengers through staggering mountain terrain, idyllic coastal cities, and ancient temples that provide intricate views of Japan's history. JR East is set to commence the Cruise Train experience from Tokyo Station, and the train will make stops at notable locations such as Izu, Matsushima, and Niigata. The recreational stops will offer travelers a chance to bathe in hot springs, explore local ports, and treat their taste buds to rich and authentic Japanese cuisine. Okuyama's design of the Cruise Train aims to provide passengers with a prime travel experience, combining comfort, luxury, and convenience. The train will be equipped with modern amenities such as Wi-Fi, a library, as well as sophisticated bars and lounges. Passengers will have the option to indulge in cocktail hours, private parties, or simply unwind with a book from the train's extensive library. The Cruise Train is an incredible way to experience Japan's natural beauty, with a focus on slow travel that affords have passengers the opportunity to take in their surroundings fully. It is no doubt set to attract international travelers who seek an exquisite and unique travel experience. JR East's Cruise Train promises to cater to the needs of all types of travelers, from lovers of nature, architecture, and history to adventurous foodies, and those who crave relaxation in a luxurious setting. The train is set to debut in the summer of 2017, and since it's designed by one of the world's most renowned designers, Okuyama, it is sure to be a travel experience that passengers will never forget.