article: President Francois Hollande has announced the deployment of the aircraft carrier Charles de Gaulle to the Middle East to join in attacks against ISIS forces in Iraq. The nuclear-powered vessel will travel to the Gulf with its battle group where it will be in position to attack ISIS targets in Iraq with its complement of 20 combat aircraft. Speaking today on the vessel, which is the flagship of the French navy, President Hollande said the current situation 'justifies the presence of our aircraft carrier'. French President Francois Hollande, second left, flew to the aircraft carrier Charles de Gaulle today . President Hollande said the nuclear-powered aircraft carrier, pictured, would join strikes against ISIS in Iraq . President Hollande, pictured, announced that he was reviewing cuts to France's military spending . The deployment will take place as part of the multi-national operation 'Inherent Resolve'. President Hollande told personnel on board the aircraft carrier: 'Thanks to the Charles de Gaulle we will have precious intelligence.' France was the first country to join the United States in attacking ISIS although it has ruled out launching strikes in Syrian territory. It has about 800 military personnel, nine fighter jets, a maritime patrol aircraft and a refueling plane at its base in the United Arab Emirates as part of its 'Chammal' Iraq mission, as well as an anti-aircraft warship in the Gulf. It also operates six Mirage fighter jets from Jordan. France also has more than 3,000 troops carrying out counter-insurgency operations against al Qaeda-linked militants in the Sahel-Sahara region. It has urged African nations to step up cross-border cooperation to tackle security challenges from Islamist groups in southern Libya to Boko Haram attacks in Nigeria as it seeks to scale back its military commitments on the continent. President Hollande, far right, said that the current situation 'justifies the presence of our aircraft carrier' President Hollande, left, spoke with French Army Chief of Staff Pierre de Villiers, centre, and Commander of the Charles de Gaulle Captain Pierre Vandier, right, during his visit to the nuclear-powered aircraft carrier . Hollande reaffirmed that France would reduce the number of troops deployed in the Central African Republic, where it has handed control of peacekeeping operations to United Nations missions. France had deployed 2,000 troops to curb Christian-Muslim violence in the country. This will fall to 800 by the autumn. A week after Islamist militants carried out a series of attacks in Paris, killing 17 people, Hollande said 10,500 military personnel would be deployed across France as of Wednesday evening to bolster domestic security. The president added that the government needed to review the rate of cuts to French military personnel planned over the next three years to take account of security needs. As soon as President Hollande departed, the aircraft carrier set course for the Suez canal for its deployment .
highlights: Aircraft carrier Charles de Gaulle has been sent to the Persian Gulf . The nuclear-powered aircraft carrier will join attacks against ISIS in Iraq . President Francois Hollande said the situation 'justifies' the deployment . He said the government will review planned cuts to the French military .
id: bdbcc71c1351496fcaf49c0e8735c7f07ef331ce
chatgpt: France has deployed its nuclear-powered aircraft carrier Charles de Gaulle to the Persian Gulf in order to bolster the international fight against ISIS in Iraq. President Francois Hollande has publicly stated that the threat posed by the terrorist organization justifies the deployment of the aircraft carrier, despite previously planned cuts to the French military.  The Charles de Gaulle is one of the most significant warships in the French fleet. It is a nuclear-powered carrier that can accommodate up to 40 fixed-wing aircraft, and has cutting-edge radar and other defense systems onboard. The vessel will join an international fleet of warships in the Persian Gulf, including warships from the United States, the United Kingdom, and other nations. The deployment of the Charles de Gaulle comes at a time of heightened tensions in the region. ISIS has claimed responsibility for numerous terrorist attacks in the region, and has established a self-proclaimed caliphate in Iraq and Syria. The terrorist group has been pushed back in recent months by a coalition of Western and Middle Eastern forces, but still poses a significant threat in the region. Hollande announced the deployment of the Charles de Gaulle after a meeting of the French defense council. He stated that the move was necessary to ensure that France can respond effectively to the evolving threat posed by ISIS. He also indicated that the French government will review its previously planned cuts to the military, in light of the ongoing terrorist threat. The decision to deploy the Charles de Gaulle has been welcomed by other members of the international coalition fighting ISIS. The United States and the United Kingdom have both issued statements in support of France's decision, and have pledged to work closely with the French Navy to coordinate their operations in the region. The deployment of the Charles de Gaulle marks a significant ramping up of French military activity in the region. France has been involved in the fight against ISIS in Iraq and Syria for several years, but the deployment of such a high-profile asset demonstrates a renewed commitment to the fight against terrorism. The French government has been grappling with the issue of how best to allocate its limited military resources in the face of a range of security challenges around the world. The decision to deploy the Charles de Gaulle is a clear indication that France is taking the threat posed by ISIS extremely seriously, and is prepared to take decisive action to protect its citizens and interests in the region. In conclusion, the deployment of the Charles de Gaulle to the Persian Gulf is a significant escalation of French military activity in the region. The move comes in response to the ongoing threat posed by ISIS, and demonstrates France's commitment to working with its international partners to tackle this global threat. The deployment of the aircraft carrier is a clear indication that the French government is willing and able to take decisive action to protect its citizens and interests, even in the face of significant security challenges.