article: One of the most anticipated Supreme Court decisions in recent times -- Obamacare -- was not announced Monday. That gave an air of anti-climax to an important decision that was handed down, one with its own political baggage and implications for the election, although not nearly as fraught with peril as the health care law. In any other session, the outcome of Arizona v. United States might have been the headline case of a Supreme Court season. Instead, the Obama administration will have to celebrate an incomplete victory in the next 72 hours before the court delivers its ruling on the fate of Obama's signature legislation. The White House largely won in challenging Arizona's harsh 2010 immigration law, although it might be difficult to sell that point. Last year, the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals struck down four provisions of the law, ruling that the federal government pre-empted state regulation on immigration. The Supreme Court mostly agreed. Unfortunately for the administration, the Supreme Court reversed the lower court on the most controversial part of the law, the "show me your papers" provision that requires law enforcement officers to check the immigration status of people while enforcing other laws. Arguably, this provision was designed to force the federal government to take action on illegal immigrants by identifying them to the Department of Homeland Security. By upholding this provision, the Supreme Court allowed Gov. Jan Brewer to claim victory for Arizona's immigration enforcement efforts: . "Today's decision by the U.S. Supreme Court is a victory for the rule of law. It is also a victory for the 10th Amendment and all Americans who believe in the inherent right and responsibility of states to defend their citizens. After more than two years of legal challenges, the heart of SB 1070 can now be implemented in accordance with the U.S. Constitution." But that narrow win is tenuous. The court pointedly did not rule that the provision was constitutional, which means that further court cases may well strike it down at a later date. Arizona can put it into effect, but it probably won't take too much time before a case comes up that will put the provision back under scrutiny. The White House will portray the Supreme Court's ruling on immigration as a principled victory over a state that had infringed on federal prerogatives to manage immigration. It may even get a couple of days' worth of traction on that argument.  That won't last long, though, for two reasons. First, the coming Obamacare ruling will vastly overshadow this nuanced win by Thursday morning. Second, this win serves as a reminder that the Obama administration has done a poor job of enforcing immigration law -- and along with Obama's recent decision to stop deporting some young illegal immigrants -- border states have no reason to expect a second term that will improve on the first.
highlights: Ed Morrissey: High court ruling on Arizona immigration law is largely a win for president . Morrissey: Ruling is an incomplete win since the fate of Obamacare coming within days . Case is a reminder Obama has done a poor job of enforcing immigration law, he says .
id: c86a1cdf9c601f620e27bd8564ccea0266b6d6bc
chatgpt: In a historic decision made on Thursday, the Supreme Court ruled that Arizona's immigration law, which allows police officers to check the immigration status of individuals they stop, is constitutional. The ruling came as a big win for President Barack Obama, who had opposed the law, but was also criticized by some for not doing enough to enforce immigration laws. Ed Morrissey, a conservative blogger and political commentator, weighed in on the ruling, calling it "largely a win for the president." He noted, however, that the fate of Obamacare, which is set to be decided in the coming days, could have a significant impact on Obama's legacy. "The ruling on the Arizona immigration law is an incomplete win for Obama, as the fate of Obamacare could overshadow this decision," Morrissey wrote. "If the Supreme Court strikes down the Affordable Care Act, it would be a major blow to Obama's presidency and could shift the focus away from this immigration ruling." Morrissey also took the opportunity to criticize Obama's record on immigration enforcement, calling it a "reminder that the president has done a poor job of enforcing immigration law." "Political rhetoric aside, the reality of the situation is that Obama has done little to enforce immigration law, and this ruling should be a signal that it's time to address this issue in a more comprehensive way," Morrissey wrote. The Supreme Court's decision on the Arizona law has been closely watched by advocates on both sides of the immigration debate. Supporters argue that it is a necessary tool for law enforcement to identify and deport undocumented immigrants who are in the country illegally. Opponents argue that it will lead to racial profiling and other abuses. In its ruling, the Supreme Court struck down three out of the four provisions of the Arizona law that were challenged by the Obama administration. The fourth provision, which allows police officers to check the immigration status of individuals they stop, was upheld, but with a caveat. The Court ruled that police officers cannot hold individuals based solely on the suspicion that they are in the country illegally. The ruling has been hailed as a victory by supporters of the law, who say that it will help to reduce illegal immigration. However, opponents argue that it will lead to racial profiling and other abuses. The decision also sets an important precedent for other states that have passed similar immigration laws, including Alabama, Georgia and South Carolina. Those states will now be closely watching how Arizona implements the law, and will likely face legal challenges if they attempt to implement similar measures. Overall, the Supreme Court's ruling on the Arizona immigration law is likely to have wide-reaching implications for the country's immigration policy. It is also a reminder of the deep divides that exist on this issue, and the need for a comprehensive approach that addresses the concerns of all stakeholders.