article: Manchester United frontman Robin van Persie gave the thumbs up following his first day back at training. The striker has enjoyed an extended break having helped Holland reach the semi-finals of this summer's World Cup in Brazil and seemed glad to be back in the North West on Monday afternoon. Earlier in the day, Van Persie tweeted: 'Back in training today after a short break. Looking forward to the new season sooo much!! Hope you all feeling the same.' VIDEO Scroll down to watch Van Persie deceive Michel Vorm in Holland training . Thumbs up: Man United star Robin van Persie is glad to be back in training and is looking forward to the season . All smiles: Van Persie was in Alderley Edge on Monday afternoon after his first training session since his return . Glad to be back: Van Persie was pictured with his wife Bouchra having enjoyed an extended break . Optimistic: Van Persie took to Twitter on his first day back to reveal he is looking forward to the new season . All set to work with compatriot and former national team boss Louis van Gaal at Old Trafford this term, Van Persie appears confident for the season ahead. However, United's talisman, who turns 31 next week, will delay his start to the Premier League season in order to improve his fitness after missing Manchester United’s Stateside tour.Van Gaal says United's No 20 won’t be in the team to face Swansea City in his side’s opening game on August 16, even though his partnership with Wayne Rooney is seen as key to regaining a Champions League spot. Having struggled to seventh place under David Moyes during the last campaign, United fans will perhaps share the striker's optimism with Van Gaal at the helm. The Red Devils have already brought in Ander Herrera and Luke Shaw this summer and remain unbeaten on the club's tour of America. Van Persie's team-mates take on arch-rivals Liverpool in Miami in the early hours of Tuesday morning BST in the International Champions Cup final. Winning partnership: Van Persie shone for Louis van Gaal's Holland at the World Cup in Brazil this summer . Iconic: Van Persie scored one of the goals of the World Cup with a stunning diving header against Spain . Delay: Van Persie is set to miss Man United's opening Premier League game against Swansea .
highlights: Robin van Persie returned to Manchester United training on Monday . Red Devils star reveals on Twitter he is looking forward to new campaign . Dutch striker has enjoyed extended break having helped Holland reach World Cup semi-finals .
id: c7ccd6b195a41cd08eabe2dd78feb65daca51941
chatgpt: Manchester United fans were given a boost today as Robin van Persie returned to training at the club's Carrington base. The Dutch striker, who has been enjoying an extended break after helping Holland reach the semi-finals of the World Cup in Brazil, revealed his excitement for the upcoming season on Twitter. Van Persie is viewed as a crucial player for the Red Devils as they look to bounce back from last season's disappointing seventh-place finish, which saw them miss out on Champions League qualification. Many fans will be hoping that the 30-year-old can rediscover the form that saw him score 26 goals in his debut season at Old Trafford, firing United to the Premier League title in the process. Van Persie was signed from Arsenal for £24m in the summer of 2012 and quickly became a fan favourite with his deadly finishing and tireless work-rate. However, injury problems and a general malaise around the club saw him struggle for form last season, leading to speculation about his future. The Dutchman was linked with a possible move away from United earlier in the summer, with both Juventus and Barcelona reportedly interested in his services. However, it seems that new manager Louis van Gaal has convinced Van Persie to stay put and lead the line for the Red Devils this season. Van Persie's return to training will be a welcome sight for Van Gaal, who has had to cope with a depleted squad for much of the pre-season due to injuries and World Cup commitments. The Dutch coach will be hoping that his compatriot can hit the ground running and quickly build up his match fitness ahead of the new campaign. United kick off the new Premier League season at home to Swansea on August 16th, with Van Persie likely to feature prominently. The striker will be keen to prove his worth to both his manager and the United faithful, knowing that his performances will be under close scrutiny. Van Persie's return to training will also be a boost for the other players at United, who will be hoping to learn from his experience and pick up tips on how to improve their own game. The Dutchman's professionalism and dedication have earned him widespread respect among his peers, making him a natural leader on and off the pitch. As the Red Devils prepare for their first game of the season, Van Persie's return to fitness gives them a much-needed boost. While there is plenty of work to do if they are to challenge for the title this season, having a player of Van Persie's quality in their ranks is certainly a step in the right direction.