article: (CNN) -- Sweden won't exactly confirm that it's been looking for a foreign submarine in the country's territorial waters. But if it finds something it doesn't like, it is ready to do whatever is needed to force it to the surface, a Swedish military spokeswoman said Tuesday. Swedish media have reported that the military has been looking for a mystery underwater vessel, possibly Russian. The search began Thursday after Swedish intelligence picked up an emergency radio call in Russian, reported The Local, citing the Swedish newspaper Svenska Dagbladet. "We don't know what it is," but we "are prepared to use anything necessary to bring the vessel to the surface if we need to," Swedish military spokeswoman Therese Fagerstedt told CNN on Tuesday. Helicopters, battleships and minesweepers searched waters off Sweden's capital, Stockholmm on Tuesday, The Local reported. Thursday's radio transmissions were being sent to the Russian enclave of Kaliningrad, 330 miles (530 kilometers) south of Stockholm on the Baltic's southern shore, according to The Local report. There were also reports that a foreign vessel was spotted in the waters near Stockholm. Russia on Sunday denied it has any vessel in Swedish waters. Moscow suggested the vessel may belong to the Netherlands and have been involved in naval exercises off Sweden, according to a report from Russia's Itar-TASS news agency. The Dutch were quick to respond, saying a sub involved in the exercises was anchored in Tallinn harbor of NATO-ally Estonia for the weekend, according to a report from Agence France-Presse. U.S. officials told CNN there are no U.S. submarines or surface ships in the immediate area. U.S. intelligence doesn't know of any Russian assets in that area, the officials said. Why would a Russian sub snoop around in Swedish waters? Johan Wiktorin of the Swedish Royal Academy of War Sciences gave three possibilities to The Local: . "They could be mapping the waters in order to be able to navigate them in the event of hostilities," Wiktorin is quoted as saying. "They could also be installing equipment, like sensors, that could track or get an observation of our units in that area," "Or they could also possibly reconnoiter our (defense) systems." CNN's Ralph Ellis contributed to this report.
highlights: Helicopters, battleships and minesweepers hunt for vessel . Emergency radio call picked up by Swedish military, report says . Radio transmissions sent to Russian enclave on Baltic Sea, report says . Russia denies any vessel in Swedish waters .
id: 99af49d3925cc6862cd27f0a013eaf9658a36274
chatgpt: A major search and rescue operation is currently underway in the Baltic Sea, as helicopters, battleships, and minesweepers scour the waters for a missing vessel. The operation was launched after an emergency radio call was reportedly picked up by the Swedish military, indicating that a vessel was in distress. According to reports, the Russian enclave on the Baltic Sea was sent several radio transmissions in relation to the missing vessel. However, despite the efforts of Russian authorities, no vessel was found in Swedish waters. The Swedish military has been quick to respond to the incident, deploying search and rescue teams and calling on neighboring countries to assist in the search. Numerous ships and helicopters have been dispatched to the area in an effort to locate the missing vessel. Officials have not provided any information about the nature of the vessel or the number of people on board. However, given the urgency of the situation, it is clear that the search and rescue teams are treating the situation as a potential life-threatening emergency. Russia, for its part, has denied that any of its vessels are operating in Swedish waters. However, given the reports of radio transmissions being sent to the Russian enclave, it is unclear whether or not the country may be providing assistance to the search and rescue operation. As of now, there is little information available about the vessel or the individuals on board. However, the search and rescue operation is ongoing, and officials remain hopeful that they will be able to locate the missing vessel and bring any survivors to safety. The incident is a stark reminder of the dangers that can arise when navigating the open sea. Despite the best efforts of sailors and navigators, accidents can happen at any time, and it is critical that authorities remain vigilant and prepared to respond to emergencies as they arise. As the search and rescue operation continues, our thoughts and prayers are with the individuals on board the missing vessel, as well as the brave men and women working tirelessly to locate and rescue them.