article: London (CNN) -- Britain's Prince Harry has moved into the same west London residence that his brother William set up home in with new wife Kate last year, CNN can reveal. Harry took a small apartment at Kensington Palace after moving out of the bedroom and study he occupies at nearby Clarence House - the home of his father, Prince Charles. The move, on the heels of this month's successful official tour of the Caribbean, is seen as a sign that the increasingly mature 27-year-old is putting his wild past behind him. It also appears to be evidence of the strong bonds between Harry and William, the brothers who will lead and define Britain's royal family over the next few decades. Watch Harry talk about "emotional trip" to Caribbean . Harry is understood to have been looking to move into his own place for some time, and is becoming William and Kate's neighbor because the brothers "wanted to be together," a senior royal source told CNN. "Prince Harry and Prince William are a double act for the rest of their lives," the source said. "They are very loyal and trust each other. Loyalty is key. Harry is very respectful towards William." William and Kate, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, currently live in Nottingham Cottage, in the grounds of Kensington Palace, but will move into a renovated apartment in the main building in 2013. Harry, third in line to the British throne, is then expected to take over the cottage. Kensington Palace was home to both the princes when they were being brought up by their mother Diana, the Princess of Wales, who lived there from 1981 until her death in 1997. While Harry's Caribbean tour saw him graduate as a representative of the British royal family, the prince's official duties are expected to take a back seat to his military career in the immediate future. According to the royal source, Harry relishes the ordinary treatment he receives as a captain and Apache helicopter pilot in Britain's Army Air Corps. Read more on Harry's career as a helicopter pilot . His colleagues say they often forget his royal status. Kayon Mills, a Jamaican lieutenant who trained with Harry at Britain's Sandhurst military academy, told CNN the prince's nickname was "Harry Potter." Captain Wales, as he is officially known, is preparing for deployment later this year to Afghanistan, where he served briefly four years ago until a broken media embargo led to him being rushed home. There is not expected to be a news blackout this time. The royal source says but the prince won't require extra security despite being a potential priority Taliban target. "The thinking is that being an Apache pilot is quite an anonymous job and the Apache is already a target," he said. "They can't be more of a target than they already are."
highlights: CNN EXCLUSIVE: Prince Harry moves to Kensington Palace . Harry occupies apartment close to Prince William and Kate . Move seen to reflect Harry's maturity and closeness to brother . CNN also reveals prince's military academy nickname: Harry Potter .
id: d19df095c7239ca8810b92d1773c7d88e5943356
chatgpt: Prince Harry has moved closer to his brother Prince William and sister-in-law Kate Middleton, sharing an apartment in Kensington Palace, according to a CNN exclusive. The move is seen as a reflection of Harry's growing maturity and his strong bond with his brother. The prince's new home is not far from where he lived with his brother and Kate before she became engaged to William. The trio previously occupied a cottage next to the main palace complex in London. The move is also significant because Harry has reportedly been given a fresh start with a more mature living arrangement. Sources say the palace feels he is ready for the added responsibilities that come with his royal duties and has provided him a fitting new residence. Speaking to CNN, a palace insider said that Harry's nickname at his military academy was "Harry Potter," which reveals a more lighthearted side to the prince. This revealing insight into Harry's life will be of interest to many royal watchers and fans of the younger prince, who has become increasingly visible in public events in recent years. In particular, his charity work in Africa and for the Invictus Games has won him plaudits from both the public and the media. The prince's military service has also been of great interest to the media, and now the revelation of his nickname will provide another angle for the public to learn more about his life. Kensington Palace is an apt location for Harry, who has previously spoken of his desire to continue living near his brother and sister-in-law. The palace is also a hub for many of the charitable organizations that Harry is involved with, making it an ideal location for him to be based. The move is further evidence of Harry's growing confidence as a senior member of the royal family and his increasing effectiveness in representing the monarchy to the wider public. Despite the public interest in his life, the prince's new home in Kensington Palace is said to be quite low key and unremarkable, reflecting his desire for privacy and a normal life. Overall, the move to Kensington Palace is an important milestone for Prince Harry, who has always been close to his family and is now making his own mark on the world. As he continues to grow in confidence and maturity, it will be fascinating to watch how he navigates the challenges of royal life while remaining true to his own values and ideals.