article: (CNN) -- Ain Shams University Biologist Hebat Abdel Hadi is taking "waste not, want not" to a whole other level. Alphonso Van Marsh discovered first hand how damaging the Nile crayfish can be. She says crayfish carcasses the part of the crustacean that humans often throw away are for the birds. As higher chicken feed costs push multi-national chicken firms like Pilgrim's Pride and Tyson's Food to report losses this year, Abdel Hadi says crayfish waste is an alternative source for the protein and minerals necessary to raise chickens. Abdel Hadi earned her PhD exploring the use of crayfish as chicken feed. Her studies included comparing chickens fed with fish meal, with those raised on meal made with crayfish waste. "The group of chickens [that we raised] on crayfish have stronger bones, have a higher optical density of meat. The color of the meat is better, the taste is better, it looks better," she says. The crayfish carcass is largely shell and skeleton. Feed nutritionists say crayfish-sourced feed would therefore contain high percentages of calcium and minerals. As a result, Abdel Hadi says, her experiments show that chickens raised on a crayfish feed diet lay more, stronger, higher-protein eggs. But poultry nutrition experts warn that chicken farming is a complex science that involves multiple nutrition and energy needs. "The challenge has to do more with genetics, and the right balance for this fast growing bird," says Martin Humphries, Feed Sales Director for an English specialist poultry feed supplier. "Crayfish heads will have some meat in there for protein. Crayfish skeletons will have calcium and I'm sure there is a nutritional value but perhaps [feeding crayfish to chickens] is a leap too far for now," Humphries says. Egypt is experiencing a crayfish invasion along the Nile River. Scientists like Dr. Madgy Khalil, who also works at Ain Shams University, say there are unprecedented numbers of crayfish thriving in the Nile with no natural predator, from the Mediterranean Sea or from the south of Egypt. The crayfish that have a penchant for clawing into fishermen's nets and eating their catch are causing problems for fishermen. But are there enough crayfish to sustain a chicken feed industry? Andrew Kendall, a spokesman with the UK's largest feed manufacturer BOCM Pauls is unsure. "Theoretically, it is possible to use crayfish remains, but they would be in such short supply it would not be a feasible solution. For manufacturers who make any kind any business on a large scale, there's not enough [crayfish] supply to be a viable business. However, it could be better for a niche market," he says.
highlights: CNN's Alphonso Van Marsh spent time with Nile fishermen in Egypt . Egypt is experiencing a crayfish invasion along the Nile River. Crayfish have been a problem for fishermen, but now used in chicken feed .
id: be3a873a2651f107706dab656ca3c7cbd20a1fb6
chatgpt: Egyptian fishermen have been facing a major challenge in recent times. A crayfish invasion along the Nile River has seriously impacted their livelihood. While the crayfish may seem harmless, they reproduce quickly and compete with native species for food and habitat. This has resulted in a significant reduction in the fish population, making it difficult for fishermen to sustain themselves. CNN's Alphonso Van Marsh recently spent time with the Nile fishermen to understand the impact of the crayfish invasion on their lives. "It's a disaster," says Hussein Saeed, a fisherman in the region. "We used to be able to catch up to 100 kilos of fish a day, now we barely catch 20 kilos." The crayfish problem has persisted for years, leading some fishermen to take matters into their own hands. Some have been catching and selling crayfish as a source of income. But what has surprised many is the newfound acceptance of crayfish among poultry farmers. Crayfish are now being used in chicken feed, providing a protein-rich diet for the birds. The crayfish are boiled and dried before being ground into a powder to make the feed. The practice has gained popularity among farmers, who have seen a significant improvement in the health and growth of their chickens. This has led to an increase in demand for crayfish, which has ultimately resulted in a new source of income for the fishermen. "We used to sell crayfish for just a few cents per kilo, but now we can sell it for up to 4 dollars per kilo," says Saeed. While the use of crayfish in chicken feed may be a silver lining for the fishermen, it hasn't completely solved the problem. The crayfish invasion remains a major challenge for the native fish population, and fishermen are still struggling to make ends meet. The Egyptian government has taken notice of the issue and is working on a solution. The Ministry of Environment has launched a campaign to raise awareness about the crayfish invasion and its impact on the Nile River ecosystem. The campaign aims to encourage people to stop catching and selling crayfish, and instead look for alternative sources of income. Despite the challenges they face, Nile fishermen remain optimistic. "The Nile River is our life," says Saeed. "We will continue to do what we can to protect it and find new ways to sustain ourselves."  The crayfish may have posed a threat, but through innovation and adaptation, the fishermen are finding ways to overcome it.