article: Dani Vallverdu is to coach Tomas Berdych following his departure from Andy Murray's team. The Venezuelan became friends with Murray during their time together at the Sanchez-Casal academy in Barcelona and had worked with the Scot for the past five years. Murray announced last month that Vallverdu and fitness trainer Jez Green had left the team, describing the split as 'mutual' in a short statement. Dani Vallverdu (right) works with Andy Murray on the practice court at this year's French Open in Paris . Vallverdu's role in Murray's team increased under Ivan Lendl but the 28-year-old found himself taking a step back when Amelie Mauresmo succeeded Lendl as coach in the summer. Vallverdu has wasted no time finding a new job, and landing a lead coaching position with world No 7 Berdych shows the high regard in which he is held. In a statement on his Facebook page, Berdych said: 'Dear fans and friends ...my new coach for next year will be Danny Vallverdu and Azuz Simcich...thank you to Tomas Krupa and David Vydra for great time and fantastic work.' World No 7 Tomas Berdych in action for the Singapore Slammers at the International Premier Tennis League . Berdych began working with fellow Czech Krupa in 2009 but had been searching for a new influence after seeing most of his rivals appoint big-name coaches. Lendl was his number one choice but the eight-time grand slam champion has so far resisted attempts to lure him back into coaching on the tour. It seems very likely, however, that Lendl's appreciation for Vallverdu's talents will have played a part in Berdych's decision. Murray, who is currently at his pre-season training camp in Miami, intends to appoint a replacement for Vallverdu to work alongside Mauresmo . Vallverdu (right) sits in the stands alongside Murray's former coach Ivan Lendl at the 2012 US Open .
highlights: Dani Vallverdu had worked with Andy Murray for the past five years . The Venezuelan coach left the Murray camp last month . Vallverdu will now coach Czech world No 7 Tomas Berdych .
id: 90f1f83279351cde5a7d943f3cd4ff1e9e39a39b
chatgpt: After five years of coaching Andy Murray, Venezuelan tennis coach Dani Vallverdu has officially parted ways with the British No.1. Vallverdu joined Murray's coaching team back in 2010 and played an instrumental role in the Scot's career - particularly during his two Grand Slam wins at the US Open (2012) and Wimbledon (2013). While it may be a difficult farewell for the two, Vallverdu has now ventured onward to new opportunities. It has been announced that he will now coach Czech world No. 7 Tomas Berdych. It was Berdych's previous coach, Tomas Krupa, who dropped the surprising news on Twitter last week. Vallverdu will take over as Berdych's head coach and will start working with him in January. This is a huge coup for Berdych; Vallverdu's experience in coaching high-calibre players speaks for itself. Before working with Murray he was part of Grigor Dimitrov's team and the Bulgarian player saw his ranking go from world No. 60 to No. 8. It's clear that Vallverdu has the ability to develop players and help them elevate their game to the next level. Berdych must be feeling confident about the appointment. A consistent top 10 player for many years now, he's enjoyed some incredible wins such as making the Wimbledon final back in 2010 and reaching the semi-finals of the Australian Open and French Open. But Vallverdu's track record may just be what he needs to get over those final hurdles and possibly even win his first Grand Slam title. As for Murray, there's no official news on who will replace Vallverdu in his coaching team. The British No. 1 has had a tough time of late, failing to reach his previous heights in the ranking and it's no secret that he needs to make some changes in the near future. Whether that change will come in the form of a new coach remains to be seen.