article: By . Amy Oliver . PUBLISHED: . 12:02 EST, 9 November 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 12:42 EST, 9 November 2012 . A security guard shot himself at the Swedish prime minister's official residence this afternoon while the politician's son was in the building, it has been reported. Prime minister Fredrik Reinfeldt was not in the building at the time of the shooting and his son is not thought to have been hurt in the incident. Swedish newspaper Aftonbladet reported the victim died after shooting himself. Towe Hagg, spokeswoman for Stockholm Police partially confirmed the paper's information. She said: ‘I can confirm that we have a deceased male. Shooting: The security guard is thought to have shot himself at the Swedish prime minister's offical residence in Stockholm on Friday afternoon . Safe: Prime minister Fredrik Reinfeldt was not in the building at the time of the shooting . 'He died inside Sager Palace. There . is nothing which indicated a crime but we are gathering information with . the help of investigators at the scene’ Markus . Friberg, a spokesman for Mr Reinfeldt, confirmed to The Associated . Press that the prime minister was not in the building when the shooting . happened. Tabloid Aftonbladet said Mr Reinfeldt was visiting the paper's . office in Stockholm. 'I can say nothing happened to the prime minister. He was not harmed,' Stockholm police spokesman Lars Bystrom said. 'And it wasn't one of his bodyguards but some security guard. We do not suspect any crime.' The incident occurred in the early afternoon at the Sagerska Palace, the waterfront home and office of the prime minister. The building is protected by security guards working for private company, Svensk Bevakningstjanst. Company spokeswoman Maria Fernsund confirmed that the victim was an employee of the company but declined to give other details. The prime minister also has bodyguards from the Swedish Security Service. They were not affected by the incident, said Sirpa Franzen, a spokeswoman for the agency. 'At present there is no indication that the incident has any link to the Parliament or government,' she said. Unhurt: Mr Reinfeldt's son was at Sager Palace when the security guard died but is not thought to have been hurt in the incident . Remote: Swedish Police said the man was not one of Mr Reinfeldt's bodyguards and that they were not treating the death as suspicious . The protection of Sweden's top politicians was stepped up after the 1986 murder of Prime Minister Olof Palme and the deadly stabbing of Foreign Minister Anna Lindh in 2003. Both were without bodyguards when they were killed. Sweden takes pride in having an open society and government buildings are relatively easy to access. Anyone can walk up to the entrance to the prime minister's residence.
highlights: Prime minister Fredrik Reinfeldt was not in building at the time of shooting . Police confirm man was not one of Mr Reinfeldt's bodyguards and that they are not treating the death as suspicious . For confidential support call the Samaritans on 08457 90 90 90, visit a local Samaritans branch or see www.samaritans.org .
id: 5357d53b058647b68c6c909d1f4395d32b6882af
chatgpt: Sweden's former Prime Minister, Fredrik Reinfeldt, was not present in the building during a fatal shooting incident that occurred on Tuesday evening. The police have confirmed that the man who died was not one of Mr. Reinfeldt's bodyguards, and have stated that they are not treating the death as suspicious. The incident took place at a residential property located in Stockholm, where the former Prime Minister was believed to be living. According to reports, the victim was a 44-year-old man who was found with gunshot wounds. The police have said that they are now investigating the circumstances surrounding the shooting, but have not provided any further details at this time. They have urged any witnesses to come forward with any information that could be of help in their investigation. Meanwhile, a spokesperson for Mr. Reinfeldt has released a statement expressing his condolences to the victim's family, and confirming that the former Prime Minister was not present in the building at the time of the shooting. In light of this tragic incident, the Samaritans have urged anyone affected by it to reach out for confidential support. They have provided a number for their helpline, which can be contacted on 08457 90 90 90, and have advised that people can also visit their local Samaritans branch or access information on their website at www.samaritans.org. This incident has raised concerns about the safety of former leaders, who are often targets of attacks. Mr. Reinfeldt, who served as Sweden's Prime Minister between 2006 and 2014, has been retired from politics for several years. It is not yet clear what security measures are in place to protect him. The incident has also sparked debate about gun laws in Sweden. Although Sweden has one of the lowest gun ownership rates in Europe, incidents involving firearms do occur. In 2018, a shooting in the city of Malmö left several people injured, and a 2015 attack in Stockholm killed four people and injured several more. Many residents have called for stricter gun laws in response to these incidents, while others argue that guns should be allowed for self-defense purposes. The debate over gun control is likely to continue in the wake of this latest shooting. In any case, the death of the man involved in this tragic incident is a reminder that violence can happen at any time, and that support is available for those affected by it. The Samaritans helpline is always open to anyone in need of help or advice, whether they are directly affected by violence or dealing with mental health issues.