article: (CNN) -- Victor Dubuisson saw off a challenge from Justin Rose and Tiger Woods to claim the Turkish Airlines Open in Antalya on Sunday. After producing a spectacular round of 63 on Saturday, the Frenchman showed that he could do steady too, holding his nerve as a gaggle of golfing superstars waited to snatch the â‚¬848,930 ($1.1 million) prize from under his nose. Read more: Dubuisson goes it alone in Turkey . The 23-year-old shot a three-under par final round of 69 taking him to 24-under par, two strokes clear of Welshman Jamie Donaldson and four clear of U.S. Open champion Rose and Woods, who tied for third on 20 under. Rose, who finished with a round of 65, was first to apply the pressure on Sunday picking up six shots in the opening nine to move to within a shot of Dubuisson at one stage. But two dropped shots in the closing holes saw the Englishman lose momentum just at the wrong time. Woods, on the other hand, saved his best for last, making a late surge which saw him pick up four shots in the final six holes to finish with a round of 67. Donaldson came closest to unseating Dubuisson with a brilliant round of 63 which included a hole-in-one at the par-three 16th. Read more: 'Dorky' Woods reveals why Vonn is a good match . The ace saw the Welshman briefly tie the lead, but with three birdies in the last four holes, Dubuisson eased clear once again, rounding off his maiden European Tour in style with a birdie at the last. "I don't know how to describe it. Now I don't realise what's happening. I felt so much pressure on the last hole," Dubuisson said, EuropeanTour.com reported. "Holing this putt on 17 was like; it was incredible. It was incredible, and the birdie on 18, it's a bonus. But even on the last putt, I was feeling so much stress. After this day, it was the longest day on the course that I've ever had. I'm very proud of what I did." Joy down under for Scott . Meanwhile at the Australian PGA Championship, Adam Scott sealed a four-shot victory at Royal Pines, on Queensland's Gold Coast. The Masters champion claimed his first home PGA title with a final round of 67 to finish on 14-under par, four clear of Rickie Fowler who fired a final round 68. "I'm really proud, the PGA means a lot to me and my family and I think this is an incredible win," said Scott. "The PGA has been so involved in my family (father Phil is a PGA Professional) for a really long time, and it being the one I hadn't won down here I really wanted it bad," the 33-year-old added. "It's a special win to me, I felt an incredible support from the crowd, it was nice seeing them getting so excited for me to get a win."
highlights: Frenchman completes his maiden European Tour win with a composed final round . Justin Rose and Tiger Woods mount final round challenge but eventually fall four short . Jamie Donaldson fires ace in round of 63 to claim second place . Adam Scott wins his first Australian PGA Championship in Queensland .
id: 76e55a25461805d24f0d59bfb42aa9aac5f12c6e
chatgpt: French golfer Victor Perez scored his maiden win on the European Tour on Sunday with a composed finish at the Alfred Dunhill Links Championship. The 27-year-old’s level-par 72 at St Andrew's Old Course left him 22-under overall, four shots ahead of Jamie Donaldson, who scored an ace en route to his 63 at Kingsbarns. Perez started the day a single stroke ahead of England's Matthew Southgate, who ended tied fourth. Perez’s victory, earned him €625,000, his best payday to date, and the pride of holding aloft the trophy synonymous with some of the game's greats. The Frenchman's victory never seemed in doubt as he fended off challenges from Justin Rose and Tiger Woods, who made a final-round push to no avail. Rose came closest to threatening Perez, the world number four climbing up to be just three shots behind the leader going into the final round. But a bogey on the third hole at St Andrews saw his chances of narrowing the lead slip away. A double-bogey six on the Road Hole 17th ended his hopes of a late charge, as he finished tied 6th. Meanwhile, veteran golfer Tiger Woods was hot on Perez’s heels, following up on his impressive opening rounds to get to 17-under by the start of play on Sunday, but stumbled in the final round, finishing third, four strokes behind the Frenchman. Former Ryder Cup star Donaldson scored his hole-in-one en route to a classy round of eight-under, which saw him finish second. The Welshman had travelled to the tournament after recovering from a wrist injury, and was forced to play in a separate event in Scotland last week to qualify, but proved himself useful nonetheless with an eagle and six birdies also contributing to his score of 63. The win marks an impressive day for Perez who was ranked 184th in the world at the start of the year. He has steadily improved his performances over the year, and previous finishes of tied for second at the British Masters, tied fifth at the KLM Open and tied seventh at the Porsche European Open. Amongst his playing partners in the final round was tournament sponsor Johan Rupert, who will no doubt be pleased with the result.  Elsewhere in the world of golf, Adam Scott secured his first Australian PGA Championship on Sunday holding his nerve on the back nine at Royal Pines to secure a two-stroke victory. The 39-year-old, who won the Masters in 2013 helped Australia to retain the World Cup at the same golf club last year, shooting a final-round 69 to finish on top of the leaderboard on 13 under. He joins the likes of his childhood hero Greg Norman and his idol Tiger Woods by winning Australia’s most prestigious golfing event.