article: American investment firm Cain Hoy have pulled out of a proposed buy-out of Tottenham Hotspur after revealing they are no longer interested in making an offer. Spurs always strenuously denied that they were in talks over the sale of the club - insisting their dialogue with Cain Hoy centred solely around the prospect of investment for their  new stadium. The company, however, revealed that any bid is now dead in the water. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Arsene Wenger: Groundshare with Spurs will not happen . Tottenham owner Joe Lewis (centre) and chairman Daniel Levy (right) Tottenham are hoping to move out of their current ground White Hart Lane for a new stadium . A statement read: 'On 12 September 2014, having previously approached Tottenham Hotspur with a proposal, Cain Hoy Enterprises, LLC ('Cain Hoy') confirmed that it was at the preliminary stages of assessing a cash offer for Tottenham Hotspur. 'Cain Hoy has subsequently terminated its assessment and accordingly is no longer considering making an offer for Tottenham Hotspur.' The Premier League club had distanced themselves from the speculation that suggested current owner Joe Lewis was willing to listen to offers of £1billion. Cain Hoy had until October 10 to indicate whether it will make a formal offer or indicate that its interest in Spurs is at an end, as it did on Thursday. However, it did leave the prospect of a return for Spurs open. 'As a consequence of this announcement, Cain Hoy will, except with the consent of the takeover panel, be bound by the restrictions on making an offer for Tottenham Hotspur contained in Rule 2.8 of the UK Takeover Code for six months from the date of this announcement. 'However, Cain Hoy reserves the right to make an offer in the circumstances set out in Note 2 of Rule 2.8 of the UK Takeover Code.' Spurs' plans to build a new stadium next to their current home of White Hart Lane . It is another turn in a story which is sure to rumble on as Spurs seek to finance their new stadium. The project, adjacent to their existing White Hart Lane ground, hit problems earlier in the month when it was revealed the ground was 'highly unlikely' to be ready for Spurs to move in at the start of the 2017-18 season. That means the club would need to find a temporary base for home matches as their own stadium was finished, with the Olympic Stadium, Wembley and stadium:mk all believed to have been under consideration. However, West Ham, the official tenants of the Olympic Stadium from 2016, would likely block a ground share with Spurs, who had also bid for the lease. VIDEO West Ham not open to Spurs stadium share .
highlights: US private investment company Cain Hoy Enterprises announce they will not make an offer for Tottenham Hotspur . Spurs always denied that owner Joe Lewis is seeking to sell . Tottenham are attempting to finance a £400million new stadium . They are currently trying to find a temporary home for the 2017-18 season .
id: fe506d36ded0b799515e3d772c8d6120fc5a73fd
chatgpt: US private investment company Cain Hoy Enterprises has announced that they will not make an offer to buy Tottenham Hotspur Football Club. This announcement has put to rest all speculation and rumors that have been swirling around the club and its owner Joe Lewis for the past few months. Spurs have denied that Lewis has been looking to sell the club, and this announcement by Cain Hoy confirms that there is no truth to these rumors. For now, it seems that Lewis is committed to staying on as the owner of the club and continuing to support Tottenham's efforts to become one of the best teams in the world. One of Tottenham's major goals in recent years has been to build a brand new stadium to replace their old White Hart Lane ground. The club has been attempting to finance this project for several years, and they are now getting closer to making it a reality. Tottenham is currently in the process of trying to find a temporary home for the 2017-2018 season, as their new stadium will not be ready until the following season. The club has been linked with a number of different locations, including Wembley Stadium and the Olympic Stadium in Stratford. Despite the challenges that come with building a new stadium, Spurs remain focused on their long-term goals. They believe that having a state-of-the-art stadium will help them to attract top talent and compete with the best teams in England and Europe. The Tottenham Hotspur Supporters' Trust (THST) has said that they are excited about the prospect of a new stadium. In a statement to the press, they said: "We fully support the club's ambitions to build a new stadium and believe that this will help to secure our long-term success on and off the pitch." Tottenham's current ground, White Hart Lane, is one of the oldest and most historic grounds in English football. It has been the home of the club since 1899, but it is now in need of major renovation work to bring it up to modern standards. The new stadium will have a capacity of 61,000, which is significantly larger than White Hart Lane's 36,000. It will also include state-of-the-art facilities and amenities, including a museum, hotels, restaurants, and a new home for the club's administrative offices. In conclusion, Cain Hoy's announcement that they will not be making an offer to buy Tottenham Hotspur Football Club has brought clarity to the situation surrounding the club's ownership. It seems that Spurs owner Joe Lewis is committed to staying on and supporting the club's ambitions to build a new stadium. This is an exciting time for the club and its supporters, and it will be interesting to see how they continue to progress in the coming years.