article: Police have launched a murder investigation after a 35-year-old father of two was stabbed near a restaurant in Northampton. Jon Casey was stabbed close to the Lazeez restaurant on Barrack Road in Northampton at 5.30pm on Friday. Mr Casey collapsed at the scene and was raced to Northampton General Hospital where he was declared dead less than an hour later. Jon Casey, 35, was stabbed to death near the Lazeez restaurant in Northampton, pictured, on Friday night . Police said that Mr Casey had suffered stab injuries although his body has been transferred to Leicester, where a Home Office pathologist will complete a post mortem examination to determine the exact cause of death. Detective Inspector Mark Brayfield of Northamptonshire Police said that detectives were following a number of lines of inquiry. Officers have been searching the area around the crime scene looking for the murder weapon. Several drains have been inspected, with roadside grilles lifted to see if the killer stashed the knife nearby. DI Brayfield said: 'This was a brutal and ultimately fatal attack and we would urge anyone in the area at the time and who may have seen anything suspicious to come forward. 'We are very keen to know of Mr Casey’s movements in the hours leading up to his death.' It is understood that the killer ran off after stabbing Mr Casey, leaving him for dead on the side of the street. A woman passerby who was taking her seven-year-old son to a martial arts class said she saw Mr Casey lying on the floor and called for an ambulance. Mr Casey was rushed to Northampton General Hospital, pictured, where he died shortly afterwards . She raced over to him and attempted to cover his wounds until paramedics arrived. She said: 'I was really shocked. I did all I could to help him.' A police spokesman said: 'Detectives have launched a murder investigation following the fatal stabbing of a Northampton man. 'Jon Casey, a 35-year-old father-of-two, from Ecton Brook, Northampton, was found stabbed in Barrack Road, close to the Lazeez restaurant, shortly before 5.30pm on Friday January 16. 'Paramedics transferred Mr Casey to Northampton General Hospital where Mr Casey sadly died of his injuries just before 6.25pm.'
highlights: Jon Casey, 35, from Northampton was fatally stabbed on Friday night . The father-of-two died after being attacked near the Lazeez restaurant . Police investigating the murder described the killing as 'a brutal attack' Mr Casey died in Northampton General Hospital an hour after the stabbing .
id: 6047132cb99d6120c9936e0ec2672ecf3a38d714
chatgpt: A man from Northampton was fatally stabbed on Friday night, leaving his family and community in shock. Jon Casey, 35, was attacked near the Lazeez restaurant, located in the city center. According to witnesses, he was subjected to a brutal attack that left him severely injured. Emergency services were called to the scene, and paramedics rushed Mr. Casey to the Northampton General Hospital, where he died an hour after the stabbing. Police are now investigating this heinous crime, and have urged anyone with information to come forward. Detective Inspector Simon Barnes, who is leading the investigation into Mr. Casey's murder, described the killing as a brutal attack. He said, "Our thoughts are with Jon's family, who have lost a beloved father and partner in tragic circumstances. We are doing everything in our power to find those responsible and bring them to justice." Mr. Casey's death has caused widespread shock and sadness in the Northampton community. Friends and family members have described him as a devoted father-of-two who was well-loved and respected in his local area. One of Mr. Casey's closest friends, Andrew Thompson, said: "We are all devastated by Jon's death. He was a kind and generous person who would do anything for his family and friends. He didn't deserve to die like this, and we are all struggling to come to terms with what has happened." Meanwhile, local residents have expressed their concern about the level of violence in the city. One resident, who wished to remain anonymous, said: "It's scary to think that this kind of thing can happen on our streets. We need more police patrols and better safety measures to prevent tragedies like this from occurring." As the investigation into Mr. Casey's murder continues, police have urged anyone who witnessed the attack or has any information about it to contact them as soon as possible. They have promised to do everything in their power to find those responsible and bring them to justice. In the meantime, Mr. Casey's family and friends are left to mourn their loss and remember the man who brought so much joy and happiness into their lives.