article: (CNN) -- The heat was off Roger Federer as he joined fellow grand slam winners Rafael Nadal and Andy Murray in the final 16 at the Australian Open. Federer zipped through a 6-2 6-2 6-3 win over unseeded Russian Teymuraz Gabashvili as the searing temperatures eased in Melbourne and distinctly grayer skies loomed over the show courts. The 32-year-old is chasing a fifth title in Australia and an 18th career grand slam but for now Federer is grateful for small mercies after a niggling back injury saw him lose form in 2013. "I'm just happy waking up in the morning and not feeling like an old man," he told reporters. "So that's very positive. Right now I feel very fresh and very good physically. "My first goal was to get through the first week, now clearly the draw is very difficult. I've done the work, I've not lost a set so far, so we'll see how it goes." It's a French test for Federer next as he faces Jo-Wilfried Tsonga, the 10th seed, for a place in the quarterfinals. If he advances to the final eight, Federer would face Murray -- the man who beat him in an absorbing Australian semifinal last season. Murray, the Wimbledon champion, battled through a first set tiebreak to see off Spain's Feliciano Lopez for his place in the last 16, where he faces unseeded Frenchman Stephane Robert. Confident was the word Nadal ominously used to describe how he was feeling after he breezed through with a 6-1 6-2 6-3 win over Gael Monfils. "Well today I think I have to say that I played well from everywhere, no?" the Spanish world No. 1 teased reporters after his match in Melbourne. In the women's draw, defending champion Victoria Azarenka lost just one game as she whizzed into the fourth round in Melbourne. There she will face American Sloane Stephens in a rematch of last year's semifinal when Azarenka caused a stir by taking a medical timeout just as Stephens appeared to have the upper hand in the second set. "We left it all here last year," said Azarenka, when asked if she had spoken to Stephens about the incident. "That's what is important for me, to play another match. I'm looking forward to it." Russian third seed Maria Sharapova hit her way through a tight second set to see off France's Alize Cornet 6-1 7-6 while fifth seed Agnieszka Radwanska and Jelena Jankovic also advanced. But there was disappointment for Danish 10th seed Caroline Wozniacki as she lost 6-4 5-7 3-6 to unseeded Spaniard Garbine Muguruza. Wozniacki, who is engaged to golfer Rory McIlroy, said she now intends to zone out from the Australian Open -- although she said it politely of course. "When I'm not in the tournament anymore, it sounds rude, but I don't really look at the games anymore," she explained.
highlights: Four-time Australian Open winner Roger Federer reaches last 16 . Top seed Rafael Nadal goes through with win over Gael Monfils in Melbourne . Wimbledon champ Andy Murray sees off Feliciano Lopez to join them in fourth round . Maria Sharapova, Sloane Stephens and Victoria Azarenka through in women's draw .
id: db8025d7b55de50ac56606023c838bb9975dceee
chatgpt: The Australian Open continues to be an exciting event for tennis fans around the world, as the tournament saw some thrilling action on its third day. The world’s top-ranked players, including Roger Federer, Rafael Nadal, Andy Murray, Maria Sharapova, Sloane Stephens, and Victoria Azarenka, all pushed ahead to the next round. Swiss tennis legend, Roger Federer, who has won the title four times in the past, proved he still has what it takes to make it to the top by entering the last 16 of the tournament on the third day. Federer underwent a close match against Australian John Millman but managed to prevail in four sets to keep his hopes of a fifth Australian Open crown alive. Meanwhile, top seed Rafael Nadal ensured his presence in the next round by defeating Gael Monfils in his match. Nadal, who has won the Australian Open just once, was pushed to his limits by Monfils, but his experience showed as he prevailed in three sets. Three-time Grand Slam champion, Andy Murray, displayed his resilience as he triumphed over Feliciano Lopez to advance to the fourth round of the tournament. Having recently returned from an extended injury layoff, many had doubted Murray's form, but he proved them all wrong with his impressive performance against Lopez. The women's draw saw an array of talented players make their way into the next round. Maria Sharapova, the Russian former world number one, won against Sweden’s Rebecca Peterson in straight sets, moving through to the round of 32. Another former world number one, Victoria Azarenka, also advanced to the next round. The Belarusian defeated Laura Siegemund of Germany in a hard-fought three-set match. The American Sloane Stephens, who has been a regular feature in the later stages of Grand Slam tournaments in recent years, overcame her Slovakian opponent, Magdalena Rybarikova, in straight sets. Stephens, who won the US Open in 2017, produced some scintillating tennis to put herself in contention for this year’s Australian Open crown. With some of the top players already moving ahead to the next round, the Australian Open is shaping up to be a thrilling event. Fans have their eyes glued to the court as the world’s best players continue to battle it out for ultimate glory. As the tournament progresses, players and fans alike will be eagerly anticipating the next round to see who will emerge as the ultimate champion of the 2019 Australian Open.