article: Arsenal star Mesut Ozil has been dragged into a public row with a fellow German footballer and accused of cheating on his pop star girlfriend Mandy Capristo. Former Bayern Munich and Hertha Berlin player Christian Lell accused Ozil of 'muscling in' on his relationship with former girlfriend Melanie Rickinger. In an interview with Bild, Lell somewhat ungraciously described his ex as a 'snake' and explained that she had exchanged intimate messages with Ozil on the messaging service WhatsApp. Mesut Ozil has been accused of cheating on girlfriend Mandy Capristo by ex-Bayern player Christian Lell . Ozil and his girlfriend Capristo leave Zuma Restaurant in London in October 2013 . Capristo is Ozil's girlfriend but he has been accused of cheating on her by German Lell . Lell, with Melanie Rickinger during a restaurant opening in Munich in September, has accused Ozil . 'Mesut exploited his fame, and muscled in on our relationship,' said Lell. 'That isn't OK'. Ozil himself has refused to comment on the situation. 'We are not commenting on this. We will keep an eye on the situation, and take legal action if necessary,' said his agent Roland Eitel. Lell's ex-girlfriend Rickinger has said her former boyfriend is 'crazy'. She has not denied the accusations of an affair with Ozil, but did insist that Lell had accessed her messages without her permission. 'I deleted everything on my phone. He must have gone on himself and backed everything up,' she said. 'He's completely crazy.' Capristo, on Instagram, shows off her abs as she poses with her dog and in another pic with a CD . Ozil, in action for Arsenal against Chelsea earlier this month, is accused of having an affair . Ozil has been accused of cheating on his girlfriend Capristo (pictured) with Rickinger . Lell, (right) celebrating with his Hertha Berlin team-mates in 2011, used to play for Bayern Munich . Capristo has also refused to comment. The singer lives with the Germany international in London, and is a judge on the X Factor-style reality show 'Germany's Search for a Superstar'. Capristo is about to release a new album, and has previously insisted that she does not accept the idea of being merely a WAG. She said: 'You'd never say to the partner of a tennis player that they're only this or that, that's a lack of respect. So when people say I'm just a WAG, I don't care. I have too much respect for myself and my own work to even bother thinking about these people.' Like our Arsenal Facebook page. Ozil talks to Capristo after Germany's World Cup final victory over Argentina in Brazil earlier this summer . Capristo is a judge on German X Factor-style show 'Germany's Search for a Superstar' VIDEO Ozil plays down Bayern link .
highlights: Mesut Ozil dragged into a public row after being accused of cheating . Ex-Bayern Munich star Christian Lell accused Arsenal midfielder Ozil of 'muscling in' on his relationship with former girlfriend Melanie Rickinger . Lell claims Ozil has been cheating on pop star girlfriend Mandy Capristo . Rickinger says former boyfriend Lell is 'crazy' but has not denied affair .
id: 372ce7497932794bb4ad9334742756e8e888e3f4
chatgpt: Arsenal midfielder Mesut Ozil has found himself dragged into a public row after being accused of cheating by former Bayern Munich star Christian Lell. Lell claims that Ozil muscled in on his relationship with former girlfriend Melanie Rickinger and has also been cheating on his current girlfriend, pop star Mandy Capristo. Ozil has not commented publicly on the accusations. According to Lell, Ozil began pursuing Rickinger while Lell was still in a relationship with her. Lell claims that Ozil sent Rickinger flirtatious messages and even visited her in her home, leading to their eventual breakup. Lell also alleges that Ozil has been unfaithful to Capristo, with whom he has been in a relationship since 2013. Rickinger, for her part, has called Lell "crazy" but has not denied any affair with Ozil. She has also posted several pictures of herself with Ozil on her Instagram account, including one with the caption, "Sometimes you meet someone and even though you never liked brown eyes before, their brown eyes are the most beautiful ones you've ever seen." This public row has led to intense scrutiny of Ozil and his personal life. The German Football Association (DFB) released a statement saying that they were aware of the situation and that they would be speaking with Ozil about it. Meanwhile, Arsenal has declined to comment on the matter, saying that it is a personal issue. This is not the first time that Ozil has been in the headlines for non-football reasons. In 2018, he sparked controversy when he posed for a photograph with Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan, leading to allegations that he was endorsing Erdogan's controversial policies. Ozil later quit the German national team, citing racism and discrimination. Despite the controversies surrounding him, Ozil has remained a key player for Arsenal. However, his performances on the pitch have been inconsistent in recent seasons, and he has been linked with a move away from the club. The situation with Lell and Rickinger is unlikely to help Ozil's standing with Arsenal fans, who have grown frustrated with his perceived lack of effort and commitment. It remains to be seen how the situation will play out, but for now, Ozil finds himself in the middle of a very public row over his personal life.