article: Police in suburban Atlanta say three people have been arrested in the death of 21-year-old James Jones Jr. (pictured) Clark Atlanta University says the killing of a junior chemistry major from Central Florida is a 'devastating' loss for the school. Police in suburban Atlanta say three people have been arrested in the death of 21-year-old James Jones Jr., a Daytona Beach native. He was looking to buy an iPhone from a seller on Craigslist. Marietta Police spokesman David Baldwin says Jones was robbed and fatally shot Monday night after responding to an ad for an iPhone 6. Baldwin says 18-year-old Jordan Baker, 19-year-old Jonathon Myles and 21-year-old Kaylnn Ruthenberg are jailed on felony murder, aggravated assault and armed robbery charges. Clark Atlanta said in an email to students that it's reaching out to family and friends of Jones before finalizing any memorial tributes. 'This is a devastating loss for the Clark Atlanta University family,'' a statement read. 'Mr. Jones was a serious scholar and a kind, engaging spirit whose work and comportment spoke well of the university's core values and those instilled long ago by those contributing to his upbringing. In addition to his studies, he was a UPS scholar at Fickett Elementary School and a science mentor for the HBCU Rising Cares Mentoring program at Brown Middle School. He also was an amateur athlete.' 'It was an illegitimate ad he was responding to and he did not know the sellers,' Marietta Police officer David Baldwin told ABC News. 'The ad was posted in the hopes to lure somebody in, but obviously the victim didn't know that.' Jones had been shot while still in his car. Kaylnn Ruthenberg, 21, (left) Jonathon Myles, 19, (right) have been arrested in the plot to lure Jones Jr. to his death with a phony Craigslist ad . Jordan Baker, 18, also allegedly acted in the plot to murder Jones with the lure of an iPhone . After he was killed, the car rolled forward into another car and a tree. Police were dispatched to respond to a motor vehicle accident. 'Through the course of the investigation, they discovered that he was going to that area in response to a Craigslist ad,' Baldwin said. Craiglist has yet to respond to reporters questions. 'It was a heck of an undertaking and investigation but it helps to bring closure to the family. We hope to give them peace to know that everyone involved in this senseless murder will be held accountable, Baldwin said.
highlights: Police in suburban Atlanta say three people have been arrested in the death of 21-year-old James Jones Jr., a Daytona Beach native . 18-year-old Jordan Baker, 19-year-old Jonathon Myles and 21-year-old Kaylnn Ruthenberg are jailed on felony murder, aggravated assault and armed robbery charges . Jones was shot before he even had a chance to get out of his vehicle .
id: 001dc91a62bad5263259a1d664c821cb1e700f27
chatgpt: Police in suburban Atlanta have made arrests in connection with the death of 21-year-old James Jones Jr., a native of Daytona Beach, Florida. According to authorities, the suspects were known to the victim and were arrested on felony murder, aggravated assault, and armed robbery charges. The suspects are identified as 18-year-old Jordan Baker, 19-year-old Jonathon Myles, and 21-year-old Kaylnn Ruthenberg. All three are currently being held in jail pending further investigation. According to police reports, Jones was shot before he even had a chance to get out of his vehicle. The incident occurred in a residential area in suburban Atlanta, and police responded to the scene after receiving reports of gunshots. Investigators believe that Jones and the suspects were known to each other prior to the shooting, and that the incident may have been drug-related. However, the investigation is still ongoing and no further details have been released at this time. Jones was a young man with his whole life ahead of him, and his family is devastated by the news of his death. They are now trying to come to terms with the fact that he was taken from them so suddenly and senselessly. The community has also been impacted by this tragedy, with many expressing their shock and sadness at the news. Jones was well-liked by those who knew him, and his death has left a void in the lives of many. In light of this tragic event, law enforcement officials in suburban Atlanta are urging residents to be vigilant and to report any suspicious activity in their neighborhoods. They are also reminding people to avoid getting involved with drugs or other criminal activities, which can have dangerous and even deadly consequences. The investigation into the death of James Jones Jr. is ongoing, and authorities are working diligently to uncover any new information that may shed light on the circumstances surrounding his death. Anyone with information about this case is urged to contact the police department immediately. In the meantime, the family of James Jones Jr. is left to pick up the pieces and try to find some sense of closure in the wake of this tragedy. They ask that people keep them in their thoughts and prayers during this difficult time.