article: Equality: Ben Bradshaw said the Anglican talent pool is drying up while the Church has a high number of women who would make 'first-class' bishops . The Church of England is running out of male priests good enough to be bishops, a senior Labour MP said yesterday. Former Culture Secretary Ben Bradshaw said the Anglican talent pool is drying up while the Church has a high number of women who would make first-class bishops. He spoke during a Westminster debate in which MPs warned the Church of England not to delay any longer in its progress towards allowing women to be consecrated as bishops. Mr Bradshaw said in a Westminster Hall debate that there were rumours that the Church had run out of credible candidates worthy of promotion. He said: ‘We have a great bunch of bishops and they do a fantastic job in the House of Lords, but one does hear sort of rumours that we are getting to the end of our talent pool when it comes to male suffragans who we can promote up into diocesan bishops. ‘That is certainly not the case when it comes to our senior women clergy. And there are many senior women clergy, who I can imagine, would make absolutely first-class bishops.’ The CofE has been under political pressure to speed the appointment of women bishops since the autumn of 2012, when conservative evangelicals in its parliament, the General Synod, succeeding in wrecking Church laws to remove the block on the promotion of women. David Cameron said at the time that the Church needed a ‘sharp prod’ and other MPs threatened that Parliament would force the CofE’s hand. A speed-up of Church legislation now means the first women bishops may be appointed by the end of the years. Labour Shadow Culture Minister Helen Goodman told MPs in the debate yesterday that Parliament would not settle for an ‘indefinite delay’ on the consecration of female bishops. Labour Shadow Culture Minister Helen Goodman said the Archbishop of Canterbury, the Most Reverend Justin Welby had 'managed this situation quite brilliantly and has shown a very deft touch' She told Tory Sir Tony Baldry, who speaks for the Church in the Commons, said: ‘We want to offer our full support to you, as second Church Estates Commissioner, in the message that Parliament is not content to see indefinite delay. ‘We are 100 per cent behind you in giving that message to the Church.’ Miss Goodman added that the Archbishop of Canterbury, the Most Reverend Justin Welby had ‘managed this situation quite brilliantly and has shown a very deft touch.’ Sir Tony warned MPs that although the Synod was set to approve women bishops, there would need to be primary legislation in Parliament before they could legally be appointed.
highlights: Ben Bradshaw said many women in the Church are 'first-class candidates . CofE is being urged to remove blocks on promotion of women . Cameron has said Church is in need of 'sharp prod .
id: ef8317fc578cfc0d331ed2447bd79755ea5fae51
chatgpt: Ben Bradshaw, the Labour MP for Exeter, has called for the Church of England (CofE) to remove any barriers that may be preventing women from ascending to senior positions of leadership. Speaking to The Guardian, Bradshaw expressed his frustration that many women in the Church are "first-class candidates" yet are being held back by "outdated attitudes" on the part of some within the institution. This call follows comments made by Prime Minister David Cameron, who also voiced his concern over the lack of female representation in the Church of England. Cameron stated that the Church was in need of a "sharp prod" to address its ongoing gender inequality issues. Despite the Church's decision to allow the ordination of women, there are still significant barriers preventing them from taking on leadership roles. For instance, women currently make up only a fraction of the senior clergy members within the Church, and there is still no female bishop in the Church of England. Bradshaw's comments come at a time when the CofE is still grappling with how to address its gender imbalance. In 2014, the Church finally agreed to allow women to take on the role of bishop, but even then, it took another two years before the first female bishop was appointed. This ongoing exclusion of women from top positions in the Church has been criticized by various groups, including the National Society, a charity that promotes Christian education. The charity's chief executive, Marion Matheson, has called for the CofE to take more proactive steps to address gender imbalance. The lack of female representation within the Church is not just a matter of gender equality, but also one of practicality. Research has shown that organizations with more diverse leadership teams tend to perform better overall. The benefits of diversity extend to all areas of society, including the Church, which could potentially see improvements in its effectiveness and relevance if more women were appointed to leadership positions. Ben Bradshaw's comments provide another opportunity for the CofE to reflect upon its current policies and address where institutional barriers may exist, which exclude women from opportunities for leadership. It remains to be seen how the Church will respond, but the voices of those such as Bradshaw and Cameron may play a key role in encouraging the CofE to adopt more progressive and inclusive policies. If the Church takes action sooner rather than later, it could lead to a transformative shift that benefits all involved.