article: By . Peter Allen In Paris . PUBLISHED: . 16:00 EST, 13 July 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 16:57 EST, 13 July 2013 . A jilted husband whose wife left him for disgraced banker Dominique Strauss-Kahn is considering legal action. Music producer Johnny Cloutier, 48, is calling in lawyers after claiming he  is being denied access to the marital home and his two sons, aged 13 and three. Strauss-Kahn’s affair with blonde TV executive Myriam L’Aouffir, 45, became public in May when they arrived at the Cannes Film Festival together. Public affair: The affair between disgraced former IMF boss Dominique Strauss-Kahn with TV executive Myriam L'Aouffir became public knowledge when they arrived at Cannes Film Festival together . The 64-year-old former International Monetary Fund chief has never been far from the headlines in recent years – including charges of attempted rape and accusations that he was a pimp organising orgies – but now Ms L’Aouffir’s personal life is in the spotlight. A friend of Mr Cloutier said he was ‘absolutely furious’ about the affair. ‘His sons knew nothing about their mother carrying on with Strauss-Kahn until they saw them on the red carpet together at the Cannes Film Festival. 'Since then, Myriam and Strauss-Kahn have been popping up at any glamorous event you can think of,’ said the friend. ‘Johnny is livid about this – as far as he is concerned, someone who was accused of rape is sleeping with his wife in their marital bed. ‘The situation is intolerable.’ The former IMF chief had been . expected by many to become France's Socialist presidential candidate . before his professional career came to a screeching halt with his May . 2011 arrest. His . accuser, Nafissatou Diallo, a housekeeper from Guinea in her early . thirties, told police in 2011 that Strauss-Kahn had forced her to . perform oral sex and tried to rape her after she arrived to clean his . suite, causing her to tear a ligament in her shoulder. Notorious: Strauss-Kahn has never been far from the headlines in recent years . Strauss-Kahn, . who has since separated from his wife, said in a 2011 interview on . prime-time television in France that what happened was ‘a moral . failing,’ but was a consensual sexual act. The . accusations against him led to his arrest in New York, forced him to . step down from his IMF post and quickly ended his potential candidacy . for the French presidency. His sexual assault case was dismissed by a New York judge in August 2011. In . March 2012 additional charges surfaced that Strauss-Kahn and several . other influential Frenchmen held organized sex parties around the world, . using the Carlton Hotel in Lille, France, as their base of operations. French . prosecutors are now seeking to drop all charges against Strauss-Kahn . related to ‘aggravated pimping’ in the Lille Carlton.
highlights: Disgraced former boss of IMF having affair with Myriam L'Aouffir, 45 . Her husband Johnny Cloutier, 48, has called in lawyers . Claims he is being denied access to home and two sons, 13 and eight .
id: df294cf9136758a39cb54d76d2c91c139e8a465a
chatgpt: Dominique Strauss-Kahn, the former head of the International Monetary Fund (IMF), has found himself embroiled in yet another scandal. This time it's due to his alleged affair with Myriam L'Aouffir, a 45-year-old woman who is married to Johnny Cloutier, 48. Since news of the affair broke, Cloutier has reportedly hired lawyers and claimed he is being denied access to his home and two sons, aged 13 and 8. Strauss-Kahn has been no stranger to controversy, having resigned as the head of the IMF back in 2011 following allegations of sexual assault against a hotel maid. These latest allegations have only added to his already tarnished reputation. According to sources close to the situation, Strauss-Kahn and L'Aouffir have been involved in a romantic relationship for some time. Their relationship reportedly began after they met at a party several years ago, long after Strauss-Kahn's infamous fall from grace. Cloutier, L'Aouffir's husband, claims that Strauss-Kahn's interference in their marriage has caused significant problems. In a statement to the press, Cloutier said that he has been denied access to his home and children, and that the situation has taken a significant toll on him. "My wife has been having an affair with Dominique Strauss-Kahn for some time now," Cloutier said. "While I understand that people fall in love and make mistakes, the fact that he has caused me to be denied access to my home and children is unforgivable." Cloutier's lawyers have reportedly been working to resolve the issue, but it remains unclear what actions they will take. In the meantime, the scandal has continued to make headlines around the world. Strauss-Kahn has not commented on the allegations surrounding his affair with L'Aouffir, nor has he addressed the claims made by her husband. However, sources have indicated that he is planning to release a statement soon. In the wake of this scandal, many are calling for Strauss-Kahn to step away from the public eye and focus on repairing his personal life. It remains to be seen whether he will heed these calls, or whether he will continue to court scandal and controversy. Whatever the outcome, it's clear that this latest scandal is just one more chapter in the tumultuous life of Dominique Strauss-Kahn. From his tenure at the IMF to his controversial personal life, he seems to have a knack for finding himself at the center of attention – for better or for worse.