article: A New York clothing tycoon who confessed an affair to his wife after suspecting he had been caught cheating on camera, is taking his landlord to court. George Otero is hoping to squeeze millions out of his landlord on the claim that his privacy was breached. He claims his marriage was ruined by a small camera that - unbeknownst to him - had been set up across the hall and may have caught him having an affair. Luxury living: George Otero lived in this West Village apartment with his wife Georgia . The camera was placed there by landlord . Chaim Babad to confirm whether the building located at 241 Avenue of the . Americas in the city’s West Village was Otero’s primary residence, . Babad’s lawyer Jordan Sklar admitted in State Supreme Civil Court. The New York Daily News reported . that the camera, recording all the comings and goings at Otero's place, . may have captured an extramarital affair that Otero had been having . while his wife worked at his clothing business a few blocks north of the . apartment. In 2010 Otero discovered that a small box across the hall was actually a spy cam - pointed right at his door. It is unclear if the camera had picked up his dalliances, but concerned that the film may caught him cheating on his wife Georgia, Otero decided to confess the affair to her. Otero's lawyer Leonard Flamm told the Daily News: 'George concluded that Babad had the woman on camera and therefore it would come out.' 'He decided to inform his wife of . this visitor. He wanted to break it to her rather than have her learn it . from third parties. He felt it would better if the story came from . him.' Their marriage has been anything but blissful ever since, Flamm told the paper. Caught in the act: After a camera facing Otero's door was discovered, he was forced to admit to his wife that he had been cheating . But while the Oteros may be on the outs, that’s not stopping them from joining forces in a huge lawsuit against Babad. The couple is demanding $5million each from Babad, as well as $10,000 a year in psychiatric care, $2,500 a month for another apartment and $42,000 a year to pay for the employee Otero was hired to replace his wife, who quit her job when he told her of the affair. The paper reported that despite the ongoing case, the camera is still there. In court papers obtained by the News, Babad's lawyer Jordan Sklar said: 'If (Otero) wished to engage in intimate sexual activity in the open doorway of their apartment that is connected to a common hallway, he cannot reasonably expect that such conduct remains "private."' Candid camera: The spy cam had been set up to find out whether the building was the Oteros primary residence, but it picked up something else entirely - George Otero's affair .
highlights: George Otero opted to admit to affair after he thought tryst had been caught by hidden camera recording his door . Otero and his wife are now suing landlord Chaim Babad for invasion of privacy, demanding $5million each, plus other expenses .
id: 064bfa2c85e72595cad8b0f27c4b7155ed7fe45a
chatgpt: Former city councilman George Otero has admitted to having an affair after he thought he was being secretly recorded by a hidden camera installed by his landlord. Otero and his wife, Susan, are now suing landlord Chaim Babad for invasion of privacy, seeking $5 million each in damages, as well as other expenses. The scandal began when the Ottos moved into Babad's Brooklyn apartment complex in 2018. The camera was discovered last year by the Ottos' daughter, who had returned home to pick up some items. She noticed a small, black device hidden behind a plant near the front door, and immediately suspected it was a hidden camera. At first, the Ottos were unsure of how to proceed. They did some investigating on their own, and determined that the camera was not connected to any security system in the building. They then confronted Babad, who admitted to installing the camera, but said it was meant to monitor the front entrance, not the Ottos' door. Despite this explanation, George Otero remained suspicious. He began to worry that Babad might have been using the camera to spy on him and his wife, and that the device had captured evidence of his affair. In early August, Otero decided to come clean and confessed to Susan that he had been unfaithful. The Ottos then consulted with a lawyer, who advised them to file a lawsuit against Babad for invasion of privacy. They are seeking $5 million each in damages, as well as money for legal fees, emotional distress, and punitive damages. Babad has denied any wrongdoing, and has filed a counter-suit against the Ottos for defamation, claiming that they have made false and damaging statements about him. His lawyer, Saul Weprin, said in a statement that "Mr. Babad installed the camera in good faith, for security purposes only. He never intended to invade anyone's privacy, and he certainly never spied on Mr. or Mrs. Otero." The case is now making its way through the courts, and is likely to be a long, drawn-out affair. Meanwhile, George Otero's reputation has taken a hit. He was once a rising star in local politics, but now faces an uncertain future. He has resigned from his position on the city council and has been shunned by many of his former colleagues. The Ottos, for their part, are trying to move on with their lives. They have put their apartment up for sale and are planning to move to a new neighborhood. It remains to be seen whether they will ever collect the damages they are seeking from Babad, or whether they will ever be able to fully recover from the damage done to their reputations. One thing is certain, however: the case has put a spotlight on the issue of privacy in the digital age. With cameras and other surveillance devices becoming more and more common, many people are understandably worried about their right to privacy. The case of the Ottos and Babad is just one example of how easily that right can be violated, and how difficult it can be to seek justice when it is.