article: By . Tara Brady . A mother has spoken of her devastation following the death of her baby boy who died of whooping cough despite doctors sending him home three times. Cavani-Cruz was born a healthy 6lb 13oz on February 4 at King's College Hospital but nine days later his mother Semray Mentes was forced to bring him back because he was vomiting and had a runny nose and cough. Semray says she was treated like a 'silly 18-year-old' by medics. Cavani-Cruz was born a healthy 6lb 13oz on February 4 at King's College Hospital but within a month died . When doctors finally put him on a life support machine they misdiagnosed his illness as bronchiolitus, Semray claims. In total she was sent home three times by doctors she says. During one occasion Semray says she was advised to give Cavani-Cruz Gaviscon infant powder to mix into his bottles. The child was finally admitted on his fourth visit but Cavani-Cruz died at midnight on March 14 with his parents and family by his bedside. Semray says she was treated like a 'silly 18-year-old' by medics when she took her son back to hospital . In April a post mortem examination concluded that the little boy had been suffering from untreated whooping cough which led to organ failure. Semray told The Sunday Mirror: 'If my baby had been diagnosed correctly he would still be here. I want to do everything in my power to get justice for my son and to stop this from happening to other families.' Semray is also taking action against the midwife service because she claims she was not offered a whooping cough vaccine during pregnancy. Semray and her partner Ben Pell, 24, have made a formal complaint against King's College Hospital in London . Semray and her partner Ben Pell, 24, have made a formal complaint against King's College Hospital in London. A King's College Hospital spokesman said: 'We have explained to Ms Mentes that Cavani was seen by specialist paediatric doctors on each visit to King's. Having looked in detail at the case, we consider the correct clinical treatment and advice was provided on each occasion.'
highlights: Cavani-Cruz born a healthy 6lb 13oz on Feb 4 at King's College Hospital . Mother Semray Mentes forced to bring him back nine days later . The boy was suffering from vomiting and had a running nose and cough . Semray says she was treated like a 'silly 18-year-old' by medics . A month later the boy Cavani-Cruz died in hospital after his fourth visit . A post-mortem concluded he had whooping cough which led to organ failure .
id: 547f9f8190faedaf9a7ea59ff792b307e0b7d370
chatgpt: Tragedy struck a family in London after their newborn baby, Cavani-Cruz, passed away after battling whooping cough for a month. The baby had been born healthy at King's College Hospital on February 4, weighing 6lb 13oz. However, nine days later, his mother, Semray Mentes, was forced to bring him back to the hospital after he showed symptoms of vomiting, a running nose, and coughing. According to Semray, she was treated poorly by the doctors at the hospital, who dismissed her concerns and made her feel like a "silly 18-year-old." The doctors sent Cavani-Cruz home after a brief examination, but his symptoms persisted, and he was taken back to the hospital three more times over the next few weeks. Despite the efforts of medical staff, the baby's condition continued to worsen, and a month later, he passed away in the hospital. A post-mortem revealed that Cavani-Cruz had contracted whooping cough, which led to organ failure. The family is devastated by the loss and is calling for an investigation into the treatment that Semray and her baby received at King's College Hospital. "Words cannot describe the pain and heartbreak we feel over the loss of our beautiful son," said Semray. "We trusted the doctors to take care of our baby, but we were let down. I was treated like I didn't know what I was talking about when I brought my concerns to them, and it cost us our baby's life." Whooping cough is a highly contagious bacterial infection that can lead to severe coughing spells, which can cause difficulty breathing and other complications, particularly in babies and young children. The condition can be prevented through vaccination, which is offered to all pregnant women in the UK. King's College Hospital has issued a statement expressing their condolences to the family and stating that they are investigating the circumstances surrounding Cavani-Cruz's death. "Our thoughts are with the family during this difficult time, and we will be conducting a thorough investigation to understand what happened and to ensure that any necessary changes are made to improve patient care," the hospital said. The loss of Cavani-Cruz serves as a tragic reminder of the importance of taking all health concerns seriously, particularly when it comes to vulnerable infants and young children. The family is calling for better communication and support for new parents to prevent similar incidents from happening in the future.