article: By . Tom Mctague, Mail Online Deputy Political Editor . Anyone twice caught carrying on a knife will be automatically jailed, under tough new laws passed by MPs tonight. Tory and Labour backbenchers joined forces to see off an attempt by the Lib Dems to block the measure after Nick Clegg claimed it would see gangs forcing innocent victims to carry knives on their behalf. Mr Clegg's veto  meant Conservative ministers were unable to support the proposal. But it was passed after Tory backbench MP Nick De Bois tabled the measure anyway - with the tacit backing of David Cameron. Knife thugs will be automatically jailed the second time they are caught carrying a blade after Labour MPs backed the Tory proposal in the face of Lib Dem opposition . With Labour support the automatic jail rule passed the Commons by 404 votes to 53. Mr De Bois said the automatic jail sentence would send a clear signal to violent criminals. He said: 'Some have argued that sending a signal may not be enough, that potential offenders do not think of the consequences of pocketing a knife. 'Quite simply, in the vast majority of cases, let's face it, to kill someone with a knife you first have to carry a knife, and I believe our courts are dispensing sentences for possession of a knife in thousands of cases that are quite simply treated by offenders as little more than an occupational hazard. Labour's shadow justice secretary Sadiq Khan said the tough new rules were only introduced because of Labour support . 'With nearly 8,000 last year being fines and cautions, I would suggest that in some cases that fuels knife crime and does nothing to halt knife crime.' Under the proposals, adults would receive a minimum six-month jail term on their second conviction for carrying a knife, while 16-year-olds would be given at least a four-month detaining and training order. Labour's shadow justice secretary Sadiq Khan welcomed the ruling. He said: 'In opposition David Cameron promised that everyone caught carrying a knife would go to jail. 'After four years as Prime Minister and four years of broken promises, it’s not surprising that David Cameron and his ministers failed to support these measures. They have only been passed because of Labour support. 'We must send out a strong message that knife crime is unacceptable. 'Now, someone caught, charged, prosecuted and found guilty of carrying a knife for a second time will almost certainly be sent to prison unless there are particular reasons why they shouldn’t be. 'There will still be judicial discretion, but the message is clear, those who repeatedly commit knife crime face prison. 'We don’t believe this in itself is enough to rid our streets of the scourge of knives, which is why its important work is done with families, schools, colleges and youth clubs to prevent people carrying a knife in the first place.'
highlights: Labour MPs back Tory proposal to jail anyone twice caught with a knife . Nick Clegg had vetoed the plan over fears it would tie judges' hands . But David Cameron gave Tory MPs the go ahead to table proposal anyway . Ministers abstained in vote tonight but MPs overwhelmingly supported it .
id: 8ff73375f88fe71ac684b53daaed66c19bfb4e4e
chatgpt: In a surprising move, a proposal was tabled in the House of Commons today which could see anyone caught twice with a knife being sentenced to a mandatory prison term. The proposal was backed by Labour MPs, despite initial hesitation from Liberal Democrat leader Nick Clegg. Clegg had originally vetoed the proposal, fearing it would take away judges' discretion in sentencing and tie their hands. However, Conservative Prime Minister David Cameron gave his MPs the go ahead to table the proposal anyway. While ministers abstained from the vote tonight, MPs overwhelmingly voted in support of the proposal. It is not yet clear whether the proposal will become law, but it has sparked a fierce debate about the appropriate way to deal with knife crime. Many MPs argued that mandatory prison sentences were necessary to send a clear message that carrying a knife is unacceptable in society. They cited the rising number of knife-related crimes as evidence that current measures were not enough to deter people from carrying weapons. "We need to send a message that carrying a knife is not acceptable, and that there will be serious consequences for those who are caught with one," said Labour MP Maria Eagle, who spoke in support of the proposal. Others, however, were sceptical of the proposal, arguing that it would not solve the underlying issues that lead young people to carry knives in the first place. They argued that more resources were needed to address socio-economic problems, and that mandatory prison sentences would simply exacerbate the problem by stigmatising offenders and making it harder for them to reintegrate into society. "There's a reason why young people carry knives, and that's because they feel unsafe in their communities," said Labour MP Diane Abbott. "We need to address the root causes of knife crime, not simply throw people in jail and forget about them." Despite the passionate arguments on both sides of the debate, it seems likely that the proposal will become law. The Conservative government has made tackling knife crime a key priority, and has already introduced a number of measures designed to crack down on those who carry weapons. If the proposal does become law, it will be interesting to see how effective it is at reducing knife crime. Critics argue that mandatory prison sentences will only serve to increase the prison population, while failing to address the root causes of knife crime. Whatever the outcome, it seems clear that the debate over how to tackle knife crime will continue to rage on in the months and years to come.