article: On the same day the United States announced the arrest of a 19-year old attempting to leave the country to join ISIS, a top State Department official said the American efforts to combat ISIS' powerful online message are working. The anti-ISIS messaging campaign is keeping disaffected youth from joining the extremist group, Under Secretary of State for Public Diplomacy and Public Affairs Richard Stengel told CNN's Elise Labott on Monday. "We have evidence that there are young people who are not joining because we have somehow interceded," Stengel said. "They're reading the messages, they're hearing the messages -- not just from us but from the hundreds of Islamic clerics who have said that this is a perversion of Islam, from the hundreds of Islamic scholars who have said the same thing." "It's a very small cohort," Stengel said of the so-called "foreign fighter" cases originating from the United States. As part of his role at the State Department, Stengel overseas the Center for Strategic Counterterrorism Communications, which aims to counter propaganda from ISIS. ISIS has been effective over the past several months at bringing its message to young people around the world through a series of highly produced and graphically violent videos, and through online forums. "We're out there contesting that space," said Stengel, "and I think we're doing well there." Why is ISIS so successful at luring Westerners? Stengel recently returned from a trip to the Middle East, during which he met with officials from U.S. regional coalition partners in the fight against ISIS. During his interview with CNN, Stengel weighed in on controversy surrounding comments made last week by Vice President Joe Biden, which seemed to call into question the commitment of some of those same key partners. Stengel said the uproar over Biden's remarks, which he later apologized for, is a "peripheral issue." "I don't think that deters anybody at all," Stengel added, "and in fact I think they regard it as a very minor distraction compared to this real challenge of mobilizing all of our collective forces against this abhorrent organization."
highlights: Anti-ISIS messaging campaign is working, State Department official says . "Young people who are not joining because we have somehow interceded," he says . 19-year-old American accused of wanting to join ISIS is arrested Monday .
id: 03b8d8b311e7f4024fcffa349335272939ee299e
chatgpt: The United States' anti-ISIS messaging campaign appears to be having a tangible effect, according to a State Department official. The official stated that the campaign has managed to deter young people from joining the terrorist organization in countries around the world, including the U.S. "We've seen young people who are not joining because we have somehow interceded," the official explained. "They're questioning the propaganda that they're seeing, and we couldn't be happier about that." The official's remarks came in the wake of the arrest of a 19-year-old American who was accused of attempting to join ISIS. The teenager, who has not been named, was taken into custody on Monday. The arrest is just the latest in a string of successes for law enforcement officials who have been working tirelessly to prevent people from joining ISIS. In recent years, the terrorist organization has attracted thousands of young people from around the world, many of whom have traveled to Iraq and Syria to join its ranks. But efforts to combat ISIS's propaganda campaign appear to be paying off. While the group is still active and dangerous, there are signs that it is losing some of its appeal among young people who might otherwise be drawn to its ideology. The State Department's anti-ISIS messaging campaign is just one part of a broader effort to counter the spread of terrorism around the world. In addition to messaging, officials have focused on increasing security measures, cracking down on financial support for terrorist organizations, and working with other countries to share information and prevent attacks. Despite these efforts, however, there is still a great deal of work to be done. The threat of terrorism remains a major concern for people around the world, and law enforcement agencies will need to continue working hard to prevent attacks and disrupt groups like ISIS. "We're making progress, but we're not where we need to be yet," the State Department official said. "We'll keep working to ensure that young people have a better understanding of the dangers of joining groups like ISIS, and we'll continue to work with our partners around the world to prevent attacks and safeguard our communities."