article: Havana, Cuba (CNN) -- A U.S. State Department contractor jailed in Cuba will be allowed to receive a medical exam from a U.S. doctor, a Cuban government official told CNN Wednesday. The family of Alan Gross, 64, for months had asked that they be permitted to send a doctor to examine the Maryland native who is serving a 15-year sentence for bringing to Cuba banned communications equipment as part of a U.S. government-funded program to promote democracy on the island. Gross' family said that he has lost more than 100 pounds since his incarceration in 2009 and that a mass on his shoulder may be cancerous. The Cuban government countered that Gross receives medical care from Cuban doctors at the prison hospital where he is being held and that he is in good condition for a man his age. Jared Gensler, an attorney for Gross, declined to comment on the Cuban government's allowing Gross to receive a visit from a U.S. physician or when the visit would take place. The change in course comes as Cuba has intensified its campaign to secure the release of Cuban intelligence agents serving lengthy prison sentences in the United States. Cuban officials argue that the men infiltrated hard-line Cuban-exile groups to prevent terrorist attacks on the island. But U.S. prosecutors called the men spies, and they were convicted in 2001. Four of the agents remain in U.S. federal prison. The fifth man, Rene Gonzalez, returned to Cuba last month after serving 14 years in prison and on supervised release. Gonzalez, who was born in Chicago, renounced his U.S. citizenship last month as part of a deal that allowed him to return to the island and not serve a final year of supervised release in the U.S. Cuba will continue to push for the four other agents' release, Gonzalez said in a news conference in Havana Wednesday. "We have hope that if the American people know about the case, the facts, they will put pressure on the White House for a solution," Gonzalez said. Last year, Cuban officials said they wanted to negotiate the jailed agents' case along with Gross'. "The ball's in their court," said Johana Tablada, subdirector of the department that oversees U.S. affairs at Cuba's Foreign Ministry. "We are waiting on the U.S. government's response." But U.S. officials have rejected calls for a prisoner swap, instead arguing that Gross did not spy during his visits to Cuba and should be released immediately. "Hopefully, a solution can be found that is mutually beneficial," said Kenia Serrano, president of the Cuban Institute of Friendship with the Peoples, a Cuban organization working to secure the agents' freedom. "All the families involved have suffered greatly."
highlights: Cuba to let U.S. doctor examine Alan Gross, 64, a jailed State Department contractor . Gross' family says he's in ill health; Cuban officials say he's healthy for his age . Gross is serving 15 years for bringing banned communications equipment to the island . Cuba wants to negotiate Gross' fate and that of Cubans in U.S. federal prison for spying .
id: ca187c9b117e1ad27ded22fbc52c68f5be19da55
chatgpt: Cuban officials have agreed to let a U.S. doctor examine Alan Gross, a State Department contractor who has been serving a 15-year prison sentence in Cuba. The move comes after Gross' family expressed concerns over his deteriorating health. While Cuban officials claim that he is healthy for his age, Gross' family insists that he has lost over 100 pounds in detention and suffers from several medical conditions. Gross was arrested in 2009 for bringing banned communications equipment to the island as part of a U.S. government program promoting democracy in Cuba. His case has strained the already tense relations between the United States and Cuba, which has been under a U.S. trade embargo for over half a century. Cuban officials have been calling for Gross to be released in exchange for three Cuban intelligence agents imprisoned in the United States. The U.S. government has refused to negotiate a deal, maintaining that Gross was simply trying to help the Cuban people by establishing internet connections. However, the worsening health of Gross, who is now 64 years old, has prompted some to call for a change in strategy. Cuban officials have indicated that they are open to talks with the United States over the fate of Gross and the Cuban intelligence agents, as well as the release of other Cubans currently imprisoned in the United States for spying. However, any negotiations would likely face significant hurdles given the long-standing discord between the two countries. The case of Alan Gross has also highlighted the broader issue of political prisoners in Cuba. Human rights groups have long criticized Cuba for its treatment of dissidents and political opponents, many of whom are held without trial. The Cuban government has denied these charges, insisting that its political prisoners are actually convicted criminals. With U.S.-Cuba relations showing signs of thawing under the Obama administration, there may be opportunities for both countries to take steps towards resolving the issue of political prisoners. Whether or not the case of Alan Gross can serve as a catalyst for change in this area remains to be seen.