article: MEXICO CITY, Mexico (CNN) -- Mexico has announced plans to raise tariffs on almost 90 U.S. exports, Mexican and U.S. officials confirmed Monday. Mexico's state-run news agency says tariffs are in retaliation for cancellation of a U.S. trucking project. The new trade measures are in retaliation for the cancellation earlier this year of a U.S. commercial trucking project and will target U.S. industrial and agricultural products delivered to Mexico, Mexico's state-run news agency said. Mexico's Economic Secretary Gerardo Ruiz Mateos called the cancellation of the program a breach of the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), the agency said. White House spokesman Robert Gibbs said the trucking project was killed in the 2009 omnibus appropriations bill, but President Barack Obama has asked his administration to create a new program. "Congress has opposed the project in the past because of concerns about the process that led to the program's establishment and its operation," Gibbs said. The project allowed a small number of Mexican trucks to enter the United States beyond the normal commercial zones, and allowed some U.S. trucks the same privilege in Mexico. Sen. John McCain, R-Arizona, warned that the Mexican action would harm American businesses. "Unfortunately, this is a predictable reaction by the Mexican government to a policy that now puts the United States in clear violation of the North American Free Trade Agreement and was inappropriately inserted into the omnibus appropriations bill," McCain said after learning of the Mexican government's plans. McCain said Washington "must take steps to prevent escalation of further protectionist measures -- actions that only serve to harm American business during these tough economic times when these businesses need a worldwide marketplace to prosper." "This is another reason why the president should have vetoed the omnibus spending bill," McCain added. Mexico's intentions to raise tariffs on U.S. goods "is an absurd overreaction to the shutdown of the unsafe cross-border trucking pilot program," Teamsters President Jim Hoffa said. "The right response from Mexico would be to make sure its drivers and trucks are safe enough to use our highways without endangering our drivers," Hoffa said in a statement issued by the union. "The border must stay closed until Mexico holds up its end of the bargain."
highlights: Tariffs will target about 90 U.S. industrial, agricultural products delivered to Mexico . Sen. John McCain warns that new measure will harm American businesses . Measures reportedly in retaliation for cancellation of U.S. commercial trucking project . Project allowed some Mexican trucks to enter U.S. beyond normal commercial zones .
id: e2f32906009056596b9769ac53fdcba5bdcb4fb7
chatgpt: Mexico has announced that it will be imposing tariffs on almost 90 industrial and agricultural products imported from the United States. The move is in retaliation to the cancellation of the U.S. commercial trucking project that permitted Mexican trucks to enter the U.S. beyond normal commercial zones. According to reports, the tariffs will be implemented on products like pork, cheese, potatoes, apples and grapes, among others. The Mexican authorities claim that the new measures have been taken to balance the losses that their economy incurred due to the change in trade regulations with the US. While this will undoubtedly affect the US, the announcement has raised alarm in American businesses as well. Sen. John McCain has warned that the new measure will lead to harm to American businesses across the board. “This is yet another example of the shortsighted policies that have characterized our relations with Mexico for far too long. Instead of implementing policies that create jobs and promote economic growth, we insist on antagonizing our neighbors to the south,” he said in a statement. The US trucking project that allowed some Mexican trucks to enter beyond designated commercial zones was long in place as part of the 1994 North American Free Trade Agreement. Critics of the policy have been warning that such policies contributed to unsafe conditions on U.S. roads, and result in loss of jobs to American trucking firms. However, the Mexican authorities saw these policies as discriminatory and not in line with the spirit of the agreement. The new tariffs will undoubtedly affect the trade relations between the two countries. The move is being seen as a counter attack by Mexico since the Trump administration has imposed tariffs on Mexican steel and aluminum. The decision was taken by Mexico after attempts to renegotiate NAFTA failed. The two countries have been trying to iron out the details of the trade deal for months, but progress has been slow, leading to frayed ties and tense relations between the two countries. The effects of the new tariffs on the US and Mexico’s economies are yet to be seen. However, the move sets a dangerous precedent, and it is to be seen if there will be any attempts made to mitigate the damage done to the trade ties between the two countries.