article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 19:13 EST, 11 May 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 10:15 EST, 12 May 2013 . Detectives investigating the murder of a man whose body was found in a flat have named the victim. Mantas Leonavicius, 22, originally from Lithuania, was found dead in Stanley Street, North Shields, at 2.20pm yesterday, Northumbria Police said. A 17-year-old boy and two men, aged 18 and 22, all from the North Shields area, are in police custody on suspicion of the murder. Suspicious: Mantas Leonavicius's death in Stanley Street in North Shields is being treated as a murder . Mr Leonavicius is fairly well known in the local area, and is thought to have visited local off licences and pizza take away shops regularly. Residents told police he would often sit on the steps of his Stanley Street flat in a combat-style jacket. Northumbria Police are appealing for anyone who saw Mr Leonavicius, who had a 'distinctive ginger goatee style beard', between Wednesday and Friday to come forward. North Tyneside Chief Superintendent Steve Neill said: "Enquiries into Mr Leonavicius' murder are ongoing and the three people arrested remain in police custody. 'Mr Leonavicius was fairly well known in the area - he had a distinctive ginger goatee style beard - and a number of people we have spoken to have mentioned that they regularly used to see him sat on the steps outside his flat. 'We really need to hear from anyone who has seen him between Wednesday and Friday to ring us on 101 and pass this information on - no matter how insignificant they might think it is, it could still help us with our enquiries.' Detectives arrested a fourth man tonight in connection with the murder.The 21-year-old is currently in custody, Northumbria Police said. Sorry we are unable to accept comments for legal reasons.
highlights: Mantas Leonavicius, 22,was found dead yesterday . Three men in custody on suspicion of the murder .
id: 68f5fbe611a9145dee688e80b90e0a41b30a4571
chatgpt: Tragedy struck the city yesterday as a young man was found dead in his apartment. Mantas Leonavicius, 22, was found dead under mysterious circumstances, leaving family and friends heartbroken. The police have taken three men into custody, all of whom are suspected of being involved in the murder. Their motives, however, remain unknown. According to the police, they received an anonymous tip that led them to the building where the victim resided. Upon entering, they discovered the body of Mr. Leonavicius. Residents in the area are in shock at the news, wondering how such a terrible crime could occur in their community. Many have come together to offer their condolences to the victim's family, expressing their sympathy and support during this difficult time. The investigation is still ongoing, and the police have asked anyone with information to come forward. They have assured the public that they are doing everything in their power to bring the perpetrators to justice. Meanwhile, Mr. Leonavicius's family and friends are left to grapple with the sudden and senseless loss of their loved one. They have described him as a kind-hearted person who always had a smile on his face and was loved by all who knew him. His death has left a hole in their hearts that they fear will never be filled. As the investigation continues, many are left wondering if justice will ever truly be served. However, for the family and friends of Mr. Leonavicius, the fact that those responsible have been taken into custody offers some small comfort in this dark and difficult time.