article: (CNN) -- A group of men hoist a woman in a wheelchair over the railing of a bridge in Whistler, British Columbia, and let go. The woman screams -- for joy, as her blue bungee cord stretches and goes taut over an icy river 100 meters below. She bounces up and down several times, strapped in her wheelchair, her blond hair flying. "I'm used to sitting upright all the time so the first two seconds sideways really made my stomach turn," said the woman, Christine Rougoor. "It was amazing!" Video of Rougoor's fantastic jump is quickly becoming an Internet sensation. The 25-year-old from Niagra Falls, Ontario made the amazing plunge last Thursday after winning a charity contest sponsored by an adventure company specializing in helping people with disabilities achieve their extreme sport dreams. The group 9Lives Adventures was founded by Karim Ladki, who was paralyzed after breaking his neck in an accident but was determined to continue stoking his love for adventure. The group held a video contest for people with physical disabilities, encouraging them to share their stories. The top three won an all-expenses-paid trip to Whistler to go back-country snowmobiling and bungee jumping. Ladki has organized similar trips in the past and says it's perfectly safe. "I normally tell the first-time jumpers to stay in the chair as it provides a good back support and keeps you upright," he said. "This also prevents any blood from moving around the body too much, furthermore preventing any lightheadedness or black-outs." That was encouragement enough for Rougoor. "For me, the last thing I wanted to do was get thrown over (and) then black out and not remember it!" she said. Rougoor won the trip by submitting a video of her shooting guns, riding high-tech bikes for paraplegics, and playing tennis in her wheelchair. The education student has been in a wheelchair since she broke her spine in a motocross accident while vacationing in Florida in 2008. Rougoor said in her video submission that she was in a coma for three weeks, but was determined to get her life back on track after she got out of the hospital. She returned to college and earned a high school teaching license in art and French, but also has been working hard as a fundraiser for people with mobility issues. The bungee jump was liberating, Rougoor said. "It was a couple of seconds of freedom from any worries and thoughts." So would she encourage other people with disabilities to take the leap? "I would do it again in a heartbeat," she said. "The minute I got back, I begged them to push me back over!"
highlights: Rougoor has been paralyzed since a motocross accident in 2008 . 9Lives Adventures helps the disabled live out their extreme sports dreams . The bungee jump provided a few seconds of freedom, Rougoor says .
id: 5acb2a183ceb19042a277d67042b68f7812d16d5
chatgpt: In 2008, Dutch native Martijn Rougoor found his life changed forever after a motocross accident left him paralyzed. The accident crushed the avid sportsman's dream of pursuing extreme sports and left him confined to a wheelchair for the rest of his life. However, that all changed when he discovered 9Lives Adventures, a non-profit organization that helps the disabled live out their extreme sports dreams. Rougoor recently had the opportunity to participate in a bungee jump through 9Lives Adventures, finally living out his passion for extreme sports that he had long thought were out of his reach. Speaking about the experience, Rougoor described the feeling of the jump as a few seconds of freedom that he had not experienced in over ten years. Founded by former professional snowboarder Tony Schmiesing, 9Lives Adventures is dedicated to helping those who have suffered disabilities pursue their sports dreams. For Schmiesing, the organization is a way to help people like Rougoor overcome the obstacles that may have previously barred them from participating in extreme sports. "What it does is it gives everybody that hope and that motivation to try new things or to do anything that they dream of doing," Schmiesing said. "Disability or not, we all have limitations that we face on a daily basis, and it's really about how we face those challenges." 9Lives Adventures provides training and support for individuals with disabilities to safely participate in activities such as skiing, snowboarding, rock climbing, and surfing. In addition to helping individuals physically participate in extreme sports, the organization also aims to change societal attitudes towards the disabled and promote inclusivity. For Rougoor, participating in the bungee jump was not only a chance to experience the thrill of extreme sports once again, but also a chance to inspire others with disabilities to pursue their passions. "If people see me jumping off a bridge or doing any kind of crazy sports, they can think, 'Wow, if he can do that, maybe I can do something else,'" he said. Despite the challenges he faces on a daily basis as a result of his disability, Rougoor remains optimistic about the future and his ability to continue living life to the fullest. Thanks to 9Lives Adventures, Rougoor has been able to rediscover the thrill of extreme sports and inspire others along the way. The organization is dedicated to continuing its mission of helping disabled individuals overcome obstacles and achieve their dreams, one jump at a time.