article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . After the closing ceremony bid a momentous farewell to Olympic athletes and visitors, a Belarusian shot putter has been stripped of her gold medal after failing a drugs test. Nadzeya Ostapchuk has been ordered to hand over her medal after a banned substance was found in her system. The Belarus athlete tested positive for anabolic agent metenolone during in-competition testing on August 5 and 6 and has been disqualified from the final results. Stripped: Nadzeya Ostapchuk has lost her shot put medal after failing a drugs test . Give it back: The Belarusian was forced to hand her medal back after failing the test . The gold medal is instead awarded to . Valerie Adams of New Zealand, with Russia's Evgeniia Kolodko now taking . silver and Lijiao Gong of China elevated to bronze. An IOC statement read: 'The International Olympic Committee (IOC) today announced that it has disqualified, withdrawn the medal from, and excluded Belarus's Nadzeya Ostapchuk (athletics, women's shot put) from the Games of the XXX Olympiad in London. 'The athlete was first requested to provide a urine sample for a doping control on 5 August. She competed the next day in the women's shot put event, where she placed first, and was asked to provide a sample straight after her competition. 'Both samples indicated the presence of metenolone, which is classified as anabolic agent under the 2012 Prohibited List.' Ostapchuk, . 31, was competing in her third Olympic Games in London, having finished . fourth in Athens in 2004 and claimed bronze in Beijing four years ago. Ostapchuk threw 21.36m with her third attempt to win last week's shot put competition comfortably from Adams (20.70m). The Belarusian is not the only athlete to have failed a test at the 2012 Games, although there have not been many. Russian track cyclist Victoria Baranova was sent home after a pre-Games test found traces of testosterone in her blood, and Syrian hurdler Ghfran Almouhama was sent packing after . methylhexaneamine was found in her system. Although there have been others disqualified and sent home at the London 2012 Games, Ostapchukis the first athlete to have a winning medal stripped from her. Promotion: Valerie Adams (left) will take the gold and Evgeniia Kolodko of Russia (right) the silver . Winner: Ostapchuk's gold will go to silver medallist Valerie Adams of New Zealand . Helping hand: Ostapchuk was assisted by banned substances .
highlights: Nadzeya Ostapchuk ordered to hand over gold medal after anabolic agent found in her system . Belarus athlete won shot put gold with a throw of 21.36m . Valerie Adams of new Zealand will now take the gold instead .
id: 6e7cc0befbe61968a7937862378d8cc7580157bb
chatgpt: Belarusian shot putter Nadzeya Ostapchuk has been stripped of her gold medal after testing positive for anabolic agent metenolone. Ostapchuk, who won the women's shot put with a throw of 21.36 meters, competed on Monday, August 6th, at the Olympic Stadium in London. The International Olympic Committee (IOC) requested the testing of Ostapchuk's urine sample after her gold medal performance. The sample resulted in a positive test for metenolone, which is listed on the World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA) list of prohibited substances. Following this revelation, the gold medal will now be awarded to Valerie Adams of New Zealand. Adams, who had initially finished second, will now take her place as the gold medalist with her throw of 20.70 meters. The silver medalist for the women's shot put is confirmed to be Yevgeniya Kolodko of Russia. China's Gong Lijiao, who initially finished fourth, will now be awarded the bronze medal. Ostapchuk, who had won the world title in 2005 and 2010 and the European title this year, will now be handed a lifetime ban from the Olympic Games. The Belarusian Olympic Committee will also receive a reprimand. This incident has caused widespread dismay among the athletics community, with many calling for even stricter doping controls at high-level sporting events. Russian pole vaulter Elena Isinbayeva, who won gold in the women's pole vault in London, has called for stricter drug testing at all events. In a statement, Isinbayeva said: "The IOC and WADA should take more serious measures. Not only in the Olympics and world championships but also in all other international competitions. We need to set a good example for young athletes." This is not the first instance of doping at the London Olympics. Earlier in the games, Tajikistan athlete Dilshod Nazarov tested positive for banned substance furosemide. He had competed in the men's hammer throw competition and was disqualified from the event. Despite these incidents, the London Olympics have provided many hours of joy and excitement for sports fans around the world. With many remarkable performances setting new records and creating inspiring moments, the Olympic spirit remains strong.