article: (CNN Student News) -- June 6, 2014 . A look back, a look ahead, and a look at stories making headlines today are all part of this June 6 edition of CNN Student News. Subjects covered include D-Day and a General Motors investigation. We'll also recap some of the biggest news events of the school year. This is the last edition of CNN Student News for the 2013-2014 school year. We look forward to seeing you in mid-August! On this page you will find today's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call. TRANSCRIPT . Click here to access the transcript of today's CNN Student News program. Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published. DAILY CURRICULUM . Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum (PDF). End of Year Newsquiz: The following questions relate to events that were covered this school year on CNN Student News. Write your answers in the space provided. 1. What former president of South Africa and anti-apartheid leader passed away in December? 2. What organization oversees most college sports in the U.S.? 3. In what city and country were the 2014 Winter Olympics held? 4. Janet Yellen was confirmed as the first woman to chair what U.S. government body? 5. What building, at a height of 1,776 feet, is now the tallest in the U.S.? 6. What is the nickname for the Affordable Care Act, an extensively debated U.S. health care law? 7. What country saw clashes between pro-Russian and pro-European groups in its capital, Kiev? 8. What war-torn country's largest city is Aleppo? 9. With what world leader did President Obama meet in Vatican City? 10. What is the name of the deadly hemorrhagic fever that broke out in the West African nation of Guinea? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards, national standards in different subject areas, and state standards when producing the show. ROLL CALL . For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News, comment on the bottom of this page with your school name, mascot, city and state. We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show. You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call! Thank you for using CNN Student News!
highlights: This page includes the show Transcript . Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary . The Daily Curriculum's Newsquiz tests students' knowledge of events in the news . At the bottom of the page, comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News .
id: 274061fd328a31ce94e63a224f15001f214966d3
chatgpt: Is your child struggling with reading comprehension and vocabulary? Do they need a fun way to stay informed about current events? Look no further than CNNS Student News Daily Curriculum. With a variety of engaging resources, this program is sure to make learning exciting for students of all ages. One of the most valuable features of the Daily Curriculum is the show transcript. Available for each episode, this resource allows students to read along with the broadcast and identify key words and concepts. By incorporating the transcript into lesson plans, teachers can help students gain a deeper understanding of news stories and develop critical thinking skills. In addition to the transcript, the Daily Curriculum also includes a Newsquiz. This daily quiz is a fun way for students to test their knowledge of events in the news. From politics to entertainment, the questions cover a wide range of topics and are designed to keep students engaged and informed. Of course, no curriculum would be complete without opportunities for student feedback. That's why the Daily Curriculum invites comments from viewers. Students can share their thoughts on the news stories featured in each episode, ask questions, and even offer suggestions for future broadcasts. And as an added bonus, some comments may be featured on CNN Student News for all to see! But the benefits of the Daily Curriculum don't stop there. By keeping students informed about current events, teachers can help them develop a sense of civic responsibility and appreciation for the role of journalism in society. In today's fast-paced world, it's more important than ever for young people to stay informed and engaged with the world around them. The Daily Curriculum provides the necessary tools to make that happen. So what are you waiting for? Sign up for the CNN Student News Daily Curriculum today and give your students the gift of knowledge. With engaging resources like the show transcript, Newsquiz, and comment section, learning has never been so fun!