article: The White House published its annual list of 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue staff their salaries today. This year's list reveals that 456 aides serve at the pleasure of the president and make anywhere from $42,000 a year to $172,200 a year. Among the highest paid White House staffers are: National Security Adviser Susan Rice, Senior Adviser to the president Valerie Jarrett, White House Chief of Staff Denis McDonough, White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest and Counselor to the president John Podesta. Scroll down for video . John Podesta, founder of the Center for American Progress, serves as Counselor to President Obama. For that he is paid $172,200 a year . Valerie Jarrett earns $172,200 a year as Senior Adviser and Assistant to the President for Intergovernmental Affairs and Public Engagement . Former U.S. Ambassador to the U.N. Susan Rice makes $172,200 in her current role as Assistant to the President and National Security Adviser . White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest, left, and White House Chief of Staff Denis McDonough, right, also make $172,200 a year . The White House has been required by law to disclose the names, titles and salaries of every one of its employees to Congress since 1995. 'Consistent with President Obama's commitment to transparency,' Obama's administration has also opted to make the data available to the public each year in an easily searchable chart. Because of a pay freeze instituted by the president, senior-level White House staffers have continued to earn same exact amount as they did when the president took office. However, entry and mid level staffers have seen their stock go up in the Obama presidency from a base pay of $36,000 in 2009 to $42,000 this year. Furthermore, the White House lifted its pay freeze on employees making less than $100,000, a White House official told ABC News, allowing dozens of lowly White House employees, including press assistants, analysts and staff assistants, to take advantage of a one percent increase in pay for federal workers signed into law by the president last December. White House Senior Adviser Dan Pfeiffer, pictured here on Meet the Press in March, also makes $172,200 . Other notable White House officials bringing home the big bucks are: Dan Pfieffer, senior adviser to the president, Tony Blinken, a deputy national security adviser, and Ben Rhodes, another deputy national security adviser. White House Communications Director Jennifer Palmieri, Director of the National Economic Council Jeffrey Zients, and the first lady's Chief of Staff Tina Tchen all make $172,200 a year as well. Powered by Socrata .
highlights: The White House is required provide Congress with an annual list of every one of its employees . It's 2014 list, published today, shows that the president has 456 aides . The lowest paid White House staffers make $42,000 a year, while the president's senior staff members make nearly four times that at $172,200 .
id: 2ec760540be47c7f799a6ef14353bdb8f42c5241
chatgpt: The White House has just released its annual list of employees, as required by law, and it shows that the President has a total of 456 aides. The publication of the list is part of an effort to promote government transparency, and to give the American public insight into the workings of the White House. The 2014 list, which was published today, has revealed some interesting details about the salaries of White House staffers. The lowest paid employees at the White House make $42,000 a year, while senior staff members earn nearly four times that amount, at $172,200. The list shows that the President's senior staff members include some of the most highly paid employees at the White House. This includes the Chief of Staff, who makes $172,200 a year, and the Senior Advisor to the President, who also earns the same amount. While the salaries of some of the White House's top staff members may seem high, they are in line with those of other senior government officials. This includes members of the Cabinet, who also earn salaries of around $172,000 per year. The release of the list has been praised by government watchdogs and transparency advocates, who say that it is important for the public to have access to this information. The list provides transparency about the size and makeup of the White House workforce, and helps to ensure that the government is accountable to the American people. The release of this information comes at a time when there is growing concern about government transparency and accountability. Many Americans are calling for more transparency from their government, and for better access to information about how their tax dollars are being spent. The White House has said that it is committed to promoting transparency and accountability, and that it will continue to provide the public with access to information about how the government is functioning. The release of the annual employee list is just one example of this commitment. Overall, the publication of the White House employee list provides valuable insight into the workings of the government, and helps to ensure that the government is accountable to the people it serves. It will be interesting to see what future employee lists reveal about the makeup of the White House workforce, and about the salaries of its top employees.