article: By . Laura Williamson . Follow @@laura_mail . Former world 100 metres champion Tyson Gay makes his return from a one-year drugs ban in Lausanne on Thursday night against two US relay team-mates who could yet lose their Olympic medal as a result of his cheating. The men’s 4x100m relay team, including Ryan Bailey and Justin Gatlin, have not been told if they will be stripped of silver from London 2012 after Gay handed back his medal following three positive tests for a banned anabolic steroid last year. Gay admitting to doping from July 2012 but had the standard two-year ban cut to a year after ‘truthfully co-operating’ with authorities. Return: Tyson Gay will make his comeback on Thursday following a drugs ban . Athletics’ world governing body, the IAAF, stipulates the whole team should be disqualified if any athlete fails a drugs test. But the decision lies with the International Olympic Committee, who have yet to decide whether to upgrade Trinidad and Tobago to silver behind champions Jamaica. Gay races Bailey and Gatlin over 100m in Thursday night’s Diamond League meeting, with both men unsure whether they will lose their medals. Bailey, 25, said: ‘Personally I haven’t been told anything so until then it’s my medal and you can’t take it from me.’ In the dark: Ryan Bailey (left) is unsure whether he will be stripped of his medal because Gray cheated . Gatlin, the 2004 100m Olympic champion, served a four-year ban himself after failing his second drugs test in 2006, but dismissed suggestions the race was tarnished by the presence of two former drugs cheats. The 32-year-old said: ‘If we are saying this race should not be happening because of my past discretions then I should not have been at the World Championships or the Olympics. 'And I have no power to say what races Tyson can run in. If he’s here and I line up against him I can’t complain. I’ve just got to go out there and do my job.’ Gatlin said Gay was still a ‘worthy opponent’ at 31 but was vague when asked whether the one-year ban seemed unfairly lenient. He did, however, admit Gay would be feeling the pressure in Lausanne. Speaking from experience: Justin Gatlin was banned for four years for using performance-enhancing drugs . ‘I wish Tyson luck because it can be a stressful time, not only on the track but in how people think  about you and how they look at you,’ said Gatlin. ‘It’s probably going to  be with him for the rest  of his career.’ Gatlin is targeting Yohan Blake’s 2012 meeting record of 9.69sec —  a time which doubles as Gay’s USA record — while Great Britain’s James Dasaolu will only have eyes on the clock when he opens his season in the B race. His needs to run 10.20sec, the qualifying time to make the British team for the European Championships in Zurich next month.
highlights: Former world 100 metres champion to make comeback in Lausanne . Gay returns to action after serving one-year drugs ban . Bailey and Gatlin unsure whether they will be stripped of relay medals .
id: c76c4fb15f56f9ba09ac60ada5dde40928be45bf
chatgpt: The former world 100 metres champion, Tyson Gay, is set to make a dramatic comeback this week at the IAAF Diamond League event in Lausanne, Switzerland. The American sprinter has been away from the sport for a year after serving a suspension for using performance-enhancing drugs. Gay, who won the 100 metres world title in 2007, tested positive for an anabolic steroid in 2013, which resulted in a one-year ban. He had confessed to using the substance and cooperated with US Anti-Doping Agency investigators and forfeited his silver medal from the 2012 London Olympics. However, Gay is now eligible to compete again, and his return to the track has generated much excitement among fans and fellow competitors. The 38-year-old runner remains one of the fastest men in history, with a personal best of 9.69 seconds in the 100 metres. Gay’s comeback is not without controversy, however. He will have to prove to the athletics world that he can still perform at the highest level without using banned substances. His competitors, including former world champion Donovan Bailey and Olympic gold medalist Justin Gatlin, have also been in the news recently following reports that they may be stripped of their relay medals. Bailey and Gatlin were part of the United States 4x100m relay team that won gold at the 2000 Sydney Olympics. However, reports have emerged that Jerome Young, who was part of the team, had a positive drugs test in 1999 and was later banned for life from the sport. Young’s inclusion in the team could mean that the entire relay team is stripped of its medals. Bailey, who won the individual 100 metres gold medal at the 1996 Atlanta Olympics, has expressed his frustration at the situation. He believes that if the entire relay team is punished, it would be unfair to the other athletes who did not cheat. Gatlin, who has also served a drugs ban in the past, shares Bailey’s concerns. He has insisted that he never cheated and was not aware of Young’s positive test at the time. Gatlin was part of the 4x100m relay team that won bronze at the 2012 London Olympics. The International Olympic Committee (IOC) has said it will investigate the reports of Young’s participation in the Sydney Olympics relay team. If the reports are confirmed, the IOC may decide to strip the team of its medals. The controversy surrounding Bailey and Gatlin’s relay medals has added another layer of intrigue to the Lausanne event. The two champions may have to face the embarrassment of losing their hard-won medals, even as Gay attempts to make a comeback from his own drugs ban. Regardless of the outcome, the Lausanne event promises to be one of the most exciting in recent history. Fans will be watching to see if Gay can still perform at the highest level, and if Bailey and Gatlin will be able to hold on to their relay medals. The IAAF Diamond League continues to be a showcase for the world’s top athletes, and this week’s event will be no exception.