article: By . Tania Steere . Savers locked into rip-off pensions and investments could be moved to better deals or allowed a free-exit, the City watchdog is due to say next week. An inquiry will be launched this summer into 30 million policies sold by insurance companies between the 70s and the Millennium. The review, by the Financial Conduct Authority, will include pensions, endowments, investment bonds and life insurance sold by doorstep salesmen. An inquiry is to be launched this summer by the Financial Conduct Authority following concerns insurers are ¿exploiting¿ loyal policyholders who are ¿not given the same priority as new customers¿ . The regulator is concerned that insurers are ‘exploiting’ loyal policyholders who are ‘not given the same priority as new customers’. Clive Adamson, the director of supervision at the FCA, told The Daily Telegraph: ‘We want to find out how closed-book products are being serviced by insurance companies, as we are concerned insurers are allocating an unfair amount of overheads to historic funds. ‘As firms cut prices and create new products, there is a danger that customers with older contracts are forgotten. We want to ensure they get a fair deal. As part of the review we will collect information to establish whether we need to intervene on exit charges.’ Savers locked into rip-off pensions and investments could be moved to better deals or allowed a free-exit (file picture) Many customers signed up to financial products at the prompting of doorstep salesman working on commission only to face steep exit penalties - sometimes more than 50 per cent of the total pension pot - if they later want to leave or switch to a better deal. The regulator is considering whether these obstructive ‘lock-in’ fees on policies – which can last until the customer reaches the policy’s retirement age - should be banned. The inquiry will be revealed in the annual FCA business plan for the next financial year, which will be published on Monday. Banning unfair exit fees on old pension policies would be one the strongest actions the FCA could take, Mr Adamson said. Alternatives include asking firms to move customers to a better product, providing clearer information, investing more in the management of old funds, offering a greater variety of investment options within the policy or cutting fees. The FCA estimates that the policies under review are worth £150 billion. Many of the companies behind the products have since been subsumed into rival organisations through takeovers. Mr Adamson added: ‘Consolidation and outsourcing within the insurance industry means that policies taken out 10, 15 or 20 years ago are unlikely to be managed by the same brand, and by people in the same building as they were at their outset. ‘We want to make sure that customers who have been ‘sold on’ are treated fairly. Some terms and conditions that were common 20 years ago are not what we would want to see now.’
highlights: Savers locked into rip-off pensions could be moved to better deals or leave . Financial Conduct Authority to launch inquiry this summer into policies . The regulator is concerned insurers are 'exploiting' loyal policyholders .
id: 6680a60df9074da4c3498d05c5dc542d81889cc7
chatgpt: The Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) is set to launch an inquiry into the pensions industry this summer, following growing concerns that loyal policyholders are being exploited by insurers. According to recent reports, savers who are locked into rip-off pensions could be moved to better deals or allowed to leave, under new proposals being considered by the regulator. Speaking to the press, an FCA spokesperson said that the inquiry will look at the practices of the pensions industry, with a focus on how policyholders are being treated. “We are concerned that some insurance companies are exploiting the loyalty of their customers, and we believe that it is important to investigate these practices and take action where necessary,” the spokesperson said. The FCA's inquiry will examine a number of areas, including whether savers are being put into the most appropriate plans for them, whether they have access to the best deals and whether they are equipped with the information they need to make informed decisions about their pensions. The regulator will also look at the level of fees and charges that savers are being hit with, and whether policyholders are being given the opportunity to switch to better deals. The FCA has previously voiced concerns that the pensions industry is failing to provide customers with the best value for their money, and that some insurers have been dragging their feet when it comes to reforming their practices. The new inquiry is part of a wider effort by the regulator to shake up the pension industry and force companies to be more transparent and accountable. According to industry experts, the new proposals are likely to be met with mixed reactions, with some insurers likely to resist the changes. “Insurers have been relying on the loyalty of their customers for years, and it’s likely that they will fight tooth and nail to keep it that way,” one expert said. “However, the FCA is clearly determined to shake up the pensions industry, and we can expect to see some significant changes over the coming months.” The news has been welcomed by consumer groups, who argue that savers have been getting a raw deal for too long. “We’re pleased to see the FCA taking action to tackle the issue of rip-off pensions,” a spokesperson for Which? said. “It’s time for the pensions industry to put the interests of their customers first, and we hope that this inquiry will lead to real change in the industry.” The FCA is set to publish its findings later this year, with a final report due in 2021.