article: By . Kieran Corcoran . PUBLISHED: . 12:06 EST, 28 February 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 14:14 EST, 28 February 2014 . A 31-year-old man appeared in court charged with the murder of his own twin brother on New Year's Eve. Robert Cerqua, a plasterer, is accused of stabbing Chris Cerqua after an argument at the family home in Hythe, Hampshire, at the end of 2013. He spoke only to deny the charges in the hearing today at Winchester Crown Court. 'Murder': Robert Cerqua, left, is accused of stabbing his brother Chris, right, to death on December 31 . Police rushed to the terraced home where Chris live with the brothers' parents, and found the wounded man severely injured. He was taken to hospital but died an hour later. Denis Cerqua, 49, and her husband Peter, 59, were in court to see one son deny killing the other. In the brief hearing, prosecutor Nicholas Haggan QC told Winchester Crown Court no more details of the case would be revealed at this stage. The fatal stabbing allegedly occurred at around 9pm on December 31 last year ,when the brothers got into an argument. Paramedics took Mr Cerqua to Southampton General Hospital in a desperate, and unsuccessful, bid to save his life. Harrowing: Peter and Denis Cerqua attended to court to see one son charged with killing the other . 'Argument': The killing allegedly took place at the brothers' family home in Hythe, Hampshire . Officers from Hampshire Police arrested Cerqua five miles away at 2.25am in the town of Totton, near Southampton, on suspicion of murdering his sibling. Chris, described as 'thoughtful and caring' by loved ones, had recently got back together with girlfriend Lisa Harfield, 40. Miss Harfield, a receptionist, and Mr Cerqua split in October, but reunited and planned to view a new flat on New Year’s Day. Speaking at the time, Brenda Smith, chairman of Hythe and Dibden Parish Council, said the death was ‘tragic’ and ‘deeply regrettable’. Cerqua, from Hythe, Hants, has short shaven hair, is of slim build and has a tattoo on his neck. Judge Keith Cutler adjourned the case for trial at Winchester on October 6. Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
highlights: Robert Cerqua appeared in court accused of murdering his brother Chris . Fatal stabbing 'took place at 9pm on December 31 at their parents' home' In the Winchester Crown Court hearing he spoke only to deny charges . Mother Denise Cerqua and Peter Cerqua attended the hearing .
id: 908211b5082046d1cbbb517a50a6c2dbafe6f647
chatgpt: A man has appeared in court accused of murdering his brother on New Year's Eve. Robert Cerqua spoke only to deny the charges against him at Winchester Crown Court. The fatal stabbing is alleged to have taken place at 9pm on December 31 at the family home, where both Robert and his brother Chris had been present.  The court heard that the mother of the two brothers, Denise Cerqua, and their father, Peter Cerqua, were also present at the home at the time of the attack. It is reported that the stabbing was a result of a family dispute. Robert Cerqua was remanded in custody until his next court appearance, which is scheduled for next month. The hearing was attended by members of the Cerqua family, who were visibly upset. The mother, Denise Cerqua, was seen crying as she left the court. Speaking after the hearing, a spokesperson for the family said: "This is a tragic event and our thoughts at this time are with all those who have been affected by it. We are cooperating fully with the police investigation and will continue to do so." The police have appealed for anyone with information about the incident to come forward. Detective Chief Inspector Mark Miller said: "We are appealing to anyone who may have seen or heard anything suspicious at the time of the incident to come forward. We would also like to speak to anyone who may have spoken to Robert or Chris Cerqua in the hours leading up to the attack." The incident has shocked the community and raised questions about the safety of families during the holidays. The police have urged people to seek help if they feel threatened or unsafe in their own homes. The tragic events of New Year's Eve have left a family in mourning and the community in shock. As the investigation continues, the focus will be on finding answers to the questions that led to this terrible incident.