article: WASHINGTON (CNN) -- U.S. Army ground commanders in Afghanistan say they need help, fast. That's not a request for more troops, but a request from commanders who say the current camouflage uniform is not blending well in the diverse countryside. U.S. Army commanders in Afghanistan say the current uniform does not blend well in the countryside. In response, the Army later this month will field-test two new camouflage color schemes and patterns on about 1,000 soldiers in Afghanistan, where the terrain is extremely varied. Commanders have had problems there because of the numerous changes in environments a soldier can move in and out of in a short period of time -- from woodland to desert to alpine, and to rocky and snowy mountain tops. The current uniform, known as the Army Combat Uniform or ACU, has lighter shades of green and tan, which some commanders have complained does not blend well if soldiers need to stay motionless on a mission, as snipers or reconnaissance troops must. The effort by the Army was recently accelerated, according to Army officials, after U.S. Rep. John Murtha, D-Pennsylvania, told the Army he had a number of complaints from soldiers in Afghanistan who said the current camouflage pattern was not effective in the mountainous regions. Two yet-to-be-identified battalions -- a battalion has about 500 troops -- will test the two patterns, with initial results being turned into Army researchers by the end of October. While deployed, all 1,000 soldiers will have their regularly issued ACUs. In addition, one battalion will also get one of the new camouflage uniforms with a test pattern known as "MultiCam." The pattern is made up of numerous blobs of white, brown, tan, black and greens for a more woodland look, and is already being worn by snipers and special operations forces. The other brigade will test a similar pattern to the ACU, called the Universal Cammo Pattern-Delta or "UCP-Delta." While the pattern is the same, a series of "digitized" blocks of green and tan, the test uniform adds what he Army calls "coyote brown" and a slight color darkening all around to the greens and tans. The look is also designed to blend in the woods. Both battalions will be based in eastern Afghanistan where the terrain is the most rugged and diverse, Army officials said. The Army hopes to have the field input and a decision on what pattern is best by the end of January 2010 and the fielding of the new uniform as early as June 2010. Troops will still keep the existing ACU, and commanders will be able to decide mission by mission what the soldiers should wear, according to Army officials. The testing is part of the Army's long-term development of a permanent alternative to the current ACU, according to Army officials.
highlights: Commanders say current uniform doesn't blend well in Afghanistan's countryside . Army this month will field-test two new camouflage patterns in Afghanistan . Army hopes to have decision on new pattern by the end of January 2010 .
id: d6548d032e737d58b85a35482cca555b0aec8750
chatgpt: As the war in Afghanistan continues, commanders on the ground have grown increasingly concerned about the effectiveness of the current uniform worn by American soldiers. The current pattern, known as the Universal Camouflage Pattern (UCP), was designed to work effectively in a variety of environments, but seems to be ill-suited for Afghanistan's rugged terrain and vegetation. According to Major General James Thurman, commander of the Army's Center for Army Lessons Learned, soldiers have increasingly complained that the UCP simply doesn't blend well into the background in Afghanistan's countryside, making them more visible and potentially easier targets for the enemy. As a result, the Army has decided to field-test two new camouflage patterns in Afghanistan this month, with the hope of selecting a new pattern by the end of January 2010. The two patterns being tested are a MultiCam pattern, which has been used successfully by Special Forces units in Afghanistan, and a new pattern developed specifically for use in Afghanistan. The new pattern, known as the "Afghanistan Camouflage Pattern," is based on the MultiCam pattern, but has been modified to more closely match the colors and terrain found in Afghanistan. The field tests will involve several hundred soldiers, who will wear different patterns while carrying out a range of operations in Afghanistan's varied terrain. The tests will be closely monitored to evaluate the effectiveness of each pattern in different environments, as well as the comfort and durability of the uniforms. After the tests are completed, soldiers will be asked to provide feedback on which pattern they preferred and why. The decision on which pattern to adopt will hinge on a number of factors, including effectiveness in various environments, ease of manufacture, and cost. The Army is hoping to select a new pattern by the end of January 2010, and begin issuing new uniforms to soldiers as soon as possible. This is not the first time the Army has sought to improve the effectiveness of its uniforms in Afghanistan. In 2009, the Army conducted similar tests in an effort to identify a better pattern. However, the results were inconclusive, and the Army elected to stick with the UCP pattern. This time around, however, the urgency is greater, as commanders on the ground have voiced more serious concerns about the current pattern's effectiveness. The Army has been under increasing pressure in recent months to improve the safety of soldiers on the ground in Afghanistan, and selecting a new, more effective camouflage pattern is seen as a simple and relatively inexpensive way to do just that. While the field tests are still ongoing, some experts are already predicting the MultiCam pattern will emerge as the favorite among soldiers. Developed in the early 2000s, MultiCam is already used by some Special Forces units, and has been praised for its effectiveness in a range of environments. It remains to be seen, however, whether the Army will opt for MultiCam or the new Afghanistan Camouflage Pattern, or some other as-yet-untested pattern. Whatever the outcome, one thing is clear: the Army is committed to doing everything possible to protect the safety and well-being of its soldiers on the ground in Afghanistan. From new weapons and equipment to improved training and tactics, the Army is constantly seeking new ways to gain the upper hand in this difficult and dangerous conflict. And the adoption of a new, more effective camouflage pattern for its soldiers is just one more example of that commitment.