article: (CNN) -- Two months after a controversial facial recognition technology program was launched in Ohio without public notice, state Attorney General Mike DeWine conceded Monday he should have let Ohioans know that their images from driver's licenses were being used by law enforcement in criminal investigations. "If I had to do it over again, would we have announced it when we did it? Yeah, we would have. And I'll take responsibility for that," DeWine said at a news conference. Although DeWine said he should have gone public with the program sooner, he gave no indication that the state would change or stop using the program. He did announce that an advisory board will be created to review the system's usage and to suggest policy changes to avoid misuse of the program. The program allows police to quickly compare a photograph of a suspect or crime victim to an electronic pool of mug shots and driver's license photos in the Ohio database. Comparisons are made of facial measurements from one image to the next in search of a match. Similar programs are already being used in dozens of other states, according to a statement from DeWine. Ohio law enforcement agencies began using the facial recognition technology in June, the attorney general's statement said. DeWine's concession that he should have let the public know about the program sooner was immediately met with criticism. "The time for press conferences and advisory boards was months ago," Gary Daniels, associate director of the ACLU of Ohio, said in a statement. "This system needs to be shut down until there are meaningful, documented rules in place to keep this information secure, protect the privacy of innocent people, and prevent government abuse of this new tool." The facial recognition technology was developed in 2010 and has been used 2,677 times by Ohio law enforcement since its unofficial release in June, according to DeWine's statement. There was no indication how many of those uses had solved cases. "When a wanted offender is identified quickly, it can prevent additional crimes and even save lives, and that is what this new technology aims to do," DeWine said. In addition to easily identifying suspects, the technology assists law enforcement officials in identifying homicide victims, missing persons who suffer from Alzheimer's, dementia or amnesia, and human trafficking victims, he added. But the ACLU's Daniels argued, "Without specific limits on what government can do with this technology, its use will inevitably and eventually spread to Ohioans who are not criminal suspects." Misuse of the facial recognition technology is a felony offense, according to the Attorney General's statement.
highlights: The program uses a database of photos from drivers' licenses and mug shots . The unannounced program has been used in Ohio 2,677 times since it began in June . Ohio's AG says he should have let people know their license photos were in the database . An ACLU official says the program should be shut down .
id: aa169f27bb8d8b6f874c7eda5fc9daad0ab342a5
chatgpt: A recently unannounced program in Ohio has sparked controversy for its use of a database consisting of photos from both drivers' licenses and mug shots. The program has been used 2,677 times since its implementation in June, while many citizens were unaware of its existence. Ohio's Attorney General, Dave Yost, has apologized for not informing residents that their license photos were being used in the database. He stated in a press conference that, "I should have let people know what was going on." Yost emphasized that the program is intended for use in criminal investigations and is not designed to target law-abiding citizens. Despite this, some citizens remain concerned about their privacy and the potential for misuse of the program. The American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) has called for the program to be shut down entirely. The use of facial recognition technology has been a topic of debate and concern in recent years, with critics arguing that it lacks accuracy and disproportionately targets people of color. The ACLU has also expressed concerns about the potential for this technology to be used to infringe upon the constitutional rights of individuals. In response to these criticisms, Ohio's Department of Public Safety has stated that the program complies with all relevant laws and regulations. The department also emphasized that the program is only used in situations where there is a reasonable suspicion of criminal activity. Despite these reassurances, civil liberties advocates remain wary of the program's potential for misuse. The ACLU has called for greater transparency and oversight to ensure that the program is not used to violate the privacy and civil rights of Ohio residents. The controversy surrounding Ohio's use of a facial recognition database is just the latest example of the challenges facing law enforcement agencies in balancing the need for public safety with the need to protect the rights of citizens. As facial recognition technology continues to advance, it will be increasingly important for policymakers to strike a balance between these competing values.