article: More than a decade since their last tour, Culture Club’s reunion shows have been awaited with great anticipation. But fans will have to wait a little longer before seeing the band take to the stage as the concerts have been cancelled due to Boy George’s health. The singer, whose real name is George O’Dowd, 53, has said he is ‘devastated’ to call off the tour but has been forced to due to a serious throat infection. Scroll down for video . Culture Club, pictured, Mikey Craig, left, Roy Hay, centre, and Boy George, right, were planning a reunion tour but were forced to cancel after the lead singer, real name George O'Dowd, developed a throat complaint . It is believed he could be suffering from vocal polyps that require surgery, the same condition that has previously forced Adele to cancel shows. The band – which had 12 top 40 hits in the 1980s and 90s – were due to perform in front of a sold out crowd at the Agua Caliente Casino in Rancho Mirage, California tomorrow. However, some tickets holders received an automated call this informing them the show had been cancelled, which has since been confirmed by the band. A spokesman for the group said: ‘It is with great sadness that iconic band Culture Club have had to cancel their December UK tour. ‘The tough decision has been made due to lead singer Boy George suffering from a serious throat condition, for which medical treatment is currently underway.’ And the singer himself added: ‘I’m devastated but I want to be able to perform to the best of my ability and the specialist has told me that right now that will be impossible. I will focus on getting better and see all my fans soon’. Boy George is believed to have developed polyps, which forced Adele, pictured to cancel several shows . The group were due to play 10 shows across America before beginning an 11-date UK arena tour from 1 December. It was to be the first tour featuring Boy George, bassist Mikey Craig, guitarist and keyboardist Roy Hay and drummer Jon Moss since 2002. The group have already recorded a new album, Tribes, which is due to be released early next year. A polyp is a fluid-filled collection that forms when a vocal cord if they are not rested. Other singers to have suffered from them include Bjork and Keith Urban. Ticket holders can claim refunds from their point of purchase.
highlights: Culture Club had planned a tour of the US before returning to the UK . Lead singer Boy George was forced to pull out of the tour due to illness . It is understood the singer developed polyps on his vocal chords . Concert fans have been told they will receive a full refund . It was due to be the band's first major tour in more than a decade . The band has a new album which is due to be released early next year . Boy George said he is 'devastated' because he was forced to cancel .
id: 3cbfd22a55db02ec3c7d6d2da027269ce448175a
chatgpt: Culture Club's highly anticipated tour of the United States has been cancelled after the band's lead singer, Boy George, was forced to pull out due to health concerns. The singer's spokesperson announced that he developed polyps on his vocal chords and has been advised by doctors to refrain from performing until his condition improves. The cancellation of the tour has disappointed thousands of fans who were eagerly expecting to watch the band's first major tour in more than a decade. Concert-goers who had already purchased tickets have been assured that they will receive full refunds. According to the band's official website, all the concert dates have been cancelled due to Boy George's illness. Culture Club was scheduled to perform in over 15 cities across the US starting November 1st. The band was planning to treat their fans to the classic hits from their repertoire, including "Karma Chameleon," "Do You Really Want to Hurt Me," and "Time (Clock of the Heart)." The band also had plans of performing new songs from their upcoming album, which is set to release early next year. Boy George expressed his sorrow to the fans following the news. In a statement, he said, "I'm devastated that I am unable to perform on this tour. I love touring and being with the band, but I have to respect my doctors' advice." The iconic singer also assured fans that he is doing everything possible to recover fully and that he looks forward to performing for them again soon. The organizers of the tour have also issued a statement, apologizing to the fans for the inconvenience caused by the cancellation. They have promised to schedule a new tour as soon as Boy George recovers and is able to perform again. Culture Club has a huge fan following across the world, and the news of the tour's cancellation has left many disappointed. However, they understand the importance of Boy George's health and have wished him a speedy recovery. The singer also received an outpouring of support and well wishes from his fans on social media. In conclusion, the cancellation of Culture Club's tour has been a significant blow to both the band and their fans. However, the health of the lead singer must come first, and it is essential that he recovers fully before hitting the stage again. The band and their fans are eagerly looking forward to their upcoming album release and the rescheduled tour dates.