article: Brazil legend Romario has proven his prowess for scoring is not just confined to the six-yard box after netting himself a stunning beauty almost 30-years younger than him. The World Cup winner appears to have found love with 19-year-old American singer Dixie Pratt after proudly posting images of the pair all over social media as they holiday on the Caribbean island of Aruba. The 48-year-old is understood to have met his teenage girlfriend in October 2014 following the end of his marriage to Isabella Bittencourt and uploading images of their daily lives have led to Pratt gaining over 13,000 new followers on her Instagram account. VIDEO Scroll down to relive Romario's last goal for Brazil in 2005 vs Guatemala . Brazil icon Romario poses for a picture with his 19-year-old girlfriend Dixie Pratt on holiday in Aruba . An age gap of almost 30 years means that Pratt wasn't born when Romario won the World Cup in 1994 . Pratt has collected thousands of new followers on Instagram after hooking up with Romario in October . Romario posted a group selfie with Pratt on the right-hand side . Although Romario remains a legend in Brazil, the irony of the 29-year age difference in his new relationship is that his young girlfriend was not even born when the prolific striker scored five goals to win his country the 1994 World Cup. The former Barcelona star also won the FIFA World Player of the Year in the same year and continued playing into his late 40s to become the second most prolific goalscorer in football history (behind Austrian-Czech striker Josef 'Pepi' Bican) with over 1,000 strikes to his name. Romario netted over 1,000 goals and is the second most prolific striker in football history . The 48-year-old scored five goals to claim the Golden Boot as Brazil won the World Cup at USA '94 . Romario, who famously struck up a partnership with Bebeto during USA '94, scored 55 goals in 70 appearances for his country - making him the third-highest goalscorer in the Brazilian national team. After starting his career in Brazil, Romario won league titles with both PSV Eindhoven and Barcelona in Europe before spending the majority of the rest of his career in his homeland where he won the Brazilian league title with Vasco da Gama. Romario has since entered into the world of politics where he was elected to the Chamber of Deputies on the Brazilian Socialist Party and played a role in denouncing the 2014 World Cup in Brazil.
highlights: Brazil legend Romario has been dating American singer Dixie Pratt . The 19-year-old is too young to have seen the striker win the '94 World Cup . The 48-year-old former Barcelona hitman is now involved in politics .
id: 0a4bdbf0af2ecbe05c37b2a10e6c2879dd46c457
chatgpt: Former Brazil striker Romario has been making headlines again, but not for his political career. The 48-year-old, who was a key part of the team that won the 1994 World Cup, has been spotted out and about in the company of 19-year-old American singer Dixie Pratt. Pratt, who was born six years after Romario's iconic World Cup victory, has attracted attention for her relationship with the former football star. The pair have been seen together at events in Brazil, and have reportedly been dating for several months. Romario has been involved in politics since retiring from football, and is currently a senator in Brazil. He has been praised for his work in promoting social justice and tackling corruption, but some have expressed concern that his personal life could overshadow his achievements. The age difference between Romario and Pratt has attracted particular scrutiny, with some questioning the wisdom of a middle-aged man dating a teenager. However, the couple seem unconcerned by the criticism, and have been spotted enjoying each other's company on numerous occasions. Romario, who played for clubs including Barcelona, PSV Eindhoven and Flamengo during his illustrious career, has spoken about his love for Pratt in interviews. He describes her as "a very talented young woman" who he enjoys spending time with, and says that their relationship is based on mutual respect and affection. Despite the controversy surrounding their age difference, Romario and Pratt seem to be happy together. The football legend has been sharing photos of the two of them on social media, and has even dedicated a song to his new love called "Dixie's Cup". Romario has always been a controversial figure, both on and off the pitch. He was known for his skill and tenacity as a player, but also for his fiery temper and outspoken opinions. His political career has been similarly eventful, with the former striker frequently criticising other politicians and taking a strong stance on issues such as corruption and human rights. Regardless of his reputation, Romario seems to have found happiness with Pratt. The couple may face criticism and scrutiny from some quarters, but they appear to be enjoying each other's company and making the most of their time together. Only time will tell what the future holds for this unusual pairing, but for now, Romario and Dixie Pratt are making headlines for all the right reasons.