article: (CNN) -- Since its inception in 1992, the English Premier League has grown into one of football's most compelling and commercially successful domestic competitions. To celebrate two decades of top-level soccer, the finest players and managers to have graced the competition have been honored at this week's "20 Seasons Awards." The big winners were Manchester United, the team which dominated the era by collecting 12 championships. United's veteran Welsh midfielder Ryan Giggs was named top player, having featured in every Premier League season and scoring 107 goals. Did Manchester City win the league - or did United lose it? United's legendary Scottish manager Alex Ferguson was also honored, having like Giggs been part of all 12 title triumphs. "Being named as the best player in the 20 seasons of the Premier League is a tremendous honor for me," Giggs, 38, told the league's official website, "and very humbling when you consider some of the brilliant players who were nominated alongside me." There was also an award for the Old Trafford team's star striker Wayne Rooney, who received the "Goal of 20 Seasons" gong for his stunning overhead kick against archrivals Manchester City in February 2011. United's 4-3 defeat of neighbors City in September 2009, which included a winning goal from striker Michael Owen in stoppage time, was voted the finest Premier League match. But despite United's dominance, Arsenal's championship-winning side of the 2003-04 season took home the Best Team prize. Known as "The Invincibles," the London club is the only team to remain unbeaten throughout an entire Premier League campaign. The full list of award winners feature in the gallery above. Do you agree with the judges' choices? Have your say in the comments section at the bottom of this page. Player of 20 Seasons: Ryan Giggs . Manager of 20 Seasons: Alex Ferguson . Team of 20 Seasons: Arsenal 2003-04 . Goal of 20 Seasons: Wayne Rooney (Manchester United) v Manchester City, February 2011 . Match of 20 Seasons: Manchester United 4-3 Manchester City, September 2009 . Public vote Fantasy Team of 20 Seasons: Peter Schmeichel (Man Utd), Gary Neville (Man Utd), Nemanja Vidic (Man Utd), Tony Adams (Arsenal), Ashley Cole (Arsenal/Chelsea), Ryan Giggs (Man Utd), Paul Scholes (Man Utd), Steven Gerrard (Liverpool), Cristiano Ronaldo (Man Utd), Thierry Henry (Arsenal) , Alan Shearer (Newcastle).
highlights: Manchester United's Ryan Giggs is named the best player in the EPL's 20-year history . United's legendary boss Alex Ferguson receives the best manager award . Wayne Rooney's overhead kick for United against City in February 2011 is named best goal . Arsenal's "Invincibles" of the 2003-04 season named the league's best ever team .
id: 798b131da84e717ac0b66366138d24fcc8091e04
chatgpt: Manchester United's Ryan Giggs has been named as the best player in the English Premier League's 20-year history. The Welsh winger beat out stiff competition from the likes of Cristiano Ronaldo, Thierry Henry, and Alan Shearer to claim the coveted title. Giggs enjoyed a glittering career with United, winning 13 Premier League titles, four FA Cups, and two Champions League titles during his time at Old Trafford. United's legendary manager, Sir Alex Ferguson, was also recognized for his contribution to the game by being awarded the best manager award. Ferguson led United to an unprecedented period of success, winning 13 Premier League titles, five FA Cups, and two Champions League titles during his 26-year reign at the club. In addition to the individual awards, the league also recognized Manchester United's Wayne Rooney for his sensational overhead kick against arch-rivals Manchester City in February 2011. The goal, which was scored in the dying minutes of the match, helped United secure a vital three points on their way to winning the league that season. The Arsenal team of the 2003-04 season, fondly remembered as the "Invincibles," were named the league's best ever team. The Gunners went unbeaten throughout the entire 38-game season, winning 26 games and drawing 12 to claim the Premier League title in style. The awards were presented at a special ceremony attended by past and present players, managers, and officials of the English Premier League. Speaking at the event, Ryan Giggs expressed his delight at being named the best player in the league's history. "It's a huge honor to be named as the best player in the Premier League's 20-year history," said Giggs. "I'm humbled and grateful to receive this award. I would like to thank my teammates, managers, and everyone who has supported me throughout my career." Sir Alex Ferguson also spoke of his pride at being recognized as the best manager in the league's history. "It's a great honor to receive this award," said Ferguson. "I'm proud of what we achieved at Manchester United, and it's a testament to the hard work and dedication of everyone at the club." The awards ceremony served as a reminder of the rich history and tradition of the English Premier League, as well as the many great players and managers who have graced its fields over the past 20 years. Fans will no doubt be eagerly anticipating the next 20 years of top-flight football in England, with the hope that they will witness many more legends and memorable moments.