article: (CNN) -- Valentino Rossi revealed he is still fighting pain ahead of the U.S. Grand Prix, as MotoGP championship leader Jorge Lorenzo set the pace in qualifying at Laguna Seca. World champion Rossi will start on the second row of the grid on Sunday after finishing sixth fastest, in what will be just his second race back after breaking his leg in early June. Lorenzo, who has a 47-point advantage over Dani Pedrosa in the overall standings, claimed his fifth consecutive pole position -- and the 40th of his career -- as he edged out 2007 world champion Casey Stoner with his penultimate lap of one minute 20.978 seconds. The Fiat Yamaha rider was the only one to break the 1:21 mark, with Ducati's Stoner clocking 1:21.169. Andrea Dovizioso headed off Repsol Honda teammate Pedrosa to take third place, while American Ben Spies was fifth in 1:21.679. Nine-time world champion Rossi clocked 1:21.688 to edge out another U.S. rider, the 2006 overall winner Nicky Hayden. The Italian revealed that he was troubled more by his shoulder problem than his leg. "I think it's going to be very difficult tomorrow because this track is a lot harder for me than Sachsenring [in Germany], but I hope I can have a good race," he told the MotoGP website on Saturday. "There are a few corners where we know we can be a bit faster, so tomorrow morning we will try to make some small changes to the setting to allow that, then I need to get a good start. "My leg feels better than yesterday, which is good. The problem today is the shoulder because my left one isn't strong enough to compensate completely for the lack of power in my right one, and now I have some pain in both! "My hope for tomorrow is to be able to finish the race without too much pain and to do the best we can in the circumstances. We didn't go too badly today but we need to improve our setting a little bit to get closer to the leaders. "Lorenzo and Stoner are very fast but after that there are a few riders quite close together, including me, so it's not too bad." Dovizioso is third overall on 102 points, 36 behind Pedrosa, with Stoner fourth on 83 ahead of Hayden (78) and Rossi (74) with 10 races to go.
highlights: World champion Valentino Rossi qualifies sixth for Sunday's U.S. Grand Prix . Italian struggling with shoulder problem in second race back after breaking his leg . MotoGP leader Jorge Lorenzo claims fifth consecutive pole position this season . Spaniard edges out 2007 world champion Casey Stoner with fast penultimate lap .
id: 64fb659a113b6d8252a349f607cd483d571ef5d4
chatgpt: Six-time MotoGP champion Valentino Rossi qualified in sixth place for Sunday's U.S. Grand Prix in Austin, Texas, despite struggling with a sore shoulder during the race. The Italian had broken his leg in a training incident prior to the season and it has been only his second race back since returning from his injury. The Yamaha rider's performance was overshadowed by his teammate, Jorge Lorenzo, who claimed his fifth consecutive pole position this season. The Spanish rider edged out 2007 world champion Casey Stoner on the penultimate lap to secure his spot at the front of the grid. Lorenzo is currently leading the championship standings and has been in impressive form this season, winning two of the three races held so far. The 30-year-old has also taken pole position at each of those races, demonstrating his dominance in the field. Meanwhile, Rossi is struggling to keep up with the rest of the pack due to his injury. The 38-year-old managed to secure a respectable qualifying position despite being in considerable pain throughout the session. The Italian is known for his resilience and determination, having won multiple championships throughout his career. However, it remains to be seen whether he will be able to challenge Lorenzo for the title this season. Other notable performances during qualifying included Marc Marquez, who will start in third place, and Andrea Dovizioso, who qualified in fourth. However, all eyes will be on Lorenzo as he tries to maintain his winning streak throughout the season. The U.S. Grand Prix is one of the most hotly anticipated events in the MotoGP calendar, with fans from around the world descending on Austin to witness the action. The circuit has a unique layout that challenges the riders with its elevation changes and tight corners. Sunday's race promises to be as thrilling as ever, with Lorenzo and Rossi vying for the top spot on the podium. However, with several other talented riders in the field, anything could happen once the lights go out.