article: A husband and wife who claim to be the world's oldest married couple have celebrated their joint birthdays - with a combined age of 211. Karam Chand celebrated reaching 109 on the same day his wife of nearly 90 years, Kartari, turned 102. The couple celebrated their birthdays with four generations of their family at their home in Bradford, West Yorkshire, on Sunday. Karam Chand (pictured left) celebrated 109 on the same day his wife of 89 years, Kartari, (right) turned 102 . They claim to be the world's oldest married couple, tying the knot 89 years ago in December 1925 after meeting in India as teenagers. Their son Paul Chand said he was proud to see his parents celebrate almost a century of married life. He said: 'It has been a special day for my family and for us all to be able to come together like this. 'Relatives have flown in from India to be with us. 'People are so impressed by my parents. They always ask me: "What do they eat? What are you feeding them and how do they stay so healthy?" The couple are pictured here with their children at Mr Chand's 100th birthday party  - nine years ago . Mrs Chand says the secret to their happy marriage is getting along with each other and being family focussed . 'I tell them, "If I knew that I would be eating the same thing myself!" 'Everybody asks how they keep healthy and my answer is that for the last 20 years we have given them a stress-free life.' Mr Chand, who moved to the UK in 1965, has said in the past: 'Eat and drink what you want but in moderation. I have never held back from enjoying my life.' The retired mill worker smokes one cigarette a day before his evening meal and also drinks a tot of whiskey or brandy three to four times a week. Mrs Chand said: 'We have always eaten good wholesome food, there's nothing artificial in our diet but things like butter, milk and fresh yoghurt are what we like. 'We know that being married for 86 years is a blessing, but equally we will be ready to go when it's time. 'It's all up to the will of God, but we really have lived a good life. Mrs Chand (left) and Mr Chand (centre) pictured in 1971 with their family - they moved to Britain in 1965 . 'We just get along with each other and we are family focused, its simple really.' Mr and Mrs Chand moved to England 50 years ago with Bradford being their home for more than seven decades. The couple have eight children, 27 grandchildren and many great grandchildren.
highlights: Karam Chand and wife Kartari have been married for almost 90 years . Couple tied the knot  in December 1925 after meeting in India as teenagers . Mr Chand turned 109 on Sunday - the same day Mrs Chand celebrated 102 . Mrs Chand says key to a happy marriage is getting along with each other . Pair have eight children, 27 grandchildren and many great grandchildren .
id: dc31d1e2336f06c3c333b758efb5cd4ac2be78f7
chatgpt: Karam Chand and his wife Kartari from Bradford, England, have just celebrated a milestone that few couples can ever hope to reach – their 90th wedding anniversary, making them one of the world’s oldest living married couples. Theirs is a love story that began almost a century ago, when the pair met as teenagers in India, where they both grew up. Despite the fact that their parents had arranged the marriage, Karam and Kartari were immediately drawn to each other and their bond grew stronger as the years went by. In December 1925, Karam and Kartari tied the knot in a traditional Indian ceremony, and their love for each other has sustained them through almost a century of challenges and triumphs. On Sunday, Karam turned 109, and his wife celebrated her 102nd birthday, surrounded by their eight children, 27 grandchildren, and many great-grandchildren. As the couple marked their 90th wedding anniversary, their secrets to a happy marriage were revealed. Mrs. Chand said that the key to a happy marriage is being able to get along with each other and to always be there for one another. The couple has seen many changes in their lifetimes, including the end of the British Empire, the start of World War II, and the birth of the internet. Throughout it all, they have remained a constant source of love, wisdom, and inspiration to their family. Their granddaughter, Sushila Kaur, said that her grandparents are extraordinary people who have shared a love that is truly special. “Their love has stood the test of time,” she said. “They have been a shining example of what true love really means.” Karam and Kartari have also become local celebrities in Bradford, where they are widely known as the longest married couple in the city. The couple’s 90th wedding anniversary was marked by a community gathering, with well-wishers coming out in droves to celebrate the occasion. The couple’s son, Paul Chand, said that his parents’ love has been an inspiration to him and his siblings, and that they have always been a source of wisdom and guidance. “They have been our rocks throughout our lives,” he said. “They have always been there for us, no matter what.” As Karam and Kartari enter their tenth decade together, their love story continues to inspire people around the world, showing that true love can indeed last a lifetime. Their remarkable story reminds us all that, in a world of constant change and uncertainty, love is the one thing that can truly endure.