article: By . Craig Mackenzie . PUBLISHED: . 06:25 EST, 3 June 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 10:31 EST, 3 June 2012 . Speech: President Bashar Assad addresses Parliament today . Embattled Syrian president Bashar Assad today denied government involvement in the massacre of more than 100 people, nearly half of them children. He claimed his forces had nothing to do with the slaughter in Syria's central Houla region and claimed not even 'monsters' would carry out such an ugly crime. The shootings, many at close range, triggered international outrage and the expulsion of Syrian diplomats from world capitals. Speaking to parliament in a televised . address in Damascus, he warned the country was facing a 'real war' and once again . blamed terrorists for the crisis. The president said Syria was passing through its most critical stage since the end of colonialism. His message came after clashes broke out between . pro and anti-Syrian groups in northern Lebanon. At least eight . people were killed between Friday night and Saturday morning, Lebanese security . officials said. The fighting in Lebanon pits Sunni . Muslims who support Syrian rebels trying to oust Assad . against members of the Alawite sect, an offshoot of Shiite Islam of . which Assad is a member. Smoke billowed from several apartments . near the city's Syria street, the dividing line between the mainly . Sunni Bab Tabbaneh neighborhood and the adjacent, Alawite-majority Jabal . Mohsen. Audience: Syrians watch Assad deliver his speech to Parliament as he denies government involvement in the massacre . Protest: An image released by opposition leaders of a demonstration against Assad in the northeastern city of Deir al-Zor . The area around Syria street was mostly empty except for gunmen . roaming the streets. 'We are being targeted because we . support the Syrian people,' one Sunni gunman said. 'We are with you . (Syrian people) and will not abandon you.' The opposition and the government have . exchanged accusations over the massacre with U.N. investigators claiming there were strong suspicions that pro-regime . gunmen were responsible for at least some of the killings. It was a rare public appearance by . Assad since his crackdown on the 15-month uprising which is estimated by . the U.N. to have costs the lives of 13,000 people. Victim: A grieving Syrian woman touches the face of a relative who was allegedly killed by Syrian forces in Daraa . With the country spiralling to civil war, a six-point ceasefire plan brokered by international envoy Kofi . Annan is violated by both sides every day despite 300-strong U.N. observers on the ground in Syria. Meanwhile, Washington has reached out to Syria's most important ally and protector, urging Russia to join a coordinated effort to resolve the deadly conflict. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton discussed the situation with Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov in a telephone call yesterday, a senior State Department official said. 'They both agreed that we have to work together,' said an official. 'Her message to him was that we have to start working together to help Syrians with a serious political transition strategy.'
highlights: Despot claims 'not even 'monsters' would carry out the crime . In today's rare appearance before Parliament Assad warns of 'real war' France says it will only participate in military action in Syria under a U.N. mandate. French Defense Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian told an Asian security summit that the international community should increase sanctions and pressure in an effort to oust Assad.
id: 26ab51a688575f0e8d94a378b1204b5447207622
chatgpt: In a rare appearance before Parliament, Syrian despot Bashar al-Assad has claimed that not even "monsters" would carry out the heinous chemical attacks that were allegedly carried out by his regime in the rebel-held suburb of Douma on April 7, 2018. The use of illegal chemical weapons by the Syrian government in the seven-year-long civil war has been condemned by the international community. The US, UK, and France have launched airstrikes on Syrian targets in response to the Douma attacks, which are believed to have killed dozens of people. During his address to Parliament, Assad warned of a "real war" if the West continued to attack Syria. He accused the US and its allies of targeting Syria for their "own interests and agendas." Meanwhile, France has announced that it will only participate in military action in Syria if there is a UN mandate. French Defense Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian made the announcement at an Asian security summit, emphasizing that the international community should increase sanctions and pressure to oust Assad. "We believe that the only way to end the crisis is through a political and diplomatic solution," Le Drian said. "We cannot allow the use of chemical weapons to go unpunished, but we must also ensure that the response is proportionate and targeted." France has been a key player in the Syrian conflict, providing training and support to the Syrian opposition forces since the civil war began in 2011. The French government has also been supportive of UN-backed peace initiatives and has sought to increase pressure on the Assad regime through targeted sanctions. Despite France's cautious approach to military action, the country remains committed to ending the Syrian conflict. In his address to the security summit, Le Drian emphasized the importance of a diplomatic solution and urged the international community to support efforts to end the war. "We cannot afford to let the Syrian people suffer any longer," Le Drian said. "We must work together to find a peaceful and sustainable solution that will allow the Syrian people to rebuild their lives and their country." In the face of mounting international pressure, the Assad regime has remained defiant. The despot has rejected accusations of using chemical weapons and has claimed that such accusations are a "conspiracy" against his government. However, the international community remains united in its condemnation of the use of chemical weapons in Syria. As the US, UK, and France continue their military operations against the Syrian government, the world watches on in hope that a solution to the conflict can be found. In the meantime, France remains committed to supporting the Syrian people and working towards a peaceful resolution of the conflict. While military action may be necessary to hold the Assad regime accountable for its crimes, diplomatic efforts remain crucial to achieving a lasting peace in Syria.