article: A mommy blogger who has been charged with murdering her son appeared in a New York court on Thursday. Lacey Spears of Chestnut Ridge, New York was in a courtroom almost a year after her son Garnett died from acute sodium poisoning. Lacey has been accused of poisoning her son with salt, administering the fatal dose as the 5-year-old was receiving treatment in the hospital for hypernatremia - a condition that sees elevated salt levels in the blood. Scroll down for video . Appearance: Lacey Spears (above), who has been accused of poisoning her son to death, was in a Westchester, New York courtroom Thursday . Tragedy: Garnett Spears (above) died at just 5-years-old in January from acute sodium poisoning . Prosecutors revealed in court today that they would be bringing up a previous episode in which Garnett was suffering unusually high sodium levels, as well as some lies that Lacey may have told, calling her character into question. The Journal News reports, 'attorneys said Garnett Spears suffered an earlier episode of high sodium levels at Children's Hospital in Alabama, presumably at the hands of his mother, Lacey Spears.' They also intend to bring up claims that Lacey lied about being engaged to a man, who she claimed was Garnett's father, and claimed to have two other children who do not exist. The trial is set to begin on January 26. Lacey gained a national following online by writing about her son's numerous medical conditions. Not well: Lacey  is believed to suffer from Manchausen Syndrome by Proxy . Horrible end: It is thought that Lacey may have administered the fatal dose of salt to her son while he was being treated in the hospital . Garnett died on January 23, 2013  at the Westchester Medical Center in Valhalla after his sodium levels rose to an extremely dangerous level with no medical explanation. Lacey, 26, who documented her son's persistent illnesses online, has been charged with killing him by administering salt through a feeding tube in his stomach. The mother, nicknamed the 'mommy blogger', is believed to have been suffering from Postpartum Depression and Manchausen Syndrome by Proxy. The condition is a psychiatric disorder which makes a parent purposely hurt their child for attention. When Garnett was only five weeks old, Spears 'verbalized she wanted to harm him', the report said. Around a month later, she was referred to medical social services for 'interpersonal conflict, stress and dysfunction'. The document does not state what the outcome of the referral was. Barry Spear, a spokesman for the Alabama Department of Human Resources, said he had no record of hypernatremia being reported to the authorities when Garnett was a baby. Spears, who shared her son's hospital room after he was brought in suffering from vomiting and seizures, pleaded not guilty in June to charges of depraved murder and first-degree manslaughter. Depraved murder is a count often used in cases that suggest extreme recklessness rather than intentional killing. It carries the same maximum sentence, however - 25 years to life.
highlights: Lacey Spears appeared in a Westchester, New York courtroom on Thursday after being accused of killing her son Garnett . Garnett died in January of acute sodium poisoning, and it is thought his mother may have administered the fatal dose while he was in the hospital . Prosecutors want to bring up that Garnett suffered heightened sodium levels when he was a baby, and point out some of Lacey's alleged lies . They say Lacey lied about having a fiancee and said she had two other children to people, children that never existed .
id: 5230e3f1fb749e9fbbb262aa10fa1ac35bb6d72c
chatgpt: Lacey Spears appeared in court on Thursday in Westchester, New York. Spears stands accused of killing her son Garnett, who died in January of acute sodium poisoning. Prosecutors believe that Spears may have administered the fatal dose of sodium while her son was in the hospital. During the court proceedings, prosecutors claimed that Garnett had suffered from heightened sodium levels when he was an infant. In addition, the prosecution alleges that Spears lied about her personal life to friends and acquaintances, claiming that she had a fiancé and two other children who never actually existed. While the prosecution's case relies heavily on circumstantial evidence, they claim that Spears' behavior before and after her son's death speaks to her guilt. They believe that Spears knowingly caused harm to her son by administering the deadly dose of sodium. The defense, on the other hand, argued that there was no concrete evidence that Spears caused her son's death. They claimed that the child's medical condition was complicated by other factors, such as a stomach virus that he had contracted prior to his death. Despite this defense, prosecutors pointed to Spears' history of lies and manipulation as a reason to believe that she may have intentionally caused harm to her son. They claim that she fabricated the existence of a fake fiancé and two other children as a way to gain sympathy from those around her. The case has attracted widespread media attention due to the disturbing nature of the crime. The death of a child is always tragic, but the idea that a mother may have intentionally caused harm to her own child is particularly shocking. Throughout the proceedings, Spears has maintained her innocence, and her defense team has argued that there is not enough evidence to convict her. However, prosecutors remain convinced that Spears is guilty, and they plan to use every tool at their disposal to ensure that justice is served. The trial is set to continue in the coming weeks, and many are eagerly awaiting the outcome. While nothing can bring Garnett back, a conviction in this case would provide some measure of justice for those who loved him and cared for him during his short life. Regardless of the outcome, the death of Garnett Spears is a tragedy that should serve as a reminder of the importance of protecting our most vulnerable citizens. As a society, we must do more to identify and prevent cases of child abuse, and ensure that those who cause harm to children are held accountable for their actions.