article: A father left his two-year-old daughter in a hot locked car in the parking lot of a  Long Island shopping center while he indulged in some retail therapy inside. Melvin Marroquin, 30, was shopping with his parents on Thursday afternoon while his toddler daughter sweltered inside his Nissan Frontier pick where the temperature reached 120 degrees. A shopper heard her cries and noticed the little girl locked in the car with the windows wound up and called police to rescue her around 12:40pm. Near tragedy: Melvin Marroquin admitted to police that he left his toddler daughter in his locked pickup at the height of Thursday's heat for 25 minutes . Upsetting: Police officers Aaron Klein and Derek Mangi smashed the car window and pulled the toddler from the car. They said she was extremely hot to the touch and her hair was plastered to her head and shoulders with sweat . When police arrived, the girl was suffering serious heat exhaustion. 'She was beet red, and there were drips of sweat just coming off of her face and she looked to be in a lot of pain and agony at that time,' police officer Aaron Klein told NBC New York. 'It was beyond hot inside that car.' Officers had to break the window to get her out of the car, by which time she was lethargic and couldn't speak. Officer . Derek Mangi said it was 'very upsetting holding her and feeling hot how . she was. It was scary,' adding that the child would almost certainly . have died if they hadn't rescued her. They rushed her to an air-conditioned store nearby and gave her water to drink. Shopping spree: Marroquin and his parents shopped at Marshall's in Huntington as his little girl was sitting in her car-seat in his locked pickup in 120-degree heat . Facing the heat: Melvin Marroquin faced a judge Friday morning and was charged with reckless endangerment and child endangerment charges . Marroquin emerged from the store laden with shopping bags 10 minutes after police had rescued his daughter from the heat. He and his family are visiting Long Island from their home in Maryland and had spent the day with various family members and five children, he told police. Marroquin initially told the officers that he had forgotten his daughter was in the car, before admitting that he'd left the girl there for 25 minutes while he shopped. Marroquin has been arrested for child endangerment and reckless endangerment. It's unclear if his parents, the little girl's grandparents, were aware that she was in the car. She was taken to Huntington Hospital with heat exhaustion before being released into the custody of her mother.
highlights: Melvin Marroquin, 30, left his two-year-old daughter in a locked car Thursday . A concerned passerby called 911 and officers had to break a car window to remove the child . She was 'beet red' and dripping with sweat, officers said, and too weak to speak . Marroquin returned to the car with shopping bags 10 minutes after his daughter was rescued . He admitted to police that he had left the girl for 25 minutes while he shopped . Temperature reached 120 degrees inside the car . Marroquin has been charged with reckless endangerment and child endangerment .
id: b3a53b38b008ed75b4a67adadb04f70db3685aba
chatgpt: A father in Maryland has been charged with reckless endangerment and child endangerment after leaving his two-year-old daughter locked in a car on a hot summer day. Melvin Marroquin, 30, left his toddler alone in the vehicle for 25 minutes while he went shopping at a local store, authorities said. A concerned passerby called 911 and officers had to break a car window to rescue the child. When they arrived, they found the little girl "beet red" and dripping with sweat. She was too weak to speak. According to the police report, the temperature inside the car had reached 120 degrees Fahrenheit. It's unclear why Marroquin would leave his daughter in such dangerous conditions, but authorities have suggested he may have been oblivious to the potential danger. "A person walking by heard the child crying and called 911," said Capt. Steven Reynolds of the local police department. "The child was trapped inside the car, which was locked. By the time officers arrived, it was clear that the toddler was in distress." The incident happened on Thursday afternoon and Marroquin was arrested later that evening. He returned to the car with shopping bags 10 minutes after his daughter was rescued. When questioned by officers, he admitted to leaving the child in the car for 25 minutes while he shopped. "He showed no concern or remorse for the child," Capt. Reynolds said. "He was surprised that we had to break the window to get her out." The toddler was taken to a local hospital for treatment and released to her mother. She suffered no serious injuries but was understandably traumatized by the incident. It's unclear if Marroquin will face any additional charges or if he has hired a lawyer. As temperatures continue to soar during the summer months, parents are being reminded to never leave their children in hot cars. According to KidsAndCars.org, 39 children died in hot cars in the United States last year alone. It's a tragic and preventable problem that can happen to anyone, regardless of income or education level. As for Marroquin, he will have to answer for his actions in court. His daughter was lucky to survive the incident, but she could have easily suffered irreversible damage or death. It's a stark reminder that when it comes to children's safety, there is no room for complacency or ignorance.