article: Micah Richards was put through his paces for the first time at training following the completion of his loan move from Manchester City to Fiorentina. The England international joined teammates including former Premier League stars Guiseppe Rossi and Alberto Aquiliani for some stretching exercises in the gym before heading outdoors for light training. Former Manchester City teammate Nigel de Jong, now with AC Milan, sent Richards a message on Twitter welcoming him to Italy with the hashtag #Neighbourfromhell (below). Warm welcome: Former City teammate Nigel de Jong sent Richards a message on Twitter . Jog on: Micah Richards (3L) takes part in some light training with his new teammates . Richards has spoken of his excitement at experiencing a new culture and claimed he would consider remaining in Serie A if the season-long loan proves successful. The Viola finished fourth in the league last season and are seeking a Champions League place this term. The 26-year-old became disillusioned at the Premier League champions after an unfortunate injury while playing for Team GB at the London 2012 Olympics saw him lose his place to Pablo Zabaleta in the Blues first team. The powerful defender only made two Premier League appearances last season and played 10 games in total, including five domestic cup ties.. Richards was offered more money to remain at the Etihad but decided to leave in search of more playing time, eventually agreeing a deadline day move that saw Manchester City secure a £1 million loan fee. Italian job: The Manchester City defender exercises in the gym following his loan move to Florence . Forward thinking: The 28-year-old has indicated he would like to stay in Serie A if his loan is successful . Bench mark: Richards became disillusioned with his lack of playing time at the Etihad . West Ham had been interested in a temporary move for  the right-back but could not afford to match his wages of around £75,000 - with sources at the club claiming he was not prepared to lower his demands. It's not too late to play MailOnline Fantasy Football… There's £1,000 to be won EVERY WEEK by the highest scoring manager . CLICK HERE to start picking your Fantasy Football team NOW! There's £60,000 in prizes including £1,000 up for grabs EVERY WEEK… .
highlights: Micah Richards completed loan move from Manchester City to Fiorentina . England international trained with teammates including Alberto Aquiliani and Guiseppe Rossi . Richards decided to move after losing starting place to Pablo Zabaleta . West Ham also wanted defender but could not meet his wage demands .
id: 59b587aaac85a479538a219176a5d6f15f504d99
chatgpt: Former England international Micah Richards has completed his loan move from Manchester City to Italian Serie A club Fiorentina. The talented defender trained with his new teammates, including Alberto Aquiliani and Guiseppe Rossi, ahead of his debut for the club. Richards made the decision to move on loan to Fiorentina after losing his starting place to Pablo Zabaleta at Manchester City. Despite interest from Premier League club West Ham, they were unable to meet Richards' wage demands. The player's loan move to Fiorentina is set to provide him with the opportunity to gain regular playing time and revive his career. The young defender started his career at Manchester City as a youth player, joining the club at the age of 14. After rising through the ranks, he made his senior team debut in 2005 and became a regular first-team player for the club. Richards went on to make over 245 appearances for City and played a crucial role in their title-winning campaign in 2011-2012. During his time at Manchester City, Richards was recognized as one of the most promising young defenders in English football. He earned his first England cap in 2006 and went on to represent his country in 13 senior matches. Despite his promising start, however, Richards' career has been plagued by injury and inconsistency in recent years. The loan move to Fiorentina provides Richards with the chance to start over and rediscover the form that made him one of England's most exciting young players. The Italian club, for their part, will be hoping that Richards can bolster their backline and help them to push for a place in Europe. With his loan move to Fiorentina now complete, Richards will be looking to hit the ground running and make an immediate impact for his new club. His first match could come as early as this weekend, when Fiorentina take on Genoa in Serie A action. Richards' move to Fiorentina is one of several transfers that have taken place in the world of football in recent days, as clubs scramble to strengthen their squads ahead of the upcoming season. With the transfer window set to close in just a few weeks' time, this is likely to be just the beginning of a flurry of activity across Europe's top football leagues.