article: A trapper has captured a huge 11-foot-long alligator suspected of killing a 55lb pit bull puppy in a Florida lake. Eric Glover was playing with his 10-month-old pit bull King at Eagle Nest Park in Orlando when the alligator snatched the dog in its jaws and dragged him underwater. The Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission said the alligator was trapped by Florida Nuisance Alligator trapper Jason Daikus around 11pm Wednesday after three days in pursuit. Dog-snatcher: The huge alligator suspected of eating a pet dog was caught late Wednesday after trappers spent three days pursuing it . Tragic: King (front), a 10-month-old pit-bull, was eaten by the 11-foot alligator while playing fetch with his owner in an Orlando park . Fast: Dog owner Eric Glover said he was 'shocked' and didn't have time to react when the alligator snatched his 10-month-old pit-bull, King . Glover said he wanted to animal trapped so that it couldn't hurt any other dogs or people after his ordeal. 'My boy, he turned around, came to me, and he took off to run back again,' Glover told WKMG after the incident. 'And when he took off again, the gator came out, snatched him in front of the bank here and took him in. And that was it.' Glover correctly told authorities he believed the alligator was about 11-feet. It came in at 11-feet and one-inch. The attack was so quick, Glover didn't have time to do anything about it. The 55-pound pit-bull didn't even make a sound, the man said. 'I don't even think he knew he was hit,' Glover told WFTV about his pup. 'It was like that quick.' Trappers with Florida Fish and Wildlife on Monday scoured the lake for hours in search of the alligator. They left empty-handed after sunset. Habitat: The alligator had been spotted before by residents living near Eagle Nest Park in Orlando . Snatched: Glover, his deceased dog King (right) and another dog play with a neighborhood pooch at an Orlando park where King was grabbed by a gator . 'I couldn't do nothing,' Glover told WFTV. 'I froze, and I am like, "Oh, my God. That is a gator." Like, my instincts, "That is a gator eating my dog." I was shocked.' WKMG reported that several homes back onto the lake, and a bike path and jogging trail rings the lake's edge and many children walk along it to school every day. At least one neighbor said he'd seen a big alligator lurking about recently. 'I hear people say it's more than one,' Chris Bradley told the Orlando Sentinel. 'They took an alligator out of a smaller pond nearby.' According to WFTV, the alligator is too big to be released back into the wild and will be harvested. Some 12 people were bitten by alligators in Florida, according to the Sentinel. None of the attacks was fatal, although at least seven bites resulted in major injuries. video platformvideo managementvideo solutionsvideo player .
highlights: Trappers caught an 11-foot-long alligator in an Orlando lake after a three-day search . The beast snatched a pit bull puppy as he played with his owner Monday morning . Dog owner Eric Glover says his 10-month dog didn't even have time to react as the alligator pulled it underwater . The creature is too big to be released back into the wild and will be harvested .
id: f537450bac7e2822da231c07f292990c1c1f25f8
chatgpt: Trappers in Orlando, Florida have successfully caught an 11-foot-long alligator following a three-day search. The sighting of the beast in a local lake had caused concern among residents, particularly after it snatched a pit bull puppy on Monday morning. The dog's owner, Eric Glover, was playing with his 10-month-old pup when the alligator suddenly appeared and pulled the dog underwater. Glover, who had only had the dog for a few months, was unable to intervene in time to save his pet. Concerned residents reported the incident to local authorities, who launched a search for the alligator. Trappers from the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission were called in, and after three days of searching, they were able to successfully catch the animal. However, authorities have noted that the alligator is too large to be safely released back into the wild. Instead, it will be harvested and processed, in accordance with Florida state law. According to state regulations, alligators larger than four feet may only be harvested by licensed trappers. The meat, hide, and other products from the alligator may then be sold, although the value of the animal is likely to vary based on its size and condition. While the practice of harvesting alligators may be controversial, particularly among animal rights activists, it is considered an important part of maintaining ecological balance in Florida's waterways. Alligators are a protected species in the state, but their numbers have grown in recent years, particularly in urban areas such as Orlando. Officials and residents alike hope that the capture of this particular alligator will help to ease concerns about the safety of people and their pets in local lakes and other bodies of water. While alligator attacks are relatively uncommon in Florida, they do happen from time to time, and residents are advised to be cautious and alert when near bodies of water where alligators may be present. For Glover, however, the loss of his beloved pet is a painful reminder of the potential dangers of living near Florida's waterways. He encourages others to be aware of the risks posed by alligators, particularly during the warmer months when they are most active. Despite the tragedy of his dog's death, Glover says he does not blame the alligator for acting on its instincts. "It's just nature," he says. "Alligators gotta eat too." In the end, the capture and harvesting of the 11-foot-long alligator is a reminder that humans and animals must coexist, but with a healthy respect for each other's needs and boundaries. As development continues in urban areas, it is likely that encounters with alligators and other wildlife will become more common, making it all the more important for people to stay aware and informed about the risks and opportunities that these encounters present.