article: CAMP VICTORY, Iraq -- Stephen Colbert left no doubt about his solidarity with American troops when he taped the first of four Comedy Central shows he'll produce in Iraq this week. Stephen Colbert high-fives a serviceman after submitting to a military-style haircut in Iraq on Sunday. Colbert, wearing a business suit made of the same camouflaged material used for soldiers' desert uniforms, submitted to a regulation military haircut as hundreds of U.S. troops cheered wildly Sunday. The comedian, who satirizes conservative TV pundits on his "Colbert Report," began his "Operation Iraqi Stephen: Going Commando" USO tour Sunday in the Baghdad headquarters of the U.S.-led military coalition in Iraq. "It must be nice in Iraq, because some of you keep coming back again and again," Colbert said, joking about the multiple tours many troops have had in Iraq since the 2003 invasion. Some troops had accumulated enough frequent flyer miles to earn them a free ticket to Afghanistan, he joked. Colbert told his guest, Gen. Ray Odierno, he felt "a little intimidated" by him, not because he was he top U.S. commander in Iraq, but because it felt like he was "interviewing Shrek." Odierno is an imposing bald figure at 6-feet, 5-inches tall. Odierno said the military is "not yet ready to declare victory" in Iraq and that there was a little more work to be done for long-term stability. "I, Stephen Colbert, by the power invested in me by basic cable, officially declare we won the Iraq war," Colbert said, as his audience broke out into applause. The interview was interrupted when President Obama appeared on large television screens. The commander-in-chief told his general it was time to "cut that man's hair." With white electric hair clippers in his hand, Odierno stood up and began shaving Colbert's trademark thick dark hair. The troops stood and cheered as a female member of Colbert's staff finished the job. After the haircut, Colbert ran through the audience, high-fiving the troops as he showed off his new military look. One Army major said that "shaving of the hair is an amazing show of support" that was "very touching." Former Republican presidential nominee Sen. John McCain also made a pre-taped appearance on the show, jokingly reminding the troops to "take time to clean your muskets." Lt. Col. Debra Shoemaker, a native of Colbert's hometown of Charleston, South Carolina, said the show was a "nice break" from the monotony of service in Iraq. USO Senior Vice President John Hanson said the shows are an important diversion for the troops. Colbert's USO tour is unusual because it's the first time a show taped in a combat zone has been edited and aired so quickly. The Sunday show will be televised on the Comedy Central network Monday night.
highlights: Stephen Colbert tapes first of four shows he'll produce in Iraq this week . Comedian tells guest, the imposing Gen. Ray Odierno, it's like "interviewing Shrek" At President Obama's taped orders, Odierno cuts Colbert's hair to wild cheering . Sunday show to be televised on the Comedy Central network Monday night .
id: 8b24ada18d50e8f06e1898b9982420f4535f461d
chatgpt: Comedian Stephen Colbert has recently taken his show to Iraq, where he will be recording four separate shows this week. The first of these shows was recently taped, and it featured a particularly amusing moment with General Ray Odierno. During the taping, Colbert jokingly referred to Odierno as "Shrek" due to his imposing size. Odierno, a good sport, proceeded to cut Colbert's hair at the urging of President Obama. The crowd went wild with cheering and applause as Colbert sported his newly shorn hair. The show, which will be televised on the Comedy Central network on Monday night, promises to be a hilarious and memorable experience. Colbert's witty humor paired with his firsthand experience in Iraq is sure to make for an entertaining evening. Colbert has previously traveled to war-torn countries like Iraq and Afghanistan to entertain United States troops stationed overseas. These trips provide much-needed relief to soldiers and give them a chance to laugh and relax, even in the midst of difficult circumstances. In addition to entertaining the troops, Colbert's Iraq shows will also highlight the importance of supporting our military and the sacrifices that they make to protect our country. Colbert's humor may be lighthearted, but his message is serious. By bringing attention to the struggles and challenges that our military faces, Colbert honors the service and sacrifice of those who put their lives on the line for our freedom. The taping of these shows in Iraq is a testament to Colbert's commitment to showing his appreciation and support for our troops. It takes great courage and dedication to travel to a war-torn country to perform, but Colbert is not one to shy away from a challenge. In the coming days, audiences can look forward to hearing more from Colbert as he continues to share his experiences with his viewers. These shows are sure to be entertaining and informative, and they serve as a reminder of the sacrifices that our troops make every day.