article: Frank Lampard and Ashley Cole were reunited following Manchester City's 1-1 draw with Roma on Tuesday night. The former Chelsea duo, who both left Stamford Bridge this summer, caught up at the Etihad Stadium and posed for a picture. Posting the snap  of the pair on Twitter on Wednesday morning, Cole added the message: 'Was soo good to see Lamps last night!! I wish him all the best at City and in New York. Such a goalmachine!!' Former Chelsea duo Frank Lampard and Ashley Cole were reunited after Man City's draw with Roma . Lampard and Cole embraced shortly after the full time whistle at the Etihad Stadium on Tuesday night . Cole will have been the happier of the two Chelsea legends as Roma came away from England with a point . Chelsea released the former England stars last summer after the players' contracts expired . Shortly after the match Cole had tweeted: 'Strange feeling playing back in England and against Lamps!! Always tough to play City but great to get an away point.' Lampard is currently on loan at Manchester City having joined New York City FC  while Cole signed a two-year deal with Roma in July after both players were allowed to leave Chelsea at the end of last season. The former Chelsea left back became the 11th Englishman to play for a foreign club in the Champions League after starting at the Etihad. Cole and Lampard earned legendary status during their time at Chelsea after helping the Blues win the Premier League, Champions League and FA Cup. Lampard spent 13 years in west London having arrived from West Ham in 2001 while Cole represented the club for eight seasons after joining from Arsenal in 2006. They were also part of England's 'Golden Generation', which reached the quarter-finals of the 2006 World Cup but was expected to do so much more. The former Stamford Bridge duo helped Chelsea win the Premier League, Champions League and FA Cup . VIDEO No surprise at Lampard success - Pellegrini .
highlights: Frank Lampard and Ashley Cole caught up after Man City's 1-1 draw with Roma on Tuesday night . Former Chelsea duo left Stamford Bridge last summer . Lampard is on loan at Man City having joined New York City FC . Cole signed a two-year deal with Italian side Roma in July .
id: ac6f7b77337344c4d4a07c49cf222344b28c0b49
chatgpt: Former Chelsea teammates Frank Lampard and Ashley Cole were spotted catching up after Manchester City's 1-1 draw with AS Roma on Tuesday night. Lampard is currently on loan with City from New York City FC, while Cole joined Roma on a two-year deal in July. As the two players embraced, it was a reminder of their time together at Stamford Bridge, where they helped Chelsea win multiple trophies. Lampard, who left Chelsea last summer after 13 years, became City's all-time leading scorer as a midfielder before heading to the United States. Cole, who also left Chelsea last summer after eight seasons, has enjoyed a solid start to his career in Italy, featuring in seven games for Roma so far this season. The meeting between the two friends came after a closely fought game between Manchester City and Roma, which ended in a 1-1 draw at the Etihad Stadium. Both teams had chances to take the lead, but it was the home side who finally broke the deadlock in the second half when City's Argentine striker, Sergio Aguero, slotted home a penalty. However, Roma refused to give up and managed to equalize late on, thanks to a wonder-strike from substitute Francesco Totti. Despite the draw, both teams will be pleased with their performances, and the result keeps both teams' hopes alive in the Champions League. Manchester City remain in second place in Group E, level on points with Roma, and four points behind group leaders, Bayern Munich. With two games left to play in the group stages, there is still everything to play for. For Lampard and Cole, it was a chance to catch up and reminisce about their time at Chelsea, while also discussing their current careers. Lampard's loan spell with Manchester City has impressed many, and it remains to be seen where he will end up after his season in the Premier League. Meanwhile, Cole will be hoping to continue his good form with Roma and contribute to their push for silverware this season. As Lampard and Cole parted ways, it was clear that their friendship had not been forgotten, and they seemed excited at the prospect of meeting up again in the future. For now, however, they will go their separate ways, with Lampard preparing for City's next game, while Cole gets ready to face Cesena in Serie A this weekend.