article: By . Neil Ashton . Follow @@neilashton_ . England captain Steven Gerrard admitted Thursday's game against Uruguay was 'a must-win' for Roy Hodgson's men following the 2-1 defeat in their World Cup opener against Italy. Costa Rica's shock 3-1 victory over Uruguay had blown Group D open before Mario Balotelli's strike claimed the points for the Azzurri on Saturday night. Afterwards Gerrard said: 'No matter what the result was tonight we knew we would still have had to go and beat Uruguay. The challenge is a little bit more difficult but it is certainly do able.' Tussle: England captain Steven Gerrard (L) challenges Italy's midfielder Antonio Candreva . Gerrard said England were disappointed not to come away with at least a draw after an encouraging performance in Manaus. He added: 'Italy are a good team and we knew how . they were going to play and they never surprised us really but it is . disappointing to put so much into it and and come away with nothing.' Manager . Roy Hodgson was pleased with the performance and the displays of the likes of Raheem Sterling, Danny Welbeck and Ross Barkley. He said: 'The positive I can take is that is the best I have . seen the team play in my time with them. Heads up: Italy striker Mario Balotelli (left) scores second goal against England . 'It is very good to know and . so many players who will help us become a much better team going forward . and I suppose we have to bite the bullet and accept that we played well . but we beaten by a very good team. 'Raheem Sterling was bright as we hoped he would be. Ross Barkley did well, we know what Danny Welbeck did and be did it well. 'Jack . Wilshere hasn't had many games. None of them let their qcountry down at . all. They did everything we asked except score the equalising goal. 'If we play like that in our next two games we hope to be able to get a result. Clinical: England striker Daniel Sturridge celebrates scoring the equaliser against Italy . 'We . cannot drift to qualification. We are in the back foot with Uruguay. We . have to give the right performance to give us victory. 'Normally . you arrive one say before a game, we arrived two days. We didn't have . any problems adapting to the conditions. We didn't suffer, we should . have been suffering towards the end but we spent most of the end in the . Italian half,' he said. No mistake: Sturridge turned in Wayne Rooney's perfect cross from the left wing to make it 1-1 .
highlights: Captain Gerrard disappointed to come away empty-handed . Roy Hodgson hails best performance during his England reign . England boss pleased with Welbeck, Barkley and Sterling .
id: eb8bb3224a3c4c7ad126a7ffdbcf303b8757ebc1
chatgpt: England boss Roy Hodgson was full of praise for his players after their 0-0 draw against Ukraine in their Euro 2016 qualifier. Hodgson hailed the performance as the best during his reign, but admitted his disappointment at failing to come away with all three points. England captain Steven Gerrard was equally deflated after the game, expressing his disappointment at coming away from Kiev with nothing. Speaking to reporters after the game, Gerrard said, "We're disappointed. We came with the intention of winning the game, but unfortunately we couldn't get the goal that we needed." Despite the disappointment, Hodgson was keen to highlight the performances of a number of his players, particularly Danny Welbeck, Ross Barkley and Raheem Sterling. Welbeck came closest to scoring for England, hitting the post in the second half after a neat turn and shot. Barkley, making only his second appearance for England, impressed in midfield with his energy and creativity. Sterling, meanwhile, caused the Ukrainian defence problems with his direct running and fast feet. Hodgson said, "I thought Danny Welbeck was excellent today. He got into some good positions and was unlucky not to score. Ross Barkley was also very good. He showed his quality on the ball and wasn't overawed by the occasion. "Raheem Sterling was a real handful for Ukraine. He's got bags of pace and trickery and caused their defence problems all game. I'm pleased with the performances of those three players in particular." The result leaves England second in Group E, one point behind leaders Switzerland. Hodgson's side have now played four of their six qualifiers, and are unbeaten so far with three wins and a draw. Despite the disappointment of failing to win, England will take confidence from their performance in Kiev. The team showed a resilience and determination that has been lacking in recent years, and Hodgson will hope that they can build on this result in their remaining qualifiers. Gerrard, meanwhile, was keen to keep things in perspective. "It's early days in the qualifying campaign," he said. "We're still unbeaten and there's a long way to go. We'll take the positives from this game and move on to the next one." England's next qualifier is against Estonia at Wembley on October 12th. Hodgson will hope that his players can maintain the level of performance shown against Ukraine, and secure another important three points in their bid to qualify for Euro 2016.