article: Atlanta (CNN) -- An 87-year-old Georgia woman, who was found dead in Lake Oconee 10 days after the discovery of her husband's headless body, appears to have been killed before being dumped in the lake. It's the latest twist in a grisly case that has baffled authorities. Shirley Dermond did not drown but rather died from a "blunt impact injury to the head," Putnam County Coroner Gary McElhenney said Saturday. The coroner's finding came a day after authorities pulled Dermond's body from the lake about 80 miles east of Atlanta. McElhenney did not offer any further details about what might have been used to kill her before she was placed in the water or whether she suffered any additional trauma. The decapitated body of her husband, 88-year-old Russell Dermond, was discovered May 6 in the garage of the couple's million-dollar waterfront home after friends went to check on them. From the beginning, investigators treated Dermond's disappearance as an abduction. Her purse, cell phone and car were all still at home. Authorities believe she was taken from her home after her husband was killed, sometime between May 2 and May 4. Investigators continue to search for Russell Dermond's head, and they plan to look in the area where Shirley Dermond's body was found, Putnam County Sheriff Howard Sills has said. Authorities were alerted by two fishermen who spotted what they believed to be a body in the lake, five or six miles from the couple's home. CNN's AnneClaire Stapleton and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .
highlights: NEW: Shirley Dermond, 87, did not drown, a coroner says . Dermond's body was found Friday in Lake Oconee . Coroner: Her death a homicide, caused by "blunt impact injury to the head" The woman was killed first, then her body was put in the lake .
id: 32cdf38f189f6291950c5c4241212b840c56e517
chatgpt: On Friday, the body of 87-year-old Shirley Dermond was found in Lake Oconee. Initially, it was unclear how she had died, but the coroner's report has now shed light on the matter. According to the coroner, Dermond did not drown, but was in fact the victim of a homicide. The cause of her death was a "blunt impact injury to the head". The coroner's report indicates that Dermond was killed before her body was placed in the lake. It is unclear why the perpetrator chose to dispose of the body in this way. The investigation into the murder is ongoing, and authorities are asking anyone with information to come forward. Dermond's death has shocked the local community, who were already reeling from her husband's disappearance over six years ago. Russell Dermond was reported missing in May 2014, and his body was found decapitated a week later. His murder remains unsolved, and there is no indication at this time that his death is connected to Shirley's. The investigation into Shirley Dermond's murder is being conducted by the Georgia Bureau of Investigation and the Putnam County Sheriff's Office. Both agencies are asking for the public's help in solving the case. If you have any information that could help investigators, please contact the Putnam County Sheriff's Office. As the community mourns the loss of Shirley Dermond, they are also seeking closure for Russell's case. The Dermonds were a beloved couple in the area, and the tragedies that have befallen them have left many shaken. The hope is that justice will be served, and those responsible for these heinous crimes will be brought to justice.