article: By . Elliott Bretland for MailOnline . Follow @@EllBretland . Everton have announced the signing of free agent Samuel Eto'o on a two-year deal. The 33-year-old striker was released by Chelsea earlier this summer and has joined the Toffees following the collapse of a move to neighbours Liverpool. The striker tweeted: 'Officially an Everton player...!!! Let's get ready for a new and ambitious Challenge!!!' VIDEO Scroll down for Roberto Martinez: Samuel Eto'o is a perfect match for Everton . Pen to paper: Former Chelsea striker Samuel Eto'o, sitting next to Everton's player liaison officer David Harrison has signed a two-year deal at Goodison Park . Martinez told the club's official website: 'I met him and we had a very good chat about football in general and I was impressed about the hunger he still has. 'For someone who has achieved nearly everything, he still has the desire he had at 15 when he went to Spain and showed what he could do. For many reasons he has got a point to prove. 'We are very excited and I think Everton is the perfect home for him. The fans will make him ready and feel sharp but we have got to be a bit patient with the fitness levels and make sure he is back to his best.' All smiles: Eto'o holds aloft the Everton shirt at the club's Finch Farm training ground . Eto'o added: 'I am very happy to be here, I am looking forward greatly to putting on the Blue shirt of Everton. 'I have been very impressed by the style of play Everton adopt. I could see straight away that at this club I will have the opportunity to play football. I had the chance to speak with the manager over the last few days and we agreed that this was what we would do. 'I was impressed with his enthusiasm but also by the knowledge of football that Roberto Martinez carries, his vision of football and how he reads football. I still think I can learn a great deal from him here.' Eto'o a Blue: The Toffees announced the signing of the Cameroon international viaTwitter on Tuesday evening . The Cameroon international has lowered his wage demands from around £130,000 a week in order to join the Toffees. The frontman, who has also played for Barcelona, Inter Milan and Real Madrid, scored nine goals in 16 starts for Chelsea last term. Eto'o will wear the No 5 shIrt at Goodison Park this season and joins Romelu Lukaku - a former Stamford Bridge team-mate - Steven Naismith and Arouna Kone in the Everton frontline. VIDEO 'Phenomenal' performance deserved three points - Martinez .
highlights: Everton announce signing of Samuel Eto'o on a free transfer . 33-year-old striker has signed two-year deal with the Toffees . Cameroon international was released by Chelsea this summer .
id: ad71d8807a629182b7eb1fc4a8c66159dad74d09
chatgpt: Everton Football Club has announced the signing of Cameroon international Samuel Eto'o on a free transfer. The 33-year-old, who was released by Chelsea earlier this summer, has signed a two-year deal with the Toffees. Eto'o, widely regarded as one of the greatest African footballers of all time, brings a wealth of experience to the Everton team. He has scored over 300 goals in a career spanning over 20 years, including winning three Champions League titles with Barcelona and Inter Milan. Speaking to the Everton website about his new signing, manager Roberto Martinez said, "I am delighted to welcome Samuel to Everton. His experience in European football is immense and he will bring a calmness and professionalism to our squad. He has had an incredible career and we are all looking forward to seeing him in an Everton shirt." Eto'o's signing has been met with widespread approval from Everton supporters, who have hailed his arrival as a major coup for the club. Many fans believe that his addition to the squad will help to shore up their attack and push the Toffees closer towards European qualification. Everton finished fifth in the Premier League last season, narrowly missing out on a Champions League place. Martinez has been keen to strengthen his squad over the summer, with the addition of Eto'o representing one of his most significant signings. The Cameroon striker had been linked with a move to Serie A side Sampdoria, but ultimately decided to make the switch to the Premier League. Eto'o had previously played in England for Chelsea, where he scored 12 goals in 35 appearances. Eto'o's signing adds to a growing African contingent at Everton, which already includes Ivorian forward Arouna Kone and Ghanaian midfielder Christian Atsu. The Toffees have a rich history of African players, with the likes of Joseph Yobo, Yakubu Aiyegbeni and Ayegbeni Yakubu all having represented the club in the past. The announcement of Eto'o's signing comes just days after Everton secured a hard-fought 2-1 victory over West Bromwich Albion in their opening fixture of the new Premier League season. The Toffees will be hoping to build on that promising start and mount a serious challenge for a top-four finish this year. Eto'o's arrival is likely to provide a major boost to Everton's chances of achieving that aim. With his proven track record and experience at the highest levels of European football, the Cameroon striker could well prove to be the difference-maker that the Toffees have been searching for. On the other hand, Eto'o might also find that his pace and stamina may diminish by the season end, owing to his age.