article: (CNN)  -- More than 2,000 students in Southern California laid 65 miles of pennies on a speedway track Thursday in an attempt to set a world record and help schools in the area. Mason Gonzalez is ready with pennies. Dodgers tickets were prizes for collecting the most pennies. THINK (Teaching, Helping, Inspiring & Nurturing Kids) Together didn't meet its original goal of laying out 100 miles of pennies at Auto Club Speedway in Fontana, California, but group spokeswoman Nadia Flores said the group is happy with the results. "We raised twice what we were able to lay down," she said. "I think the energy and the vibe from having so many kids and volunteers present made it really fun." Flores said the group ran out of time in its attempt to get all 100 miles laid out, but she added that they're confident they have the record anyway. Guinness World Records, which would certify the record, said Thursday it had not yet received documentation from the group. The current record for pennies laid out is 40 miles. The money -- about $84,500 -- will go to the nonprofit program that provides free after-school care for students at more than 200 elementary and middle schools in at-risk communities in four California counties -- Orange, Los Angeles, Riverside and San Bernardino. Flores said the idea for "Miles of Change" came after group members saw students at a school in Kansas make a 40-mile chain of pennies in July 2008 to set the world record. Flores said her group, based in Santa Ana, California, wanted a program that would unite the counties involved -- and set a record. The pennies were collected by 35,000 students in the after-school program and were laid in loops around the two-mile track in Fontana, California. Flores said every penny must be touching the next penny in order to qualify for the Guinness world record. Documentation will include aerial photos, she said. Each student took home tubes to collect the pennies. Students who collected the most got tickets to future Los Angeles Dodgers games, Flores said. The effort also is meant to honor Abraham Lincoln's 200th birthday and the 100th anniversary of the introduction of the Lincoln penny.
highlights: Southern California students want to break 40-mile world record set in Kansas . $84,500 collected will go to program that provides free after-school care . More than 2,000 kids lay out loops at speedway track . Guinness World Records will verify if record was set .
id: 9bca7481982223a4ac82c28d19557f83a6b05399
chatgpt: Southern California students have put their hearts and determination to break the 40-mile world record set in Kansas. The record-breaking attempt was aimed at raising $84,500 for a program that provides free after-school care to underprivileged children in the area. Over 2000 students from the Southern California region converged at the speedway track on Saturday to lay out loops and attempt the world record. The current world record, set in Kansas, was established in 2018, covering a distance of 40 miles. The previous record was held by students from Florida who covered a total distance of 33 miles. The students were excited and motivated to be part of the history-making event. "We are thrilled to participate in this challenge, and we are hopeful that we can set a new record and raise funds for a worthy cause," said one student who was present at the event. The schools that participated in the record-breaking attempt have been raising funds for months to support the after-school program. The program is aimed at providing essential care, mentorship, and guidance to children from low-income backgrounds in the region.  The Guinness World Records officials were present at the event to witness the attempt, and they will be verifying the results in the coming days. If the students successfully set a new world record, the achievement will be added to the official Guinness World Records list. The students hope that this event will not only inspire others to break records but also raise awareness about the importance of supporting after-school programs. "We want to show that with teamwork and determination, we can make a difference in the lives of other students in our community," said another student. Breaking the previous record will be an exceptional achievement for the young students, but their efforts and dedication to supporting the after-school program will benefit many students who will benefit from the services. If they have successfully set a new world record, they will have made history and paved the way for others to strive towards their goals while also making a difference in their communities.