article: By . Sam Webb . PUBLISHED: . 10:58 EST, 10 April 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 09:30 EST, 11 April 2013 . Former South African president Nelson Mandela, 94, pictured at his home in Qunu, South Africa on Sunday. His two daughters have launched a legal challenge against his business associates . The children of Nelson Mandela have launched a court case against several business associates of the former president in a dispute over the control of two companies, a South African newspaper said. The Star says the case was filed Monday in the Johannesburg High Court by Mandela's daughters, Makaziwe and Zenani. It was supported by the grandchildren of the anti-apartheid leader, who recently left a hospital after treatment for pneumonia. The court papers reportedly say lawyers George Bizos and Bally Chuene, and businessman Tokyo Sexwale, have no right to remain as directors of companies whose main purpose was to channel funds from the sale of 94-year-old Nelson Mandela's handprints. The newspaper quoted Bizos as saying the Mandela daughters are 'trying to get their hands on the money', estimated to be more than £1.1million. The two daughters claim that Bizos, Sexwale and Chuene were never appointed by Mandela as major shareholders or directors. Bizos claims the allegations are completely false. 'There is no basis to the allegations. We are not hijackers. We don't hijack things. 'We are confident we were regularly appointed at the wish of Mr Mandela five years ago.' The South African presidency announced . the 94-year-old had been cleared to leave the Pretoria hospital . following 'a sustained and gradual improvement in his general . condition.' Nelson Mandela was discharged from hospital on Sunday following a nine-day stay for treatment of pneumonia. It was the third hospital visit for . the former anti-apartheid leader since December when he underwent . treatment for gallstones and a lung infection. Makaziwe . was from Mandela's first marriage to Evelyn Ntoko Mase, which collapsed . in divorce in 1957 and Zenani is from his second marriage to Winnie . Madikizela-Mandela, who he was also separated from. Mandela . remarried to Graca Machel, widow of Samora Machel, the former . Mozambican president and ANC ally who was killed in an air crash 12 . years earlier, on his 80th birthday in 1998. George Bizos denies the sisters' accusations and claim they after money . Winnie Madikizela Mandela (right) and her daughter Zenani Dlamini left) in 2003 . Mandela and his former wife Winnie salute well-wishers as he leaves Victor Verster prison after 27 years . Mandela and his wife Graca Machel in 2005. They married in 1998 .
highlights: Daughters Makaziwe and Zenani file case against business associates . It was filed day after he returned from six day hospital stay . Businessmen say they were appointed by the 94-year-old hero .
id: 279bc8d25d6b7def9884c2b990e48d4821713f90
chatgpt: Daughters of former South African president Nelson Mandela, Makaziwe and Zenani, have filed a legal case against a number of business associates of the 94-year-old anti-apartheid hero. The case was filed one day after Mandela returned to his Johannesburg home from a six-day stay in the hospital.  The businessmen involved in the legal case claim that they were appointed by Mandela to assist with the management of his trust and personal affairs. However, the Mandela daughters contend that these individuals have been taking advantage of their father’s declining health and diminished mental capacity.  Makaziwe and Zenani are alleging that their father’s associates have been siphoning off funds from a trust earmarked for Mandela’s family members. They also claim that the businessmen have been making unauthorized decisions regarding Mandela’s health and personal affairs, and have generally not acted in Mandela’s best interests.  The legal case is being watched with great interest by the South African public, who have long revered Mandela as a hero and symbol of freedom from oppression. Mandela was imprisoned for 27 years for his activism during the apartheid era, before being released in 1990 and becoming South Africa’s first black president in 1994.  Given his advanced age and health issues, there has been much speculation about Mandela’s capacity and cognition in recent years. In 2013, Mandela was hospitalized for almost three months for a recurring lung infection, which left him frail and weak.  The legal filing by Mandela’s daughters has added a new layer of intrigue and drama to the already complicated story of Mandela’s legacy and post-presidential life. While there is little doubt that Mandela is one of the most important and iconic figures of the 20th century, his final years have been marked by controversy and uncertainty regarding his mental and physical health.  It remains to be seen what the outcome of this legal case will be, and whether it will shed any further light on the true state of Mandela’s affairs and decision-making abilities. What is clear, however, is that Makaziwe and Zenani are deeply concerned about their father’s well-being, and are willing to take legal action to ensure that he is being properly cared for and that his wishes are being respected.  For many South Africans, this case represents not only a battle over Mandela’s estate and legacy, but also a microcosm of the larger struggles and challenges facing the country as it continues to grapple with inequality, corruption, and political turmoil. The story of Nelson Mandela is far from over, and the legal case brought by his daughters is just one more chapter in a dramatic and complex tale that continues to capture the imagination and inspire the world.