article: When a five-year-old boy began wearing skirts and dresses, he was often mocked or stared at by schoolmates and strangers. So his father decided there was only one solution - to start cross-dressing too, as a show of support. The family live in a small, traditional town in southern Germany, but Nils Pickert claims his radical decision has given his son confidence in his choice. All dressed up: Nils Pickert claims his example has allowed his son to feel confident in his choice to wear women's clothing . Long skirts with elasticated waistbands 'suit me quite well anyway', Mr Pickert told German feminist magazine Emma, according to a translation by Tumblr user steegeschnoeber. The pair used to live in the well-to-do borough of Kreuzberg in cosmopolitan Berlin, where there was little or no reaction to Mr Pickert's son wearing dresses. The issue would simply spark debate among parents, he said, over whether allowing it was 'wise or ridiculous'. For open-minded Mr Pickert, it was never even a question. He would sometimes dress in a skirt or dress himself, during mild weather. When they moved to a 'very traditional, very religious' little town, however, Mr Pickert's son became too embarrassed to wear women's clothing to nursery school - and asked his father if he would dress up again. 'I didn’t want to talk my son into not wearing dresses and skirts,' said Mr Pickert. 'I had only one option left: To broaden my . shoulders for my little buddy and dress in a skirt myself. Liberal: Mr Pickert claims that when the family lived in the well-to-do Berlin suburb of Kreuzberg, cross-dressing was never a big issue . 'After all, . you can’t expect a child at pre-school age to have the same ability to . assert themselves as an adult completely without role model. And so I . became that role model.' 'To this very day I’m thankful for that . woman who stared at us on the street until she ran face-first into a . street light. My son was roaring with laughter, and the next day he . fished out a dress from the depth of his wardrobe. At first only for the . weekend. Later also for nursery school.' Mr Pickert says his son's choice is now a subject of conversation for the whole town - and he feels proud of his own role in that. He calls himself 'part of the minority that makes a fool of themselves from time to time, out of conviction.' He added: 'What’s the . little guy doing now? He’s painting his fingernails. He thinks it . looks pretty on my nails, too. 'He’s simply smiling, when other boys (and it’s nearly always boys) want to make fun of him and says: "You only . don’t dare to wear skirts and dresses because your dads don’t dare to . either." That’s how broad his own shoulders have become by now. And all . thanks to daddy in a skirt.'
highlights: The little boy became embarrassed after being teased at nursery . Nils Pickert says he wants to be a role model for the five-year-old .
id: 50df54e018df4816fd2f9e873366f3d7b5fe5871
chatgpt: A five-year-old boy at a nursery in Germany became the recent recipient of some harsh teasing from his classmates. The little boy was dressed in a skirt and he was bullied for it. However, his situation now seems to have brightened up, thanks to a sincere gesture of support from Nils Pickert, a father of two and a writer who lives in Hamburg.  Pickert wrote a beautiful and heartfelt article in which he talks about his little adventures with his own son, who loves to wear dresses and skirts. He says that his son's favorite color is pink, and that he loves to be seen as a girl. Pickert understands that his son likes to challenge the conventional norms, and he fully supports him in his journey. When Pickert heard about the boy from the nursery, he immediately invited him to Hamburg to spend a day together with his son. The father wanted to show the little boy that he is not alone in his passion for dresses, and that there are adults who are there to support him.  "I want to be a role model for the little boy," Pickert explained. "I want to show him that there are men who can also wear skirts and dresses, and that it is okay to not follow the strict gender norms. I hope that my gesture will make the boy feel more confident in his own skin," the writer added.   Pickert's article went viral and it has become a symbol of hope for those who feel outcasted because of their nonconforming attitudes. His message was clear - it is important to be true to oneself, to follow one's interests and passions, regardless of gender norms.  The father of two also called for more understanding and tolerance from the society, and he urged people to accept diversity and differences in a more positive way. "We need to move beyond the binary distinction of male and female, and learn to appreciate the richness of human experiences," he wrote. Pickert's gesture of kindness might seem small, but it goes a long way in demonstrating the idea of compassion and understanding towards others. His support showed the little boy, and the world at large, that it is okay to be different, and that others will still accept, understand, and love you for who you are. In a world full of bullying and hatred, it is important to recognize kindness and compassion when we see it. Pickert's message has resonated around the world, and it is hopeful that more people will recognize the significance of diversity and inclusion, and will begin to accept others who are different from them.  In conclusion, Pickert's gesture of inviting the little boy to Hamburg was a small act of kindness that represented a significant move towards a more tolerant society. He demonstrated that it is not necessary to conform to the status quo of gender norms, and that everyone should be given space to express their individuality. As more people begin to accept others who are different, we can hopefully move towards a world that is more tolerant and compassionate to all.