article: Frankie Gavin plans to bring a world title to Birmingham after revealing the chance to fight in his hometown was key in his decision to join Eddie Hearn's Matchroom stable. Former world amateur champion Gavin was unveiled as Hearn's latest signing on Tuesday, joining fellow Brummies Kal and Gamal Yafai, Matthew Macklin and Sam Eggington in Hearn's stable. The 29-year-old welterweight, who has only boxed twice in the Second City in 22 professional fights so far, admitted the chance to win world honours in Birmingham was a deciding factor. Frankie Gavin stands in front of a Matchroom billboard at a press conference in Birmingham on Tuesday . Gavin (right) has joined Eddie Hearn's Matchroom stable and his first fight will be on Kell Brook's undercard . 'Birmingham was the inkling behind it as well as getting more fights,' he said. 'I'm from Birmingham and I should be fighting in Birmingham. Not just the midlands, Birmingham specifically. I should be fighting here.' Gavin, who parted company with previous promoter Frank Warren last week, added: 'I'm not a bad ticket seller and I believe I should be headlining bills. Birmingham-born Gavin (right) in action against Michael Lomax at York Hall, London . Eddie Hearn tweeted to welcome his new recruit to the Matchroom stable on Tuesday . 'I make my debut for Matchroom on Kell Brook's undercard in March and my second fight will be top of the bill in Birmingham in May. 'When Eddie mentioned Birmingham for my second fight I thought he meant just being on the card but actually I'm headlining it and that shows you the plans they have for me. 'I'll fight for the WBA intercontinental title in March to get my ranking even higher with that body then I'll fight for the European title in May. Once I've won that it's time to go for world titles.'
highlights: Frankie Gavin was unveiled as Eddie Hearn's latest signing on Tuesday . Birmingham-born Gavin now plans to bring a world title to his home town . Gavin admits that the chance to box in Birmingham swayed his decision . 'He will make his debut for Matchroom on Kell Brook's undercard in March .
id: ae50a34e971aa09fe53551855dbb1580e8d0d892
chatgpt: On Tuesday, Eddie Hearn, the British boxing promoter, announced that the latest addition to his Matchroom stable was Birmingham-born Frankie Gavin. The boxer, who has previously held the British and Commonwealth welterweight titles, is determined to bring a world title to his home town. Gavin, who has won 26 of his 29 fights, was convinced to sign with Matchroom after seeing the success of previous Matchroom fighters, particularly Amir Khan. Speaking about his decision to join Hearn's team, Gavin revealed that one of the main factors was the opportunity to fight in front of his home crowd. "I've been all over the world for fights, but nothing compares to boxing in front of your own fans. And now, with Matchroom, I have the opportunity to do just that," he said. Gavin's first fight under the Matchroom banner will take place on the Kell Brook undercard in March. He has yet to find out who his opponent will be, but is already relishing the opportunity to step back into the ring. "I can't wait to show everyone what I'm capable of. This is just the beginning. I'm here to win titles and I won't stop until I've achieved everything I set out to do," he said. Hearn is equally excited about the prospect of working with Gavin, who he believes has the potential to become a major player in the welterweight division. "Frankie is a hugely talented fighter and I'm delighted that he's decided to join Matchroom. I have no doubt that we can help him to achieve his ambitions and become a world champion," he said. Gavin's signing is the latest in a series of high-profile acquisitions for Matchroom, which has quickly established itself as one of the leading boxing promoters in the world. With the addition of Gavin to its roster, the company has strengthened its position further and looks set to continue its impressive growth over the coming years.