article: (CNN) -- Bastian Schweinsteiger rescued a point for Bayern Munich as the German Bundesliga leaders were held to a 1-1 draw by Cologne on Saturday. The Germany international grabbed an equalizer for Bayern in the 58th minute as Louis van Gaal's side missed the opportunity to increase their lead at the top of the table. Bayern had looked to be heading for their first defeat since November after former striker Lukas Podolski, who had earlier hit the post, gave Cologne the lead at the RheinEnergieStadion. Podolski struck a superb free-kick in the 32nd minute which deflected off goalkeeper Hans-Jorg Butt's hand and into the top-left corner of the net. But the impressive Thomas Mueller set up midfielder Schweinsteiger and he stroked the ball home from just inside the penalty area to secure a point for Bayern. Schalke are hot on the heels of the leaders after they cruised to a 4-1 win at Eintracht Frankfurt to close the gap to two points thanks to goals from Joel Matip, Benedikt Howedes Ivan Rakitic and Kevin Kuranyi. Marcell Jansen scored the only goal of the game to ensure Hamburg remain in touch with the top three as they claimed a 1-0 win over Hertha Berlin at the HSH Nordbank Arena which left Hertha rooted to the bottom of the table. Stuttgart threw away a two-goal lead as they drew 2-2 with Werder Bremen. Sami Khedira and Pavel Pogrebnyak gave the visitors a 2-0 half-time advantage but Portugal striker Hugo Almeida pulled a goal back for Bremen before Torsten Frings leveled with nine minutes remaining. Elsewhere, Wolfsburg scored four second-half goals as they came from behind to a record a 4-1 win over Bochum thanks to a brace from Edin Dzeko and a goal apiece from Obafemi Martins and Jonathan Santana. Hannover clinched a vital three points over fellow relegation strugglers Freiburg with a 2-1 away victory as Papiss Demba Cisse put through his own net for the home side after Yacine Abdessadki had equalized Elson's opener for the visitors. In the day's late kick-off Borussia Dortmund kept up the chase for the Europa League with a routine 3-0 home victory over Borussia Monchengladbach. Egypt international Mohamed Zidan, who scored against England during the week, struck twice in the second half after Kevin Grosskreutz had given Dortmund the lead.
highlights: Midfielder Bastian Schweinsteiger rescues a point for Bayern Munich at Cologne . Schalke are hot on the heels of Bayern after they cruised to a 4-1 win at Eintracht Frankfurt . Marcell Jansen scores the only goal of the game as Hamburg beat Hertha Berlin . Hannover clinch a vital three points over fellow relegation strugglers Freiburg with a 2-1 away win .
id: 8ff4e932c84ed30759427a128879f0af1c8a156a
chatgpt: Bayern Munich midfielder Bastian Schweinsteiger came to the rescue of his team as they managed to secure a point in their recent fixture against Cologne. The German midfielder scored a goal in the dying minutes of the match to ensure that Bayern did not drop any points in their quest for the Bundesliga title. The match was a closely contested affair, and Bayern had to come from behind to secure a draw. Cologne took the lead in the 63rd minute through Dominick Drexler, and it seemed as though Bayern were headed for a defeat. However, Schweinsteiger had other ideas and scored the equalizer in the 90th minute of the match. Bayern's main rivals for the Bundesliga title, Schalke, were also in action over the weekend. The Gelsenkirchen-based outfit cruised to a comfortable 4-1 victory over Eintracht Frankfurt to keep the pressure on Bayern at the top of the table. Goals from Embolo, Naldo, Burgstaller, and Harit secured the win for Schalke, who are now just two points behind Bayern in the league standings. Meanwhile, Hamburg managed to secure their first win of the season by beating Hertha Berlin 1-0 at home. Marcell Jansen scored the only goal of the game in the 74th minute to earn a vital three points for his team. However, despite the win, Hamburg remains rooted to the bottom of the table with just four points from ten matches. Another relegation six-pointer was played over the weekend as Hannover and Freiburg faced off against each other. Hannover managed to clinch a vital 2-1 victory over their fellow strugglers to move out of the relegation zone. Goals from Martin Harnik and Niclas Füllkrug secured the win for Hannover, while Freiburg's Nils Petersen scored a consolation goal in the dying minutes of the match. Overall, it was an exciting weekend of football in the Bundesliga, with plenty of twists and turns in the title race and the relegation battle. With just two points separating the top three teams in the league, the competition is heating up at the top of the table, while the battle to avoid the drop is also hotting up with sides like Hamburg, Cologne and Freiburg all in contention for relegation.