article: December holiday shoppers were not just interested in buying the hottest electronics and  toys -- they also were purchasing record numbers of guns, according to the latest FBI figures on background checks required to buy firearms. With a few days left in December, the FBI reports the number of background checks has already topped the previous one-month record -- set only in November -- of 1,534,414 inquiries by gun dealers to the National Instant Criminal Background Check System also known as NICS. Almost half a million checks were done in just the last six days before Christmas. Two days before Christmas, NICS ran 102,222 background checks, which was the second-busiest day in history. The one-day record was set this year on Black Friday, the big shopping day following Thanksgiving, with 129,166 searches.  By comparison, the previous one-day high was set November 28, 2008, when gun dealers made slightly less than 98,000 requests for background searches. It's not possible to tell exactly how many guns have been purchased because buyers often take home more than one gun.  But most people pass the background checks. Only 1.3% of the searches result in people being denied permission to buy a weapon, said FBI spokesman Steve Fischer. FBI officials did not offer a theory on the spike in gun sales. It's also not clear how many of the background checks were for people who never had owned guns before and how many were for gunowners adding to their collections. The National Rifle Association says the figures indicate more people feel they need guns for self defense. "I think there's an increased realization that when something bad occurs, it's going to be between them and the criminal," NRA spokesman Andrew Arulanandam told CNN.  Arulandandum said Americans realize police cannot be everywhere there's trouble and also that some officers are being laid off due to budget cutting. The NRA spokesman also said an increased number of Americans are participating in skeet shooting and other gun sports. A leading gun-control organization says repeat buyers most likely are responsible for the holiday surge in guns sales. "The research we've seen indicates fewer and fewer people are owning more and more guns," said Caroline Brewer of the Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence. "All the trends indicate the number of Americans who own guns has declined." "It would appear because of fear-mongering by the NRA since (President Barack) Obama's election that people are adding more guns to their arsenals out of fear Obama and the Democrats will take away their guns, which is absurd," said Brewer.
highlights: The one-month record for background checks was set in November -- over 1.5 million . December has already surpassed that record -- with a few days left in the month . The NRA says the figures indicate more people feel they need guns for self defense .
id: d0cc3788ed75574d614b5db13630aa481bb924d5
chatgpt: December is set to break the one-month record for background checks set in November. According to statistics released by the National Instant Criminal Background Check System, over 1.5 million background checks were conducted in November. However, December has already surpassed that record with a few days still remaining in the month. The National Rifle Association (NRA) says that the figures indicate that more people feel they need guns for self defense. "The increase in background checks shows that more Americans are exercising their Second Amendment rights and taking responsibility for their own safety and security," said the NRA in a statement. The spike in gun sales and background checks can be attributed to several factors. First, the holiday season is typically a busy time for gun sales as people purchase firearms as gifts for friends and family members. Additionally, the COVID-19 pandemic and civil unrest across the country have fueled fears of violence, prompting many people to purchase firearms for personal protection. The recent surge in gun sales and background checks is part of a larger trend. In 2020, a record-breaking 39.7 million background checks were conducted, surpassing the previous record of 28.4 million set in 2019. The increase in gun sales has also been fueled by the pandemic, civil unrest, and the presidential election. Gun control advocates have expressed concern about the spike in gun sales and background checks. They argue that more guns in circulation could lead to an increase in gun violence. According to the Giffords Law Center to Prevent Gun Violence, there were over 39,000 gun deaths in the United States in 2019. However, the NRA maintains that gun ownership is a constitutional right and that responsible gun ownership is key to preventing violent crime. "We support the rights of law-abiding citizens to own firearms for self-protection and hunting, and we will continue to fight to protect those rights," said the NRA in a statement. While it remains to be seen how the surge in gun sales will impact public safety, it is clear that more Americans than ever are choosing to exercise their right to bear arms. With the COVID-19 pandemic still raging, and civil unrest continuing across the country, it is likely that gun sales and background checks will remain high for the foreseeable future.