article: By . Peter Allen . PUBLISHED: . 08:47 EST, 28 February 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 12:18 EST, 28 February 2013 . Facing jail: Rama Yade is accused of using false addresses to get on the electoral list to become a councillor and faces up to three years in prison . The youngest ever black Muslim woman to become a French cabinet minister was today facing jail for electoral fraud. Rama Yade, who is still only 36, was due to appear at Nanterre Correctional Court charged with a range of forgery offences. She became a hugely glamorous symbol of ethnic diversity when, barely out of her 20s in 2007, President Nicolas Sarkozy made her Secretary of State for Human Rights. But today she was accused of using a business address and empty flat to get on to the electoral list to become a councillor at Colombes, the commuter town north west of Paris. Yade, who was born in Senegal, was actually brought up in a council flat in the impoverished suburb, but later moved out. According to the charge sheet, she offered the address of a commercial property to election organisers in December 2009, and then - in 2011 - falsely claimed to be living in a new apartment. There was an official investigation into her 'change of address' and the Electoral Commission found her new flat was actually an empty one. She now faces up to three years in prison and a fine equivalent to almost £40,000 for breaking electoral law and being ineligible for an election. Ms Yade also faces a further year in prison for making false official declarations. Rising political star: Rama Yade pictured with Nicolas Sarkozy and other women cabinet ministers in 2007 . Ms Yade insists that the first address was a legitimate one, and that the second flat was only empty because of 'water damage'. 'There was no intention to defraud,' said her lawyer, barrister Antonin Levy, who added that the charges were 'simply a way of exploiting justice' to prevent Ms Yade 'running in the municipal elections in 2014'. The initial prosecution against Ms Yade was initiated by Philip Sarre, the Socialist mayor of Colombes. He has always been a fierce opponent of the conservative Ms Yade, who was once a key ally of Mr Sarkozy. Accused: The former cabinet minister joined Prince Andrew for a Royal event at Windsor Castle in 2008 . Mr Sarkozy was frequently criticised for not doing enough for ethnic minorities, and was accused of championing young Muslim women like Ms Yade for cynical electoral purposes. She became Sports Minister for two years up until 2010, but ended up falling out with Mr Sarkozy. Last year she left his party, the UMP, and joined the Union of Democrats and Independents party of Jean-Louis Borloo, but failed to get elected as an MP. She is married to the Yiddish singer, Joseph Zimet, and is now working for a human resources firm in Paris.
highlights: Rama Yade is accused of using false addresses to get on the electoral list . The 36-year-old could be jailed for three years and fined nearly £40,000 . She also faces a further year in prison for making false official declarations . Ms Yade first became a minister when she was barely out of her 30s .
id: d353b91f2598c57876d0aa77b422a6e3f9cd3509
chatgpt: Former French minister Rama Yade faces the possibility of three years in jail and a fine of nearly £40,000 after being accused of using false addresses in a bid to secure a place on the electoral list. The 36-year-old, who made history in 2007 as the youngest ever minister in the French government, is also facing an additional year in prison if found guilty of making false official declarations. The allegations against Ms Yade date back to the 2014 local elections, when she was reportedly living in a rented apartment in Colombes, a town in the north-western suburbs of Paris. At the time, she was registered to vote in the nearby town of Puteaux, where she had previously lived.  Ms Yade has denied the allegations, insisting that she never intended to deceive anyone, and that her sole motive was to remain registered in Puteaux, where she had lived for many years. Her lawyers argue that she did not break any laws, and that the case against her is politically motivated. The former minister rose to prominence as a rising star in the French political scene in the mid-2000s, becoming a minister at the age of just 30. She served in several French government ministries, including as Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs and Human Rights, before losing her seat in the National Assembly in 2012. Ms Yade has been a controversial figure in French politics, with many in the country's political establishment criticizing her for her outspoken views on a range of issues, including immigration, race, and gender. She has been outspoken in her opposition to the wearing of the burqa and niqab in public spaces, and has been a vocal advocate for greater gender equality in politics and society. The case against Ms Yade has sparked heated debate in France, with many accusing the government of unfairly targeting a prominent political figure. Some have suggested that the charges against her are politically motivated, and that the government is using the case to silence a critic. Others, however, argue that Ms Yade should be held accountable for any wrongdoing, and that the case against her is a necessary reminder that no one is above the law. They argue that politicians, especially those in high office, have a responsibility to uphold the law and maintain the integrity of the electoral process. If found guilty, Ms Yade could face serious consequences, including a lengthy jail sentence and a substantial fine. Her case is being closely watched by political observers in France, who are eager to see how the country's legal system will respond to the allegations against her. Whatever the outcome of the case, it is clear that Ms Yade's political career has suffered a severe blow, with many in France now questioning her integrity and judgment. The former minister, who was once seen as a rising star in the country's political firmament, may now find herself effectively barred from holding public office for years to come.