article: Arsene Wenger believes the strong British core of his current Arsenal squad will ensure the team does not break-up. Having ended their trophy drought against today’s opponents Hull City in last year’s FA Cup final, there is a belief the Gunners can go on to emulate some of Wenger’s previously successful sides. Over the years Arsenal have begrudgingly allowed their top stars move to rival clubs; the likes of Cesc Fabregas, Bacary Sagna, Samir Nasri, Gael Clichy and Robin van Persie have all left the Emirates Stadium in recent seasons despite the Wenger’s attempts to keep them. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Arsene Wenger: We've been hit hard with injuries . Gunners full backs Calum Chambers and Kieran Gibbs train together on England duty . Danny Welbeck (back, second left), Chambers (back, right), Jack Wilshere (front, right) and Gibbs (front, second right) all started for England against San Marino last week . Speaking at the club’s Annual General Meeting on Thursday, Wenger spoke of his determination to ensure the club’s playing staff develop an emotional affiliation with Arsenal. Having been criticised over the years for a seeming reluctance to use British talent, Wenger has come full circle and now has seven key first-team members who are homegrown, including Jack Wilshere, Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain, Aaron Ramsey and Danny Welbeck. And Wenger is confident having a strong homegrown contingent will make it easier to ensure his current group doesn’t disband like previous squads. Arsene Wenger says English players find it easier to stay loyal to the club if rivals try to sign them . Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain (left) and Welbeck are two key members of Wenger's young English contingent . Theo Walcott made his return to football after nine months out for Arsenal's U21s on Friday night . ‘Are English players more loyal? It’s easier for them,’ said the Frenchman. ‘When you buy a player from Barcelona at some stage he might want to go back to Barcelona because Barcelona is a big club as well. ‘A guy who is English, who is from London and plays for Arsenal, why should he go? ‘But we had loyalty from people like [Thierry] Henry and [Patrick] Vieira, too. ‘They had a lot of success here. They were respected here and respected the values here. They live in London - that is also a special attraction.’ Arsenal have failed to hold on to the likes of Cesc Fabregas and Samir Nasri in recent years . Five Arsenal players - Wilshere, Welbeck, Oxlade-Chamberlain, Kieran Gibbs and Calum Chambers - played for England in the European Championship qualifier against Estonia on Sunday. And Wenger added: ‘I am very proud of that because for years I have been accused of not developing English players. ‘It shows you, when they are good, they play. In a good class you become better. That shows the good players will learn.’
highlights: Arsenal provided five players for England against Estonia this week . Wenger hopes this generation will be more inclined to stay at club . Previous young Arsenal stars including Cesc Fabregas and Samir Nasri have left to join rivals in recent years .
id: 82afba38f24dc8c12ded99b5b9b7704505f63d90
chatgpt: Arsenal provided five of their players to the England squad for their match against Estonia this week, a testament to the Gunners' youth development program. Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has been keen to develop young English talent in recent years, and the fact that five Arsenal players made it into the England squad against Estonia suggests that this policy is starting to bear fruit. However, Wenger is also aware that a lot of young Arsenal players have left the club to join rivals in recent years, with the likes of Cesc Fabregas and Samir Nasri leaving for clubs such as Barcelona and Manchester City respectively. In light of this, the Frenchman is hoping that the current crop of young Arsenal stars will be more inclined to stay at the club. Speaking before the Estonia match, Wenger said: "I hope this generation will be more inclined to stay at the club. It's important that we develop young English talent, but it's equally important that we keep hold of them." He added that he believes Arsenal is now in a position to compete with the likes of the aforementioned clubs in terms of financial muscle. Wenger's hopes for a future filled with Arsenal's promising young players may not be entirely unfounded, as some of the players that played for England against Estonia this week are already showing signs of becoming first-team regulars at the Emirates Stadium. Kieran Gibbs, who started at left-back for England, has already made over 80 appearances for Arsenal, and is becoming an important player for the club. Calum Chambers, another Arsenal player who made it into the England squad against Estonia, has also already made over 20 appearances for the Gunners, and has impressed many with his versatility and composure on the ball. He was even called up to the England squad for the World Cup in Brazil despite not being a regular starter for Arsenal at the time. Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain, Theo Walcott and Jack Wilshere are also no strangers to the Arsenal first team, and all three have been touted as future stars for both club and country. If Wenger's vision of a future filled with young, home-grown talent were to come to fruition, these three players would likely play a key role. However, despite the promising signs from this crop of young Arsenal players, history has shown that the temptation to join rival clubs can often be irresistible for young players, particularly those with the talent to play at the highest level. Arsenal will have to work hard to keep their young stars at the club, and Wenger will need to continue to develop talented players in order to replace those that inevitably leave. With this in mind, it seems that the current crop of Arsenal's promising young players represents a crucial juncture for the club. If they can be persuaded to stay and develop their careers at the Emirates Stadium, Arsenal could be set for a bright future. However, if they choose to leave for greener pastures, the club could face an uphill battle to maintain its position among the elite of English football. The coming months and years will likely determine which future lies in store for Arsenal and its young stars.