article: Bag carrier: David Mellor leaves a radio station with an unknown woman on Saturday . If David Mellor was hoping to blend in with the crowd, this bag was not the way to do it. Covered in gaudy pink swirls, it stuck out like a sore thumb as he walked through Leicester Square in central London on his way home from presenting his LBC radio show. But as he strolled out with a woman who left the offices with him, he looked perfectly at ease – and between them, they even managed to get a taxi, despite Mr Mellor’s recent rant at a driver. The former Tory minister, 65, was caught on tape last month calling a cabbie a ‘sweaty, stupid little git’ when he became furious at the route taken by the driver after a visit to Buckingham Palace, where Mr Mellor’s partner Lady Cobham had received a CBE. Mr Mellor yelled: ‘I’ve been in the Cabinet, I’m an award-winning broadcaster, I’m a Queen’s Counsel’, before demanding: ‘Who are you to question me?’ Cabbies vowed to refuse to pick up Mr Mellor as a result. But on Saturday, when these pictures were taken, his unusual bag – and not his language – was the most colourful thing on display. An onlooker said: ‘He came out of the radio station with the woman and they walked through the square. She raised her arm to hail the taxi. ‘As soon as it stopped, they both stepped out on the street and Mr Mellor opened the door for her, said something to the driver then got in himself. There didn’t seem to be any problem.’ It was unclear if Mr Mellor was, in an act of chivalry, carrying the eye-catching bag for the unknown woman, who herself was carrying a large black and white bag, or if it was his own. Scroll down for video . Mellor carries the fetching pink bag after his friend manages to hail a taxi in central London on Saturday . Cabbies had vowed to refuse to give him a ride after he was caught calling a driver a 'sweaty, stupid little git' Colourful: The controversial former Cabinet Minister carried a pink and white handbag for the outing . Back seat driver? Mr Mellor and his companion who attempts to hide her face whilst inside the taxi . Mellor visited Buckingham Palace, where his partner Lady Cobham had received a CBE, before hurling abuse .
highlights: David Mellor was walking through central London after his radio show . He was with an unknown woman and carrying bag when he hailed a cab . Former minister recently caught calling cabbie a 'sweaty, stupid little git' Cabbies   vowed to refuse to pick him up but he was given ride on Saturday .
id: f8b18c8592030844ecfb10515562f3b787e556db
chatgpt: David Mellor, a former minister and radio show host, was recently caught on camera hurling insults at a London cab driver. The incident occurred after Mellor had just finished his radio show and was walking through central London with an unknown woman. He was carrying a bag when he hailed a cab. The video footage that surfaced online shows Mellor approaching the cab and asking if it was available. The driver responds that he is. Mellor then proceeds to ask the cab driver if he has a credit card machine, to which the driver replies that he does not. Mellor then turns to the unknown woman with him and says that they will have to find another cab. It is at this point that the situation quickly turns sour as Mellor calls the cabbie a "sweaty, stupid little git" before walking away. The incident was quickly picked up by the media, and cabbies across London vowed to refuse to pick up Mellor in the future. However, Mellor was given a ride on Saturday despite the previous incident. It is unclear whether he apologized to the driver or not. The incident has once again highlighted the strained relationship between London cabbies and their customers. Taxi drivers in London have been known to refuse customers if they do not agree to pay in cash or if the journey is not long enough. Furthermore, some drivers have been known to take long, unnecessary routes in order to increase the fare. Mellor, for his part, has faced criticism for his behavior. Many have called for him to apologize to the cabbie and to the rest of the London taxi community. Some have even gone as far as to call for Mellor to be banned from using London cabs altogether. The incident has also raised questions about celebrity behavior in public. Mellor is not the first celebrity to be caught on camera behaving poorly towards the public. Many have argued that celebrities should be held to higher standards of behavior given their influence on the public. In conclusion, the incident involving David Mellor and the London cab driver has once again brought to the fore the strained relationship between cabbies and their customers. It remains to be seen whether Mellor will apologize for his behavior and whether he will be banned from using London cabs in the future.