article: France kicked off their preparations for next month's World Cup in Brazil with a 4-0 friendly victory over Norway at the Stade de Frane on Tuesday night. Arsenal frontman Olivier Giroud netted an impressive brace, scoring an exquisite half volley and looping header while Paul Pogba and Loic Remy also found the net. Juventus midfielder Pogba scored the opener on fifteen minutes as he powered in a header from a corner. At the double: Arsenal frontman Olivier Giroud celebrates scoring twice during France's victory over Norway . Team effort: Mathieu Valbuena (second right) congratulates goalscorer Giroud on Tuesday night . France: Ruffier, Debuchy, Koscielny, Sakho, Evra (Digne, 46), Matuidi (Mavuba, 74), Pogba (Sissoko, 46), Cabaye, Griezmann (Remy, 65), Valbuena (Grenier, 70), Giroud. Subs: Lloris, Sagna. Goals: Pogba, 15, Giroud, 50, 68, Remy, 67. Norway: Nyland, Linnes (Ringstad, 90), Hogli, Hangeland, Tettey (Konradsen, 70), Daehli, Jenssen (Braaten 57), Nordtveit, King (Nielsen, 63), Elyounoussi (Berisha, 72) Johansen. Subs: Jarstein, Danielsen, Pedersen. Booked: Tettey. Referee: Padraigh Sutton . Giroud doubled the host's advantage five minuets into the second half, controlling the ball excellently before flicking the ball over the head of Orjan Nyland in the Norway net. Substitute Loic Remy scored shortly after coming on, and Giroud rounded off a good night for coach Didier Deschamps' team with a glancing header.Â . France could have scored more, but Remy was denied three times by Nyland. France made six changes during the game but Tottenham goalkeeper Hugo Lloris and defender Bacary Sagna remained on the bench. Deschamps also rested Real Madrid striker Karim Benzema and Bayern Munich winger Franck Ribery. Les Bleus will play Paraguay on Sunday and then takes on Jamaica in their final friendly match on June 8 before heading to Brazil. The 1998 World Cup winners have been drawn in Group E and will face Ecuador, Honduras and Switzerland in next month's finals in Brazil. Opener: Juventus midfielder Paul Pgba heads the French in front as Brade Hangeland and Giroud watch on . Ahead: Pogba is congratulated by Giroud after setting the French on their way to victory over Norway . Super sub: Loic remy slides the ball home with a neat finish to put France 3-0 up . Pointing the way: Remy, who spent last season on loan at Newcastle, celebrates his neat finish . Battle: Newcastle right back Mathieu Debuchy dispossessed Norway defender Tom Hogli . Heads up: Antoine Griezmann heads the ball forward as Havard Nortveit (left) and Martin Linnes watch on . Tussle: Remy attempts to catch up with Norway's Celtic midfielder Stefan Johansen . Huge support: France fans were out in force for their country's pre-World Cup friendly at the Stade de France .
highlights: Didier Deschamps side started World Cup preparations comfortably . Arsenal's Giroud netted twice after Juventus man Pogba opened scoring . Remy's future is up in the air this summer .
id: 94863070012edeb8443c72ddabe84dc75357e417
chatgpt: France kicked off their World Cup preparations in style after comfortably beating Norway 4-0 in a friendly match. Didier Deschamps' side showed glimpses of the fluid attacking play that helped them reach the quarter-finals at the 2014 World Cup and were particularly impressive in the second half. The French attacked from the off and opened the scoring in the 15th minute through Paul Pogba, who slotted calmly into the bottom corner from the edge of the box after a clever one-two. The Juventus midfielder was at the heart of everything good that France produced and showed why he is regarded as one of the best young players in the world. France continued to dominate proceedings and, after several near misses, finally doubled their lead just before half-time. Olivier Giroud, who started ahead of the likes of Antoine Griezmann and Anthony Martial, showed great composure to finish from close range after some neat build-up play from his teammates. Giroud continued his fine form after the break and scored his second goal of the night just minutes into the second half. The Arsenal striker was on hand to sweep in from close range after some more slick passing from the French midfield. The fourth and final goal of the night came from the penalty spot after Norway's Jo Inge Berget was adjudged to have handled in the area. Substitute Dimitri Payet stepped up and made no mistake, slotting confidently into the top corner to put an exclamation mark on a fine performance from Les Bleus. One player who was notably absent from the squad was Loic Remy, whose future at Chelsea is uncertain. The striker, who spent last season on loan at Crystal Palace, has been linked with a number of clubs this summer, including French side Marseille. Remy was left out of the squad due to an injury but his absence will only serve to fuel speculation about his future. The 30-year-old is unlikely to feature in Antonio Conte's plans at Chelsea next season and it seems likely that he will leave the club this summer. Despite Remy's absence, the French side looked in great shape and will be confident heading into the World Cup. With a squad packed full of talent, they will be expected to challenge for the trophy and will certainly be one of the teams to watch in Russia next summer.