article: It’s the equivalent of three Big Macs, will take at least two hours to burn off and at 1,500 calories, has almost the entire recommended daily calorie intake for women. The Gut Buster burger has fried bacon, cheese and a beef patty stuffed between two original glazed Krispy Kreme doughnuts. Medical experts have said it is a ‘heart attack’ waiting to happen… and even its inventor called it unhealthy. Scroll down for video . The Gut Buster: Fried bacon, cheese and a beef patty between two original glazed Krispy Kreme doughnuts . The fatty creation is the brainchild of restaurateur Johnny Wong, owner of Johnny’s Burger Joint, Canning Vale, Perth, Australia. Mr Wong posted pictures of the burger on the diner’s Facebook page. The grotesque snack has the dubious honour of being crowned the ‘most unhealthy burger in the city.’ His restaurant also serves the 12-spoon-chilli-topped Demon’s Revenge and the Burgerzilla - a breakfast, lunch and dinner monster burger that has five meat patties and six slices of cheese. The 22-year-old described the burger to Australia's 9 News reporter Oliver Peterson as a ‘magnificent piece of art’. Customers at the fast food joint have already sampled the Gut Buster, claiming that it 'tastes better than it looks.' The fatty creation is the brainchild of Johnny Wong, owner of Johnny’s Burger Joint, Perth, Australia . According to 9 News, Mr Wong was inspired by the burgers he saw when he was at a fast food fair in the US. But Dr Michael Gannon from the Australian Medical Association was unimpressed. ‘This is a heart attack waiting to happen. Food vendors have a responsibility to sell responsible products,’ he said to 9 News. And even Mr Wong agrees. 'I’m not planning to put it on the menu for long as it’s not that healthy,' he said.
highlights: Creation the brainchild of Johnny Wong who owns Johnny's Burger Joint . Fried bacon, cheese and beef patty wodged between glazed doughnuts . Doctors say it is a 'heart attack waiting to happen'
id: 12f0fe19dc4fc769d56bcf68dc0dfb1e09094eb8
chatgpt: Johnny Wong, the owner of Johnny's Burger Joint, has created a new dish that is bound to have foodies salivating while health experts cringe. The dish in question? A bacon, cheese, and beef patty wedged between two glazed doughnuts. The creation has been labeled a "heart attack waiting to happen" by doctors due to its high fat and sugar content. Despite this, Johnny's Burger Joint has seen a surge in customers eager to try this unique creation. When asked about the inspiration behind the dish, Wong explained that he wanted to do something different and push the boundaries of what a burger can be. "I was tinkering around in the kitchen and thought, why not try something sweet with something savory?" he said. The response has been both positive and negative. Some customers rave about the taste and the novelty factor, while others express concern for their health and well-being. One customer, Linda Walker, who tried the burger, said, "I thought it was amazing. The flavor combination was unexpected but really worked together. I would definitely have it again." On the other hand, health experts are warning against the dangers of consuming this type of high-fat, high-sugar food on a regular basis. Dr. Elizabeth Lee, a nutritionist, says, "This type of food is not only high in calories, but also lacks essential nutrients. Regular consumption can lead to obesity and other health problems." Despite the criticism, Johnny's Burger Joint continues to offer their unique creation on the menu. For those willing to take the risk, it may be worth the experience. For others, it may be best to stick to a more traditional burger.