article: Watford were denied the chance to go top of the Sky Bet Championship table but Brighton's late equaliser means they have to settle for second place. Daniel Tozser's goal gave appeared to have given them a slender win at Vicarage Road but Lewis Dunk popped up to score the equaliser with ten minutes remaining. At the other end of the table, Bolton lost again despite having a man advantage. Yann Kermorgant was shown a straight red card in the first half but a brace from Callum Wilson ensured a 2-1 win for Bournemouth. Jay Spearing scored  for Bolton. Watford's Daniel Tozser celebrates after scoring the opening goal of the game against Brighton . Giuseppe Bellusci celebrates after his second-half strike draws Leeds level with Sheffield Wednesday . Leeds defender Giuseppe Bellusci rescued a  point for his side with a deserved late equaliser in a 1-1 draw against Yorkshire derby rivals Sheffield Wednesday. The Italian centre-half applied a striker's finish when he steered home a bouncing ball in the 79th minute to cancel out Chris Maguire's effort earlier in the second half. Wolves and Wigan played out an entertaining draw at Molineux. Dave Edwards opened the scoring for the hosts before goals from James Perch and Marc-Antoine Fortune put the visitors back in front. Their lead didn't last though as Bakary Sako second-half strike earned a point for Wolves. Wolves and Wigan battled it out in an entertaining match at Molineux . Igor Vetokele and the Charlton team celebrate after taking the lead against Birmingham at The Valley . Charlton drew 1-1 with Birmingham at The Valley. Igor Vetokele gave scored after just 11 minutes but shortly after half time David Davis levelled the scores and neither team found a winner. Brentford completed an impressive victory at home to Reading. Jose Peleteiro and Alex Pritchard ensured the hosts went into the break with a two goal advantage before Simon Cox pulled one back early in the second half. Any hopes of an equaliser were quashed, though, when Jonathan Douglas scored Brentford's third with less than ten minutes to go. Simon Cox pulled a goal back for Reading in the second half but Jonathan Douglas put the game to bed . Middlesbrough's Ryan Fredricks clashes with Fulham's Spanish defender Fernando Amorebieta . Middlesbrough made light work of the new-look Fulham. Goals from Adam Reach and Albert Adomah gave the hosts a comfortable 2-0 win. Blackburn and Chris Powell's Huddersfield played out a goalless draw after Jordan Rhodes missed a second-half penalty. Similarly, Derby and Millwall also failed to find the net as they shared the points at Pride Park.
highlights: Watford go second in Championship after drawing with Brighton . Leeds draw 1-1 with Yorkshire rivals Sheffield Wednesday . Wolves and Wigan play out entertaining 2-2 draw . Brentford beat Reading and Middlesbrough beat Fulham . 10-man Bournemouth beat Bolton .
id: 31621f5eb16e600dc597990f34d2437fcebbc0ac
chatgpt: Watford cemented their position as one of the teams to watch in the Championship this season after climbing to second in the league standings. They secured a hard-fought draw against Brighton, who are also playing impressively this season, in front of the Vicarage Road faithful. The match was a competitive and evenly matched affair, with neither side able to really take control of proceedings. Leeds United and Sheffield Wednesday played out a thrilling 1-1 draw in a Yorkshire derby that offered plenty of excitement. Leeds took the lead early on and looked to be in command of the match, but Wednesday were not to be denied and equalized through a well-taken goal. Both sides will be content with the result, but Leeds will be ruing their inability to hold onto their lead. Wolves and Wigan produced an entertaining match that ended in a 2-2 draw. Wolves were the better side for long periods of the match and took the lead, but Wigan was stubborn and refused to go down without a fight. They equalized twice, and the match ended in a deserved share of the spoils. Brentford beat Reading in a match that showcased their attacking prowess, with the team dominating most of the match. They took the lead fairly early on and never looked back, scoring twice more to put the game beyond doubt. Reading, for their part, looked to be out of sorts and struggled to create any meaningful chances. Middlesbrough also got a much-needed win over Fulham by a 1-0 scoreline, with the team finally starting to show the kind of form that saw them gain promotion a few seasons ago. The match was evenly contested, but Middlesbrough was able to get the all-important goal, thanks to some clinical finishing in front of goal. Bournemouth managed to seal an incredible 1-0 win over Bolton despite playing most of the match with 10 men. Despite being a man down, Bournemouth never looked out of sorts and was able to score a crucial goal to take all three points. Bolton was unable to find an equalizer and will be ruing some of their missed opportunities. Overall, it was a fascinating weekend of football in the Championship, and the league is shaping up to be an incredibly competitive and entertaining one. With so many teams battling it out at the top of the table, there is no telling who will come out on top in the end. Fans will be eagerly looking forward to the next round of fixtures, where anything will be possible.