article: A 21-year-old woman who was seven months pregnant was killed on Sunday in a drive-by shooting in Miami, but doctors still managed to deliver her baby before she passed away. The child, a little boy, remains in a critical condition. Police have identified the victim as Quelecia James, of Miami Gardens, who was a passenger in a car that was travelling northbound on Northwest 32nd Avenue about 2pm. A second car drove up alongside the vehicle that was carrying James - who has a four-year-old daughter - and its passenger began shooting, according to CBS Miami. The driver, who was not injured and whose name has not been released, quickly pulled into the driveway of a nearby home at 18131 NW 32nd Ave. Scroll down for video . Killed: Qualecia James, 21, a mother with a four-year-old daughter who was seven months pregnant, died following a drive-by shooting in Miami on Sunday. Her baby, a son, has survived . Riddled: The car the young mother was traveling was shot several times, police said. She was a passenger and died in hospital . Scene: The daylight drive-by occured on Sunday afternoon around 2pm on Northwest 32nd Avenue in Miami Gardens . He called police and James was airlifted to Jackson Memorial Hospital in an extremely critical condition. As doctors worked on saving her, they managed to deliver her child, who was born two months early. James did not survive. 'It hurts me so bad my daughter gone, she gone,' her father, Leroy James, told CBS. 'I know everybody got to go one day, but why today? I will never figure out that answer.' 'The last thing we always tell each other ‘I love you’ and that’s the last thing she said to me and the last thing I said to her ‘I love you’.' Qualecia James' son was delivered two months early and has survived, but is critical. She died from gunshot wounds . Grief-stricken: The victim's father, Leroy James, said the last things he said to his daughter was 'I love you' Police say they are actively interviewing people in the area to try and identify the shooter and the car they were in . No arrests had been made, but officials maintain they are investigating. 'We are actively searching for any witnesses who will be able to help us out in this horrific incident,' said Mike Wright, spokesman for the Miami Gardens Police Department. 'We need our neighbors to come together and start actually piecing the puzzle together. It’s a very sad situation.' Mr James said he feels confident the person responsible will be caught. 'All I got to say to the people who done this: Run forever and a day, you will get caught,' he said. 'My advice for [the shooter’s] family is to turn them in. Somebody got to pay for this. She didn’t ask for this.' Qualeica James seen in a Facebook photo here with her four-year-old daughter .
highlights: Qualecia James, 21, was seven months pregnant and had a four-year-old daughter . She was the passenger of a car driving in Miami Gardens on Sunday about 2pm . The car came under fire from a second vehicle and was riddled with bullets . The driver was not injured but James died in hospital . Doctors managed to deliver her baby, a boy, two months early, but he remains critical .
id: 97282e70d04957ad609240c15d192dc5bec048e8
chatgpt: Tragedy struck in Miami Gardens on Sunday as a young mother-to-be was fatally shot while riding in a car. Qualecia James, just 21 years old and seven months pregnant, was a passenger in the vehicle, which was fired upon by another car around 2pm. James, who had a four-year-old daughter, was rushed to the hospital but succumbed to her injuries. Doctors were able to deliver her baby, a boy, prematurely, but he remains in critical condition. The driver of the car James was in was not injured in the shooting, which left the vehicle riddled with bullets. Police are still searching for the shooter and the vehicle involved. Family and friends of James are left in shock at the tragic turn of events. A GoFundMe page has been set up to help cover funeral expenses and support James' family during this difficult time. Miami Gardens Mayor Rodney Harris expressed his condolences to James' loved ones and urged anyone with information about the shooting to come forward. "Our community is heartbroken by this senseless act of violence," Harris said. "We will not rest until the person responsible is brought to justice." This incident is just the latest in a string of violent incidents in Miami Gardens this year. According to data from the Miami-Dade Police Department, there have been 47 reported shootings in the city since January. Local officials and community leaders are calling for action to address the issue of gun violence in Miami Gardens and throughout the region. Programs aimed at empowering youth and reducing gang activity have been proposed, but the root causes of violence are complex and challenging to address. As for James' family, they are focused on caring for her newborn son and remembering the young woman they lost too soon. "She was a light in our lives," James' sister, LaToya, said. "She had so much joy and love to give. It's devastating that she won't be here to watch her children grow up." The investigation into the shooting is ongoing, and anyone with information is urged to contact the Miami-Dade Police Department. In the meantime, the community is mourning the loss of a young mother and praying for the survival of her baby boy.