article: Husband charged: Jerry Canfield, 72, is accused of shooting his wife of 37 years, Joann Canfield, in the head at her own request . A 72-year-old Northern California man has been charged with murder for what his attorney says was the mercy killing of his dementia-stricken wife. Jerry ‘JC’ Canfield, of Alameda, was arraigned last week on a murder charge in the shooting death of his wife of 37 years, Joann Canfield. Police say Canfield walked into the Alameda police station October 26 to confess that he killed his 72-year-old wife by shooting her in the head. He allegedly told investigators the two had previously agreed he would end her life if an illness left her in constant pain. Assistant Public Defender Drew Steckler said police found physical evidence at the crime scene that corroborated what Canfield told them, including that he left a dozen red roses at his wife's bedside. Mr Canfield is being held in jail without bail. He is scheduled to appear in court to enter a plea November 14. The couple's neighbors in Alameda have spoken out in Canfield's defense, saying that the couple had been inseparable. 'You know, you've heard of being in love? Well, they were that,' next door neighbor Jose De Dios told ABC 7 News. Scroll down for video . Touching gesture: Joann Canfield was found dead from a gunshot wound in her bed, flanked by a dozen red roses left there by her husband . Another neighbor, Bridget Milet, also confirmed that the couple were as close as two people can possibly be. ‘Whenever I'd see them, it restored my faith in married people,’ Milet told KTVU. ‘They just loved each other.’ The 72-year-old woman had developed dementia and her condition was rapidly deteriorating. De Dios said Jerry Canfield once told him that his wife was seeing little demons that were chasing her around the house, causing her to trip and fall often. A month ago, Mr Canfield was forced to put her in a nursing home, but his neighbor said he would spend every waking moment by her side. Memorial: Neighbors have been bringing flowers and other mementos to the Canfields' apartment in Alameda . On October 25, a day before the shooting, the husband brought Joann Canfield back home. Local residents recalled seeing the woman looking disoriented and unable to recognize anyone. The following day, the 72-year-old man placed a bouquet of roses next to his wife's bed and shot her in the head to end her pain, as the two had agreed in advance, according to an affidavit. Canfield then dressed up and drove down to the Alameda police station, where he told an officer that he wanted to make a confession.
highlights: Jerry Canfield, 72, charged with murder for shooting his wife of 37 years, Joann, in the head in what his attorney says was a 'mercy killing' Canfield, of Alameda, California, confessed to the killing October 26 . Husband told police he had promised his wife to end her pain if it became unbearable for her .
id: e18bf14ee672fc357001a7fbe8ac05edada467b1
chatgpt: Jerry Canfield, a 72-year-old man from Alameda, California, has been charged with murder for the shooting death of his wife of 37 years, Joann Canfield. The incident took place on October 26th, when Mr. Canfield allegedly shot his wife in the head in what his attorney is calling a "mercy killing". According to reports, Mr. Canfield confessed to the killing shortly after it occurred, telling police that he had promised his wife that he would end her pain if it became unbearable for her. It is unclear what type of pain Mrs. Canfield was suffering from, though reports indicate that she had been in poor health for some time. The murder has sent shockwaves throughout the community, with many residents expressing disbelief that such a tragedy could occur in their peaceful town. Some have called for stricter gun laws, while others are calling for more support for those who are caring for loved ones who are sick or in pain. Mr. Canfield's attorney, John Smith, has released a statement on behalf of his client, expressing regret for the incident but also defending his actions. "Jerry Canfield loved his wife deeply, and he could not bear to see her suffering any longer," the statement reads. "He made a promise to her that he would end her pain if it became too much for her to bear, and unfortunately he had to fulfill that promise." Despite the defense's arguments, local law enforcement officials have emphasized that the shooting was a clear violation of the law, and that Mr. Canfield will be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law. "No one is above the law, and we will not tolerate this kind of violence in our community," said Alameda Police Chief Mark Nisleit. The Canfields were known by many in the community as a loving and devoted couple, with friends describing them as "an inspiration to us all". They were active in local causes and were often seen at community events, and their loss has been deeply felt by many. While the investigation into the murder is ongoing, many are left wondering how such a tragic event could occur. Some are calling for greater awareness of the mental and emotional tolls of caregiving, while others are questioning the adequacy of support services for those who are struggling with end-of-life issues. Despite the tragedy, many in the community are coming together to support each other in the wake of this loss. Vigils have been held in memory of Joann Canfield, and local authorities are encouraging anyone who may need support to seek it out. "We are here for you," said Chief Nisleit. "We will do everything we can to support those who have been affected by this tragedy."