article: The National Football League's new domestic violence policy will be tested just three days after it was implemented by Commissioner Roger Goodell. San Jose, California, police arrested the San Francisco 49ers' starting defensive end Ray McDonald on Sunday on felony domestic violence charges. Police say they responded at 2:48 a.m. to a reported incident, and after "the domestic violence allegation was substantiated," they took the 6-foot-3, 290 pound lineman into custody and booked him. CNN affiliate KTVU reports that several of McDonald's 49er teammates were at his house at the time of the arrest. "The 49ers organization is aware of the recent reports regarding Ray McDonald and we take such matters seriously. As we continue to gather the facts, we will reserve further comment," team General Manager Trent Baalke said in a statement. After he posted bail and was released from jail later Sunday, McDonald told KTVU he couldn't say much about what happened. "The truth will come out," he said. "Everybody knows what kind of person I am....a good-hearted person." This isn't McDonald's first brush with the law, according to KTVU. The station says in 2010, McDonald was arrested for an outstanding warrant  stemming from a DUI arrest. Goodell announced on Thursday that the league was instituting a six-game unpaid ban for personnel who violate the league's policy on domestic violence. A second domestic violence incident would be punished by a lifetime ban from the league, Goodell said in a letter and memo to the owners of the league's 32 teams. The NFL had endured relentless criticism after only suspending Baltimore Ravens running back Ray Rice for two games, several months after video showed Rice dragging his unconscious fiancee -- whom he later married -- from an elevator. Without referring to Rice by name, Goodell acknowledged in his letter that he made the wrong decision in that case. "I didn't get it right. Simply put, we have to do better. And we will," he wrote. The NFL Players Association responded on Thursday to Goodell's enhanced penalties . "We were informed [Thursday] of the NFL's decision to increase penalties on domestic violence offenders under the Personal Conduct Policy for all NFL employees. As we do in all disciplinary matters, if we believe that players' due process rights are infringed upon during the course of discipline, we will assert and defend our members' rights," said the association's statement. McDonald, 29, is expected to play a key role in the 49ers defense this coming season. The team has already lost outside linebacker Aldon Smith, arguably its best defensive player, to a nine-game suspension for violating the NFL's substance abuse and personal conduct policies. McDonald has played almost all of the 49ers' games since 2008. He was drafted out of the University of Florida in 2007.
highlights: "The truth will come out," Ray McDonald tells CNN affiliate KTVU . The 49ers' defensive lineman was arrested on domestic violence charges . The team says it is taking the matter seriously . NFL increased standard punishments for domestic violence on Thursday .
id: 14e3b796cce30cbd7cdae63ccf3b690d1eea23b2
chatgpt: San Francisco 49ers defensive lineman, Ray McDonald, who was arrested earlier this week on domestic violence charges, has spoken out regarding the accusations, insisting that the truth will come out. McDonald was arrested on Sunday morning at his home in San Jose, after an alleged altercation with his girlfriend.  Following the arrest, the 49ers issued a statement saying that they take the issue of domestic violence very seriously, and that they were gathering information about the situation. In their statement, the team made it clear that they expect all of their employees to uphold their high standards, and that McDonald's behaviour, if proven true, does not meet those standards.  The day after McDonald's arrest, the NFL announced that it was increasing its standard punishment for players found guilty of domestic violence. Commissioner Roger Goodell sent a memo to all team owners and executives outlining the changes, saying that the league has a responsibility to do more to protect its players and their families.  Under the new policy, players who are found guilty of domestic violence will receive a six-game suspension for their first offense, and a lifetime ban for their second offense. Previously, the penalty for a first offense was only two games. The NFL Players Association has already expressed concerns about the new policy, saying that it was not consulted before the announcement was made.  McDonald, who is due to appear in court on September 15th, has maintained his innocence and has spoken out about the accusations. In an interview with CNN affiliate KTVU, McDonald said that he was confident that the truth would come out in court. He insisted that he had done nothing wrong, and that he was looking forward to having his day in court.  The 49ers are taking the allegations seriously, and have said that they will cooperate fully with any investigation. The team is no stranger to controversy surrounding domestic violence, having recently faced criticism over their handling of the situation involving former player, Ray Rice. The 49ers cut ties with defensive tackle, Ray McDonald's former teammate, Aldon Smith, after he was arrested for the third time on suspicion of DUI.  Many are concerned about the prevalence of domestic violence in the NFL, and are calling for stricter punishments for players who engage in such behavior. Some believe that the league's new policy is a step in the right direction, but others feel that it does not go far enough. Critics say that a six-game suspension is still not enough of a deterrent, and that the NFL should consider banning players for an entire season, or even for life.  Regardless of the outcome of McDonald's case, it is clear that the issue of domestic violence in the NFL is not going away anytime soon. The league and its teams must do more to address the problem and to protect its players and their families. While the increased punishment for domestic violence is a step forward, it is only one of many necessary steps towards ensuring that the game is safe and free from violence both on and off the field.