article: Six months ago, the finish line of the Boston Marathon was a scene of smoke, blood and death. On Saturday, tragedy became triumph when the victory parade of the World Series champions Boston Red Sox crossed the same line surrounded by crowds, which were expected to reach 1 million people over the entire celebration route. What the Red Sox mean to Boston . In a crowning moment, Red Sox player Jonny Gomes rested the World Series trophy on the finish line, draped with a team jersey whose back declared "Boston Strong 617," the slogan created to overcome April's terror attacks. Led by an announcer, the team and crowd sang "God Bless America" at the line, which remains painted on the street. The championship parade marked the restoration of a city's soul, darkened during bombings that killed three people and wounded more than 260 others who gathered last spring to watch the marathon near the finish line. But on Saturday, the pall cast over that line was vanquished. A great American city found its spirit returned. And it rejoiced. See the parade's best moments . "The last time I was standing on the streets of Boston was the day of the marathon, and I'd just like to say thank you to the Red Sox for bringing all these people back to the streets for something so great to celebrate," said parade attendee Laurie Delaney of Dedham, Massachusetts. In fact, on the day of the bombings six months ago, Delaney was on Boylston Street where the explosions occurred, and earlier that day, she was at a Red Sox game. Saturday's celebration was emotional, she said. Every Bostonian attending the parade remembered where they were the day of the bombings. Ryan Sedlacek was in his Boston home less than a mile from the finish line. "It doesn't fix what we went through, but it helps cover it up," Sedlacek said of the collective rejoicing. What made the moment doubly triumphant was how the Boston Red Sox finished in last place in 2012. In a city passionate about its baseball, the team went from worst to first, despite the attacks on the city. The Red Sox won the World Series on Wednesday night, defeating the St. Louis Cardinals. The team won it at home, in Fenway Park, the first time they've done so since 1918. The victory seemed a godsend. "It feels like it should have happened," Sedlacek said. The Red Sox team met with bombing survivors over breakfast, just before the fanfare of vehicles and about two dozen amphibious duck boats began the motorcade at the team's stadium at 10 a.m. Saturday, said Heather Abbott, one of the survivors who attended the gathering. The parade ended in the Charles River when the duck boats took to the water and motored along the shore.
highlights: Crowd and team sing "God Bless America" at finish line . Six months ago, terrorist bombers struck near the Boston Marathon finish line . But on Saturday, a Boston Red Sox player rests the World Series trophy on that line . Bostonians are cheering again on the finish line .
id: c8b78dbaeeda1bd3515579ac318da9dc6c1fd884
chatgpt: Boston came together on Saturday to celebrate the Boston Red Sox's fourth World Series victory in 15 years. The team's victory parade started at Fenway Park and ended with a rally at Boston's duck boat-covered Copley Square. Red Sox player, Jonny Gomes, brought the trophy to the finish line of the Boston Marathon, which was the site of a devastating bombing earlier this year. As the cro wd gathered at the finish line, Gomes placed the trophy just below a blue-and-yellow wreath that marked the bombings that killed three people and left 260 others injured. But triumph and celebration had the final word. As some Red Sox players sang "Sweet Caroline," the crowd joined in "God Bless America" - united in defiance of the terrorists who tried to shatter the city's spirit just six months earlier. Gomes explained that his decision to bring the World Series trophy to the tragic location was not a spur-of-the- moment decision. "We turned something that was negative into something that's obviously very positive," Gomes said. "It will never change history. But hopefully it gave some people a platform to see and realize that there are still good people out there that care about other people.'' The rally at Copley Square was filled with joy and thanksgiving as the Red Sox rode on little boats - famously known as duck boats - and wave to the thousands of cheering people. The crowd was dense with people, wearing Red Sox hats, jumping and screaming as they celebrated the team's achievement. "We clinched at Fenway Park and here comes the parade right out to the streets of Boston," World Series MVP David Ortiz said to the cheering crowds. "This is for you, all of you." Boston Mayor, Thomas M. Menino, was also in attendance, as he faces a tough battle against cancer. Many people in the rally wished him well and hoped that he'd stay strong and continue to lead Boston. The event was a much-needed moment of unity for Boston after the bombings, and for the people of Boston, it was a chance to celebrate a beloved baseball team that had brought them so much joy. Boston Red Sox have always been a part of the city's fabric and its culture, and winning the World Series in such an emphatic way only cemented the Red Sox's place in the hearts of Bostonians.