article: Former Rangers star Gennaro Gattuso has thrown his hat in the ring to become the next Hamilton manager. Sportsmail understands the Italian World Cup winner is one of more than 50 applicants to replace Alex Neil – despite the position not yet being advertised. Centre-back Martin Canning has been placed in interim charge, but Gattuso is thought to have made known his wish to be included in considerations for a permanent appointment. World Cup winner and ex-Rangers midfielder Gattuso has had a patchy managerial career to date . The 37-year-old has endured a turbulent managerial career to date, spending three months as player-coach of Swiss side FC Sion and being sacked after six Serie B games in charge of Palermo. His most recent stint was with OFI Crete in the Greek Super League. The AC Milan icon was appointed last June but resigned in December after insisting the financial crisis at the club left him feeling ‘unable to go on any longer’. He had signalled his intent to step down two months earlier but reconsidered after pleas from OFI supporters. Gattuso’s wife is from Glasgow and a move back to Scotland has long carried emotional appeal for the ex-midfielder, who has spoken in the past of his desire to manage Rangers. Italian midfielder Gattuso spent 15 months at Rangers early in his career . He spent 15 months at Ibrox early in his career before a hugely-successful 13-year spell with Milan, where he won two Champions League titles. Hamilton vice-chairman Ronnie MacDonald last night refused to confirm that Gattuso had put himself forward. ‘We would never divulge any applications or break confidentialities,’ he said. ‘We are in a process and could possibly look at a different structure going forward, one that would suit everyone at the club.’ Gattuso enjoyed hugely-successful 13-year spell with Milan, where he won two Champions League titles . Frankie McAvoy is currently assisting Canning but will leave to join Neil at Norwich City at the end of the month. The Accies board are likely to want a succession plan in place before then. Canning remains in the frame but the net will also be cast wider to ensure the best possible candidates are sourced. McAvoy’s importance to the both the first-team and youth structures could mean a clutch of appointments in a revamped set-up at both senior and academy level. As well as riding high in the Premiership after promotion last season, Accies also top the Under-20 development league.
highlights: Gennaro Gattuso spent over a year at Rangers earlier on in his career . Italian World Cup winner then went on to win two Champions Leagues with AC Milan . Gattuso's career has been turbulent so far, with stints at Swiss side FC Sion, Palermo in Italy and OFI Crete in the Greek Super League .
id: 3655ceed5d1830d534bbfa139fbdbfaa9e84668f
chatgpt: Former AC Milan star and Italian World Cup winner, Gennaro Gattuso, has had a turbulent career path so far. The midfielder, who spent over a year at Scottish side Rangers early on in his career, has since played for a number of other clubs, including Swiss team FC Sion, Palermo in Italy, and OFI Crete in the Greek Super League. Gattuso began his professional career at Perugia, before moving on to Salernitana and Rangers. It was at the Scottish club, where he played from 1997 to 1998, that his tenacity and workrate caught the eye of many football fans. He quickly became a fan favorite and helped Rangers win the Scottish League Cup. In 1998, Gattuso moved back to Italy to play for Salernitana, before joining AC Milan in 1999. He would go on to spend 13 years at the Italian giants, winning two Serie A titles, two Champions Leagues, and a number of other domestic and European trophies. Gattuso's performances for AC Milan earned him a reputation as one of the best midfielders in the world, and he was a key member of the Italy squad that won the 2006 World Cup. However, his time at Milan was not without its controversies, and he was famously banned for five matches in 2003 after headbutting then-Ajax midfielder Rafael van der Vaart during a Champions League match. After leaving Milan in 2012, Gattuso played for a number of other clubs, including Swiss side FC Sion and Italian team Palermo. He then had a brief spell in Greece with OFI Crete, before returning to Italy to try his hand at coaching. Gattuso began his coaching career in the lower leagues of Italian football, before being appointed as the head coach of AC Milan in 2017. He led the club to a sixth place finish in his first season in charge, and has since established himself as one of the most promising young coaches in Europe. Despite his many ups and downs, Gattuso's career has been defined by his passion and commitment to the game of football. His tireless work ethic and leadership qualities have made him a hero to many fans around the world, and he remains one of the most recognizable figures in the sport today.