article: By . Jack Doyle . PUBLISHED: . 00:03 EST, 4 December 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 08:35 EST, 4 December 2013 . Attorney General Dominic Grieve QC, said anyone posting remarks about a particular case online could be in contempt of court . Facebook and Twitter users have been warned they could be breaking the law by posting online comments about on-going court cases. The Government’s chief legal officer, Attorney General Dominic Grieve QC, said anyone posting remarks about a particular case online could be in contempt of court. While court cases are in progress, newspapers and other media organisations are required to comply with reporting rules - so the case is fair. Information about defendants from outside court, as well as comments on innocence and guilt, are banned. Anyone who breaks them can be hauled before a judge, charged and even jailed. In future, warnings on particular cases sent to media will be published on Twitter by the Attorney General’s Office - so the wider public are aware of the dangers of passing comment in public. Mr Grieve said the advisory notices, which have previously been issued only to print and broadcast media outlets on a ‘not for publication’ basis, are designed to make sure that fair trials take place. Mr Grieve said: ‘Blogs and social media sites like Twitter and Facebook mean that individuals can now reach thousands of people with a single tweet or post. ‘This is an exciting prospect, but it can pose certain challenges to the criminal justice system. ‘In days gone by, it was only the mainstream media that had the opportunity to bring information relating to a court case to such a large group of people that it could put a court case at risk. In future, warnings on particular cases sent to media will be published on Twitter by the Attorney General's Office - so the wider public are aware of the dangers of passing comment in public . ‘That is no longer the case and is why I have decided to publish the advisories that I have previously only issued to the media. ‘This is not about telling people what they can or cannot talk about on social media - quite the opposite in fact, it’s designed to help facilitate commentary in a lawful way. ‘I hope that by making this information available to the public at large, we can help stop people from inadvertently breaking the law, and make sure that cases are tried on the evidence, not what people have found online.’ The advisories will be published on the Attorney General’s Office (AGO) section of the gov.uk website and also through the AGO’s twitter feed - @AGO-UK.
highlights: Attorney General said online posts could be in contempt of court . Like media, wider public will be banned from passing comment publicly . Warnings on particular cases sent to media will be published on Twitter . The warnings have been designed to ensure a fair trial takes place .
id: 010b08c5ffcb9637816cd51e42b6a1946c1a89a6
chatgpt: The Attorney General has issued a warning about online posts potentially holding contempt of court. The public, like media, will be banned from making public comments on certain cases to ensure a fair trial. The new rules have been created to address growing concerns about social media and the power of the comments section. They afford greater protection to the reputation of legal proceedings and the autonomy of the courts.  The warnings have been sent directly to the media and will be published on Twitter, asking those involved in reporting to act responsibly. The Attorney General warned that the internet’s instant access and the anonymity of some posters has made it too easy to fall foul of the laws of defamation and contempt. The new guidelines have been issued amid fears that posts on social media could influence jurors, exposing the trial process to bias, and damage the reputation of the legal system. “Online platforms are a great way to express opinion, but when it comes to the discussion of court proceedings, we need to be careful,” the Attorney General said.  The guidance covers all court areas, but particularly sensitive cases such as sexual assaults, terrorism and serious violent crimes where comment may not only influence jurors but also cause significant additional distress to victims and their families. Social media has played a growing role in cases over recent years with jurors being disqualified for discussing trials on Facebook and Twitter, leading to costly retrials. In some cases, the consequences have been more serious. In 2014, the student who wrongly accused Lord McAlpine of abuse was forced to pay £20,000 in damages as a result of a single tweet. The move has come under criticism from freedom of speech campaigners who argue that it constitutes an erosion of the right to expression. A spokesman for the Attorney General said the move was protecting the justice system rather than limiting the public’s freedoms. “The right to freedom of expression is an important one, but so too is the importance of a fair trial for everyone involved. By adopting a responsible approach to online commentary, we can help to ensure that justice is done and the integrity of the legal system is maintained,” the spokesman said. The guidelines also warn journalists and bloggers that in some cases they could be in contempt of court regardless of their intention to influence the judiciary. They recommend that media organizations should be cautious about publishing comments on social media, carefully managing the risks associated with engaging with online discussion. Overall, the decision taken by the Attorney General to put in place these guidelines is seen as a positive step in the right direction. The dangers of social media has been highlighted on many occasions where undue and unwarranted prejudice can lead to misconduct, leading to potential re-trials, and at worst, miscarriages of justice. It is hoped that the move means that attention will be more focused on ensuring the legal system is upheld in a fair and just manner where all involved can rely on a definitive outcome based on facts and evidence presented.