article: By . Reuters Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 22:19 EST, 23 September 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 22:19 EST, 23 September 2012 . If Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has any ambitions to run for president, she is keeping them under tight wraps - and even her husband doesn’t know of her plans. 'I have no earthly idea what she'll decide to do,' her husband, former President Bill Clinton, said on CBS television's 'Face the Nation' on Sunday. Although Hillary Clinton went down to defeat to President Obama in a close primary contest in 2008, she has stayed in the public eye as the president's top diplomat. Power couple: Bill Clinton says he has 'no earthly idea' of whether his wife Hillary will seek the top office in 2016 . In that role, Clinton, who had been a U.S. Senator from New York, has built a reputation as a capable stateswoman and a loyal lieutenant to the president. She is frequently rated as the most popular member of Obama's cabinet. Clinton has said she will step down from her current job whether the president wins re-election to another four-year term on November 6 or not. 'She wants to take some time off, kind of regroup. Write a book,' her husband said. Presidential: Hillary Clinton has built a reputation as a capable stateswoman and a loyal lieutenant to President Obama . However, she is likely to remain an influential voice and questions about her political future will persist. Clinton's support among Dems is firm, and some had hoped Obama would boost his re-election chances by replacing the gaffe-prone Vice President Joseph Biden with her as his No. 2. While she has remained generally outside the political fray during this election season, her husband has seized a prominent role in campaigning for the president's re-election. Even so, Hillary Clinton, who was first lady when her husband was president from 1993-2001, is herself known as one of the Democratic Party's most influential and best-networked insiders. Stateswoman: Hillary Clinton is pictured with Israeli Defense Minister Ehud Barak in New York on Sunday during the 67th United Nations General Assembly . The former president said that no matter what, there would be a strong crop of Democrats interested in running for the Oval Office in 2016, including governors and members of Congress. 'We've got a lot of able people in our party who want to be president,' he said. However, he said that with his wife's experience in the White House, where she led an unsuccessful effort to overhaul the U.S. healthcare system, on Capitol Hill, and in the administration, there would be no one more qualified than her to run. 'She's the ablest, I know I'm biased, but I think she demonstrated as senator and as secretary of state that she has extraordinary ability,' Clinton said. Backer: If she did choose to run, she could count on the support of Bill Clinton, who says his wife has already demonstrated 'extraordinary ability' to lead .
highlights: Hillary Clinton to step down as secretary of state regardless of whether President Obama is elected to a second term . Bill Clinton says his wife has demonstrated 'extraordinary ability' as a senator and as secretary of state .
id: b17da65f1d0aa82273f0c9e4adbec7bcc11c2043
chatgpt: Hillary Clinton, the United States Secretary of State, has announced that she will step down from her position regardless of whether President Obama is re-elected for a second term. Clinton has been praised by many for demonstrating "extraordinary ability" in her roles as both a senator and a secretary of state by her husband Bill Clinton. Clinton is among the most distinguished women in the world, having served as the First Lady of the United States during her husband's presidency from 1993 to 2001. She has also represented New York in the United States Senate from 2001 to 2009 before being appointed as Secretary of State in 2009 by President Obama.  Clinton has been serving as a Secretary of State for the past four years and has visited many countries around the world in the line of her work. She has been instrumental in shaping the foreign policy of the Obama administration and has played an important role in tackling many of the most pressing issues affecting the United States and the world today. Despite her outstanding performance, Clinton has always maintained that she will step down from her role as Secretary of State at some point. Now that she has made it official, it is unclear what her next move will be. However, many people believe that she may make another bid for the presidency in 2016. Bill Clinton, while praising his wife's accomplishments, has also said that she needs to take some time to rest and recover from her long stint as Secretary of State. He has also expressed his admiration for the way that she has been able to balance her personal and professional lives. "Her great debt to this country is that she has proven that a woman can do anything a man can do, including running for President," Clinton said in a recent interview. "And, more importantly, that any woman can fulfill her dreams." Regardless of what Clinton decides to do next, she will leave behind a legacy of leadership and service that will undoubtedly inspire others to follow in her footsteps. Her work as Secretary of State has brought her in contact with people of different cultures, beliefs, and backgrounds, and has shown her determination to build bridges and promote understanding between them. Her leadership in this area is an example of what can be achieved when people come together to tackle shared challenges. As Clinton prepares to step down from her role as Secretary of State, there is no doubt that she will leave behind big shoes for her successor to fill. However, the legacy of her leadership will continue to inspire future generations to strive for greatness and to work towards the greater good of humanity.