article: More than half of police and crime commissioners have had misconduct complaints made against them. The police watchdog has received allegations of wrongdoing against 23 of the 41 officials who were elected in November 2012. The commissioners replaced police authorities in England and Wales in a bid to make policing more accountable, but as concerns grow over their conduct a parliamentary committee is due to investigate the high level of complaints. Scroll down for video . Keith Vaz MP, chairman of the Commons Home Affairs committee, pictured, said he was concerned over the level of complaints made against crime commissioners and he would raise the matter immediately . The Independent Police Complaints Commission last night said only six of the 43 complaints had resulted in full investigations. Yet Keith Vaz, the chairman of the home affairs committee, told the Times newspaper the number of complaints was disappointing, adding: ‘What it shows is that people appear to have lost confidence with the office to such an extent that there is the equivalent of one complaint per police authority.’ The Labour MP said he would write to police and crime panels to see what had been done about the complaints the IPCC had been unable to investigate. Among the cases referred to the IPCC is the recent resignation of South Yorkshire’s commissioner Shaun Wright. It is due to announce soon whether it will formally investigate allegations about his knowledge of child sexual exploitation while he worked at Rotherham council. Lancashire’s Clive Grunshaw was investigated by the watchdog over expenses claims he made as a county councillor. The IPCC said the Crown Prosecution Service is again considering material after initially ruling he would not face any further action. Kent’s Ann Barnes is being investigated for an allegation of driving without insurance. Kent's  Ann Barnes, pictured, is being investigated over an allegation of driving without correct insurance . And the IPCC is due to announce whether it will hand prosecutors the case of Durham’s Ron Hogg over allegations about benefits he received while serving with Cleveland police. Allegations of electoral fraud by PCCs in Hampshire and North Wales were investigated but no action was taken. An IPCC spokesman said 14 of the complaints were not investigated because they were allegations that the watchdogs had not registered with the Information Commissioner as information providers. Unless they are convicted of a crime, PCCs can only be ousted in elections held every four years. Following Mr Wright’s initial refusal to resign over the Rotherham scandal Home Secretary Theresa May indicated she would back a new law to allow PCCs to be sacked in extreme circumstances. The Association of Police and Crime Commissioners is also said to be considering the proposals, as well as ‘beefing up’ police and crime panels.
highlights: More than half of crime commissioners have been accused of misconduct . First police and crime commissioners were elected in November 2012 . Independent Police Complaints Commission has received 23 complaints . Keith Vaz MP said he was concerned over the high level of complaints .
id: f2756da846981632fbe853a088dff9c993a9d812
chatgpt: More than half of the police and crime commissioners (PCCs) in England and Wales have been accused of misconduct, according to recent reports. The first PCCs were elected in November 2012, and since then, many have been subject to allegations of wrongdoing. The Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC) has confirmed that it has received 23 complaints against PCCs since they were introduced. This number includes complaints of neglect of duty, misuse of funds, and inappropriate behaviour towards colleagues and members of the public. Some of the complaints have resulted in investigations, with PCCs subsequently being cleared of any wrongdoing. However, others have led to PCCs being removed from office. The revelation prompted concerns from Keith Vaz MP, chairman of the Home Affairs Select Committee. Mr Vaz said that he was "extremely concerned" by the high level of complaints against PCCs, and called on the IPCC to investigate further. The role of PCCs is to be the voice of the people in their area on policing matters, and to hold the police to account. They are responsible for setting the priorities for local police forces, and for overseeing their budgets. The introduction of PCCs was controversial from the start, with many critics arguing that they would be politicised and would undermine the independence of the police. However, supporters argued that they would bring greater accountability and transparency to policing, and would ensure that the public had a greater say in how their communities were policed. According to a report by the Electoral Reform Society, the 2012 PCC elections were marred by low turnout and confusion among voters. Only 15% of the public turned out to vote, with many not knowing who the candidates were or what their policies were. The report also highlighted concerns about the cost of the elections, with an estimated £75m spent on electing PCCs. Despite these issues, however, PCCs have continued to play a significant role in policing in England and Wales. They have been involved in a number of high-profile campaigns, such as the fight against cybercrime and the crackdown on modern slavery. Many PCCs have also been praised for their work in tackling issues such as domestic violence and hate crime. However, the recent allegations of misconduct have raised questions about the effectiveness of the PCC system. Critics argue that the system is flawed and that there needs to be greater oversight and accountability. The IPCC has said that it will continue to monitor complaints against PCCs and to investigate where necessary. It also stressed the importance of holding PCCs to account, and of ensuring that they act in the best interests of the public. The government has also defended the PCC system, arguing that it has brought greater accountability to policing and has given the public a stronger voice in how their communities are policed. However, with more than half of PCCs accused of misconduct, it is clear that there are serious concerns about the system. It remains to be seen whether these issues can be addressed and whether the PCCs can continue to play a positive role in policing in England and Wales.