article: (CNN) -- Eulalia goes to school on a motorcycle. The 10-year-old girl lives in the Puno region of Peru with her parents and six siblings. There is no school near Eulalia's home, so on Mondays, her father gives her a ride down the mountain on his motorcycle to a boarding school run by the humanitarian organization CARE. She attends school during the week and comes home on the weekends. For Eulalia, this ride to school is a journey into a promising future that is hard to come by in Peru. She is one of nearly a million indigenous children who struggle to get an education. According to CARE, 73% of indigenous kids in Peru are behind in school for their age and nearly 30% don't go to school at all. Most people in the Puno region live in poverty and parents have no choice but to have their children work to help support the family. Child labor is often used for illegal gold mining in the area. Eulalia's father is a poor alpaca shepherd, but he wants his daughter to have a better education than he had and he has made it a priority. The school doesn't charge Eulalia's family for school fees, but her parents try to contribute in other ways such as with crops or labor. Soon, her little brother will also be attending the school. Eulalia's favorite subject is math but her father says she likes "everything." When she grows up, she wants to be a teacher. Eulalia's loving spirit is what endears her to the people at CARE. "I can tell you, she is the sweetest of them all ... quite shy, but at the same time very loving once she knows people a bit. The first time she visited our office, she gave big hugs to all my colleagues, and that's how she is remembered here, as 'the little hugger'," says Elsie Ralston of CARE. Eulalia studies a bilingual curriculum with CARE's Education Program. The school is a private project founded by a company that wants all its workers to be able to provide education for children in the area. CARE's Education Program in Peru promotes proper schooling for children and adolescents in vulnerable conditions, as well as the elimination of discrimination in all its forms. "The innovative bilingual and intercultural approach allows us to empower girls in urban and rural areas. CARE seeks to address the barriers Peruvian boys, but especially girls, face, while actively advocating the investment of public resources to education," Ralston says. CARE has similar educational programs around the world to assist and empower girls and young women. You can help CARE continue to help girls like Eulalia in Peru. For even more ways to make an impact on education for girls around the world, check out CNN's Impact Your World resources or take action with 10x10. - More about CNN Films' "Girl Rising" project . - More from CNN's Impact Your World .
highlights: Eulalia from Peru is one of few indigenous children able to go to school . Eulalia attends a boarding school run by the humanitarian organization CARE . CARE: 73% of indigenous children in Peru are behind in school and nearly 30% don't go to school . Child labor is often used for illegal gold mining in Peru .
id: a4b448a0983056d04fb50d0078ba417044af869f
chatgpt: Eulalia, an indigenous child from Peru, is one of the fortunate few who is able to attend school. Her schooling takes place at a boarding school operated by CARE, a humanitarian organization that works to provide education to indigenous children who are otherwise denied access to it.  CARE reports that 73% of indigenous children in Peru are behind in school, and nearly 30% do not attend school at all. The reasons for this are numerous, including poverty, lack of access, and the prevalence of child labor. In Peru, child labor is frequently used in illegal gold mining, and this often takes children away from school. However, for Eulalia, attending school at CARE's boarding school has been a life-changing experience. She is the first person in her family to attend school, and she is determined to make the most of this opportunity.  “I was very excited to come here,” she says. “I really wanted to learn to read and write. I have two older sisters, but they never went to school. They stayed home to take care of the animals and the cornfield.” Eulalia's experience is not unique. CARE works with many children from indigenous communities who have little access to education. Their boarding school provides a safe and supportive environment for these children to learn and grow. “Our priority is to give these children the opportunity to learn,” says Miguel Salas, a project coordinator for CARE in Peru. “Many of them come from very poor families and lack basic necessities like food, clothing, and shelter. By providing them with these things, we hope to give them the resources they need to succeed.” CARE's boarding school not only provides education, but also meals, medical care, and counseling services. The students are able to focus on their studies without worrying about basic survival needs.  According to Salas, many of the children who attend CARE's boarding school are able to catch up to their peers and develop the skills they need to succeed.  “Education is the key to breaking the cycle of poverty,” he says. “By giving these children an education, we're giving them a chance to build a better future for themselves and their families.” Despite the challenges that indigenous children in Peru face, organizations like CARE are working to provide access to education and break down barriers for these children. With access to education, children like Eulalia can create a brighter future for themselves and their communities.