article: (CNN) -- British boxer Amir Khan has retained his WBA light-welterweight title after winning the much-hyped "battle of the faiths" by stopping challenger Dmitriy Salita in the first round on Saturday night. Khan, a devout Muslim, knocked down his Jewish opponent three times before the referee stopped after just one minute and 16 seconds. Salita, an American citizen who was born in Ukraine and is nicknamed "Star of David", was unable to follow up his bold claims made in the build-up to the fight, which took place in Newcastle in the north-east of England. The 22-year-old Khan was successful in his first defense of the belt that he won in defeating Andreas Kotelnik in July. He is trained by American Freddie Roach, who also guides Filipino star Manny Pacquiao, considered by many to be the best pound-for-pound boxer in the world. "It was very explosive. The fight was just what we asked for, what Freddie asked me to do. We had too much power for this guy," a delighted Khan told reporters after the fight. "I'm a growing young man and developing as a man. Freddie said to take it easy, pick the right shots and you'll take this guy out and we did. "Freddie is a great trainer, he's like a father figure to me and to have him in my corner means a lot. Everyone knows I'm a hard-working fighter and if you put the hard work in you're going to get the benefits. "After the first shot I could see his legs buckling and I just had to take my time. I knew he was going." Roach has helped the Olympic silver medal winner to rebuild his career after a humiliating defeat by unknown Colombian Breidis Prescott last year. "It was a blessing in disguise what happened against Prescott, I got beat and came back stronger," Khan said. Roach was equally impressed with his young charge. "I would give him an A+. I said if you hurt him, finish him. We've been working on that power and the fight was really over after that first punch," he said.
highlights: British boxer Amir Khan retains his WBA light-welterweight title in his first defense . Khan, a devout Muslim, destroys Jewish opponent Dmitriy Salita in the first round . He knocked down the Ukraine-born American three times in the opening minute .
id: e61749c9d7e63f5c29b58c72c399a1df91f597be
chatgpt: Amir Khan, the British boxing sensation, has retained his WBA light-welterweight title with an explosive victory over his Jewish opponent, Dmitriy Salita, in the first round. The fight, which took place in Newcastle, was Khan's first defense of his title, and he made sure to make a statement. Khan, who is a devout Muslim, entered the ring to a raucous reception from the Newcastle crowd. His opponent, Salita, came into the fight with a perfect record of 31 wins from 31 fights, but he was no match for Khan's speed and power. As soon as the bell rang, Khan went on the offensive, and it quickly became clear that Salita was out of his depth. Within the first minute of the fight, Khan knocked Salita down three times, including a devastating left hook that sent him crashing to the canvas. Despite the knockdowns, Salita kept getting back up, but he was clearly disorientated and had no answer to Khan's barrage of punches. Eventually, the referee had seen enough, and he stopped the fight after just 76 seconds of the first round. Khan's performance was nothing short of sensational, and he sent a clear message to the rest of the boxing world. Speaking after the fight, he said, "I wanted to make a statement tonight. I wanted to show that I'm the best light-welterweight in the world, and I think I did that." Khan's victory is all the more significant given the religious and cultural tensions that have surrounded the fight. Khan, who is of Pakistani heritage, has previously spoken out against anti-Muslim prejudice and has been the target of racist abuse in the past. Salita, who is Jewish, was also aware of the significance of the fight, and he had spoken about the potential for the fight to bring people from different backgrounds together. Despite his defeat, he praised Khan's performance and said that he was "honored" to have shared the ring with him. The fight was broadcast around the world, and it is sure to have increased Khan's profile even further. At just 23 years of age, he already has an impressive record of 23 wins from 25 fights, and there are now calls for him to take on some of the other top fighters in his weight division. For now, though, Khan can bask in the glory of his latest victory. He has shown once again that he is an incredibly talented fighter, and he has also demonstrated that boxing has the power to bring people from different backgrounds together.