article: It's always the same when you find a good place to eat – the word gets around and crowds move in. These spectacular shots show the incredible agility of gannets – both in the air and underwater – as they go in search of a meal off the Shetland island of Unst. They lived up to their gluttonous name as hundreds plunged into the sea to spear fish – even tearing a catch from their rivals’ beaks during the scramble for food. Food fight: Gannets battle for a meal in the cold North Sea waters off the coast of the Shetland Isles . Dive! Dive! Dive! These pictures taken just off Unst show the birds' incredible agility beneath the waves . Hungry: They lived up to their gluttonous name as hundreds plunged into the sea to spear fish . Competition: They are not averse to even tearing a catch from their rivals’ beaks during the scramble for food . Fish suppers: The huge group gathered as they hunted for schools of mackerel and herring in the icy waters . Expert timing: A gannet swoops in to seize a hapless fish just beneath the waves on this grey day . Difficult work: Photographer and ecologist Richard Shucksmith, who braved being divebombed underwater as he took the images, said the birds hit the surface with such force he almost lost concentration . The huge group gathered as they hunted for mackerel and herring – before returning to the sea cliffs to feed their young. Photographer and ecologist Richard Shucksmith, who braved being divebombed underwater as he took the images, said the birds hit the surface with such force he almost lost concentration. The 41-year-old, who was the overall winner of British Wildlife Photography Awards in 2011 and lives in Shetland, also braved hanging off steep cliffs to get action shots. Feeding frenzy: Thousands of birds swarm over the area of sea where the fish have been spotted . Mine! Mine! Mine! Three birds battle over a single fish as demand for a snack heats up the cold sea . Providers: After snatching up fish from the turbulent sea, the gannets flew back to nearby cliffs . Family life: They offered the precious protein to their young, who are not yet old enough to hunt themselves . Parents: Two gannets appear to converse animatedly over how best to raise their youngster . Beauty: A long exposure of the cliffs where they nest makes it appear to be emerging from clouds. He said: ‘The scene was both exciting and phenomenal, watching them dive, hearing them hitting the water and being immersed in a sea of bubbles.’ He added: ‘The dive itself only allows the bird to reach depths of a few metres, but they can swim very well underwater using both wings and feet for propulsion – this allows them to pursue fish down to around 30 metres (about 100ft).’ He explained that the gannets can swallow while submerged so they can eat more during a dive.
highlights: Incredible scenes as thousands of birds dive bomb schools of fish . Remarkable pictures taken by award-winning Shetland photographer .
id: 9a78a820c8ab56d594cb5b16a4e8db98e086572f
chatgpt: Incredible footage of massive flocks of birds dive bombing schools of fish has captivated viewers across the globe. The sheer scale of the phenomenon is breathtaking, and the birds move with such grace and precision that it's impossible not to be impressed. The footage has been captured by award-winning photographer Neil Robertson, whose stunning images have earned him a reputation as one of the best wildlife photographers in the world. Robertson has spent countless hours studying the behavior of these birds, which include puffins, guillemots, and razorbills. He says that the birds are attracted to the fish by their movement, and the schools of fish provide a bountiful source of food for the aquatic birds. The birds are able to spot the fish from above and then dive at incredible speeds to catch them. One of the most striking things about these images is the way in which the birds seem to move as one. They fly in tight formations, swooping and diving as one unit. It's almost as if they are choreographed, and there is a beautiful symmetry to their movements. Robertson says that this is a result of years of evolution, during which the birds have learned to work together in order to catch as many fish as possible. The fact that these images were taken in Shetland only adds to their appeal. The remote and rugged landscape provides the perfect backdrop for such a dramatic display of nature's power. The Shetland Islands are home to some of the most diverse and abundant wildlife in the world, and Robertson has made it his mission to capture as much of it as possible. For his latest project, Robertson spent countless hours out on the water, braving stormy and unpredictable conditions in order to get the perfect shot. The result is a series of images that are both beautiful and awe-inspiring. There is something truly magical about watching these birds in action. The speed at which they move is astonishing, and the sight of them diving into the water is nothing short of spectacular. It's no wonder that these images have garnered so much attention online, with thousands of people sharing the footage on social media. But there is also a more serious message behind these images. The fact that these birds are able to catch so many fish is a testament to the health and vitality of the waters around the Shetland Islands. It's a reminder that we need to take care of our oceans and ensure that they remain a source of food and life for generations to come. In the end, though, it's not just the message that makes these images so captivating. It's the sheer beauty of the moment captured by Robertson's lens. There is a sense of wonder and excitement that comes with watching these birds in action, and it's a feeling that is impossible to ignore. For anyone who loves wildlife and the natural world, these images are a true gift.