article: A demolition crew made a spectacular blunder after it arrived at the right residential street, at the agreed time but then knocked down the wrong house. The property near Lake Worth, Texas, had been in David Underwood's family for decades and belonged to his late grandmother. But when he visited the house on Saturday, all that remained was a clean slab of concrete. This is all that remained of a house near Lake Worth, Texas, after city contractors bulldozed it by mistake . The property - at 9716 Watercress Drive - had been in David Underwood's family for decades and belonged to his late grandmother. It is pictured here four days before it was knocked down on July 12 . And here's the one that should have been demolished... No. 9708 Watercress Drive (above) was the home intended for demolition. Like Mr Underwood's house, it had been vacant for some time . Mr Underwood, who works for a company that builds community centres, said: 'We came around Silver Creek looking for . the lot and my wife said, "David… I think the house is gone". 'We looked up there and sure enough, it's gone!' he told My Fox Austin. Fort Worth authorities, which had contracted the demolition team, admitted the blunder. 'On July 12, contractors . demolished the wrong property on Watercress Drive. David Underwood (above) has filed a claim for compensation with the city's risk management department . 'The property to be . demolished should have been 9708 Watercress Dr. 'The property that was . demolished was a vacant structure located at 9716 Watercress Dr,' the . city's code compliance office said in a prepared statement. The confusion may have been due to the fact the Underwood property, a three-bed ranch-style family house, was also vacant at the time. But that is scant consolation for Mr Underwood and his wife, who planned to refurbish the home and move in. Among items of theirs destroyed were a desk, some books and an antique mirror. According to a neighbour, 9708 was condemned and had been awaiting demolition since January. The same person notified the authorities after seeing bulldozers knocking down the wrong house on Friday morning. Mr Underwood has filed a claim for compensation with the city's risk management department. Fort Worth city is currently investigating how the mistake occurred.
highlights: Fort Worth City contractors admitted blunder . David Underwood and his wife planned to move into Texas property which had been in his family for decades . His house was 9716 Watercress Drive - but the one due to be knocked down was no. 9708 .
id: 9577115d32f4d2475f536ce17940ec388d253409
chatgpt: Fort Worth City contractors have admitted to making a major blunder that nearly cost a Texas resident his family home. David Underwood and his wife had planned to move into their property at 9716 Watercress Drive, which had been in his family for several decades. However, city contractors reportedly marked the wrong house for demolition, leading officials to schedule the destruction of Underwood's property by mistake.  According to reports, Underwood only found out about the error after a neighbour contacted him about the demolition notice posted on his door. He quickly contacted the city's code enforcement office, but was told the demolition could not be stopped. Underwood and his wife then rushed to the house, where they were met by a city inspector who confirmed that they had indeed marked the wrong property.  Underwood says he was left shaken and puzzled by the experience. "They just took the wrong house," he told local news outlets. "This is my ancestral home. There's been nobody but my family in that house for over 70 years." Fortunately, the city has agreed to rebuild Underwood's house, and he says he is relieved that his family's history will be preserved.  The contractor responsible for the mistake has not been named, but a spokesperson for the city apologized for the error and said the administration is committed to working with homeowners to resolve any issues. "It was a human error," the spokesperson said. "We apologize and we're trying to make it right."  Underwood's story has gained national attention, with many social media users expressing shock and outrage over the incident. Some have criticized the city for its handling of the situation, saying that it highlights systemic issues in the construction and demolition industry. Others have slammed the contractors responsible for the mistake, calling for more stringent regulations and oversight.  For now, Underwood says he is just grateful that his family's home will be rebuilt. "I'm ready to move on," he said. "Hopefully, this won't happen to anybody else." The city says it will be conducting a full investigation into the matter to ensure that such a mistake does not happen again.