article: By . Anna Edwards . PUBLISHED: . 03:25 EST, 21 October 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 05:19 EST, 21 October 2013 . Robert Jones said that he was grabbed by the arm and that the assault lasted less than half an hour (stock image) A charity worker claims he was sexually abused by a female soap star when he was just 16. Robert Jones, now 48, claims the actress targeted him in her home when he was a vulnerable teenager and pulled him into her bedroom. The father-of-three, who waived his right to anonymity, says that he has come forward only now because he wants the woman to 'answer for what she did'. He told the Daily Mirror that he was grabbed by the arm and that the assault lasted less than half an hour when he was 16 in 1981. Mr Jones told the newspaper: 'I remember going to a small place within myself. 'I kept thinking "Just get through it, it'll be over soon". 'This is something that I've never really got over and has hung over me most of my life.' A Metropolitan Police spokesman said they were considering the allegations. They said: 'A man contacted police on 16 October to report an incident which allegedly took place in 1981. This report is being considered.' The allegation comes after a study showed a rise in reports of sexual offences; which was put partly down to greater numbers coming forward to report historical sexual offences to the police following the Savile inquiry. The Office of National Stastics said: ‘There is evidence to suggest that these increases are partly a result of the Operation Yewtree investigation, initiated in October 2012 and connected to the Jimmy Savile inquiry. A study showed a rise in reports of historical sexual offences to the police following the Savile inquiry . ‘Whilst some of these increases will be a direct consequence of the crimes reported as part of Operation Yewtree there is also evidence to suggest that there has been a wider “Yewtree effect”, whereby there is increased willingness on the part of the victims to come forward and report historical sexual offences that are not directly connected to Yewtree. ‘Additionally the publicity surrounding Operation Yewtree may have encouraged more victims to come forward and report more recent abuse cases.’ The scandal shows no sign of dying down, as BBC chiefs Lord Hall and Lord Patten will be grilled by MPs this week over an alleged ‘cover-up’ in the £3million inquiry into the Corporation’s failure to expose the Jimmy Savile scandal. The Mail on Sunday understands the Culture, Media and Sport Select Committee will call up Lord Hall, the BBC’s director-general since April, and Lord Patten, BBC Trust chairman, on Tuesday. They will be asked about their refusal to investigate why key evidence about ex-BBC director-general Mark Thompson was excluded from the Pollard Review – the report into Newsnight’s axed expose of the disgraced DJ. Sorry we are unable to accept comments for legal reasons.
highlights: Robert Jones claims he was sexually assaulted by actress in 1981 . Alleges she grabbed his arm and pulled him into bedroom . A Metropolitan Police spokesman said they were considering the allegations .
id: 98c33eb28030404ab28f7c5d4bff7ff134247653
chatgpt: Actor Robert Jones has recently come forward with allegations of sexual assault against a well-known actress from the early 80s. According to Jones, the actress in question grabbed his arm and pulled him into a bedroom, where the assault allegedly took place.  Jones has decided to come forward with his story now, over 40 years after the alleged assault took place. He stated that he had been hesitant to speak out for fear of not being believed or facing backlash from the industry. However, with the recent increase in awareness of sexual assault and harassment in Hollywood, Jones felt that it was the right time to share his story.  The actress accused of the assault has not been named, but the Metropolitan Police are said to be investigating the matter. A spokesperson for the police department released a statement saying, “We can confirm that we have received an allegation of sexual assault that reportedly occurred in the early 1980s. We are reviewing the details of the report and will take appropriate action as necessary.”  These allegations come on the heels of several high-profile sexual assault cases in Hollywood, which have sparked a nationwide conversation about sexual harassment and assault. Many have praised the courage of those who have come forward with their stories, while others have questioned why it took so long for victims to speak out.  Jones’s story is a reminder that sexual assault can happen to anyone, regardless of their gender or position in the industry. For too long, sexual harassment and assault have been swept under the rug in Hollywood, allowing abusers to continue their behavior unchecked.  The recent movement to bring these issues to light has been a step in the right direction, but much work remains to be done. According to a survey conducted by the National Sexual Violence Resource Center, only 20% of sexual assault victims report the crime to law enforcement.  This statistic highlights the need for more awareness and support for victims of sexual assault, especially in Hollywood where power dynamics can make it difficult for victims to speak out. The entertainment industry has a responsibility to ensure that all actors, crew members, and staff are safe from harm, and that those who commit these crimes are held accountable for their actions.  Jones’s bravery in coming forward with his story is a reminder that sexual assault can have long-lasting effects on survivors. It is important that we continue to listen to victims’ stories and work towards creating a world where sexual assault and harassment are not tolerated. The ongoing investigation into Jones’s allegations is a step towards justice and accountability for all survivors of sexual assault.  In the end, it is up to all of us to stand up against sexual violence and ensure that survivors are supported, believed, and valued. With continued effort and attention, we can create a world where sexual assault and harassment are no longer accepted or ignored.