article: Reports of two asylum seeker boats on their way to Australian shores last week raised many questions about whether the claims were true, and if the vessels would be the first to reach Australian shores this year. People want answers about the fate of these boats off Christmas Island, and whether they have been intercepted, but Immigration Minister Scott Morrison has been trying, somewhat unsuccessfully, to keep a lid on the matter. Speaking to Sky News on Monday, Mr Morrison gave a convoluted and confusing response when asked about the boats - which could potentially be the first to make it to Christmas Island since December 19. Scroll down for video . Immigration Minister Scott Morrison is still refusing to confirm claims that two asylum seeker boats were intercepted off the cost of Christmas Island . 'Public curiosity is not the same as the public interest and the public interest here that I have to assess is what is in the national interest and what is in the national interest is that we maintain the integrity of an operation that is saving lives at sea and protecting the integrity of our borders,' Mr Morrison said - without taking a single breath. The immigration minister has repeatedly refused to confirm reports over the weekend that two boats were intercepted by Australian authorities off Christmas Island. One is reportedly carrying 153 Tamil asylum seekers, including about 30 children, many of them sick, while the second is said to have 50 people aboard. Refugee advocates said they had been in contact with some of those aboard, but had not heard from the Tamil asylum seekers since Saturday. There are reports that one boat carrying 153 Tamil refugees and another with 50 asylum seekers aboard hit trouble on their way to Australian shores . 'I'm fairly convinced the government will rendezvous to get the Sri Lankan navy to tow them back,' Refugee Action Coalition's Ian Rintoul told AAP. Mr Morrison will only confirm incidents that involve safety of life at sea, such as medical transfers, and has avoided answering any other enquiries. 'There have been no such incidents for me to report over the last few days,' he said. There are reports that one of the vessels may be travelling from India, but the ABC report that local authorities in India are not aware of any Australia-bound boats leaving their shores. Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
highlights: Scott Morrison is yet to respond to claims two asylum seeker boats were on their way to Australian shores . Speaking to Sky News on Monday Mr Morrison gave a convoluted answer when asked about the vessels . One boat is reportedly carrying 153 Tamil asylum seekers, while another apparently has 50 aboard .
id: c380e78d8d8a883f05dc58e8dfe2518cc0e168b7
chatgpt: The Australian government is facing a new wave of criticism over its handling of asylum seekers following reports that two boats are believed to be heading towards Australian shores. Many are now questioning why Australian authorities have not responded to these claims or taken any action to divert the vessels away from the country. Speaking to Sky News on Monday, Prime Minister Scott Morrison gave a convoluted answer when asked about the boats. He did not confirm or deny the reports but instead stated that the government's policy on asylum seekers was clear and that Australia would not be open to people smuggling. The two vessels in question are carrying a total of 203 asylum seekers, with one boat reportedly carrying 153 Tamil asylum seekers and the other carrying 50 individuals. It is still unclear where the boats originated from or how long they have been at sea. Australia has strict border control policies in place, and the government has made it clear that it will not allow asylum seekers to enter the country by boat. In recent years, thousands of people have attempted to make the dangerous journey to Australia by sea, often resulting in tragedy. The Australian government's handling of asylum seekers has been a contentious issue for many years, with critics arguing that the country's policies are inhumane and violate international law. In recent years, there have been numerous reports of abuse and mistreatment of asylum seekers in Australian detention centers. The situation involving the two boats has added fuel to this ongoing debate, with many calling on the government to take a more compassionate and humane approach towards refugees and asylum seekers. Human rights organizations have also spoken out about the potential dangers that the people on board the boats may face if they are forced to return to their home countries. The Tamil asylum seekers in particular may face persecution and violence if they are sent back to Sri Lanka. Despite the mounting pressure on the Australian government, Prime Minister Scott Morrison has yet to respond to the claims about the two boats. As the vessels continue to make their way towards Australian shores, many are left wondering what the government will do to address the situation and whether the country's policies towards asylum seekers will be reevaluated.