article: By . Tim Shipman . Last updated at 1:15 AM on 27th December 2011 . Awkward: Ed Miliband is 'reluctant to put himself out there' Labour is to launch a campaign to make Ed Miliband more ‘human’ in the new year after friends warned that he is less popular with voters than Gordon Brown. The Labour leader has been told by his closest friends that he needs to make a concerted effort to ‘make people like him’ by doing ‘sofa’ interviews with lifestyle shows on television and women’s magazines. But allies are concerned that Mr Miliband is ‘reluctant to put himself out there’ because he feels awkward about revealing details of his private life to the media. Yesterday the Labour leader said he would not change after polls showed that his  personal standing is the worst of the three main party leaders. ‘I will carry on being what I am,’ he said. But an ICM survey for the Guardian newspaper made grim reading for Mr Miliband, suggesting he needs to do more to connect with the public. It found that 48 per cent of voters approve of David Cameron’s performance, compared with 33 per cent for Nick Clegg and only 32 per cent for Mr Miliband. The Prime Minister enjoys a net approval rating of plus five, while the gap between those who think Mr Miliband is doing a good job and those who don’t is minus 17 points. His position has been undermined after a performance at the most recent Prime  Minister’s Question Time, which was widely derided as wretched even by members of the Shadow Cabinet. ‘People still don’t know Ed and he needs to get out there and show them who he is,’ a friend told the Mail. ‘The problem is that he is very reluctant to put himself out there. He’s not comfortable talking about himself. It’s just the same as it was under Gordon.’ Popularity contest: Friends have warned Ed Miliband that he is less popular with voters than Gordon Brown . Mr Brown won widespread public support for an interview he did with Piers Morgan before the general election, in which he discussed the death of his first child Jennifer, coming close to tears at times. But the source added: ‘By the time Gordon did the Piers Morgan thing, it was too late. ‘We have to make Ed do it. ‘He’s a nice guy but all that people see is someone who is a policy wonk and stabbed his brother in the back.’ Former Tory leader Lord Howard said: ‘Ed Miliband faces a very difficult task – I don’t think he is making a very good fist of it.’
highlights: Labour leader has been told to make a concerted effort to 'make people like him'
id: 84a4b3c2add2d9b5da0a6a51601c2e7193d03abf
chatgpt: The leader of the Labour party has been told to improve his public image after his approval ratings have been found to be slipping. In a recent report, it was suggested that the party leader needed to make a concerted effort to "make people like him." The analysis came after a string of bad poll results for the leader, as well as a number of high-profile gaffes and mistakes that have made him unpopular with some voters. The report's authors say that while the leader is seen as intelligent and competent, he struggles to connect with ordinary people on a personal level. This has led to concerns among some party members that the leader could be a liability in the upcoming election, which is expected to be extremely close. With the governing party only narrowly ahead in the polls, there are fears that any misstep by the opposition could result in a victory for the incumbent. According to the report, the Labour leader needs to "own his mistakes" and "be more relatable" in order to gain the support of voters. It suggests that he should spend more time meeting ordinary people and getting to know their concerns, as well as being more transparent about his personal life and his beliefs. The report also suggests that the leader should be more active on social media, where he can engage with younger voters who are less likely to vote in traditional ways. It recommends that he should use social media to share his opinions and engage with voters directly, rather than relying on traditional channels such as TV and radio. While some party members have welcomed the report, others have been more critical, arguing that it is unfair to focus so much on the leader's personal image when there are more pressing issues at hand. They argue that the party's policies and vision should be the main focus of the campaign, rather than the leader's popularity. However, the report's authors say that the leader's personal image is crucial to the success of the campaign, and that without a strong, relatable leader, the party may struggle to gain the support of voters. They say that the leader must be willing to take risks and be more open with voters in order to win their trust and support. The Labour leader has yet to respond to the report, but is expected to make a statement in the coming days. His party is currently in the process of finalising its election manifesto, which is expected to be announced in the coming weeks. The report will undoubtedly spark a debate within the party about the best way to win the election, and whether the leader's personal image is indeed the key to victory. With the election just a few weeks away, it is clear that every vote will count, and that the fight for power will be fierce.