article: (CNN) -- Fifty thousand soldiers will patrol the streets of Bogota, Colombia, after violent protests that left at least two people dead and dozens injured, President Juan Manuel Santos announced Friday. Speaking on Colombian national television, the president said he may also send troops to other locations around Colombia that have seen violent clashes between protesters and security forces. Read more on CNN Espanol . CNN affiliate Caracol showed video of violent clashes between riot police and protesters in downtown Bogota, as well as images of other groups of protesters who blocked major highways connecting the Colombian capital with surrounding cities. Vandals have smashed windows at foreign businesses, banks and fast-food restaurants. They also damaged billboards and security cameras at bus stations around the capital. The protests have their roots in a strike that started on August 19. Farmers from around Colombia are demanding government support and credits, saying they can't compete against powerful agricultural businesses that benefit from free trade agreements. Farmers who traveled to the capital to protest were joined by labor unions and student groups in marches and protests throughout Bogota. Santos said those who staged acts of vandalism and attacked businesses are not legitimate farmers voicing their demands, but vandals taking advantage of the situation to loot and steal. "Unfortunately, several of these protests were infiltrated and taken advantage of by vandals whose sole purpose is to create chaos and destruction and damage public and private property," Santos said. "There's no protest that merits the loss of human life, even if the demands being made are legitimate." The Colombian president offered a reward equal to $2,600 for information that allows authorities to identify and capture those responsible for the acts of vandalism and attacks against security forces. Ariel Avila, a Colombian political analyst, told CNN that guerrilla groups have tried to infiltrate the protests and have participated in acts of sabotage including burning buses and some other acts seen in recent days. "But in general, this social movement has not been infiltrated," Avila said. "Here in the country's central region, in the provinces of Cundinamarca" -- which surrounds Bogota -- "and Boyaca, there has not been guerrilla activity in at least 15 years, so what the president said is not entirely accurate." Avila, a former professor at the National University of Colombia and the current director of an organization that monitors armed conflicts in Colombia, said that the farmers strike is causing shortages of food products in the capitals of four provinces, including Bogota. Each city has more than 500,000 inhabitants.
highlights: 50,000 soldiers will patrol the streets of Bogota, Colombia, after violent protests . Vandals have smashed windows at foreign businesses, banks and restaurants . President Santos says vandals infiltrated protests by farmers seeking government support . Colombian analyst: "In general, this social movement has not been infiltrated"
id: 71cba74caa3855eafaf836eda87125f5f503e27d
chatgpt: Bogota, Colombia - In response to the violent protests that have rocked the city in recent days, President Juan Manuel Santos has announced that 50,000 soldiers will be deployed to patrol the streets of Bogota. The move comes after vandals smashed windows at foreign businesses, banks, and restaurants during the protests. President Santos claims that the vandals who caused the damage were not genuine protesters but were instead individuals who had infiltrated the protests in order to cause trouble. The protests themselves were organized by farmers seeking government support, but it is unclear how many of the participants were involved in the vandalism. Some analysts, however, have disputed the President's claims about infiltration. "In general, this social movement has not been infiltrated," said one Colombian analyst. "There may have been some individuals who caused trouble, but the vast majority of protesters were peaceful." The protests, which began on Monday, have seen thousands of farmers take to the streets to demand better government support for agricultural communities. Many farmers feel that they have been neglected by the government and have been forced to compete with cheap imports, leaving them unable to make a living. The protests quickly turned violent, with clashes breaking out between protesters and police. Several police officers were injured, and dozens of protesters were arrested. The deployment of 50,000 soldiers is a significant escalation in the government's response to the protests. It is unclear whether the move will calm tensions or inflame them further. Critics of the government have accused President Santos of overreacting to the protests and of using the violence as an excuse to crack down on dissent. "This is just an excuse to bring out the military and silence the voices of those who are demanding change," said one protester. The situation in Bogota remains tense, with many businesses closed and a heavy police and military presence on the streets. It is unclear how long the protests will continue, or how the situation will ultimately be resolved. For now, the farmers' demands for better government support remain unmet, and the protests show no signs of abating. Whether or not the government's deployment of soldiers will be enough to quell the unrest remains to be seen.