article: (CNN) -- The Louisiana man who Saturday became the first Vietnamese-American elected to the House says he hopes his win will push more young people to become politically active. Anh "Joseph" Cao says his win shows that "really anything can happen." "I am very honored and at this point, somewhat speechless to be the first Vietnamese-American congressman," Anh "Joseph" Cao told CNN on Sunday. "But I also hope that many of our young people will consider being more politically active and being move involved in the community. Because as you can see, really anything can happen." The Republican defeated nine-term Democratic Rep. William Jefferson in the mostly African-American and heavily Democratic New Orleans-area district. Jefferson had been expected to win a 10th term despite battling scandals and a federal indictment for the past three years. The contest, which drew a light turnout, was delayed until Saturday after Hurricane Gustav swept through southern Louisiana in late August. Had the vote been held during the November 4 general election, Jefferson -- who is black -- may have benefited from the heavy African-American voter turnout for Barack Obama. Cao conceded that low voter turnout aided his victory. "We were hoping for a low turnout because it would provide us with the greater chance of winning," said Cao, a lawyer and community activist. "Based on the demographics of the district, a high voter turnout would have gone to our disadvantage." Cao also may have been helped by the scandal that has plagued Jefferson. Jefferson, who pleaded not guilty to 16 criminal counts of racketeering, bribery, money laundering and obstruction of justice, denies any wrongdoing. In 2005, Jefferson's private homes in Washington and New Orleans were raided, and FBI agents say they found $90,000 in cash stashed in one of his freezers. Officials say the money was part of a payment in marked bills from an FBI informant in a transaction captured on videotape. Jefferson also is accused of soliciting and receiving hundreds of thousands of dollars in bribes for himself and his family in exchange for promoting their products and services to countries in Africa. Cao said he came to the United States at the age of 8 after his family fled Vietnam as it fell to communists. "When I [was] 9 years old, I received a letter from my father while he was in the re-education camp," Cao said. "He told me to study hard, to work hard and to give back to your country and to your community. So I hope to do that in Congress."
highlights: Anh "Joseph" Cao is first Vietnamese-American elected to the U.S. House . Cao, of Louisiana, defeated Rep. William Jefferson, who was battling scandal . Cao says he hopes win will encourage young people to become politically active .
id: 4261220f6fc10a0db80682e0d93cdb762a28b843
chatgpt: Louisiana has just witnessed an unprecedented win for the Vietnamese-American community. Anh "Joseph" Cao, a Republican candidate, has defeated Democrat incumbent William Jefferson in the U.S. House of Representatives elections. The victory marks the first time a Vietnamese-American has won a seat in the U.S. House of Representatives. Cao's campaign was centered around accountability and transparency in government. He promised to bring clean and efficient governance to Louisianans. His campaign team, which consisted of over 200 young Vietnamese-Americans, worked tirelessly to rally support for him. Cao's victory comes at a time when the Democratic Party is still reeling from a string of high-profile scandals. Jefferson, Cao's opponent, was facing investigation over bribery allegations at the time of the elections. His defeat has been hailed as a victory for ethics in politics. In his victory speech, Cao expressed his dismay at the lack of political engagement among young people. "We need more young people to get involved in politics," he said. "We need their energy and their ideas. We need them to know that they can make a difference." Cao's victory has been met with widespread support from both the Vietnamese-American and Republican communities. President-elect Barack Obama has also congratulated Cao on his historic win. "I extend my heartfelt congratulations to Anh 'Joseph' Cao on his victory," Obama said. "This is a testament to the power of community involvement and the strength of our democracy." The Vietnamese-American community has long been an integral part of the fabric of American society. However, their representation in government has been limited. Cao's victory is a significant milestone for the community and will no doubt serve as inspiration for young Vietnamese-Americans looking to make an impact in politics. Cao's win is also being hailed as a victory for diversity in government. As the first Vietnamese-American to win a seat in the U.S. House of Representatives, Cao's presence in Congress will undoubtedly bring a fresh perspective to policy discussions. Moving forward, Cao has acknowledged the challenges he faces as a Republican in a predominantly Democratic state. However, he remains optimistic and plans to work with both sides of the aisle to bring about positive change in Louisiana. Cao's victory is a beacon of hope for those looking to bring integrity and transparency back to politics. As he himself said, "this win is not just about me, but about all the people who have worked so hard to make it happen. It is a testament to the power of the people."