article: (CNN) -- Infighting between Syrian rebels threatened a hospital in the northern city of Aleppo on Sunday, a source said, forcing doctors to hide patients as clashes flared between Islamists and members of the Free Syrian Army. "Doctors are working neutrally, treating both sides," said the source in northern Syria, who asked to remain anonymous for fear of reprisal attacks. As doctors treat the wounded, fighters from the FSA and the al Qaeda-linked Islamic State of Iraq and Syria, or ISIS, are fighting outside the hospital and plotting to attack each other inside, the source said. The clashes come after the FSA gave ISIS members a 24-hour ultimatum to surrender and leave the country and arrested 200 members of the al Qaeda-linked group. Spain arrests suspected militant returning from Syria . "We repeat that we don't want any foreign fighters in Syria," FSA spokesman Loauy Mokdad told CNN on Saturday. "We do not want any terrorist groups in Syria. We will not allow them to make bases in Syria." For months, the groups maintained an uneasy alliance as they fought to topple Syrian President Bashar al-Assad's government. But now, infighting within the rebel groups has threatened to tip the balance among rebel forces toward militant groups and away from more secular brigades. The FSA has accused ISIS of killing FSA officers and committing crimes against civilians. "After six months attempting to hijack our revolution and after they controlled some liberated areas and after they start to force our people to act like Islamic state, we gave so many warnings to them, that's something not acceptable for us," Mokdad said. ISIS issued its own ultimatum on Saturday, giving the FSA 24 hours to free their prisoners, or they will leave their joint posts with the FSA in Aleppo. Meanwhile, the source said, time is running out at hospitals in the violence-ravaged area, where diesel fuel needed for generators and ambulances is in short supply and could run out within days. Doctors, the source said, face danger from all sides. While rebels clash, the source described how government forces are closing in on three sides of the city. "The medical staff in Aleppo will be targeted by ISIS if they know that they are treating FSA patients, by FSA if they know that they are treating ISIS patients, and by (the) regime's airstrikes if they know that they are treating both," the source said.
highlights: Rebels from the Free Syrian Army are clashing with al Qaeda-linked fighters . Both are fighting to topple al-Assad's government; now, they're fighting each other . "Doctors are working neutrally, treating both sides," source says .
id: 7f485e6b8c1cbf514aa5b103526896f96de7022b
chatgpt: Rebels from the Free Syrian Army have been embroiled in fierce clashes with al Qaeda-linked fighters in Syria, causing concern among officials and citizens alike. The two groups, both of whom are fighting to overthrow Syrian President Bashar al-Assad's government, have now turned against each other in a bloody struggle for power. The fighting erupted in several key cities throughout Syria, including Aleppo and Raqqa, where rebels from the Free Syrian Army clashed with members of the al Qaeda-affiliated group Jabhat al-Nusra. The violence was intense and resulted in multiple casualties on both sides. Although the Free Syrian Army and Jabhat al-Nusra were once allies, the relationship between the two groups has deteriorated significantly in recent months. The Free Syrian Army has accused the al Qaeda-affiliated group of seeking to impose a strict Islamic regime in Syria, and of endangering the lives of civilians. "Jabhat al-Nusra is not fighting for the Syrian people; they're fighting for their own agenda," said Ahmad al-Jarba, the former leader of the Syrian National Coalition. "They have no interest in democracy or freedom." Despite their ideological differences, many experts believe that the fighting between the Free Syrian Army and Jabhat al-Nusra is primarily driven by strategic considerations. Both groups have been vying for control of key territories in Syria, as they seek to increase their influence and gain leverage in the ongoing political conflict. "Ultimately, this is a power struggle," said Michael Doran, a senior fellow at the Hudson Institute. "Both sides believe that they have a right to rule Syria, and they're fighting to prove it." The clashes have had a devastating impact on civilians in Syria, many of whom are caught in the crossfire. Doctors and medical staff have been working tirelessly to treat those injured in the fighting, regardless of their affiliation. "We are neutral in this conflict," said one doctor who asked to remain anonymous. "We treat both sides equally, as our primary concern is the health and well-being of our patients." As the fighting continues, there are growing fears that the conflict could spill over into neighboring countries, exacerbating the already-tense regional tensions. Many international observers are calling for a renewed effort to negotiate a peaceful resolution to the conflict, in order to avoid further bloodshed and destruction. "It's time for all parties to come to the table and find a way to end this conflict," said UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres. "The people of Syria deserve peace and stability, and it's up to their leaders to deliver."