article: China has smashed four child-trafficking rings and arrested more than a thousand people for using websites and instant messaging groups to trade babies, Chinese authorities said Friday. On February 19, police from 27 provinces across China rescued 382 babies and arrested 1,094 people suspected of buying and selling infants online, China's Ministry of Public Security said in a statement on its website. The sting was part of a six-month operation launched after police in Beijing and Jiangsu in eastern China received reports of a website promoting private adoptions. Potential buyers . Further investigations uncovered a virtual black market -- involving four websites, online forums and some 30 groups on a popular Chinese messaging platform -- that connected traffickers with potential buyers. The ministry said some of the people arrested confessed to using the sites. According to local media reports, 27 suspects were arrested in the country's southern Sichuan province, where 13 babies were also rescued. Another 43 suspects were arrested and 11 babies rescued in Anhui province, in eastern China. A woman arrested by police in Leshan, Sichuan admitted to buying two baby girls from Wuhan and Chengdu, in August 2013 and January 2014, respectively, Chinese state broadcaster CCTV reported. Another couple in their 30s told CCTV they used a Chinese website to buy a baby from an expectant teenage couple in Chengdu. They paid 20,000 yuan (US$3,250) for the child. It is not known where the other arrests took place. Major concern . Child trafficking has become a major concern in China, as traffickers seek to profit off a growing demand for healthy babies from potential adoptive parents both in China and beyond. Last month, a Chinese doctor received a suspended death sentence for selling babies to a trafficking ring. The woman, an obstetrician at a hospital in Shaanxi province in central China, sold seven babies in six separate cases after persuading her patients that their newborns were sick and should be given up, according to statements posted on the local court's official microblog account. The ministry said its investigation into the online baby-trading networks is still ongoing. It did not say whether charges have been brought against any of the suspects, or if the trafficking extended beyond China.
highlights: China busts crime networks using the internet to sell babies, authorities say . Police arrest 1,094 suspects and rescue 382 babies in the sting . Local media say some arrests took place in Sichuan and Anhui provinces .
id: 462eb943e38e427d05c685336109315a5c2a5697
chatgpt: Chinese authorities have announced the arrest of 1,094 suspects in connection to a major crackdown on criminal networks involved in the online sale of babies. The operation spanned several provinces and resulted in the rescue of 382 babies from the illegal trade. According to reports from local media, the suspects were arrested in Sichuan and Anhui provinces, and their operations had been uncovered by a coordinated effort between police and online tech companies. Police were alerted to the network's activities after receiving numerous reports from concerned citizens who had come across ads and websites promoting the sale of children. The bust revealed a disturbing trend of how easily human traffickers can exploit the anonymity provided by the internet to sell children. Several of the rescued infants were found to be suffering from malnutrition and other medical conditions, highlighting the dangers faced by these babies who are often passed off between multiple handlers. Authorities have since launched investigations into the individuals and networks behind the illegal activity, with a special focus on cracking down on the sources of these babies. "We will not tolerate any attempts to profit from the suffering and exploitation of children," said a spokesperson from the Chinese Ministry of Public Security. This is not the first time in recent years that China has had to deal with child trafficking networks. In 2017, authorities rescued 1,130 children and arrested 1,223 suspects in a similar operation. However, the rise of online platforms has made it even easier for criminals to engage in these types of illegal activities. The bust has been praised by child welfare organizations who have long been advocating for stronger action against child traffickers. "It is heartening to see that authorities are finally taking this issue seriously and are actively working to stamp out these criminal networks once and for all," said a spokesperson for Save the Children. While the arrests are a significant success in the fight against child trafficking, authorities acknowledge that more needs to be done to safeguard China's most vulnerable citizens. The government has vowed to continue to work with the public and private sectors to better prevent and investigate these crimes in the future.