article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 20:28 EST, 23 January 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 04:50 EST, 24 January 2014 . It is the role that turned Benedict Cumberbatch into a household name. Now . one of the creators behind Sherlock has pledged that the BBC will . continue making the hit detective drama until the actor 'gets too . famous' to want the role. In recent weeks Cumberbatch has become a . familiar presence on the red carpet due to his roles in the . Oscar-nominated 12 Years A Slave and August: Osage County. International star: In recent weeks Sherlock star Benedict Cumberbatch has become a familiar presence on the red carpet due to his roles in the Oscar-nominated 12 Years A Slave and August: Osage County . And the ever-increasing popularity of the British star in Hollywood is not lost on Steven Moffat, an executive producer on the show Sherlock. Speaking to the Television Critics Association in California Mr Moffat revealed that he is already preparing a fourth series. The only potential problem is that Cumberbatch appears to be growing more famous in the US by the day. Sherlock executive producer Steven Moffat says Cumberbatch will continue until he 'gets too famous' The third series of Sherlock made its American debut this week to impressive audience figures. Some 4 million viewers tuned in, up 25 per cent from the previous year. On the IMDB STARmeter, a gauge of film industry interest in actors, Cumberbatch is currently ranked in fifth place. The only male actor ahead of him is Leonardo DiCaprio. Speaking alongside Moffat, the actor attributed his career trajectory, in part, to the “iconic” standing of Sherlock Holmes. Asked about the fans who had gathered to catch sight of him at a Los Angeles hotel, Cumberbatch called the experience 'kind of extraordinary and a little bit unnerving … They are so supportive, loyal and by and large intelligent, and some of them normal.' He dismissed the idea that playing a character like Sherlock could prove overwhelming. 'I'm fine with it. I’m going to keep going with it... I love it. I find it very invigorating.' His co-star, Martin Freeman, who plays Watson, has also established himself in Hollywood. He will next appear in a US television series based on Fargo, the Coen brothers’ Oscar-winning film. Freeman has admitted that he initially doubted that a remake of Fargo was wise — a reservation he also harboured when first offered a part in a new Sherlock Holmes drama. 'I showed [the Fargo script] to my Mrs, and she’s like, 'You have to do this'. So I did.'
highlights: Sherlock creator Steven Moffat says the hit detective drama will continue . BBC will keep making show until Benedict Cumberbatch 'gets too famous' Cumberbatch has become something of a red carpet staple in recent weeks . Among his recent appearances is the Oscar-nominated 12 Years A Slave .
id: efc63bd76a868fae1777ae6da67864e1c7935c69
chatgpt: BBC's popular detective drama "Sherlock" is not going to disappear from our screens for quite some time, as creator Steven Moffat assures fans that the show will continue. During an interview with The Independent, Moffat revealed that the network will keep making the show until its star, Benedict Cumberbatch, "gets too famous" to continue. Cumberbatch has become a red carpet regular in recent years, with a string of high-profile roles that include Smaug in "The Hobbit" trilogy, Doctor Strange in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, and Alan Turing in the critically acclaimed "The Imitation Game". He has also received praise for his performance in the Oscar-nominated film "12 Years A Slave", which has cemented his place among Hollywood's elite. Moffat's comments will be a relief for "Sherlock" fans who were concerned about the show's future. The series has been hugely successful since its debut in 2010, earning critical acclaim and a loyal following. The last season aired in 2017, and there has been no official announcement regarding its return, leaving fans in limbo. Moffat, who co-created "Sherlock" with Mark Gatiss, has some experience with long-running franchises, having been at the helm of "Doctor Who" for several years. He explained that "Sherlock" was always designed to be intermittent, with the team taking their time with each season to ensure the best quality possible. He said: "It is really, really hard to get Benedict to do it. We are talking every day at the moment about what we are going to do next. We will make the show as long as Benedict and Martin [Freeman] want to do it. It is an expensive show to make, and none of us are going to do it unless we love doing it." Fans of "Sherlock" will be pleased to hear that the show is not going anywhere soon, and that their favorite characters, played by Cumberbatch and Freeman, are likely to stick around for a while. However, they will have to be patient, as there is no official release date for the next season yet. The delays, according to Moffat, are purely down to the creative process. He said that they want to make sure that each episode is perfect, as they know the fans are passionate about the show. He added that the team is working on new scripts, but he is not yet ready to commit to a release date. For now, fans of "Sherlock" will have to content themselves with rewatching past episodes and enjoying Cumberbatch's other work. But with Moffat's assurance that the show will continue, it seems that the detective and his sidekick are bound to return to our screens in the near future.