article: WASHINGTON (CNN)  -- One of the great headaches of the American dream is about to get less painful. The road to college promises to be a little easier with the coming shorter FAFSA forms. Millions of parents and students will have much shorter federal applications for financial aid to pay for college. The form, known as FAFSA, is infamous for its detail and is considered by critics to be more painful and complex than a tax return. The Department of Education plans to unveil a shorter FAFSA on Wednesday, cutting out more than a quarter of the questions and slashing the online version from 30 screens down to just 10. And in a partnership with the Internal Revenue Service, many families will be able to automatically download their tax data into online FAFSA forms starting in January. Education Secretary Arne Duncan is expected to announce those changes for the 2010-2011 school year at the daily White House briefing Wednesday, along with a proposal for Congress to cut even more bulk from the FAFSA . In a statement obtained by CNN Radio, the Obama appointee linked the slash in paperwork to the administration's economic push. "We have to educate our way to a better economy," Duncan said. "Young people and adult learners deserve the chance to go to college and to know the money they need is available." The changes to the FAFSA are often commonsense, dropping obscure specifics that affect few students' status, such as "special combat pay." Likewise, the agency is cutting through queries dripping in bureaucrat-ese. For example, the question, "At any time... did your high school or school district homeless liaison determine that you were an unaccompanied youth who was homeless?" will instead be, "Are you homeless?" The FAFSA overhaul has been a long time in the making. Last year, Democrats in Congress pushed through student loan reforms that included some requirements for shorter, more user-friendly versions of FAFSA. One of the captains of that effort, House Education and Labor Chairman George Miller, D-California, is ready for more. In a statement, Miller said he looks forward to working with Duncan, "to make college more affordable by making student loans more reliable, effective and efficient for families and taxpayers." Duncan will need Miller's help. The education chief wants Congress to cut out a number of questions that either affect very few students or are impossible to verify, including a particularly stress-inducing series about parental assets. In addition to lowering blood pressure during student loan season, the effort could save countless hours of work. According the Department of Education, some 15 million parents and students trudge through the FAFSA every year, as a required step toward scholarships, grants and loans.
highlights: FAFSA has been dreaded for its complexity and length . Department of Education will cut out more than a quarter of the questions . The online version will be slashed from 30 screens down to just 10 . Changes to the FAFSA will take effect for the 2010-2011 school year .
id: 4599e026edc3019eeedec3662014d622bf4d6ae6
chatgpt: In a move aimed at simplifying the financial aid application process for higher education in the United States, the Department of Education announced on Tuesday that it plans to cut more than a quarter of the questions on the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) form. The changes are aimed at making the aid process less daunting and time-consuming for students and families, many of whom have complained about the complexity of the current form. The FAFSA application form, which is used to determine eligibility for federal student aid, has long been a source of stress for students and families due to its length and complexity. The form currently consists of 108 questions spread across 30 screens, which can take hours to complete. Under the proposed changes, the number of questions will be reduced by 27%, and the online version of the form will be condensed from 30 screens to just 10. The questions that have been cut are those deemed to be the least relevant or necessary for determining financial aid eligibility. The changes, which will take effect for the 2010-2011 school year, have been widely welcomed by educators, policymakers and student advocacy groups. The Department of Education has said that the changes will make it easier for students and families to apply for aid and to understand the aid process. "By simplifying the FAFSA, we're making it easier for more students to access the financial aid they need to pursue higher education," said Secretary of Education Miguel Cardona in a statement. "This is an important step in our efforts to make college more affordable and accessible for all students." In addition to cutting the number of questions on the form, the Department of Education is also planning to make changes to the way that income data is reported. Currently, students and families must report income information from the previous year, which can be difficult for families whose financial situation has changed since then. Under the proposed changes, students and families will be able to use their tax information from two years prior to the application year, which will provide a more accurate snapshot of their financial situation. This change is expected to simplify the application process and reduce the number of corrections and updates that students and families need to make. The changes to the FAFSA form come at a time when more students than ever are seeking financial aid to attend college. The COVID-19 pandemic has caused significant economic upheaval, leaving many families struggling to pay for college. The changes to the FAFSA form are expected to make it easier for those students to access the aid they need to pursue their education. While the changes to the FAFSA form are a step in the right direction, many advocates for higher education reform say that more needs to be done to make college accessible and affordable for all. Some have called for an overhaul of the federal student aid system, arguing that it is overly complex and often fails to provide enough aid to students who need it most. Despite these criticisms, educators and student advocacy groups are celebrating the changes to the FAFSA form as a positive step toward a more accessible, equitable higher education system. By simplifying the aid application process, they say, more students will be able to pursue their dreams of a college education without being held back by financial barriers.