article: By . David Mccormack . PUBLISHED: . 14:32 EST, 11 July 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 14:55 EST, 11 July 2013 . Doctors in Albuquerque, New Mexico say it is a miracle that a newborn baby girl survived after her mom was struck by lightning on July 4. Heavily pregnant Kendra Villanueva and her boyfriend Ian Gordon were watching the Independence Day fireworks with friends when a storm approached. As the couple made their way indoors they were struck by lightning underneath a tree in Gordon’s mom’s front yard. Heavily pregnant Kendra Villanueva and her boyfriend Ian Gordon were struck by lightning underneath a tree in Gordon's mom's front yard . Miracle baby: Kimberly Samantha Rose remains in hospital, but is expected to be okay . ‘I had turned and started walking,’ Gordon told KCCI. ‘And next thing I remember, I woke up on the ground. My car alarm was blaring and I was dazed. I didn't know what happened.’ Fortunately firefighters who were nearby at another call were able to arrive at the scene within minutes. Villanueva said she woke up to find her hand was bleeding from where electricity left her body, but her main concern was for her unborn baby. The couple were rushed to hospital where doctors carried out an emergency C-section on Villanueva who was two weeks and half weeks away from her due date. Both parents face long-term muscle spasms as a result of being struck by lightning . Miraculously, baby Kimberly Samantha Rose Gordon survived the ordeal. She remains being monitored in hospital and is expected to be okay. An EMS doctor who treated the couple at the scene said there have only been 11 recorded incidents of a pregnant woman being struck by lightning - anywhere - and only about half of those babies survived, reports KRQE. Gordon suffered a ruptured eardrum from where the lightning either entered or exited through his left ear and he can’t currently hear out of it. Both parents face long-term muscle spasms as a result of the incident and Gordon is also using a cane while he regains his strength and balance. Gordon has suffered a ruptured eardrum, left, where the lightning either entered or existed his body, while Villanueva shows the scar on her finger from where the lightning left her body, right .
highlights: Heavily pregnant Kendra Villanueva and boyfriend Ian Gordon were hit by lightning on Independent Day . Fortunately firefighters who were nearby at another call were able to arrive at the scene within minutes . The couple were rushed to hospital where doctors carried out an emergency C-section . Miraculously, baby Kimberly Samantha Rose Gordon survived the ordeal and is expected to be okay .
id: d9c4ed89829a3f6393bf0763707138e453ae31cc
chatgpt: Kendra Villanueva, a heavily pregnant woman, and her boyfriend Ian Gordon suffered a devastating tragedy on Independence Day. The couple was hit by lightning while enjoying the holiday outdoors. The unexpected incident left both of them severely injured and in need of immediate medical attention. Luckily, firefighters were nearby at another call and received the distress signal. Within minutes, they arrived at the scene and rushed Kendra and Ian to the hospital. Doctors immediately performed an emergency C-section to save the baby, who was named Kimberly Samantha Rose Gordon.  Despite the trauma, Kimberly managed to pull through and is expected to make a full recovery. Her mother, Kendra, is also recovering after being struck by lightning while pregnant. Her boyfriend Ian, unfortunately, suffered the greatest impact of the ordeal and is still receiving medical attention. The incident has left the family and their loved ones in shock and disbelief. Kendra’s father spoke to reporters, saying that the family was relieved that the baby had made it through the ordeal. He also expressed his gratitude towards the firefighters who saved the couple’s lives. According to experts, being struck by lightning is extremely rare, but it can have severe health consequences. Pregnant women are more vulnerable to electric shocks, which can result in miscarriage, stillbirth, or premature birth. Medical professionals say that the risks can be avoided by staying indoors during thunderstorms, but this can be difficult during the summer months when people are more prone to being outdoors. Incidents like these serve as a reminder that nature can sometimes be unforgiving and unpredictable. During the summer months, thunderstorms can strike without warning, impacting even the most innocent of activities. Experts advise being cautious during these times and staying abreast of weather updates to avoid unexpected disasters. However, for now, the Gordon family can rest easy in the knowledge that their little Kimberly is safe and sound. Despite the harrowing events of Independence Day, a new life has come into this world, bringing with it hope and the promise of a brighter tomorrow.