article: An umpire has been banned from refereeing a cricket match between the Church of England and the Vatican over fears he might be 'biased' as his great-great grandfather was an Anglican bishop. Michael Claughton, 65, was told he 'could not be considered' because organisers wanted a 'theologically neutral' umpire such as an atheist. The member of Bethersden Cricket Club, Kent, said he was baffled when told he was 'unsuitable' for the match because his is related to Thomas Claughton, a former Bishop of Rochester and St Albans. Michael Claughton, 65, (left) was told he was 'unsuitable' to referee the church cricket match  because his great-great grandfather, Thomas Claughton, (right) was an Anglican bishop . He said: 'It's bonkers. This is church bureaucracy gone mad. They said to me - we'll probably be looking for a Methodist or an atheist. 'It's amazing really, I thought they would be glad to have my services, but they said I might be considered biased against the Catholics.' Mr Claughton, the deputy leader of the Conservatives at Ashford Borough Council, added: 'People know me and I'm very well known in the cricketing world. It's been part of my life since I was knee-high to a bee. 'I really did question their reason for refusing me. Pope Francis' Vatican XI* team will be going head-to-head with the Archbishop of Canterbury's best players on September 19 at The Spitfire Ground in Canterbury, Kent . 'It's as though someone's going to get out and I say 'no because of my ancestor in the 19th century' - it's never going to happen.' Pope Francis' Vatican XI* team will be going head-to-head with the Archbishop of Canterbury's best players on September 19 at The Spitfire Ground in Canterbury, Kent. Paul Handley, the editor of Church Times, confirmed that Mr Claughten had been 'bowled out', adding: 'It's perfectly true. 'We wanted to be careful that the match is seen to be completely fairly played.' Mr Claughton says he believes in God but has not held any positions within the church like his great-great grandfather. He said he was disappointed with the decision and surprised by the response from organisers. 'The greatest unfulfilled ambition of my life is to never have opened the batting for England,' said Mr Claughton. 'My offer was made in good faith and it would have been a huge honour to umpire the match. I just don't know how they are going to find these umpires, are they going to ask people what faith they are?' The Rev Claughton was made bishop of Rochester in 1867 and of St Albans in 1877. He was also a professor of poetry at Oxford University between 1852 and 1857.
highlights: Michael Claughton, 65, was told he was 'unsuitable' to referee the match . Archbishop of Canterbury's XI and Vatican XI* teams will play this month . Mr Claughton's great-great grandfather was an Anglican bishop . Thomas Claughton was bishop of Rochester in 1867 and St Albans in 1877 . The church cricket match will be played at The Spitfire Ground, Canterbury .
id: d534fee8f0a6ab4ae1a67a5e252770c4fa4952bf
chatgpt: A former vicar has been left devastated after being told he was "unsuitable" to referee a church cricket match between the Archbishop of Canterbury's XI and the Vatican XI teams. Michael Claughton, 65, was due to officiate the match which is set to take place later this month at The Spitfire Ground in Canterbury.  Mr. Claughton, whose great-great-grandfather was an Anglican bishop, had been looking forward to refereeing the match between the two religious institutions. However, he received an email earlier this week from the organisers of the event telling him he would no longer be needed. Speaking to the media, Mr. Claughton expressed his utter disappointment at the decision. He spoke with pride about his family's connection to the church, and how his great-great-grandfather, Thomas Claughton, was once the bishop of Rochester and St Albans. "I was so excited to referee this match," said Mr. Claughton. "It would have been a real honour to be involved in such a prestigious event, especially given my family's history with the church. It's very disappointing to be told that I'm 'unsuitable' for the role." The Archbishop of Canterbury's XI is made up of members of the Church of England, whereas the Vatican XI team represents the Catholic Church. The match is set to take place on August 26th, and is seen as an important opportunity for the two religious bodies to come together and promote unity and understanding. In a statement released to the media, the organisers of the event explained that Mr. Claughton was no longer required due to unforeseen circumstances. They added that they had managed to find a replacement referee, and that the match would go ahead as planned. "We are extremely grateful to Michael for his willingness to referee the match," said the statement. "Unfortunately, due to unforeseen circumstances, we have had to make some changes to the arrangements. We wish Michael all the best for the future." Despite this setback, Mr. Claughton has vowed to continue to support the church and its activities. He remains optimistic that he will have other opportunities to work with the church and its members in the future. "I'm disappointed, but I'm not bitter," he said. "I will continue to support the church and its activities as best I can. I hope that this match will be a great success, and that it will help to bring people together in the spirit of friendship and unity."