article: (CNN) -- The search is on for the next David Beckham. In a dream match up, the talent agency which represents global superstars Oprah Winfrey, Matt Damon and Christian Bale has bought sports agency IMG, which deals with tennis ace Novak Djokovic and NFL star Peyton Manning. The price of merging sport and entertainment is a reported $2.3 billion, paid by Hollywood agency William Morris Endeavor and private equity partner Silver Lake. "This has all come about with the process of sport morphing into entertainment," Simon Chadwick, Professor of Sport Business Strategy and Marketing at England's Coventry University, told CNN. "If you look at some of the sports personalities who are in the IMG portfolio then you realize they're not just sports stars. They are brands." Chadwick believes this agency tie up is an attempt to create "brand longevity" for their clients. "Take David Beckham, who is the perfect model for what agencies want from their brands," said Chadwick. "He went from being a football player to a fashion icon, has moved on to being a sporting ambassador and now he's on the brink of becoming a franchise owner," added Chadwick, referring to Beckham's interest in bringing a new Major League Soccer (MLS) franchise to Miami.. "Beckham is like a template. It's all about the creativity and longevity of the brand and that's what Beckham has achieved." According to figures reported by PricewaterhouseCoopers, the sports business is set to grow to around $68 billion by 2017 from $57 billion this year within North America -- an increase of about 5% per annum. The acquisition will give William Morris all the rights to IMG's college sports business and a whole list of stellar names currently looked after by the agency including Justin Timberlake, Djokovic, Maria Sharapova and Taylor Swift. "IMG has incredible strategic value to WME," said William Morris' co-CEOs Patrick Whitesell and Ariel Emanuel. "The brand's global reach, outstanding management team and leadership across sports, fashion and media are a strong complement to our business." WME, which represents Steven Spielberg and Denzel Washington, is now hoping to capitalize on the appeal of global sports stars such as Djokovic and Sharapova. "I was somewhat concerned that IMG would be taken over by venture capitalists," added Chadwick. "I think it's better in some ways that this kind of organization has taken them over. "It is their core business; they know how sport operates and how it works."
highlights: William Morris Endeavor seals deal to buy IMG . Will see WME combine sport and entertainment . Peyton Manning and Novak Djokovic amongst IMG clients . WME represents Steven Spielberg and Denzel Washington .
id: f15f27c6a867a0358ea8777f1d28dd282c6ebc50
chatgpt: William Morris Endeavor (WME), the leading entertainment and talent agency, announced on Monday that it has reached an agreement to buy IMG, a global sports, fashion and media company. The deal, which was rumored for months, is valued at $2.4 billion and will allow WME to combine sport and entertainment under one roof, creating a powerhouse agency with a roster of world-famous clients. IMG's roster of clients includes some of the biggest names in sports, such as Peyton Manning, Novak Djokovic, Serena Williams and Tiger Woods, as well as leading fashion designers and models, including Gisele Bundchen and Stella McCartney. WME, on the other hand, represents some of the biggest stars in Hollywood, such as Steven Spielberg, Denzel Washington and Charlize Theron.  The merger is significant as it brings together two of the biggest names in the entertainment and sports industries, thereby creating endless possibilities for unique collaborations and partnerships. Speaking about the merger, WME's co-CEOs Ari Emanuel and Patrick Whitesell said in a joint statement, "We are excited to welcome IMG to the WME family. The combination of these two companies will create unparalleled opportunities for our clients and partners in sports, entertainment, and fashion." The acquisition of IMG is not the first of its kind for WME, however. In 2013, it acquired the sports agency IMG Worldwide, which specializes in golf, tennis and other sports. The addition of IMG's global network of contacts and resources will boost WME's sports representation significantly, and the merger will allow the company to expand beyond representational services for athletes and into other areas of the sports world. The new development is already generating excitement in the industry, with many speculating what the acquisition may bring about for the near future. According to industry experts, WME's acquisition of IMG may be a gamechanger, forcing the industry to redefine what it means to represent talent. As the entertainment and sports industries continue to merge, the possibilities for content creation and brand partnerships seem endless.  In conclusion, WME's acquisition of IMG marks a significant turning point for the entertainment and sports industries. The development will see WME cement its position as one of the world's top talent agencies while expanding its capabilities and reach within the sports arena. This deal will undoubtedly create unique opportunities for clients and partners of both companies and set the stage for even greater things to come.