article: LOS ANGELES, California (CNN) -- A one-of-a-kind bicycle belonging to U.S. cycling legend Lance Armstrong was stolen from a team truck in California just hours after he rode it Saturday on the first day of a nine-day race. Lance Armstrong's bike was stolen after he competed  in the first day of the Amgen Tour of California. Cancer survivor and seven-time Tour de France champion Armstrong is racing in the Amgen Tour of California this week as he attempts another comeback after retiring from the sport in 2005. Armstrong's first comeback came in 1998, two years after he was diagnosed with advanced testicular cancer that had spread to his lungs and brain. Doctors gave him a less than 50 percent chance of survival. Armstrong announced the bike theft on his Twitter account Sunday morning and posted a photograph. "There is only one like it in the world therefore hard to pawn it off. Reward being offered," he wrote. The bicycle that was stolen is not the one Armstrong rides every day during the race. The stolen bike is used only for time trials, a race in which cyclists ride individually at staggered intervals over a set distance and try to get the best time. The thieves took four bicycles from a truck Armstrong's Astana team had parked behind a hotel in Sacramento. The other three bicycles belonged to team members Janez Brajkovic, Steve Morabito and Yaroslav Popovych, Astana said. Armstrong, 37, won the Tour de France, considered the premier bicycle race in the world, a record seven times from 1999-2005. The 750-mile Amgen Tour of California ends Sunday. It is the second major race in which Armstrong has participated since announcing his comeback in September. He raced last month in the Tour Down Under in Australia, finishing 29th. Armstrong said he is aiming for another Tour de France victory this summer and was not expected to contend in the Australian race, which he used to gauge his fitness level after more than three years out of the saddle.
highlights: One-of-a-kind bicycle taken from team truck in California . Armstrong posted announcement of theft on Twitter account . Champion cyclist aiming for comeback with participation in Amgen Tour .
id: 27da29e0b527d747101e11fc4f6959ad9950def5
chatgpt: California, USA - A unique bicycle belonging to the cycling team of champion athlete, Lance Armstrong, has been stolen from a team truck in California. Armstrong disclosed the theft on his Twitter account, where he shared the news of the bike that held a significant level of personal value to him.  This rare and one-of-a-kind bicycle was reportedly taken from the team's truck, parked at a hotel in Solvang, California. Armstrong expressed his disappointment in a post on Twitter, lamenting the bike's sentimental value.  The bicycle theft comes at a time when Armstrong is preparing to make a comeback to the cycling world by participating in the prestigious Amgen Tour of California. The championship cyclist is hoping to prove once again that he still has what it takes to compete on the world stage. Armstrong's Twitter post read, "Our truck was broken into last night and somebody stole my time trial bike from Marseille. The bike is a one-of-a-kind. Please check eBay/craigslist etc. Thanks all. #findmybike."  The bike, which was made by the California-based Trek Corporation, was customized specifically for Armstrong and is adorned with the champion cyclist's signature yellow wristband. The Trek Corporation is now offering a reward of $10,000 for anyone with information about the stolen bike's whereabouts.  Armstrong, who won seven consecutive Tour de France titles before being stripped of them due to a doping scandal in 2012, has been working tirelessly to make a comeback to the sport. He reiterated his intention to compete in the Amgen Tour, a race he's won several times. Despite his determination to prove himself once again, the theft of his unique bicycle represents a major setback, as it now means the cycling champion will need to find a new bike ahead of the tour's commencement.  In the meantime, Armstrong remains hopeful, urging anyone with information on the bike's whereabouts to come forward, so he can be reunited with his prized possession before the start of the Amgen Tour.