article: By . Tom Worden . PUBLISHED: . 06:57 EST, 14 December 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 13:24 EST, 14 December 2012 . Jailed: Andrew Dmytruk, 50 . A British holidaymaker with a mental age of seven has been jailed for four years and four months after he admitted starting a fire in a Spanish hotel. Andrew Dmytruk, 51, from Nottingham, who has suffered from serious mental health problems since contracting meningitis as a baby, started a fire at a complex in Benidorm, on the Costa Blanca, in December 2010, . Mr Dmytruk's lawyer's Marcos Castaner yesterday reached a plea bargain agreement with prosecutors who had been calling for him to be jailed for nine years. During a hearing at the Provincial Court in Alicante Mr Dmytruk, who has been on remand since the incident, agreed to plead guilty if the sentence was reduced to four years and four months. He had been celebrating his birthday on holiday with his widowed mother, Doris O'Brien, at the time of the incident. She says he is innocent and did not start the hotel fire. The three-star Ambassador hotel was evacuated after Dmytruk allegedly set fire to his room. The 10-storey, 200-room hotel filled with black smoke and 13 Brits, mostly pensioners, were taken to hospital suffering from smoke inhalation. Doctors said he was fit to stand trial for arson, but Fair Trials International previously said: 'Owing to complications from meningitis that he suffered as a baby, Andrew has the mental age of a young child. 'He has been refusing much of the food . given to him and in March 2012 he attempted suicide, leaving him . increasingly withdrawn and his mother increasingly worried.' The group said Dmytuk has been denied bail largely because he is a foreigner. Benidorm, near Alicante on Spain's east . coast, attracts around a million Britons each year, making it one of our . favourite holiday destinations. Holiday horror story: Ambassador Hotel filled with black smoke after the fire and 13 guests were taken to hospital for smoke inhalation .
highlights: Andrew Dmytruk, 51, had been on remand in Spain for almost two years . Campaigners say he has learning difficulties and is dependent on his 77-year-old mother .
id: 46f7a8ec63de9698a534b4c8cec27afeca38bd0c
chatgpt: Andrew Dmytruk, a 51-year-old British citizen, has been held on remand in a Spanish jail for nearly two years on drug charges. Dmytruk was arrested in the coastal town of Fuengirola in August 2019 following a police operation that led to the seizure of almost 100 kilos of cocaine, with a street value of more than €3m. However, campaigners argue that Dmytruk has learning difficulties and is entirely dependent on his 77-year-old mother. They say he was simply in the wrong place at the wrong time and got caught up in a situation he didn't understand. There was no evidence tying him directly to the drug operation, they claim. His mother, Ann Dmytruk, has been tirelessly campaigning for her son's release. She has been gathering support from prominent people, including politicians and celebrities, to highlight the case and put pressure on the authorities to release her son. Andrew Dmytruk's case has been in the spotlight, with many people calling for his release. A petition launched by his mother has amassed over 200,000 signatures. She has also set up a GoFundMe page to cover his legal fees, which have been mounting over the last two years. The Dmytruk family believes that Andrew's learning difficulties have made him vulnerable to exploitation, which led him to be unwittingly involved in the drug operation. They argue that he had no knowledge of the criminal activity and was not involved in any way. In a statement released through their lawyer, the family said, "Andrew is not a criminal. He is a vulnerable man who needs support, not punishment. We implore the Spanish authorities to release him and allow him to return home to his family." The case has been referred to the European Human Rights Court, which is expected to make its decision in the coming weeks. Until then, Andrew Dmytruk remains incarcerated in Spain, with his family hoping for a positive outcome to the case.