article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . UPDATED: . 07:41 EST, 18 December 2011 . A Tory MP who dismissed the way a D-Day veteran starved to death in hospital as 'a negative experience' has been forced to apologise for his 'stupid mistake'. Albert Buck, 84, lost eight stone in just two months at Darent Valley Hospital in Kent after being admitted with a fractured hip. His family were angry with the way he had been treated, and so wrote to Darftord MP Gareth Johnson asking him to take up the case. Outrage: Gareth Johnson MP (left) said he was sorry Albert Buck (right) had a 'negative experience' after he starved to death in hospital . But the former solicitor did not read the email properly and replied: 'I am sorry to hear your ­father had a negative experience. 'If your father lives in my constituency and you wish me to raise this matter with the primary care trust please return the enclosed form to me.' Albert's son Michael was 'staggered' by the reply. He said: 'Dad was among the troops who liberated Belsen but died looking like one of the inmates, thanks to Darent Valley Hospital.' Hero: Albert Buck was among the troops who liberated Belsen but died . Michael's brother Chris told the Sunday Mirror: 'I have little confidence in the NHS. I am now even more ­concerned about the folk that ­represent us in the seat of government.' Mr Johnson, who has now promised to set up a meeting between the family and the hospital, later met with the brothers and, according to Chris, 'could not apologise enough'. He said: 'Mr Johnson accepted the blame and said he’d made a stupid mistake.' Darent Valley has one of the worst rates for patient deaths in the ­country and its A&E department is in the bottom 10, with low levels of weekend staffing. A Facebook group exists called 'Darent Valley Hospital is the worst hospital ever'. It currently has 90 members.
highlights: Albert Buck, 84, lost 8st in two months . Had been admitted with fractured hip . MP 'didn't read' family's email asking for help .
id: 58fedffc4422b555e17cac3ff7ca4559ddc48efd
chatgpt: An 84-year-old man from London, Albert Buck, has made headlines after losing an incredible eight stone in just two months. The achievement has been described by medical professionals as remarkable, given Mr. Buck’s age and the circumstances in which he achieved the weight loss. According to reports, Mr. Buck was admitted to hospital in April after fracturing his hip. However, it was not his time spent in the hospital that led to the massive weight loss but what happened after he was discharged. Mr. Buck’s family had been struggling to care for him, and they had reached out to their local MP for help. However, they claim their email was ignored, and they were left to fend for themselves. Mr. Buck’s son recently spoke to reporters, stating that the family had been left “frustrated and disappointed” by the lack of response from their MP. He went on to explain that they had been unable to provide adequate care for his father, leading to his rapid weight loss. Despite this, Mr. Buck appears to have made a remarkable recovery. His family says that he is now much happier and healthier, and they credit his weight loss for this. Medical professionals have been impressed not just by the amount of weight lost but also by the speed with which it was accomplished. A spokesperson from the Royal Society for Public Health spoke to reporters, saying that it was “very unusual” for someone of Mr. Buck’s age to lose so much weight so quickly. They went on to emphasize the importance of support systems in cases like this and urged families to reach out for help if they need it. While Mr. Buck’s situation is not unique, it does highlight one of the challenges that many families face when caring for elderly relatives. With an aging population, healthcare professionals and policymakers are increasingly recognizing the need for better support for families caring for loved ones. For now, Mr. Buck’s family is simply grateful that he has made such a remarkable recovery. While they wish they had received more assistance from their MP, they are happy to have their father back to good health.