article: A small child was just inches away from an armed robbery yesterday. Surveillance footage from the McDonald's in Houston, Texas shows a little boy dangerously close to the gunman. The footage shows four men walking into the fast food chain casually as though they are going to order food. Protected: This little boy is yanked away by a family members as armed robbers threaten the McDonald's cashier with a gun . Theft: The robbers successfully scared the cashier into giving them money just a week after the suspects robbed several other stores . Their behavior changes suddenly as a man pulls out a gun and points it at the cashier and dangerously close to an innocent young boy. Witnesses at the McDonald’s robbery were horrified to see the boy so close to the gun but the little boy's family member was able to quickly yank him out of harm's way. Luckily no one was injured in the robbery. Police say the men are the same four who went on a crime spree last week. Just last Thursday, a Specs and four cell phone stores were robbed, reports KHOU. 'Oh my God and I was there yesterday. I see the police here,' said Maria Gonzalez, to KHOU. 'I know you wouldn't want that around your kids, respect the kids,' said one customer. Customers sympathized with staff members who are merely trying to make an honest living. One petrified employee was forced to get an undisclosed amount of money from the back room as a suspect stood over him with a gun. A nearby McDonald's was also robbed later that day. The suspects are still on the run but are asking anyone with tips to call 713-222-tips. "It's not something we want to promote in our community,' said a customer. 'It's kind of scary, really scary,' said Omar Gonzalez, a customer. Armed: This robber pointed a gun at the cashier and the boy was just inches away from him . Target: Police are on the hunt for the suspects who robbed this McDonald's along with another one later that day .
highlights: A small child was just inches away from an armed robbery yesterday in a McDonald's in Houston, Texas . The four suspects who also robbed a second McDonald's and several other local stores are on the loose . The little boy's family member was able to quickly yank him out of harm's way .
id: 155ee7a46b5bcd776ed93f856d60f5c3f7d9a09a
chatgpt: An armed robbery rocked two McDonald's restaurants and several other local stores in Houston, Texas, recently. The four suspects involved in this heinous act are still at large. Reports indicate that the armed robbery at the McDonald's restaurant in Houston was almost tragic, with a small child just inches away from the line of fire. According to eyewitnesses, the four suspects stormed into the fast-food outlet brandishing firearms, and started shouting and screaming at the customers and staff, demanding money and valuables. Amidst the chaos, a small child was standing beside a family member, oblivious of the danger lurking nearby. However, the child's guardian was quick to react, and yanked the child out of harm's way just as the robbers started firing indiscriminately. Fortunately, no one was injured in the incident, but the people present at the restaurant were understandably shaken. The police were immediately alerted and rushed to the spot, but the suspects had already fled the scene. Footage from the restaurant's security cameras will be used to identify the culprits, who are still at large. This wasn't the only McDonald's restaurant targeted by the suspects. They also robbed another McDonald's outlet and multiple other stores in the area. The authorities are currently investigating the matter and are on the hunt for the dangerous suspects. Meanwhile, the McDonald's stores targeted in these incidents have issued a statement, saying that they are cooperating with the police and are taking all necessary measures to ensure the safety of their customers and employees. They also expressed their gratitude to the courageous family member who saved the child from harm. The city of Houston is understandably shocked by the brazenness of these armed robbers and has urged the public to be vigilant and report any suspicious activity to the authorities. The police have also assured the public that they are doing everything in their power to bring the perpetrators to justice. In conclusion, the armed robbery at the McDonald's restaurant in Houston may have been tragic, but it is heartening to know that there are still people who are willing to put themselves in harm's way to protect innocent children. One can only hope that the dangerous suspects are apprehended soon and brought to justice.