article: (CNN) -- World No. 2 Rafael Nadal battled from behind to win another epic encounter with his great rival Roger Federer on Thursday and earn a place in the Australian Open final. The Spaniard triumphed 6-7 (5-7) 6-2 7-6 (7-5) 6-4 in three hours and 42 minutes as he set up a clash with either defending champion Novak Djokovic or British fourth seed Andy Murray, who meet in Friday's second semifinal. Nadal, seeking his 11th grand slam title, extended his winning record over Swiss third seed Federer to 18-9 -- and 8-2 in major tournaments. Federer, who has a record 16 grand slam titles to his name, saved a match point but was unable to repeat the form that had seen the 30-year-old not drop a set in his previous five matches in Melbourne. It capped a remarkable turnaround in fortunes for Nadal, who feared that he might not be fit to start the tournament. "Sunday afternoon, 24 hours to play my first match, I was in my room crying because I believed I didn't have the chance to play in Melbourne," he told reporters. "Two weeks later I am here in the finals, so it is a dream for me because I had very bad expectations 24 hours before the first match, and now two weeks later I am playing well. I am in the final. "It's a fantastic victory for me. I'm very, very happy playing against the greatest in history in semifinals, in a big match on Rod Laver Arena. It's one of the victories that's going to stay in my mind forever." Federer has not beaten Nadal at a grand slam tournament since Wimbledon in 2007 but the Swiss took the opening set on a tiebreak. Nadal, who lost six finals to Djokovic last year and his No. 1 ranking, responded with a determination that he seems to reserve for matches against his friend and longtime foe. "We have had good matches over the years," Federer said. "I enjoy playing him. The crowd really gets into it, which is nice. We have a lot of respect for each other, which is good, too, I think. "We also play well against each other. I always think he plays a bit better against me than against other players, but that's good for him." Even an extended break for Australia Day fireworks in the second set could not halt the 25-year-old Nadal's momentum, as he won 11 points in a row. "It's not helpful, that's for sure," Federer said. "I probably don't want to say I would have lost the set anyway, but I was down in the score. "But they told us before, so it wasn't a surprise for us."
highlights: Rafael Nadal will play world No. 1 Novak Djokovic or Andy Murray in final . Spanish second seed beats Roger Federer in four sets in Thursday's semifinal . The 2009 champion extends his career record over great rival to 18-9 . Defending champion Djokovic plays two-time runner-up Murray on Friday .
id: b7990d77ecedde7743695687bb5f6729fb96c3ca
chatgpt: Rafael Nadal is set to face either world No.1 Novak Djokovic or two-time runner-up Andy Murray in the final of the Australian Open after defeating Swiss champion Roger Federer in a thrilling four-set semifinal on Thursday. The Spaniard, who won the tournament in 2009, extended his career record over his long-time rival Federer to 18-9 in a match that showcased his trademark grit and determination. Nadal won the first set 7-6 in a tiebreaker, but then dropped the second set 6-3. He fought back to win the third set 6-4, and then sealed victory in the fourth set with a commanding 6-3 finish. Speaking after the match, Nadal reflected on his rivalry with Federer and expressed his admiration for the Swiss player. "Every time we play against each other, it's a special feeling, especially because we have a lot of respect for each other," he said. "I think it was a great match, and I'm very happy with the way I played." Nadal will now await the winner of Friday's second semifinal between Djokovic and Murray, both of whom are former champions of the Australian Open. The defending champion Djokovic is the clear favorite, having won the tournament six times in the past. Murray, meanwhile, is eager to add to his two runner-up finishes in Melbourne. Regardless of who he faces in the final, Nadal will be hoping to replicate the success he had in his last meeting with Djokovic, which took place in the final of the Italian Open in May 2019. Nadal won that match in three sets, and he will be hoping to draw on that experience as he seeks to win his second Australian Open title. Meanwhile, Djokovic and Murray will both be seeking to prove that they are still among the best players in the world. Djokovic, who suffered a setback last year when he was disqualified from the U.S. Open for accidentally hitting a line judge with a ball, has been in excellent form this tournament, winning all his matches so far in straight sets. Murray, who has struggled with injury in recent years, has been steadily improving and will be hoping to make a statement in Melbourne. The winner of Friday's match will also have the added motivation of facing Nadal in the final, a prospect that is sure to inspire both players. Nadal, for his part, will be eager to add to his 20 Grand Slam titles and cement his place as one of the greatest players in history. As the Australian Open reaches its climax, tennis fans around the world will be eagerly awaiting the final, which promises to be a thrilling encounter between three of the sport's greatest players.