article: Mexico City (CNN) -- A snack food truck driver was in a Mexican hospital Friday after his vehicle was set on fire, the latest in a string of attacks on his employer, a company spokeswoman said. "We do not know who is responsible for this act or what their motive may have been," said Aurora Gonzalez, a spokeswoman for PepsiCo, the owner of the Mexican snack food distributor Sabritas. "Sabritas is deeply concerned that any employee would be put in danger or harmed." The 29-year-old driver suffered burns over 70% of his body, officials said. Last weekend, five Sabritas distribution centers were set alight and about 40 delivery trucks were destroyed in the states of Michoacan and Guanajuato, the site of a turf war between cartels. Sabritas distributes snacks, including Cheetos, Fritos, Ruffles and Doritos. It says it controls 80% of the snack market in Mexico. Drug cartel members have posted banners saying the snack company let law enforcement agents use its trucks for surveillance, a charge Gonzalez denied. "Sabritas is a food company that uses its facilities and other privately owned assets to make, move and sell our products to our customers and consumers," she said. Mexico's vice minister of the interior, Obdulio Avila, said authorities have been in touch with officials from PepsiCo and other companies about what they are doing to protect businesses. "We will not allow organized crime to threaten any person or company in our country," he said. "The federal government will take all the action necessary to bring to justice those criminals who threaten the source of income for the Mexican people." This week, the U.S. State Department condemned the attacks on the U.S.-owned company and said government officials have been in touch with PepsiCo and Mexican authorities. "The United States will continue to assist Mexico's efforts to disrupt and dismantle criminal organizations in strict accordance with Mexican law and with respect for Mexican sovereignty," the State Department said in a statement. Sabritas was founded in 1943 and was acquired by PepsiCo in 1966. CNN's Rafael Romo and Nick Parker contributed to this report .
highlights: Thursday night's victim is hospitalized with extensive burns . Last weekend, five of the company's distribution centers were set ablaze . The Interior Ministry vows to protect businesses . U.S. State Department condemns the attacks .
id: fe69755d3c11b72c62b66d30a4a2b7ebe040bfbb
chatgpt: In a disturbing act of violence, a victim was hospitalized with extensive burns after being targeted on Thursday night. The incident comes just a few days after five of the company's distribution centers were intentionally set ablaze, causing significant damage to the facilities. The incidents have caused concern among the authorities and businesses in the region. The Interior Ministry has vowed to take steps to protect businesses and individuals from similar acts of violence. In a statement, the Ministry said, "We will not tolerate such heinous acts of violence against innocent people and businesses. We will do everything in our power to identify those responsible and bring them to justice." The U.S. State Department has also condemned the recent attacks, calling them "unacceptable acts of violence against businesses and individuals." The State Department spokesperson called on the authorities to take swift action to bring the perpetrators to justice. Business owners in the affected regions have expressed their concern and fear of further attacks. Many of them have been forced to close their businesses due to the damage caused by the recent incidents. In an interview, a local business owner said, "We are afraid to keep our businesses open. We have invested our life savings in these businesses, and we cannot afford any more damage." The authorities have assured the public that they are taking the necessary steps to protect businesses and individuals in the region. They have urged anyone with information about the recent incidents to come forward and help the police in their investigation. The recent incidents have also highlighted the importance of having adequate security measures in place to protect businesses and individuals from such acts of violence. Business owners are advised to review their security protocols and take necessary steps to safeguard their premises and assets. As investigations into the recent incidents continue, the authorities have urged the public to remain vigilant and report any suspicious activity to the police. They have reassured the public that they will do everything in their power to ensure that businesses and individuals are protected from further acts of violence.