article: NEW YORK (CNN)  -- Broadening the number of health care professionals who can administer vaccine, New York Gov. David Paterson issued a sweeping executive order Thursday officially declaring a state of emergency due to the increase in H1N1 cases, including 75 H1N1-related deaths in New York state. The announcement, which comes on the heels of President Obama's declaration of H1N1 flu as a national emergency, expands the categories of health care professionals who can give the vaccine to include dentists, pharmacists, podiatrists, midwives and emergency medical technicians, the executive order said. At a news conference Thursday afternoon, Paterson stressed that his order is not intended to incite panic but rather allocates the necessary resources to effectively combat H1N1 flu, also known as swine flu. "If an enormous number of flu vaccines came into the state because of an epidemic and an emergency and we need to administer them as widely as possible, we have expanded the health care personnel who would be deemed to have the authority to administer the flu vaccine," Paterson told reporters. Under current state law, some health care professionals are prohibited from delivering the vaccine because of limits on their professional duties. The governor's order waives any law that would prevent these people from giving vaccinations, according to Claire Pospisil from the New York state department of health. "It's called an emergency declaration, but what it does is that it provides New York the capability that once vaccine supplies become more available, it allows (health departments) to quickly vaccinate as many people as possible," Pospisil said. Dr. Mark Feldman, a retired dentist who serves as executive director of the New York State Dental Association, which represents 75 percent of the dentists in the state, said he would be more than willing to help administer the vaccine. "If there is a shortage and they need more hands, I can do my part," Feldman said. Health care professionals named in the executive order may not administer the vaccine at their individual practices. Rather, they must do so at a New York state health department distribution center. Feldman thinks it would be wiser to allow these health care professionals to distribute the vaccine at their private practices. "If there is a severe outbreak, to go to a mass distribution center, you risk being exposed," Feldman said. New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg issued a statement Thursday supporting Paterson's order. It will "let a larger number of health care workers administer vaccines, and strengthen our health department's ability to track the use of vaccine supplies," the statement read. About 800,000 people in New York City became infected with the disease during the first wave of the virus last spring, according to the New York City Department of Health . The New York health department will provide training for administering the vaccinations, though the exact amount of training required is yet to be determined, according to Tom Dunn of the New York state education department, which issues vaccine licenses.
highlights: Gov. David Paterson declared a state of emergency because of increase in H1N1 cases . Order allows dentists, pharmacists, podiatrists, midwives to give vaccines . Paterson said increasing those who can give vaccine would help state in emergency . Retired dentist: "If there is a shortage and they need more hands, I can do my part"
id: bbd4e8d84bff31f92b48e840a046161f9197ea85
chatgpt: New York Governor David Paterson has declared a state of emergency due to the increase in H1N1 cases. In response, Paterson has issued an executive order that allows dentists, pharmacists, podiatrists, and midwives to give vaccines. The order is aimed at increasing the number of healthcare professionals who can administer vaccinations and help the state cope with the emergency. The executive order follows the New York State Health Department's announcement that the H1N1 virus has reached epidemic levels in the state. The New York State Health Department has reported that over 1,000 people have been hospitalized due to H1N1 since the flu season began in September. Governor Paterson stressed the importance of increasing the number of healthcare professionals who can administer vaccines during the state of emergency. "We are taking aggressive steps to combat the spread of H1N1 by increasing the number of people who can administer vaccines," Paterson said in a statement. "This will enable us to better respond to the emergency and protect the health of all New Yorkers, especially those at highest risk of complications from H1N1." Paterson's executive order allows healthcare professionals who are licensed and registered to perform vaccinations to administer the H1N1 vaccine. This includes dentists, pharmacists, podiatrists, and midwives. However, the health professionals must complete special training before they can begin administering vaccines. Many healthcare professionals have already expressed their willingness to step up and do their part in the current emergency. A retired dentist, Dr. David Lee, said he's ready to help if needed. "If there is a shortage and they need more hands, I can do my part," Lee said. The response to Paterson's executive order has been largely positive. The New York State Dental Association applauded the order, stating that it will help increase access to the vaccine during the emergency. "This executive order is a great example of the kind of flexibility we need in a public health emergency," said Mark J. Feldman, Executive Director of the New York State Dental Association. Pharmacists have also welcomed the new order. "Pharmacists are the most accessible healthcare providers, and we're very pleased that the Governor recognizes that and is including us in this effort," said Craig Burridge, Executive Director of the Pharmacists Society of the State of New York. The H1N1 virus, also known as swine flu, has caused concern across the world since it first emerged in Mexico in April 2009. There have been over 4,000 deaths worldwide due to the flu, with the United States being one of the hardest hit countries. Governor Paterson urged New York residents to do their part in preventing the spread of H1N1. "It is critical that New Yorkers take this threat seriously and continue to take precautions to protect themselves and their families," Paterson said. "This includes getting vaccinated, washing your hands regularly, and staying home if you are sick." In conclusion, Governor Paterson's executive order allowing dentists, pharmacists, podiatrists, and midwives to administer H1N1 vaccines is a crucial step in combating the emergency in New York. With the help of these additional healthcare professionals, the state is better equipped to deal with the epidemic and protect the health of its citizens. It remains to be seen how the order will be implemented, but for now, it provides hope to those who are affected by the virus.