article: An 18-year-old man has been killed and at least 30 injured in Bangladesh following petrol bomb attacks linked to the country's disputed elections. The violence in Bangladesh has escalated since January 5 when protests broke out over the elections which was boycotted by the opposition Bangladesh Nationalist Party, who said it would be rigged. They were angry that Sheikh Hasina, who has been in power since 2009, refused to stand aside to make way for a neutral caretaker administration to oversee the election. A bus in the Bangladeshi capital of Dhaka was set alight with a petrol bomb, which left an 18-year-old dead . At least 30 people have been injured following petrol bomb attacks linked to the country's disputed elections . A Bangladeshi woman undergoes treatment after being badly burnt following a petrol bomb attack on a bus . The teenager who was killed on the burnt out bus today was named as Mohammad Sohag. The driver of the vehicle jumped free and escaped with minor burns. At least 30 people - including five police officers - have been injured in attacks on vehicles in Dhaka, the country's capital, since yesterday night. Prime Minister Hasina said the culprits 'will not be spared' on a visit to a hospital to see the policemen who had sustained burns today. But the government has ruled out deploying the military to restore order. Authorities have, though, blocked popular internet calling and messaging service Viber on security concerns. Distressed relatives comfort the victim of an arson attack on a bus travelling near the Khejur Bagan National parliament complex . A man receives treatment in hospital following an escalation in violence in Bangladesh in the last month . Khaleda Zia (left) and Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina (right) have alternated in power for the last two decades . Khaleda Zia, leader of the BNP, and Prime Minister Hasina have alternated in power for much of the last 20 years when the army has not been in government. The prime minister has resisted calls to give up her post and her government has tightened its grip on power by arresting opposition leaders and clamping down on the media. It comes in the wake of violent clashes between opposition activists and police during the general election, which saw 18 people killed on polling day and scores of polling stations torched. Human rights groups have expressed concern over the violence and urged those involved to refrain from further attacks. The UN human rights office has also called for a 'prompt, impartial and effective' investigation in to the violence.
highlights: 18-year-old killed following petrol bomb attack linked to disputed elections . Violence in Bangladesh escalated since controversial general election . Was boycotted by the main opposition party who said it would be rigged . At least 30 people have been injured in attacks on vehicles since Saturday . WARNING: These pictures contain graphic content .
id: 05eef1b34d237497f49afe51e7b87ad3046e97ae
chatgpt: A petrol bomb attack in Bangladesh has left an 18-year-old dead, with violence escalating since disputed general elections earlier this month. The main opposition party boycotted the polls, claiming that they would be rigged in favor of the ruling Awami League, which has been in power since 2009. At least 30 people have been injured in attacks on vehicles since Saturday, as tensions remain high in the country. Images from the scene of the petrol bomb attack show a vehicle engulfed in flames, with rescuers rushing to the scene to try and save those inside. The victim, identified as Shah Alam, died from his injuries in hospital. The CCTV footage of the incident shows a group of men on motorbikes riding up to the car and throwing a petrol bomb through the window, which then explodes. The attack has been linked to the recent elections, which have been marred by violence and accusations of vote-rigging. The international community has condemned the violence in Bangladesh, with the United Nations urging all parties to exercise restraint and respect for human rights. UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres called for "inclusive and transparent" elections, and urged the government to address the concerns of the opposition. The European Union also issued a statement condemning the violence, and called for "an immediate end to all forms of violence and intimidation." The EU called for "a peaceful and inclusive resolution of the current political impasse," and urged all parties to engage in dialogue to find a solution to the crisis. The ongoing violence in Bangladesh has sparked concerns that the country could slide into chaos, with the potential for further attacks and unrest. The ruling party has been accused of using force to suppress opposition voices, and the opposition has accused the government of using underhand tactics to control the media and intimidate voters. The situation in Bangladesh remains tense, with the international community calling for calm and restraint. The death of Shah Alam is a tragic reminder of the violent consequences of political turmoil, and highlights the urgent need for a peaceful and democratic resolution to the ongoing crisis.