article: By . Associated  Press Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 17:56 EST, 10 January 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 18:45 EST, 10 January 2014 . Charges dropped: Sexual assault charges against Midshipman Eric Graham of Eight Mile, Alabama have been dismissed at the  recommendation of prosecutors . A U.S. Naval Academy midshipman accused in a sexual assault case will not face charges, leaving just one of three original defendants in the case remaining. A Naval Academy spokesman said charges against Midshipman Eric Graham of Eight Mile, Alabama, were dismissed following a recommendation from prosecutors. Prosecutors initially accused three men of sexually assaulting a woman, also a midshipman, in 2012 at an off-campus house in Annapolis, Maryland. The woman said she didn't remember being sexually assaulted after a night of heavy drinking but heard from others she had had sex with multiple partners at a party. The men were all football players at the academy at the time of the alleged assault. The decision to drop charges against Graham was made by U.S. Naval Academy superintendent Vice Adm. Michael Miller. At an earlier stage of the case Miller also decided not to pursue charges against Tra'ves Bush of Johnston, South Carolina. Cmdr. John Schofield, spokesman for the Naval Academy, said prosecutors recommended Miller drop the charges against Graham 'citing no reasonable grounds to believe a crime of sexual assault was committed by Midshipman Graham due to the absence of evidence'. A major factor in the recommendation was a recent ruling by a military judge that statements Graham made during an investigation would not be admissible during a military trial scheduled for later this month. Scene: The sexual assault allegedly occurred at a campus off the U.S. Naval Academy in Annapolis, Maryland . Graham had faced charges of abusive sexual contact and making a false statement during the investigation of the case. 'From the start, we have always been confident that the truth was on our side,' said Chip Herrington, Graham's lawyer, after learning charges would be dropped. 'We are extremely pleased that Vice Adm. Miller has finally accepted the recommendation of dismissal, based on the absence of any evidence that a crime was committed.' Ryan Guilds, a lawyer for the woman who is at the center of the case, said today that his client is 'deeply disappointed' Graham will not be prosecuted and that he is 'troubled' Graham is 'getting off scot-free.' The Associated Press generally doesn't name alleged victims of sexual assault. The third midshipman involved in the case, Joshua Tate of Nashville, Tennessee, still faces charges. Tate's court-martial, the military's equivalent of a trial, is scheduled to begin February 10.
highlights: Three U.S. Naval Army officers were accused of sexually assaulting drunk female midshipman in 2012 . The Navy dropped charges against Midshipman Eric Graham today due to a lack of evidence . The victim said she was 'deeply disappointed' at the decision . Charges against Tra'ves Bush had previously been dropped . The third accused midshipman, Joshua Tate, faces court next month .
id: 0d4a9612df6ef569cd4ded0268d4683164615cb9
chatgpt: In a case that has rocked the U.S. Naval Academy, three Army officers have been accused of sexually assaulting a female midshipman who was drunk at the time of the incident. Today, the Navy dropped charges against Midshipman Eric Graham, stating that there was a lack of evidence to prosecute him. The victim expressed deep disappointment at the decision that came as a significant blow to her and others who believe in justice for victims of sexual assault. Graham was the second accused officer to have his charges dropped in the case. Tra'ves Bush had his charges dropped earlier, causing outrage among advocates for sexual assault victims who feel that justice is not being served in the case. The third accused officer, Joshua Tate, has yet to face court next month. The case dates back to 2012 when the female midshipman alleged that three Army officers sexually assaulted her while she was drunk. Following a lengthy investigation, the military decided to press charges against all three accused officers. However, the case has now seen two of the accused officers walk free. Supporters of the female midshipman have voiced their concern, saying that the decisions to drop charges against Graham and Bush have only served to undermine efforts to bring perpetrators of sexual assault to justice. They argue that the military justice system needs to be reformed to ensure that victims are not left without justice. The case has also drawn attention towards the military culture, where many argue that sexual assault continues due to the military's reluctance in punishing perpetrators, especially those in higher ranks. The issue has been brought to the forefront due to the MeToo movement, which has brought a wave of allegations of sexual misconduct across various industries, including the military. In a statement, the victim expressed her deep disappointment at the decision to drop charges against Graham. She said that the case had taken a heavy toll on her and her family, and the decision not to prosecute him would only add to her trauma. Her supporters have criticized the Navy's decision to drop the charges against Graham, arguing that it sends the wrong message and further harms victims of sexual assault. The case has heightened concerns about the culture of the military and its handling of sexual assault cases. Critics argue that the military justice system needs to be overhauled to ensure that victims have access to justice and that perpetrators of sexual assault are appropriately punished. As the trial of Joshua Tate approaches, advocates for sexual assault victims are closely watching the proceedings, hoping for a positive outcome that finally brings justice to the victim.