article: Small community newspapers, charities, think-tanks and even the Mumsnet parenting website could be hit with massive damages unless they sign up to the Government’s Royal Charter on Press regulation. A leading freedom of expression charity highlighted the potential threat after a detailed study of controversial legislation which will curb the freedom of the Press. In a major report, English PEN said the measures would have a ‘chilling’ effect on free speech. Mumsnet, which publishes news-related material, could fall under the legal definition of 'relevant publisher', which means it must sign up to the press regulation Royal Charter of face huge damages in libel cases . It warned that rather than being exempt from the laws, as the Government intended, tiny newspapers, campaign groups and political parties would be caught by them – while, incredibly, the sprawling BBC website (which is not regulated by Ofcom) would not. Under the Royal Charter, so-called ‘relevant publishers’ must sign up to the new Parliament-approved Press Regulation Panel. Publications that refuse to comply face exemplary damages in libel cases. Newspapers and magazines have refused to sign up, fearing it would bring an end to 300 years of Press freedom. Ministers insisted charities, not-for-profit community newspapers, specialist publications and political organisations would not need to join the regulator. But the ‘poorly defined’ legislation means some of those organisations may actually fall into the category of ‘relevant publisher’, says English PEN. These include Amnesty International UK, which is made up of charities and registered companies, Decanter, a magazine for wine buffs which carries news and Mumsnet, which publishes news-related material. Incredibly, the sprawling BBC website (which is not regulated by Ofcom) would not be caught by the new rules . Jo Glanville, director of English PEN, said: ‘Our analysis reveals a worrying level of uncertainty regarding the definition of “relevant publisher”.’ A spokesman for the Free Speech Network campaign group said: ‘It is particularly alarming to learn these draconian measures could apply – at crippling cost – to community newspapers and websites, blogs and hobby magazines, while a vast news operation like the BBC website is exempt.’ The Royal Charter was agreed between the three main political parties and Hacked Off after the Leveson Inquiry recommended ‘voluntary, independent self-regulation’. The Independent Press Standards Organisation, which oversees the majority of newspapers including the Daily Mail and can impose £1million fines for serious and systemic wrongdoing, has said it will not seek recognition under the Charter.
highlights: English PEN highlights potential threat after studying proposed legislation . Publishers who refuse to sign up face huge damages in libel trials . But incredibly the BBC website would not be caught by the new rules .
id: edafcbaf31a4a3466c3ddf2de1f68653349cbf57
chatgpt: English PEN, the writers' association, has raised concerns about proposed legislation that could have a potentially damaging impact on freedom of speech in the UK. The proposed laws would increase the potential for libel trials against publishers and journalists, with those who refuse to sign up facing the prospect of huge damages. English PEN has conducted a study of the proposed legislation and has warned of the risks to free speech. The laws would require publishers and authors to agree to a new code of conduct, which would set out more stringent standards for what can be published. Those who fail to comply with the code could face substantial damages in libel trials. The proposed laws have been met with widespread criticism from free speech campaigners, who have argued that they risk chilling freedom of expression. Many have pointed out that the code of conduct is too vague and could be used to suppress legitimate reporting. The most controversial aspect of the proposed laws is that the BBC website would not be caught by the new rules. This has led some to accuse the government of seeking to target smaller publishers and journalists, while allowing larger organizations to continue as before. English PEN has urged the government to rethink its proposals and to ensure that free speech is protected. The organization has argued that the proposed laws would have a chilling effect on journalism and on the ability of writers and publishers to report on matters of public interest. The government has defended the proposed laws, arguing that they are necessary to combat the rise of fake news and to improve standards in the industry. However, critics have pointed out that the laws could be used to stifle legitimate reporting and to intimidate publishers and journalists. English PEN has called on the government to listen to the concerns of free speech campaigners and to ensure that the proposed laws do not have a chilling effect on journalism. The organization has called for greater clarity on the code of conduct and for appropriate safeguards to protect legitimate reporting. The proposed legislation remains under discussion and is likely to face further scrutiny in the coming weeks and months. Free speech campaigners will be watching closely to see how the government responds to their concerns and whether it is willing to make changes to protect freedom of expression.