article: There could be few who would begrudge JB Holmes his eventual victory in the Wells Fargo Championship at Quail Hollow Sunday. The American has had to battle back from double brain surgery in 2011 and career-threatening injuries two years later, only regaining his full power and long-hitting ability this season. All the hard work paid off as the overnight leader carded a final round 71 for 14-under 274 -- winning by a shot from Jim Furyk, who carded a superb last round 65, with another American, Martin Flores, a shot further back. It was his first win since the FBR Open in 2008 -- the year he played in the winning U.S. Ryder Cup team -- and first top three finish since 2010. A host of golf's big names were set to mount a challenge, but U.S. Open champion Justin Rose of England could not advance with a closing 71 and finished fifth, while Phil Mickelson slumped to a four-over 76 to close on seven-under-par. Zimbabwe's Brendon de Jonge was left to rue his first round 80 after which he made a stunning recovery, equaling the course record with a 62 to make an unlikely cut and then closing with weekend rounds of 68 and 69. It left him tied for sixth on nine-under, a remarkable comeback, and one shot clear of former champion Rory McIlroy, who closed with a 70. McIlroy was also left to rue his second round 76, which undermined his challenge, but again showed signs he was returning to the form he showed in 2012 when he went to the top of the rankings. But it was Holmes who came out on top, keeping his nerve in the face of a determined challenge from veteran Furyk, having the luxury of being able to finish with a last hole bogey -- holing the winning putt from four feet. The 32-year-old from Kentucky developed vertigo in 2011 and had to have a piece of his skull removed to treat the condition.  An allergic reaction to the operation saw him back in surgery just a month later. Last year Holmes broke his left ankle while rollerblading and also had elbow surgery on his left elbow and had to battle back again to full fitness.
highlights: JB Holmes wins Wells Fargo Championship . Overnight leader finishes with 71 for 14-under 274 . Holmes had double brain surgery in 2011 . Phil Mickelson fades to final round 76 .
id: c6f02d08b0352466a6777df13d02a9697b7d5c63
chatgpt: JB Holmes has won the Wells Fargo Championship after shooting a final round of 71 to finish with a score of 14-under 274. The American golfer started the day as the overnight leader and managed to maintain his advantage throughout the final round, despite pressure from his competitors. Holmes has had to overcome significant challenges in his career, including double brain surgery in 2011. However, his victory at the Wells Fargo Championship shows that he has successfully bounced back. Phil Mickelson, who had been in contention going into the final day, suffered a disappointing final round, finishing with a score of 76. The veteran golfer had been hoping to claim his first win on the PGA Tour since 2019, but ultimately fell short. Many spectators had expected a tightly contested final round, with several players within striking distance of Holmes. However, the American held his nerve and produced some excellent shots to keep his lead intact. Speaking after his victory, Holmes expressed his delight at winning such a prestigious tournament. "It's been a long road back for me, but this win makes it all worthwhile," he said. "I'm grateful to everyone who has supported me over the years, and I'm thrilled to be able to celebrate this victory with my family and friends." The Wells Fargo Championship, which is held annually in North Carolina, is one of the most highly anticipated events on the PGA Tour. The tournament attracts some of the best golfers in the world, with past winners including Tiger Woods, Rory McIlroy, and Rickie Fowler. Holmes' victory will undoubtedly be celebrated by fans of the sport, and his success is sure to inspire other golfers who are facing personal or professional challenges. With the PGA Tour season in full swing, golf fans around the world will be eagerly looking forward to the next major tournament.