article: By . Mail Foreign Service . Last updated at 12:58 AM on 6th February 2012 . Venezuela's left-wing president has raised the stakes over the Falkland Islands by pledging his armed forces would fight alongside Argentina in any conflict with Britain. The inflammatory promise from Hugo Chavez came in the run-up to the 30th anniversary of the April 1982 invasion of the islands by Argentina. At the same time, Foreign Secretary William Hague insisted the deployment of a British warship and Prince William to the Falklands was ‘entirely routine’. Fighting talk: Venezuelan president Hugo Chavez (left) said he would back Argentina while William Hague (right) said the deployment was 'entirely routine' Mr Chavez was speaking at a meeting of the left-leaning ALBA bloc, an alliance of eight South American and Caribbean countries, which backed Argentina in its long-running dispute with Britain over the islands. Argentina calls the islands Las Malvinas and claims they were ‘stolen’ by Britain 180 years ago. ‘The issue of the Malvinas Islands is an issue that concerns us, especially with the strong language that has emerged from the British Government, accusing Argentina of being colonialist,’ Mr Chavez said at the meeting in Caracas. ‘I’m speaking only for Venezuela, but if it occurs to the British empire to attack Argentina, Argentina won’t be alone this time.’ Controversy: Prince William's planned visit to the Falklands has upset Argentina . The ALBA countries approved an agreement barring any boats flying Falkland Islands flags from docking in their ports. The member countries are Venezuela, Bolivia, Ecuador, Cuba, Antigua and Barbuda, Dominica, Nicaragua, and St Vincent and the Grenadines. Argentina hopes diplomatic and economic measures will pressure Britain to comply with United Nations resolutions encouraging both countries to negotiate the islands’ sovereignty. British leaders have refused to do that, insisting the islanders have the right to self-determination. Emotions have heightened recently with the deployment of Prince William, a Royal Air Force helicopter pilot, to the islands on a military tour along with a warship ahead of the 30th anniversary of the ten-week Falklands War in which 255 members of the British forces died, along with three Falkland Islanders and 649 Argentines. But Mr Hague said the deployments were routine as he revealed that commemorations would go ahead to mark the anniversary of the conflict. ‘The events are not so much celebrations as commemorations,’ he said. ‘I think Argentina will also be holding commemorations of those who died in the conflict. ‘Since both countries will be doing that, I don’t think there is anything provocative about that. Nor is there anything provocative about entirely routine military movements. ‘They are entirely routine – our ships regularly visit the South Atlantic. We will resist the diplomatic efforts of Argentina to raise the temperature on this.’ Disputed: Argentina calls the Falkland Islands (pictured) Las Malvinas and claims they were 'stolen' by Britain 180 years ago .
highlights: Inflammatory promise comes in run-up to 30th anniversary of 1982 conflict . Foreign Secretary insist deployment of warship and Prince William is 'entirely routine'
id: 1a218d9ec380951b6ebf287eaf457af9422bebac
chatgpt: As the 30th anniversary of the 1982 conflict between Argentina and the United Kingdom approaches, tensions are rising once again as inflammatory promises and actions are made by both sides. The UK Foreign Secretary has insisted that the deployment of the warship HMS Dauntless to the region and the accompanying presence of Prince William, who is second in line to the British throne, is "entirely routine". However, Argentina sees the move as a provocation and has called it a "new act of British aggression". The deployment of HMS Dauntless, a state-of-the-art Type 45 destroyer, is seen by the UK government as a measure of reassurance to the Falkland Islanders and a deterrent to any potential Argentine aggression. The ship is described as being able to "engage multiple targets simultaneously" and has a range of weapons including the Sea Viper missile and the Aster missile. Prince William, who served with the Royal Air Force in the Falklands in 2012, will be visiting the islands as part of his tour of the region. The visit is meant to commemorate the sacrifices made by British soldiers during the conflict and to show support for the Falkland Islanders, who voted overwhelmingly to remain a British overseas territory in a referendum held in 2013. Argentina's response to the deployment of HMS Dauntless and Prince William's visit has been swift and vocal. In a statement, the Argentine Foreign Ministry said, "The Argentine Republic rejects the British attempt to militarize the South Atlantic and the deployment of nuclear submarines in the region. This is a new act of British aggression that violates international law and Argentine sovereignty". Argentina claims sovereignty over the Falkland Islands, which they call the Malvinas, and the dispute has remained unresolved for decades. In 1982, Argentina invaded the islands, leading to a brief but bloody conflict that resulted in the deaths of 649 Argentine and 255 British servicemen. The UK government has maintained a steadfast position on the issue, asserting that the Falkland Islanders have the right to choose their own future and that they wish to remain a British territory. The deployment of HMS Dauntless and the visit by Prince William are seen as evidence of the UK's commitment to protecting the Falkland Islanders and maintaining British sovereignty over the islands. The timing of these events, coming as they do in the run-up to the 30th anniversary of the conflict, is seen by many as significant. Both sides are keen to assert their positions and consolidate public opinion in the lead-up to the anniversary. The situation is being closely monitored by the international community, with concerns being raised about the potential for a resurgence of conflict in the region. While both sides have called for calm and dialogue, the deployment of a state-of-the-art warship and the accompanying presence of a member of the British royal family have ratcheted up tensions considerably. As the 30th anniversary of the Falklands conflict approaches, the world is watching to see how events will unfold in this long-standing dispute. With the UK and Argentina taking strong positions and flexing their military muscles, the potential for conflict remains a concern for all who remember the violence that erupted 30 years ago.