article: By . Lizzie Edmonds . PUBLISHED: . 07:32 EST, 24 November 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 07:32 EST, 24 November 2013 . Stoke City Football Club has been rocked by historic assault claims allegedly carried out by senior players in the 1980s, it has been revealed. Eight former apprentice players have reportedly claimed senior footballers made them suffer 'humiliating' abuse while they played at the club. One ­alleged victim said he was assaulted by a first team player who coated a rubber glove with a  muscle soothing cream before using it to abuse him as part of an 'initiation ceremony'. Former apprentice players claim they were abused by senior footballers at Stoke City FC, it has been reported . Staffordshire Police . ­confirmed they launched an ­investigation into the claims in 2008 - which saw witnesses questioned by officers over the allegations. They also spoke with four men in connection to the claims. At the time the Crown Prosecution Service told the apprentices there was insufficient evidence and no action was taken. According to the Sunday People, . following several high-profile abuse cases such as the Jimmy Savile . scandal, the men, all in their teens when the abuse allegedly took . place, have reportedly resumed the case. The men are thought to have passed on details of the alleged abuse to legal . experts - who are reportedly drawing up plans for the case. Stoke officials said they 'fully co-operated' with an ­investigation in 2008. They said there was no ­question of any staff at Stoke City FC taking place in any alleged abuse. A spokesman told the newspaper: 'Stoke City Football Club is aware of historical ­allegations which have been made against former players of the club relating to the 1980s. 'The police conducted investigations into various claims against those former players five years ago. 'The club cooperated fully with those investigations. It is alleged the assaults took place in the 1980s - when the club played at the Victoria Stadium, pictured . 'The club understands that no charges were brought against any of the individuals involved, all of whom left the club over 20 years ago. 'The club can give absolute ­reassurance that it is fully committed to the safety and protection of ­individuals at the club and has robust safeguarding policies in place which are frequently reviewed and updated.' Chief Superintendent Bernie O’Reilly . from Staffordshire Police said: 'Staffordshire Police investigated some . historic allegations against former players. 'The investigation included ­speaking with a number of witnesses and voluntarily interviewing four people. 'Consultation was ­regularly made with the Crown Prosecution Service and a decision was made not to ­prosecute anyone.' 'We treat any allegation of this nature extremely seriously and I would encourage any victims to make contact with us. 'We . have specially trained ­detectives who will support and sensitively . work with them. We will thoroughly ­investigate any allegations made to . us, regardless of how long ago the offences took place.' Sorry we are unable to accept comments for legal reasons.
highlights: Eight apprentice players allege senior footballers abused them . Case was reportedly launched in 2008 - with police speaking to four men . CPS said there was insufficient evidence and case thrown out . Other abuse cases - such as Savile scandal - has reportedly persuaded alleged victims to resume case . One says player assaulted him with a rubber glove coated in muscle cream .
id: 08dd3ff4509b9877cdc5f8da1725e66c751a614b
chatgpt: Eight former apprentices of a prominent football club in the UK have come forward alleging that they were subjected to sexual and physical abuse by senior players. The case had reportedly been launched in 2008, however, it was dismissed by the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) citing insufficient evidence. Despite this decision, recent abuse scandals have inspired the alleged victims to resume their case. According to reports, at the heart of the allegations is the claim that senior footballers abused their power to exploit their younger colleagues. The victims describe being in a vulnerable position as apprentices, with many being thousands of miles away from their families and homes. It is suggested that senior members of the team took advantage of their naivety and subjected them to degrading and humiliating treatment. The police had initially interviewed four men in connection with the allegations back in 2008. However, the CPS, after reviewing the evidence, decided there were no grounds for a criminal prosecution. This, understandably, left the victims feeling dejected and unable to move forward. However, the victims involved in the case have now been inspired to resume proceedings by other historic cases such as the Jimmy Savile scandal. They have bravely highlighted the alleged abuse that they suffered while they were young footballers. According to one of the victims, he was assaulted with a rubber glove coated in muscle cream by a senior player. The victim describes this as “degrading and invasive,” but it is just one example of the abusive conduct that the apprentices have alleged. The victim goes on to describe how the abuse has affected him mentally and emotionally for years: “I had to leave the football club due to a breakdown in mental health. The abuse had taken its toll, and I was struggling to function. But worse still, I found it challenging to open up about what had happened.” This reluctance to disclose what had happened is typical of many victims of abuse. It is only through the recent exposure of abuse in the press that people have been empowered to speak out. The victims involved have stressed that they are not seeking any financial gain but instead want to see justice being done. They hope that by speaking out, they will encourage other victims of abuse to come forward, and ultimately create a safer environment for future footballers. It is essential that any allegations of abuse are taken seriously and investigated thoroughly. Despite the CPS previously dismissing the case, it is right that the victims involved should have the opportunity to present their evidence in court. Through the bravery of these former apprentices, it is hoped that a light will be shone on the culture of abuse in football and help to create an environment in which future players are safe. The allegations of abuse against senior footballers by these young apprentices are a matter of public concern. The victims involved have shown incredible bravery in coming forward once again. It is important that any potential criminal proceedings are conducted fairly, transparently, and are supported by ongoing efforts within the sporting community to have an inclusive, respectful and appropriate culture for all.