article: Five Republican presidential candidates are boycotting a proposed Univision debate because of what they say were unethical reporting practices by the Spanish-language network in how it handled a story concerning Republican Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida. Univision Tuesday denied allegations that it told Rubio it might not broadcast a story about his brother-in-law's 24-year-old drug conviction if the freshman senator appeared on "Al Punto," one of the network's news programs. Univision has called the allegations "absurd" and says its July story of the drug bust was reported fairly and accurately. "With respect to Sen. Rubio, Univision covered the issue in the same objective and impartial manner in which we cover all important news," Isaac Lee, president of Univision news, said in a written statement. "Univision did not offer to soften or ignore the report about an anti-drug raid that involved the family of Sen. Rubio. We would never make such an offer with any protagonist in a news report and we did not make an offer in this case." Rubio, the former Florida House speaker, is a freshman senator and a star among Republicans, who talk about him as a possible running mate on the GOP ticket next year. Univision has tried for quite some time to have him as a guest on its network news programs, where he would likely face tough questions about his stance on immigration reform. The Miami Herald was the first news organization to report the story. It said it obtained its information from various sources, including some from within Univision. A spokesman from Rubio's office said that  "The Miami Herald's article is accurate. Univision employees themselves were the first to come forward with this account, and we confirmed it." Rep. David Rivera, a close friend of Rubio, told CNN Wednesday that he had talked with Rubio and his family members "minute by minute as the incident was occurring." "I don't think the staffers of Marco Rubio's office were ... inventing those details. They were very, very clear details. ... It was a clear exchange of having the exclusive interview with the senator and that way, not airing the report about the relative of Marco Rubio," the Republican congressman said. The allegations against Univision prompted three Hispanic GOP leaders in Florida to call for the GOP presidential candidates to boycott Univision's proposed debate in late January in the Sunshine state, just before Florida holds its presidential primary. The candidates who have agreed to boycott the debate are former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney, Texas Gov. Rick Perry, former Utah Gov. Jon Huntsman, businessman and former Godfather's Pizza CEO Herman Cain, and Rep. Michele Bachmann of Minnesota. Univision was proposing to hold a debate on January 29, two days before Florida Republicans' presidential primary. CNN and the Republican Party of Florida are hosting a presidential debate in the days before the primary, and NBC and Telemundo, another Spanish-language network, also are planning to host on a debate in Florida around the same time.
highlights: A congressman says he heard about the situation from Rubio as it occurred . Univision denies allegations it used a story as leverage for an interview . Hispanic GOP leaders asked for a debate boycott over the matter . The allegations involve Republican Sen. Marco Rubio and his brother-in-law .
id: e89d89c98f9175a95da83dcd2b6dda2b88eab2b6
chatgpt: In a recent turn of events, Univision, a Spanish-language television network, has been accused of using a news story as leverage for an interview. The allegations involve Republican Sen. Marco Rubio and his brother-in-law and have sparked controversy among Hispanic GOP leaders. The situation initially came to light when a congressman claimed he heard about it from Rubio as it occurred. The congressman, who wished to remain anonymous, relayed the story to others, claiming that Univision had threatened to run a story about Rubio's brother-in-law unless he agreed to do a sit-down interview with them. Rubio reportedly refused to do the interview, and the story ran anyway. This prompted Hispanic GOP leaders to call for a boycott of future debates to protest what they see as Univision's unethical behavior. Univision, for their part, denied the allegations, stating that they did not use the story as leverage for an interview. In a statement released to the press, the network said that they stand by their reporting and that they did not engage in any unethical behavior. Despite Univision's denial, the allegations have caused a stir among Hispanic GOP leaders, many of whom are calling for a full investigation into the matter. They argue that Univision's actions were not just unethical but also potentially illegal. Rubio himself has been relatively quiet on the matter, avoiding the media and declining to comment on the situation. Some speculate that this is because he does not want to draw too much attention to the story or because he is afraid of what might come out if a full investigation is conducted. The situation has also raised questions about the ethics of the media and their relationship with political figures. Many see Univision's alleged actions as a prime example of the influence that the media can hold over politicians and public figures. Others, however, argue that situations like this are few and far between and that most media outlets act ethically and responsibly. They caution against painting all media with the same brush and urge people to look at each situation on a case-by-case basis. Regardless of where you fall on the debate, it is clear that the allegations against Univision have opened up a larger conversation about media ethics and the relationship between the media and politicians. It remains to be seen what, if anything, will come of the calls for a boycott or a full investigation, but one thing is clear: this story is far from over.