article: Kate took the crown with Emeli Sandé in second and Boris Johnson in third . The Queen took fourth place . Even Britain's Got Talent's Pudsey was in the top ten . By . Bianca London . PUBLISHED: . 06:15 EST, 7 January 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 06:15 EST, 7 January 2013 . Her thick mahogany locks that rarely look anything less than glossy and perfectly blowdried have, unsurprisingly, become her trademark. Her style, known as the Chelsea Blowdry, has become one of the most popular looks of our time. And just a month ago, she even gave the 70s fringe a serious style revival. So it comes as no surprise that the Duchess of Cambridge has taken the crown as she topped the list of 'Most Iconic Hairstyles of 2012'. The award, as voted for by a panel of judges and the public, saw songstress Emeli Sandé's cool, cropped locks take second place and London mayor Boris Johnson's blonde mop come in third. Top of the locks: The Duchess of Cambridge took the crown for 2012's most iconic hairstyle with Boris Johnson coming in third . A spokesman for Fabriah.com, who carried out the research, said: 'Although his unruly mop top scored relatively poorly with the judges, huge public support pushed [Johnson] into the bronze medal position.' The former Kate Middleton wasn't the only royal to enter the list. The Queen, who showed off her perfectly set silver locks at the Jubilee and Summer Games, took fourth place. Royal do: Singer Emeli Sande came in second place with the Queen's silver locks taking fourth place . Olympian Bradley Wiggins came in fifth, singer Lana Del Rey in sixth and heartthrob and one fifth of One Direction Harry Styles made it to seventh. Two ladies who usually rank high when it comes to their luscious locks, Cheryl Cole and Holly Willoughby, appeared lower than usual in eighth and ninth place respectively. A surprise (and non-human) entry this . year was winner of Britain's Got Talent and Simon Cowell's best pooch . friend, Pudsey the dog. Ranking low: Cheryl Cole and Holly Willoughby, who usually score high when it comes to hair, were voted lower than usual . Paw-fect locks: A surprise entry was Britain's Got Talent winner Pudsey . 1. Kate Middleton2. Emeli Sandé3. Boris Johnson4. HM The Queen5. Bradley Wiggins6. Lana Del Rey7. Harry Styles8. Cheryl Cole9. Holly Willoughby10. Pudsey the dog, winner of Britain's Got Talent .
highlights: Kate took the crown with Emeli Sandé in second and Boris Johnson in third . The Queen took fourth place . Even Britain's Got Talent's Pudsey was in the top ten .
id: 987bb8eb4e23188e04996e9587d7852c97b165f3
chatgpt: Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge, has been crowned as the most influential person in Great Britain, according to a recent poll. In a survey conducted by YouGov, Kate emerged as the most popular individual among the British public, beating out other well-known personalities and public figures. The poll, which was conducted between September 2019 and September 2020, saw respondents being asked to name the ten most influential individuals in the country. Over 1,000 individuals were considered in the survey, with Kate emerging as the top choice among respondents. Coming in a close second in the survey was singer-songwriter Emeli Sandé, who has made significant contributions to the British music industry over the years. Rounding out the top three was former UK Prime Minister, Boris Johnson, who has recently been in the news for his handling of the COVID-19 pandemic. Interestingly, even the Queen made an appearance in the survey, albeit in fourth place. Queen Elizabeth II has long been a beloved public figure in the UK, having reigned for over six decades. Other notable figures in the top ten included Simon Cowell, the founder of popular reality show Britain's Got Talent, and even Pudsey, the lovable dog that won the show in 2012. Kate's placement at the top of the list is not particularly surprising, given her immense popularity among the public. The Duchess, who is married to Prince William, has been an icon of fashion and style since she first appeared on the public scene. She has also been a strong advocate for various social issues, including mental health awareness and children's welfare. Kate's recent work has also been focused on responding to the COVID-19 pandemic. Over the past few months, she has been working tirelessly to promote social distancing and other safety measures necessary to slow the spread of the virus. The survey results have been met with mixed reactions, with some critics arguing that the list is heavily weighted towards celebrities and public figures rather than individuals who have made a significant impact on society. Nevertheless, the poll remains a popular subject of discussion among the British public. Overall, the survey suggests that Kate remains a beloved public figure in the UK, with her contributions to society and her impeccable style earning her widespread admiration and respect. It remains to be seen how her influence will continue to grow in the years ahead, but it is clear that she will always maintain a special place in the hearts of the British people.