article: (CNN) -- A late penalty by Asamoah Gyan handed Ghana a deserved 1-0 victory against Serbia in the opening Group D match played in Pretoria on Sunday. The striker, who plays for French club Rennes, emphatically converted from the spot past Vladimir Stojkovic in the 84th minute to the obvious delight of the partisan crowd. The victory was the first by an African team at this year's World Cup. Ghana were awarded their penalty after Serbia substitute Zdravko Kuzmanovic needlessly hand-balled a cross which looked to be drifting harmlessly out of his team's penalty area. Amid delirious celebrations of the African supporters in the Loftus Versfeld Stadium, Serbia struggled to find an equalizer and it was Ghana, the four-time African champions, who should have made it 2-0 before the final whistle. Who's creating a World Cup Twitter Buzz? Ghana -- popularly known as the Black Stars -- started the match at a high tempo and created chances throughout the match, never allowing the Serbian defense to settle. This attacking pattern was set early on when Rosenborg midfielder Anthony Annan volleyed the ball wide after two minutes and Ghana's captain John Mensah headed a free kick wide of the far post in the 19th minute. Ghana continued to press forward in the second half and came closest to scoring when Gyan rose high above the Serbian defense meeting a long throw from John Pantsil, only to head the ball just wide of Stojkovic's left post. Serbia created fewer chances than their opponents but probably had the better opportunities to score. CNN's World Sport blog . The giant Serbia striker Nikola Zigic should have given his country the lead in the 58th minute when he met Dejan Stankovic's cross at the far post but his control let him down and the ball dribbled away to safety. And later, when Serbia had been reduced to 10 men after Aleksandar Lukovic received his second yellow card in the 73rd minute, Serbia squandered a fantastic opportunity to break the deadlock. Striker, Danko Lazovic broke away from Fulham's John Pantsil on the left goal-line and managed to cut the ball back into the middle of the area which Milos Krasic then struck fiercely at goalkeeper Richard Kingson, who parried the ball to safety. The resulting corner saw Manchester United's Nemanja Vidic narrowly head over the crossbar. Serbia meet Germany next Friday in Port Elizabeth, while Ghana play Australia in Rustenburg on Saturday.
highlights: Late Ghana penalty sinks Serbia in first Group D match in Pretoria . Asamoah Gyan scores from the spot to give Ghana and Africa first 2010 World Cup win . Serbia reduced to 10 men after defender Aleksandar Lukovic given marching orders .
id: 90ee2d736c8d6758207f2a1fc2b5f533eacf9396
chatgpt: In the first Group D match of the 2010 World Cup in Pretoria, Ghana secured a dramatic victory over Serbia thanks to a late penalty from Asamoah Gyan. The Black Stars, representing Africa in the tournament, managed to overcome their European opponents despite struggling for long periods of the game. Serbia were dealt a major blow in the match when defender Aleksandar Lukovic was given a straight red card early in the second half. The Serbs were already facing a difficult task against a strong Ghana side, and being reduced to ten men made their challenge even tougher. Despite the numerical disadvantage, Serbia defended well for much of the game and looked set to earn a valuable point in their opening fixture. However, their resistance was finally broken in the 84th minute when Ghana were awarded a penalty. Asamoah Gyan, who had missed a penalty earlier in the game, stepped up and coolly converted from the spot to give Ghana the lead. It was a moment of great relief for the Black Stars, who had struggled to create clear-cut chances throughout the game. Serbia pushed forward in search of an equalizer in the closing stages, but were unable to find a way past Ghana's resolute defense. The match finished 1-0 in favor of the African side, securing them the first win of the tournament and boosting their hopes of progress to the knockout stages. For Serbia, the result was a major disappointment, particularly given the circumstances of the defeat. They will need to regroup quickly if they are to have any chance of progressing from a tough Group D that also includes Germany and Australia. Despite the victory, Ghana will need to improve their performance if they are to challenge the likes of Germany for top spot in the group. They were somewhat fortunate to come away with all three points, and will need to be more clinical in front of goal in future matches. For now, though, the Black Stars can celebrate a hard-fought victory that has given them a great start to the 2010 World Cup. Asamoah Gyan's late penalty will go down in Ghanaian football history as the moment that secured their first ever win at the tournament.