article: By . Phil Blanche, Press Association Sport . Swansea's South Korean midfielder Ki Sung-yueng has signed a new four-year contract that will keep him at the Liberty Stadium until 2018. Ki had a year left on his old deal after arriving from Celtic for what was then a club record £5million in 2012. 'I'm very pleased,' Ki told the club's official website. VIDEO Scroll down for Swansea City midfielder Ki Sung-yueng signs new contract . Going nowhere: Ki Sung-yueng (second from left) has signed a new four-year contract with Swansea . Fresh start: The midfielder has committed his future to the Swans after spending last season at Sunderland . 'This is what I have wanted to do - my first option was always to renew with Swansea. 'I want to sacrifice myself for the team and, as always, do as much as I can to help this team improve. 'I will be giving 100 per cent, and I am looking forward to continuing my work with the club.' Ki's new deal represents a remarkable turnaround in his fortunes in South Wales. Despite making 38 appearances in his first season at Swansea - which included a Capital One Cup win at Wembley - Ki was loaned out to Sunderland for the 2013-14 campaign, helping the Black Cats to a League Cup final appearance as well as winning their battle against relegation. Perfect start: Ki scored the first goal of the new Premier League season as Swansea beat Manchester United . Sunderland and Aston Villa were both keen on securing Ki's services on a permanent basis but the 25-year-old has once more established himself under Liberty boss Garry Monk. Ki scored his first goal for the club in Swansea's opening-day victory over Manchester United at Old Trafford and has been impressive as Monk's men have won their first two Premier League games. 'This team has a great potential, and I am sure that we will be amazing as time goes by,' said Ki. 'The way we try to play makes it really enjoyable. Hopefully we can win more trophies. 'It was amazing to be at Wembley for two years in a row, and it would be massive if I could return again this year.'
highlights: Ki Sung-yueng has committed his future to Swansea . The midfielder says his first option was always to sign a new deal . The South Korean spent last season on loan at Sunderland . But he is back in favour under Swans manager Garry Monk .
id: 3efad7aa8780a2dcaa995e41572aaa32c4468789
chatgpt: Swansea City midfielder, Ki Sung-yueng, has committed his future to the club, stating that signing a new deal was always his first option. The South Korean international, who spent last season on loan at Sunderland, has been in fine form for the Swans this season, and has recently earned his place back in the starting line-up under manager Garry Monk. Ki, who joined Swansea in 2012 from Celtic, has made over 100 appearances for the club and has been a key player in their rise to the Premier League. He played a vital role in their Capital One Cup triumph in 2013, and has been an ever-present figure in the Swansea midfield ever since. The midfielder was impressive on loan at Sunderland last season, where he made 34 appearances, including scoring three goals. However, upon his return to Swansea, he found himself out of the starting line-up, with Monk preferring other midfield options. Despite this, Ki has impressed when given the opportunity to play, and his recent performances have earned him a place in the starting eleven. The midfielder has been influential in Swansea's recent victories over Queens Park Rangers and Hull City, and has shown that he is an important part of Monk's plans. Speaking about his decision to commit his future to the Swans, Ki said: "I'm very happy to sign a new deal with Swansea City. My first option was always to sign a new deal here, and I'm delighted that everything is now sorted." "I had a great time at Sunderland last season, and it was a good opportunity for me to play regular football. But I always knew that my future was at Swansea, and I'm looking forward to helping the club achieve more success in the future." Swansea manager Garry Monk was pleased to tie down such an important player to a new deal, saying: "Ki is a top-class player, and we're delighted that he has committed his future to Swansea. He's been in great form this season, and has been a key part of our recent success." "Ki's ability on the ball and his range of passing make him an important player for us, and his experience both on and off the pitch is invaluable. We're looking forward to working with him for many more years to come." With Ki's future now secured, Swansea will be hoping that the midfielder can continue his impressive form as they look to build on their recent successes and establish themselves as a top-half Premier League team.