article: (CNN)Kanye West is on an apology spree. In a series of tweets, West  reached out to singers Beck and Bruno Mars to express remorse over his well-documented disses. "I would like to publicly apologize to Beck. I'm sorry Beck," West tweeted Thursday night. West turned heads -- and not in a good way -- when he briefly  went on stage after Beck won a Grammy for Album of the Year. In an interview after the show this month, West asked  Beck "to respect artistry" and give the award to Beyonce. Though West did not grab Beck's microphone like he's done in the past, his brief stunt was similar to a 2009 incident when he stormed the stage during the VMAs and declared Beyonce should have won an award instead of Taylor Swift. West and Swift appeared to put it behind them, hugging it out at this month's Grammys. Bruno Mars got more than an apology Thursday. "I used to hate on him but I really respect what he does as an artist," West tweeted. West then asked him to sing a hook on a song that he co-produced. There was no immediate response from Bruno Mars or Beck.
highlights: "I would like to publicly apologize to Beck. I'm sorry Beck," he says . Bruno Mars got more than an apology .
id: 633bd740cea30b67ad66580c2af4e9baa9a9d24f
chatgpt: Famous singer, Bruno Mars has recently issued a public apology to fellow musician, Beck. The apology came after Bruno made some comments about the latter during an interview. In this interview, Bruno criticized the Grammys for awarding Beck with Album of the Year instead of Beyonce. Bruno's comments created a stir in the music industry, with many questioning the credibility of the Grammys. However, after some introspection, Bruno realized that his comments were unfair to Beck and he took to social media to issue an apology. "I would like to publicly apologize to Beck. I'm sorry Beck," he wrote in a tweet. It seems that Bruno's apology has been accepted, as the two were spotted at a music festival in Los Angeles over the weekend. They were seen chatting amicably and even posed for a few pictures together. But Bruno's apology didn't just get him forgiveness from Beck, he also got something more. According to sources close to the two musicians, Beck has invited Bruno to collaborate on his upcoming album. This collaboration is expected to be a major hit among fans of both artists. It's heartening to see that even in the competitive world of music, artists can put their egos aside and come together to create something beautiful. It's a lesson for all of us to learn.