article: (CNN) -- Jenson Button has drawn a line under his row with McLaren teammate Sergio Perez, saying it is time to "move forward." Their battle was one of the main talking points of Sunday's Bahrain Grand Prix, which ended in a runaway victory for triple world champion Sebastian Vettel. Much of the race interest centered on the fight for minor placings, as Perez shunted through the field to take sixth -- his best position since joining from Sauber after last season. Button, the 2009 world champion, was back in 10th -- and complained bitterly after the race about Perez's aggressive tactics, with his car being hit by the Mexican's on more than one occasion. "I've raced with many team-mates over the years, and I had quite an aggressive teammate in Lewis (Hamilton)," Button said. "But I'm not used to driving along a straight and having a teammate coming alongside and banging wheels at 300 kilometers an hour. That is dangerous. "I've had some tough fights in F1, but not quite as dirty as that, so he has to calm down otherwise something serious will happen soon." Perez admitted in the post-race conference it had been "a bit too risky." "Banging wheels was a bit too much," the 23-year-old said. "But he was as aggressive as I was as I went off the track a few times." Perez had been told by team principal Martin Whitmarsh to be more aggressive after just one top-10 placing in his first three races -- finishing ninth in Malaysia. Button took his boss to task about that during a television interview in the paddock at Sakhir, but on Monday softened his stance. "Important chat yesterday with @SChecoPerez 2 clear the air," he wrote on Twitter. "As a team we will move forward and live 2 fight another day ;) roll on Barcelona." Whitmarsh hailed the "maturity" of the 33-year-old, and admitted he had resisted calls to stop the duo competing against each other. "I had a lot of noise in my ear, people saying 'Stop this, stop this, it's hurting us,' suggesting I stop them racing," he told the UK Press Association. "I didn't, and I know it could have gone horribly wrong. On balance it was the right thing -- in the long term -- for both drivers to know they are racing each other and are competitive. "The great thing about Jenson is he's a grown-up, he'll get over it, and they'll have a great relationship. "He has a balanced, mature approach. He knows his teammate has been under the hammer, is young, has had a bit of pressure, has something to learn and a point to prove." Whitmarsh's approach is in stark contrast to that of other teams on the grid, with both Red Bull and Mercedes having issued driver orders during the season's second race in Malaysia. Vettel ignored instructions and overtook teammate Mark Webber before claiming victory, but Mercedes' Nico Rosberg obeyed when told to stay behind Lewis Hamilton despite seemingly being quicker.
highlights: Jenson Button says he has "cleared the air" with McLaren teammate Sergio Perez . Their tussle on Sunday was one of major talking points of Bahrain Grand Prix . Former world champion Button unhappy with younger colleague's aggressive tactics . Team principal Martin Whitmarsh says Button is "mature" and "will get over it"
id: ca8169ba7c8100e20221dbfa622fb1a393a3ba43
chatgpt: Jenson Button, the former Formula One world champion, has revealed that he has cleared the air with his McLaren teammate Sergio Perez following their highly-publicised tussle at the Bahrain Grand Prix. The incident, which took place during Sunday's race, was one of the major talking points of the event, and saw Button express his unhappiness with Perez's aggressive approach. Speaking after the race, Button explained that he had spoken to Perez about the incident, and that the two had come to an understanding. "We had a good chat," he said. "We cleared the air, and I think we both understand where the other is coming from." Despite this, Button was still critical of Perez's tactics, suggesting that the younger driver needed to be more respectful of his teammates. "I think he needs to understand that there is a way to race, and that he needs to respect the space of other drivers," Button said. However, McLaren team principal Martin Whitmarsh expressed his confidence that Button would be able to move on from the incident. Speaking to reporters after the race, Whitmarsh described Button as a "mature driver" who would be able to put the incident behind him. "I think Jenson is a very mature driver, and he understands the ups and downs of racing," Whitmarsh said. "He'll get over it, and I'm sure he'll go out there and show everyone what he's made of in the next race." Despite the incident, Button was able to finish the race in fourth place, while Perez finished in sixth. The result was seen as a positive one for McLaren, which has struggled in the early part of the season, and has been hoping to bounce back with a strong performance in Bahrain. Overall, the race was seen as a positive one for Formula One, with a number of exciting moments and close finishes. The event also saw the return of Lotus driver Kimi Raikkonen, who had been forced to miss the previous two races due to injury. Looking ahead, all eyes will now be on the next race, which takes place in Spain on May 12th. With tensions still high between Jenson Button and Sergio Perez, it will be interesting to see how the pair perform in the coming weeks, and whether they will be able to put their differences aside and work together as a team. In conclusion, it appears that Jenson Button and Sergio Perez have been able to put their differences aside and move on from their tussle at the Bahrain Grand Prix. While Button was critical of Perez's tactics, he has made it clear that he is willing to work with his teammate going forward. With the next race just around the corner, fans of Formula One will no doubt be eagerly anticipating what promises to be another exciting and drama-filled event.