article: (CNN) -- What could be more powerful than the tears of a Native American Indian? Wax on, wax off: Does it make you want to save the rainforests? Iron Eyes Cody was the face of the Keep American Beautiful campaign of 1971 whose tears marked the plight of the environment, but more importantly kept the problems of pollution in the minds of millions. From teary Native Americans to witty skits or doom-ladened eco-horror scenarios, the environmental campaign video then has long been a powerful tool for environmental groups to spread their message and raise pubic attention. The rise of YouTube and other video sharing web sites has now meant that individuals can broadcast their own eco-awareness messages and form their own social action networks. But what makes a good video and how much impact do they have? Is it better to be funny or shocking? When you see Harrison Ford getting his chest waxed, do you immediately think about saving the rainforests? Or does the sight of celebrity pontificating about the plight of the environment make you want to watch their next film rather calculate your carbon footprint. We've featured three different videos that we like and want to know which ones you think are the best.  Watch the featured videos » . Let us know which eco videos have got you going by using the Sound Off box below. Or, e-mail us at ecosolutions@cnn.com. We also want to feature your own environmental videos here on CNN's Eco Solutions. Use the iReport form to send in your film and you could find your environmental efforts make even more impact than Harrison Ford's chest.
highlights: Nominate your favorite environmental campaign video . Rate our featured videos, including Harrison Ford getting his chest waxed . Send in your own videos using our iReport page .
id: 6e8382e61be49c936e00a8eea24377a687622967
chatgpt: Greenpeace has launched a new initiative, urging people to nominate their favorite environmental campaign video. The NGO is asking concerned citizens around the world to rate their featured videos, which includes a surprising appearance from none other than Harrison Ford getting his chest waxed. Alongside this, they are encouraging people to submit their own videos via their iReport page. Greenpeace is hoping that this initiative will help to raise awareness about important environmental issues that are often overlooked by the mainstream media. There are countless videos that showcase the beauty of the natural world, but there are also those that highlight the ongoing destruction of our planet. By nominating and sharing these videos, Greenpeace hopes to inspire people to take action and make a positive change. The featured videos cover a wide range of topics, from ocean pollution and deforestation to the impact of the fashion industry on the environment. However, the star attraction is undoubtedly Harrison Ford, who bravely allowed himself to be waxed on camera to raise awareness about deforestation. This humorous and attention-grabbing video has been shared widely on social media and helped to bring the issue of deforestation to a wider audience. But Greenpeace isn't just relying on celebrities to get their message across. They are also asking the public to get involved and submit their own videos. Whether you're an experienced filmmaker or just a concerned citizen with a smartphone, Greenpeace wants to hear from you. By sharing your own videos, you can help to raise awareness about important environmental issues and inspire others to take action. So, if you have a favorite environmental campaign video, or if you have created your own video that you want to share with the world, head over to the Greenpeace website and get involved. Together, we can all make a difference and help to protect the planet for future generations.