article: (CNN) -- An unusual exhibition is confusing and amusing tourists and locals in central Copenhagen this month. Strange signs from around the world can be seen in Copenhagen, Denmark. "Signspotting" is a collection of more than 100 signs found by travelers around the world and recreated by travel writer Doug Lansky. "I wanted it to look as if we'd stolen the sign or someone with a professional camera had taken a really good picture of it," he told CNN.  See pictures from Signspotting in Copenhagen. » . Lansky started his collection almost 17 years ago, encouraged by friends who found his photos of strange signs more compelling than his treasured holiday snaps. As a travel columnist for the Chicago Tribune, he set about collecting photos of as many bizarre signs as he could. Interest in the project became so big that he eventually used them to replace the column itself. Signspotting Weekly was taken up by six papers, and before he knew it people began to send him pictures of signs they'd seen, eventually enough to fill a floor-to-ceiling cabinet. The photos filled two volumes of Signspotting books for Lonely Planet. Lansky chose the best for the first exhibition in Stockholm last year. "I felt bad I hadn't seen them. I knew I wasn't going to go around the world to track it down so I thought I'd do it this way," he said. Creating the exhibition took hours of painstaking work to digitally enlarge the photos so they looked like the real thing. "When most of these people sent these signs in they were on a postcard-sized photo and the actual sign was about the size of a postage stamp. To blow them up to this size was tricky," he said. The photos were then mounted onto real signs on metal poles standing in concrete bases. The free exhibition opened in Copenhagen, Denmark last week and will move to Arhus, Denmark on July 1st. Lansky is currently building a second exhibition for the Edinburgh Fringe Festival in August.
highlights: Doug Lansky has been collecting photos of amusing signs for 17 years . The "Signspotting" street exhibition opened in Copenhagen last week . Reproducing the life-sized signs from tiny photographs is a painstaking task . Each sign was digitally enlarged and mounted on metal poles .
id: c3859dedf96d455d70cb1338372fcc99b1f9c082
chatgpt: Last week in Copenhagen, the "Signspotting" street exhibition opened featuring the life-sized reproduction of amusing signs collected by Doug Lansky over 17 years. Lansky has been collecting these signs from all over the world, and it took a painstaking process to reproduce them for the exhibition. Each sign was digitally enlarged from tiny photographs, and then mounted on metal poles to give the impression of an actual street corner. Despite the challenges, the finished product was impressive and worth the effort. Douglas Lansky is a travel writer and photographer, and he has been collecting amusing signs during his travels across the globe for over 17 years. The signs he has collected are humorous and sometimes nonsensical, often reflecting cultural differences and language barriers. His collection includes everything from misspelled words and awkward phrasing to downright hilarious and absurd. To bring these signs to life in the exhibition, Lansky had to go through a painstaking process of digitally enlarging each image and mounting them on metal poles, so that they resembled real street signs. The result is a collection of life-sized signs that are sure to capture the attention of visitors to the "Signspotting" exhibition. The "Signspotting" exhibition is a unique opportunity to see the world through the eyes of Doug Lansky, who has been capturing funny and unusual signs for many years. The exhibition showcases the ability of a simple sign to bring joy and humor to our lives. Visitors to the exhibition can enjoy a walk through an imaginary street, surrounded by these amusing signs. The exhibition is both entertaining and educational, and offers a glimpse into the fascinating world of language, culture, and travel. Lansky's collection is proof that signs are not just practical but can also be a work of art. The ability of a sign to make us laugh or smile is often underestimated, but the exhibition proves that these simple messages can have a big impact. In conclusion, the "Signspotting" street exhibition in Copenhagen is a must-visit for anyone interested in travel, culture or just looking to have a good laugh. Doug Lansky's collection is a testament to the power of signs in our lives and provides a unique look at the world through the lens of humor.