article: Roy Keane has taken aim at Manchester United's 'propaganda' - and described the group of former players working for the club as a 'mafia'. Keane, the former United captain who played at Old Trafford for 12 years, has not held back with his views in recent weeks as he promotes his latest book The Second Half. And during an appearance at Lancashire County Cricket Club on Tuesday, Keane was his usual hard-hitting self as he used 1968 European Cup winner Paddy Crerand as an example of the culture at his old club. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Roy Keane rant about changing football industry . Roy Keane (left) speaks during an event to promote his new book at the Royal Dublin Society on Wednesday . Keane (right) during happier times with former Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson in 2005 . In quotes reported by The Guardian, Keane said: 'When I look at United there’s just a lot of propaganda now, a lot of nonsense gets spoken, a lot of ex-players now work for the club, they are on contracts, ex-players from the 60s and 70s working for United and they always try to kid you on. 'They’re all decent lads, don’t get me wrong, but it’s almost like a mafia situation. If you think it’s a sending-off or David Gill might be wrong or Alex Ferguson, you say it. These people are just: "It’s Man United, woh!" It’s like Disneyland – Man United Land, with f****** Mickey Mouse running everywhere. 'People get swayed by Paddy Crerand. Paddy still thinks it’s nineteen-sixty-f******-seven! United have lost 5-0: "Ah, you know, they were great." Paddy, come on, do me a favour. "No, no, United were great." No, they weren’t! Why are you saying it?' Ex-United player Paddy Crerand, who won the European Cup in 1968 (right), has been singled out by Keane . Keane lifts the FA Cup at Cardiff's Millennium Stadium in 2004 during his time as captain of Manchester United .
highlights: Roy Keane has taken aim at Manchester United's 'propaganda' Keane described the group of ex-players working for the club as a 'mafia' He was promoting his book at Lancashire County Cricket Club . 'People get swayed by Paddy Crerand,' says Keane . Former Man Utd captain is currently promoting his book The Second Half .
id: b96741691bd11e6d21dab5c8df7b966077280b68
chatgpt: Former Manchester United captain Roy Keane has criticized the club's "propaganda" and has accused a group of ex-players working for the club of acting like a "mafia". Keane made the comments while promoting his new book, The Second Half, at Lancashire County Cricket Club. "People get swayed by Paddy Crerand," said Keane, referring to the former Manchester United player who now serves as an ambassador for the club. "He's there with his blazer on, and he's a great talker. But it's like a mafia. They're all trying to look after each other and not answer proper questions." Keane also took issue with the way Manchester United released a statement earlier this month in response to rumors that manager Jose Mourinho would be sacked. "It's just propaganda," Keane said. "They always want to paint a rosy picture, whether it's the players, the managers or the club itself. It's just a load of nonsense." The former Ireland international was also critical of some of Manchester United's recent players, accusing them of not showing the same level of commitment that he did during his playing days at the club. "I look at some of the players and I think, 'You're not really doing your job properly,'" Keane said. "I always put the club first. That's the most important thing." Keane's comments come at a time when Manchester United is struggling both on and off the pitch. The club is currently in 10th place in the Premier League and is already out of the Carabao Cup after losing to Derby County last month. Meanwhile, rumors continue to circulate about a rift between Mourinho and some of his players. Despite his criticism of Manchester United, Keane still holds the club close to his heart. "I always look out for their results," he said. "I want them to do well." The Second Half, which covers Keane's playing career at Manchester United as well as his time as a manager, is available now.