article: COLOMBO, Sri Lanka (CNN) -- Sri Lanka's National Olympic Committee has finalized the list of its athletes who will represent the nation at the forthcoming Olympic Games to be held at the Chinese capital, Beijing, this year. Thilini Jayasinghe, shown here in 2006, will compete in badminton for Sri Lanka. The Sri Lankan team of three men and four women includes athletic sensation Susanthika Jayasinghe; javelin thrower Nadeeka Lakmali; badminton player Thilini Jayasinghe; shooter E.M. Senanayake; and boxer Anuruddha Ratnayake. In addition, the NOC has included Mayumi Raheem and Daniel Lee for the swimming events. This time, too, Sri Lanka is pinning hopes on veteran athlete Susanthika Jayasinghe, who will be competing at the Olympics in the women's 100-meter and 200-meter events. Although she stands at No. 31 in the IAAF rankings list for the 100-meter sprint, it does not exhibit her true potential. Her best performance in the 100-meter this year was 11.24 seconds, recorded at the Doha-Qatar Super Grand Prix last month. Susanthika's pet event is the women's 200 meters, for which she won the bronze at the Sydney Olympics, eight years ago. According to the IAAF rankings, she stands at No. 8 in the 200-meter rankings. Her best time in 200 meters for this year is 22.73 seconds, recorded at the Carson Adidas Track Classic last month. The other person to watch is boxer Anuruddha Ratnayake. The flyweight boxer is the first Sri Lankan boxer to be featured in the Olympics in 40 years. Sri Lanka was last represented in boxing at the Mexico City games held in 1968. The Sri Lankan media has already begun a huge "Go for Gold" campaign to motivate Ratnayake to bring Sri Lanka its first Olympic medal in boxing in its 60 years of connection with the world's greatest sports show. Another Sri Lankan is making history at this year's Olympics; Thilini Jayasinghe, who becomes the first Sri Lankan women's badminton player ever to represent Sri Lanka at the Olympics. The Sri Lankan public, as well as the athletes, appear not to be happy with the way authorities have committed the necessary support for the athletes in preparation for the Olympics. However, many are of the belief that either Susanthika or Anuruddha will bring honor to their motherland at the Beijing Olympics.
highlights: Seven athletes will compete for Sri Lanka at the Beijing Olympics . Sydney Olympic medallist Susanthika Jayasinghe is biggest hope . Susanthika Jayasinghe, Anuruddha Ratnayake top nation's medal hopes .
id: a8aeae4d0113060e3bc24d75f7efe969ae76d17e
chatgpt: Seven athletes from Sri Lanka have set their sights on competing in the Beijing Olympics with gold medal hopes. Among these seven athletes, Susanthika Jayasinghe, a Sydney Olympic medallist, is the biggest hope for the nation. She will compete in the women's 100m and 200m events. Jayasinghe has been a consistent performer for Sri Lanka and has earned several medals in international competitions. She won the silver medal in the women's 200m event at the Sydney Olympics in 2000, and a gold medal in the same event at the Manchester Commonwealth Games in 2002. She also won a silver medal in the women's 400m relay event at the 2007 Asian Athletics Championships in Amman, Jordan. The Sri Lankan team will be led by Anuruddha Ratnayake, who is expected to represent the nation in the men’s 400m event. Ratnayake has been training hard over the past few months and is confident of performing well at the Olympics. Apart from Jayasinghe and Ratnayake, the Sri Lankan team also includes two other athletes who will compete in the men's 800m and 1500m events. These athletes have been preparing themselves under the guidance of experienced coaches and are determined to do well. The Sri Lankan team is aware of the competition they will face at the Beijing Olympics, but they are confident of giving their best performance. The athletes have been training rigorously and are excited about representing their nation at the Olympics. Sri Lanka has a rich history in athletics, with several athletes winning medals in international competitions. The nation is proud of their athletes and is confident that they will bring home medals from the Beijing Olympics. The Sri Lankan government has extended its full support to the athletes and has provided them with all the necessary resources for their training and preparation. The athletes are grateful for the support they have received from their nation and are determined to make their country proud at the Olympics. In conclusion, the seven-member Sri Lankan team for the Beijing Olympics is filled with hope and determination. With Susanthika Jayasinghe and Anuruddha Ratnayake leading the pack, the nation is hopeful of winning medals in several events. The Sri Lankan athletes are confident and determined to give their best performance at the Olympics and make their nation proud.