article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . The body of married mother who vanished last month has been found in an abandoned house - as her husband is charged with her murder. Karla Villagra-Garzon's body was found on Tuesday in Chatham Township, New Jersey - 11 miles northwest of her . home in Elizabeth - after three weeks of extensive searches. An autopsy determined that she died from asphyxiation with blunt-force trauma, but authorities have not yet revealed any more details about how she died or how she was found. Scroll down for video . Killed: The murdered body of Karla Villagra-Garzon, pictured with her two-year-old daughter, has been found in an abandoned New Jersey house after she disappeared on February 23 . Loss: An autopsy found that the 32-year-old mother had died from asphyxiation with blunt force trauma . Villagra-Garzon's husband, Abayuba Rivas, . 39, was charged with murder and other offenses - despite putting on an . emotional front as he appeared in a television interview just days . earlier. Villagra-Garzon, 32, disappeared on February 23 and her husband said she had gone to a pharmacy to pick up medicine for her two-year-old daughter but never returned, The Star-Ledger reported. Surveillance video from Walgreens shows that she never arrived at the store and Rivas reported his wife missing the next morning. After her disappearance, he spoke to WABC and said that he and his wife had been having marital problems and fought before she went out to collect the prescription. Arrested: Abayuba Rivas, 39, pictured giving a television interview following his wife's disappearance with her two-year-old daughter, has been arrested in connection with her murder . Interview: He said that he assumed something bad had happened to her because of her lack of contact . 'She was angry, many times, she had a bad attitude,' Rivas said. He added that he did not have hope of finding her. 'It's not something good, because almost 10 days out of the house,' he said. He was taken into custody more than a week ago on other charges, including endangering a child - for allegedly leaving Villagra-Garzon’s daughter home alone - and lying to police, authorities said. Neighbors told NBC4 they had always been suspicious of Rivas' story that his wife had never returned. Loved: Authorities do not know when the mother-of-one's body was left at the abandoned house . Scene: She was found at this Chatham Township house, 11 miles from her family's home, on Tuesday . Hidden: The empty house, pictured, is run down and isolated and hidden by trees on all sides . 'They've got two cars. How's she going to walk away that late at night?' said neighbor Diana Giraldo. It is not clear if the little girl, who appeared on WABC with Rivas, is his daughter too. Authorities said it is not yet clear how long Villagra-Garzon's body had been at the home, which is vacant, rundown and isolated by forest on all sides. Investigators have not said what led them to the house. Rivas is being held on $2 million bail. See below for video .
highlights: Karla Villagra-Garzon vanished on February 23 and her husband said she had failed to return home after heading to a nearby pharmacy . Her body was found in a run-down and isolated house 11 miles from her home on Tuesday and authorities said she died of asphyxiation . Her husband, Abayuba Rivas, appeared in television interviews before her body was found and said he feared the worst . He has been arrested and remains in jail on a $2 million bond .
id: 8b37e2e2586ac870e763a85e1e33bb03151878a4
chatgpt: The disappearance of Karla Villagra-Garzon on February 23 had been a mystery until Tuesday when authorities found her body in a deserted house around 11 miles from her home. The investigation into the case had taken a dramatic turn when her husband, Abayuba Rivas, was arrested on suspicion of her murder. He had appeared in several television interviews before her body was discovered, expressing his fears that something terrible had happened to his wife. Karla Villagra-Garzon was last seen alive on February 23 when she left her home to go to a nearby pharmacy. Her husband reported her missing after she failed to return home that evening. Her family and friends had been searching for her, putting up posters and distributing flyers around the area. Her disappearance had captured the attention of the community, and many had been praying for her safe return. However, their hopes were shattered when authorities discovered her body on Tuesday in the vacant house located in a remote part of the town. Her body was found by a passerby, who immediately called the police. The authorities said that she had died of asphyxiation, but they refused to give any more information regarding the circumstances of her death. The discovery of Karla's body had shocked the community, and they had demanded answers from the authorities. The family and friends of Karla were in a state of shock and disbelief. They had never imagined that Karla would meet such a terrible fate, and they were struggling to come to terms with her loss. Abayuba Rivas, who had been the prime suspect in the case, was arrested on Tuesday on suspicion of her murder. He had appeared on television interviews before her body was found, expressing his fears that something awful had happened to his wife. He had told the media that she was a good person and that he hoped that she would return home safe and sound. The news of his arrest had come as a shock to many who knew him. He was known to be a loving and caring husband and a devoted father. He had met Karla over ten years ago when he had come to the United States from Uruguay. They had fallen in love, and they had been living together ever since. Authorities had refused to release any information regarding the motive behind the murder, but they had revealed that Abayuba Rivas had been on their radar since the day Karla disappeared. They had been gathering evidence against him, and they had ben watching his every move. He remains in custody, and his bail has been set at $2 million. The authorities have said that they will continue to investigate the case, and they have appealed to anyone with information to come forward. The community has been left shattered by the tragic death of Karla Villagra-Garzon. Her disappearance and murder had been a mystery that left everyone wondering what had happened to her. Her family and friends are now trying to come to terms with her loss, and they have vowed to seek justice for her. The investigation into the case is ongoing, and the authorities have promised to leave no stone unturned until they find out the truth about what happened to Karla. The community is hoping that justice will be served, and that the perpetrator(s) of this terrible crime will be brought to justice.