article: By . Jill Reilly . PUBLISHED: . 07:12 EST, 30 November 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 09:30 EST, 30 November 2012 . A Chinese model has been given a suspended sentence of nine months in jail after posting racy photos of herself dressed as a policewoman online. The revealing pictures of Wang Xiaomeng, 23, showed her getting dressed in an official-looking police woman's uniform. As she sits on a bed wearing just a tight police shirt and underwear, she is seen rolling on a pair of sheer black stockings over her naked legs. Sentenced: A Chinese model who posed in stockings for sexy snaps in a WPC's uniform on a photo-shoot has been jailed for nine months in Beijing for impersonating a police officer . Racy: The revealing pictures of Wang Xiaomeng, 23, showed her getting dressed in an official-looking police woman's uniform . In another snap she leans forward in her unbuttoned shirt to show off her lacy black bra. But the pictures - taken to . promote a new detective novel - created a furious row when Xiaomen . tweeted three of the snaps on Sina Weibo, China's version of Twitter. Together with the photographs, she wrote a playful scenario. 'As . a new cop in my hometown, I need to learn the basics. As one of the . flowers of the force, I am under pressure. I have to eat and drink with . government leaders every day. I am using my flower status to dine with . the leaders and win contracts for projects and investments!' Reaction: But the pictures - taken to promote a new detective novel - created a furious row when Xiaomen tweeted three of the snaps on Sina Weibo, China's version of Twitter . She took the photos down shortly after the social networking company received 14 complaints . But her blog has already been re-posted more than 500 times and received more than 200 comments. According to the Beijing News, Wang moved to Beijing after graduating from high school five years ago. Model behaviour: Xiaomen had told the court she'd been paid 300 GBP for . the modelling session. 'The costume was just a prop, I was so ignorant,' she added . Judges in Fengtai, Beijing, found her guilty of falsely impersonating a policewoman and sentenced her to nine months in prison, suspended for a year. Xiaomen had told the court she'd been paid £300 for the modelling session. 'The costume was just a prop, I was so ignorant,' she added.
highlights: Wang Xiaomeng, 23, from Bejing posted a series of photos of herself on microblogging site Weibo in July . Xiaomeng had told the court she'd been paid £300 for the modelling session .
id: 1c29b31ee703e5edf43ba6b41f965732a54ed2a2
chatgpt: A Beijing court sentenced 23-year-old model, Wang Xiaomeng, to nine months in jail and a fine of 10,000 yuan ($1,483) on Wednesday for “picking quarrels and provoking trouble” on the internet. This follows Xiaomeng’s posting of a series of photos of herself on the Chinese microblogging site Weibo back in July, which lead to public outrage. Xiaomeng had told the court that she had been paid £300 for the modelling session, which was arranged by a photographer named Wang Zhi, and that the photos were taken for her own personal use. However, after she posted the photos on Weibo, they quickly went viral and Xiaomeng became the target of criticism and insults. Many internet users accused Xiaomeng of vanity and narcissism, while others questioned the morality of the photos and the fact that Xiaomeng had been paid for them. Some even called for her to be punished. The court ruled that Xiaomeng had violated Chinese law by engaging in “online anti-social behavior” that had the potential to cause “serious social harm”. They also stated that she had failed to demonstrate any remorse for her actions. Xiaomeng’s case has once again highlighted the problems of internet censorship and control in China. The country’s internet regulations are among the most stringent in the world, with authorities frequently cracking down on speech and behavior deemed to be “socially harmful” or “politically sensitive”. Many people in China have criticized the government’s approach, arguing that it stifles free speech and innovation. Some have even called for a more liberal approach that would allow for more open and free discussion on the internet. Xiaomeng’s situation also raises questions around the ethics of online shaming and the damaging effects it can have on people’s lives. The practice has become increasingly common in recent years, with individuals being publicly exposed and ridiculed for their behaviour on the internet. However, many experts argue that such public shaming can be harmful and counterproductive, leading to increased anxiety, depression and even suicide. They call for more empathy and understanding in dealing with online behaviour, as well as a greater emphasis on education and awareness-raising. In the wake of Xiaomeng’s case, many people in China are calling for a more open and accepting society, where individuals are free to express themselves without fear of condemnation or out-group hostility. While this may be a long-term goal, it is clear that there is still much work to be done in building a more tolerant and respectful culture online.