article: A man who organized a liaison with another man through the gay dating app Grindr viciously attacked him with a hammer before biting him and attempting to rob him, authorities have said. The unnamed victim needed surgery for a damaged eyelid and staples to shut a wound to his head after the allegedly violent attack by Curtis Rosenblat near Seattle, Washington in March. Rosenblat, 23, was arrested trying to board a plane at Sea-Tac Airport on May 7 and has now been charged with assault. During his arrest, Port of Seattle police were forced to shock him with a Taser, Deputy Prosecutor Michelle Larson wrote to the court, the Seattle Post-Intelligencer reported. Scene: Curtis Rosenblat, 23, was arrested waiting for a flight in Sea-Tac Airport last week after he allegedly met a man on Grindr, took him back to his apartment and beat him with a hammer (file picture) Rosenblat had used the sex app Grindr to message and arrange a meeting with the man on March 22, and the alleged victim picked him up near his apartment at 3am. The pair searched for a secluded place to have sex but when they could not find one, they went to Rosenblat's apartment, a Seattle detective told the court, the Post-Intelligencer reported. They were naked inside his home when Rosenblat tried to kick the other man out without his belongings, the detective said. The men began fighting and when Rosenblat left the room, the alleged victim tried to grab his items, but Rosenblat returned with a hammer and began beating him, the detective said. 'When the hammer was not . enough, the defendant then began to viciously bite the victim,' Larson told the court. Hookup: The men messaged on gay dating app Grindr (pictured) before meeting up on March 22 . A woman in the apartment tried to break up the fight and the man fled, police said. The victim called police and the female witness told cops that Rosenblat had told her he 'wanted to get the guy's stuff'. Rosenblat has been splitting his time between Massachusetts and Washington, and was arrested at the airport last week, where a scuffle with police officers ensued. 'The defendant is clearly a danger to the community,' Larson said. Rosenblat faces a second-degree assault charge for the attack and a charge for assaulting a police officer. He remains jailed on $115,000 bail.
highlights: Curtis Rosenblat, 23, 'organized a liaison with another man and tried to kick him out of his house naked so he could keep his belongings' When the man put up a fight 'he grabbed a hammer and beat him' Rosenblat was arrested trying to board a flight at Sea-Tac airport and cops needed to use a Taser to subdue him .
id: 3a94e14ade7d4e8fd38d2d60e4b2b89f35275871
chatgpt: A 23-year-old man was arrested at Sea-Tac airport after allegedly attacking another man with a hammer. The suspect, identified as Curtis Rosenblat, organized a meeting with the victim and tried to force him out of his house naked so he could keep his belongings.  However, when the victim resisted, Rosenblat reportedly grabbed a hammer and beat him. The victim managed to escape and fled to a neighbor's house to call for help. Police soon arrived on the scene and attempted to subdue the suspect, but he resisted arrest and even tried to flee. Officers were forced to use a Taser to bring him under control. Rosenblat has since been taken into custody and is now facing multiple charges, including assault with a deadly weapon, resisting arrest, and attempted theft. He is currently being held on $100,000 bail. Neighbors in the area were shaken by the incident and expressed concern for their safety. "It's scary to think that something like this could happen right in our own backyard," said one neighbor. "We need to be more vigilant and watch out for each other." Some residents also expressed shock and disbelief at the alleged actions of Rosenblat. "I can't believe someone would do something like this," said another neighbor. "It's just ridiculous." Authorities are still investigating the incident and are asking anyone with information to come forward. They are reminding residents to be cautious and report any suspicious activity to the police. This is not the first time that Rosenblat has been involved in criminal activity. He has several prior arrests and convictions for various offenses, including theft, assault, and drug possession. The incident serves as a reminder of the importance of staying vigilant and being aware of our surroundings. It also highlights the dangers of engaging in criminal activities and the serious consequences that can result from such actions.