article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . UPDATED: . 05:17 EST, 28 July 2011 . British Gas, which is about to hit families with big price rises, has been shamed with a record fine of £2.5million for failing customers. The country’s biggest energy firm, with 13million customers, mishandled complaints and left people in the dark about how to get help. The fine, the largest ever imposed by industry regulator Ofgem, is hugely embarrassing for a company which has launched several initiatives to overcome a well-earned reputation for poor customer service. Fined: British Gas's £2.5 million bill is the largest fine ever imposed for customer-service failings . Ofgem said British Gas had failed to re-open cases when customers indicated their complaint had not been resolved. The firm also failed to provide key information about how people could pursue complaints with the independent Energy Ombudsman. The . ruling confirms concerns raised by Money Mail, whose readers gave . British Gas a wooden spoon for customer service last year. The failures . at British Gas were revealed as the company prepares to hit customers . with an 18 per cent increase in gas tariffs and 11 per cent on . electricity. The company . made a record profit of £742million last year, while those for its . parent company Centrica soared by almost a third to £2.4billion. As . a result, chief executive Phil Bentley collected almost £1.3million, . including a bonus of £621,000. Centrica chief executive Sam Laidlaw was . paid £2.3million. Figures announced today, covering the . first six months of the current financial year, are expected to show . that profits were down for the winter period but still sizeable, with . Centrica at around £1.3billion and British Gas £293million. Ofgem executive Sarah Harrison said . the fine was designed to highlight ‘basic failures’ in customer service. She said it was part of a new ‘get tough’ approach to regulation. wooden spoon award goes to British Gas . ‘As well as household customers, small businesses have received poor customer service from suppliers. ‘This fine must be part of a significant overhaul of the energy market. Most of the big six energy companies are under investigation for one form of poor practice.’ Executive director at Which?, Richard Lloyd, said: ‘Suppliers should always tell customers that they can take an unresolved complaint to the Energy Ombudsman. ‘It’s well worth people pursuing this as the majority of complaints assessed by the Ombudsman are upheld, and seven in ten include financial compensation.’ British Gas described the fine as ‘totally disproportionate’. It claimed the problems were limited to a small group of micro-businesses.
highlights: Energy giant breached regulations for complaint handling, claims Ofgem . Postcode search: See how much money you are wasting each month by not switching energy supplier .
id: cb1a4eb0b054413fbd84f76a8aadf1411f60d8ad
chatgpt: Energy giant breached regulations for complaint handling, claims Ofgem An energy giant has breached regulations for complaint handling, according to the energy regulator Ofgem. The decision comes after an investigation into the company's customer service practices. The investigation found that the company breached regulations for the handling of billing and complaints, as well as failing to deal with complaints in a timely and effective manner. Ofgem's investigation found that the energy company failed to properly train its customer service staff, which resulted in incorrect billing and a lack of effective complaint handling. The regulator has ordered the company to improve its practices and submit a plan to address the issues highlighted in the investigation. The energy company said it has taken the findings seriously and has already taken steps to address the issues. It also said it will work to fully implement the regulator's requirements. "While we are disappointed to have fallen short of Ofgem's expectations, we are committed to addressing the issues identified in the investigation and to providing our customers with the best possible service," said a spokesperson for the company. Postcode search: See how much money you are wasting each month by not switching energy supplier In other news, energy customers can now use a postcode search tool to see how much money they are wasting each month by not switching energy supplier. The tool, which was launched by a consumer group, allows users to enter their postcode and current energy usage to see how much they could save by switching to a different energy supplier. According to the consumer group, millions of households across the UK are paying too much for their energy bills by staying with their current supplier instead of shopping around for a better deal. The group said that switching energy supplier can save consumers hundreds of pounds each year. "We know that many people are put off switching energy supplier because they think it will be complicated or time-consuming," said a spokesperson for the consumer group. "But our postcode search tool makes it really easy to see how much money you could save each month by switching to a different supplier. We hope this will encourage more people to take control of their energy bills and start saving money." The launch of the postcode search tool comes after the energy regulator Ofgem launched a series of reforms aimed at making it easier for consumers to switch energy supplier. The reforms include a cap on the amount that energy companies can charge customers on standard variable tariffs. Overall, the energy sector is facing increasing pressure to improve customer service practices and reduce costs for consumers. As the energy market becomes more competitive, companies will need to focus on improving their practices in order to retain and attract customers.