article: Former Conservative communications chief Andy Coulson is still being held in a high-security prison alongside terrorists and murderers - despite a judge recommending that he be sent to an open prison. The 46-year-old ex-News of the World editor was sent to the notorious maximum-security Belmarsh prison in south east London after being convicted of conspiracy to hack phones on July 4. His lawyers had been expecting him to be moved to an open prison. Former Conservative communications chief Andy Coulson, pictured, is still being held in a high-security prison alongside terrorists and murderers - despite a judge recommending that he be sent to an open prison . But six weeks later Mr Coulson, who was convicted of conspiracy to hack phones, has still not been categorised, meaning he is not yet eligible for a move. At a costs hearing last month, Mr Justice Saunders, who presided over the phone hacking trial, expressed concern that Mr Coulson remained in Belmarsh, a category A prison holding high-risk prisoners. He offered to write to the prison governor, Phil Wragg, more than a fortnight ago. However, despite having done this, it emerged last night that the authorities still haven’t completed the paperwork for Mr Coulson’s move to another establishment. By comparison, disgraced entertainer Rolf Harris, who was found guilty of a series of child sex offences, has already been downgraded to the Bullingdon Category C jail in Oxfordshire – despite being sentenced on the same day as Mr Coulson. Ex-News of the World editor Andy Coulson was sent to the notorious maximum-security Belmarsh prison, pictured,  in south east London after being convicted of conspiracy to hack phones on July 4 . Mr Couslon, a father-of-three, is being held alongside a number of Islamic terrorists and convicted killers. Neville Thurlbeck, the News of the World’s former chief reporter who was also jailed in Belmarsh for phone-hacking, wrote this week on a blog that ‘despite being left in a Category A prison, Andy Coulson is in good spirits and is getting on well with his fellow inmates’. He added: ‘Reports that he has been attacked are totally untrue. 'We have been in each other’s company for between 22 to 24 hours per day and I have witnessed nothing other than the hand of friendship to both of us. We would like to put the record straight on this.’ It is believed that if and when Mr Coulson is transferred, it would be to Standford Hill open prison in Kent, near his home.
highlights: Andy Coulson was sent to notorious Belmarsh prison after conviction . Lawyers for 46-year-old thought he would be moved to an open prison . He is yet to be 'categorised' meaning he is not yet eligible for a move . Judge has recommended former News of the World editor be moved .
id: f5d15921756c20b786a8b3fb4aa5781203097478
chatgpt: Andy Coulson, the former editor of Britain's News of the World, has been sent to Belmarsh prison after his conviction. The 46-year-old had been hoping to be moved to an open prison, but his lawyers were informed that he has not yet been "categorised", which means that he is not yet eligible for such a move. Coulson was convicted of conspiring to hack phones while he was the editor of News of the World, a paper that was shut down in 2011 after the phone hacking scandal came to light. After a three-year trial, Coulson was found guilty of one charge of conspiracy to intercept communications and was sentenced to 18 months in prison. Many had expected Coulson to be sent to an open prison, where he would have had more freedom and been able to prepare for his eventual release. However, his lawyers were informed that he could only be moved once he had been "categorised", a process that can take some time. Despite the delay, there is some hope for Coulson. The judge who presided over his case has recommended that he be moved to an open prison as soon as possible. This has been welcomed by Coulson's family and supporters, who believe that he deserves a chance to begin his rehabilitation. In the meantime, Coulson will have to adjust to life in Belmarsh prison, a notorious institution that has housed some of Britain's most high-profile prisoners, including terrorists and murderers. He is expected to spend up to 23 hours a day in his cell, with limited access to the outside world. The news of Coulson's imprisonment has been met with a mixed reaction from the public. While many feel that he deserves to be punished for his role in the phone hacking scandal, others believe that he is being used as a scapegoat for the wider culture of illegal practices that was rampant in the British media at the time. Whatever the case may be, Coulson's imprisonment is a stark reminder of the power and influence of the media, and the dangers that can arise when those in charge of it are allowed to act with impunity. As the public and the authorities continue to grapple with the legacy of the phone hacking scandal, it remains to be seen what lessons can be learned from this dark chapter in British media history.