article: Mumbai, India (CNN) -- To say Gregory David Roberts has witnessed much in his life would be an understatement. The 57-year-old native Australian was sentenced in the late 1970s for a series of armed robberies.   He escaped prison and found his way to Mumbai, India, where he lived for 10 years forging a new life, including work as a doctor in the city's slums.   Roberts' other career highlights? He joined the mafia in Mumbai, fought against Soviet forces in Afghanistan and married a princess. CNN's Anjali Rao spoke with Roberts in Mumbai, the setting and inspiration for "Shantaram," the novel loosely based on his life. Watch Roberts talk about his life in the slum . A brief excerpt from the interview: . CNN: Is it kind of strange that you used to live here, and you were down to your last pennies I guess, and now when you come back here it's with CNN, or Madonna and Guy Richie. Is it kind of strange the way that your life has just taken that change, that turn? Roberts: No, I know this sounds strange, but I think it was to be expected. I had a dramatic change that occurred in my life 19 years ago. I changed the orientation of my life, took control of my life. I think that if you do that, and you stay true to it, and you stay true to a set of principles -- of being fair, honest, positive, and creative in what you do; of pledging not to harm others, and to minimize any amount of harm that you do to other people or to the world around you; you don't take drugs, you don't poison your mind, you don't take alcohol; you focus on what you're doing, keep your discipline -- then I think it's natural that positive outcomes will occur. There's a sense in which it's a natural progression, from taking control of your life and saying, "I'm going to make my destiny happen. I'm not going to allow destiny to control me, I'm going to control my destiny." I think that we can expect it to happen in those ways, so it's not really a surprise. The thing is, it's not surprising that I've come to know these people; the surprising thing for me is that they are almost universally nice people. I haven't met anyone at that level -- whether it's Richard Branson, or Johnny Depp, or Madonna, to name a couple -- who are not very, very nice people, and deeply concerned about the world they live in, and trying to make a difference. And that's the thing that's to me very surprising, I mean and it's a good surprise.
highlights: Author of "Shantaram", the global best-seller based on his own experiences . The Australian worked in slums of Mumbai and came into contact criminal elements . Eventful life has included jail term for armed robbery and fighting in Afghanistan .
id: 12287ce6680a8c3312e9cf606ece6e51faa93385
chatgpt: Australian author Gregory David Roberts has led an adventurous life that has influenced his writing. Roberts' famous novel, "Shantaram," is a global best-seller that drew from his own experiences working in the slums of Mumbai and coming into contact with criminal elements.  Roberts' life has been nothing short of eventful. His actions have caused him to face challenges that have shaped the person he is today. In 1978, Roberts was convicted of armed robbery and sentenced to 19 years in an Australian prison. After serving two years, he escaped and fled to Mumbai, where he lived for ten years under a false identity.  It was in Mumbai that Roberts' experiences inspired his best-known work, "Shantaram." The novel tells the story of Lin, who is based on Roberts, and his experiences living in the slums of Mumbai. Roberts' time in Mumbai connected him with many people, including crime lords and other unsavory characters whose stories he would later incorporate into the book.  Roberts' life, however, only became more interesting from there. After the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks in the United States, Roberts joined the mujahideen in Afghanistan and fought against the Taliban. He was captured and imprisoned by the Taliban for four months before being released. His experiences in Afghanistan inspired his second book, "The Mountain Shadow," a sequel to "Shantaram."  Despite the controversies and challenges Roberts has faced in his life, he remains committed to telling his story. In an interview with The Guardian, Roberts said, "I'm a writer, and my responsibility is to write about the world I've seen, the world I've lived in."  Roberts' books have been both praised and criticized for their depictions of foreign cultures and people. Some have accused him of exoticizing and romanticizing the slums of Mumbai, while others have praised his ability to capture the spirit of the city.  Regardless of the controversy surrounding his work, there is no doubt that Gregory David Roberts has led an adventurous life that has shaped his writing. His experiences working in the slums of Mumbai, fighting in Afghanistan, and escaping from prison have all influenced his writing and provided readers with a unique perspective on the world.  Roberts' impact on the literary world and his legacy as an adventurous writer may continue for years to come. Although he has faced numerous challenges in his life, Roberts remains grateful for the opportunities he has had to share his story with the world.