article: Islamic extremists threaten to stab fellow inmates who eat pork in front of them at one of Britain's toughest jails, a prisoner has claimed. The 'long serving prisoner' at HMP Long Lartin said cooking pork at the communal kitchen is 'deemed dangerous, even a threat to your life'. The anonymous man made the claims in a letter to prisoners' magazine Inside Time. The inmate claims Muslim prisoners threaten to stab people if they cook pork Long Lartin's communal kitchens . The anonymous inmate says young Muslim men are being radicalised at the prison but it is not being addressed . He claims inmates at the jail are being radicalised but the issue is not being addressed by prison bosses. 'Terror' preacher Abu Hamza and radical cleric Abu Qatada have both been held at the prison. The inmate wrote: 'The kitchen is usually occupied by 90 per cent Muslims and we have been told if we cook pork we will be stabbed. There have been incidents here where people have been targeted and pressured and bullied into converting to Islam. 'Young Muslim men are being radicalised in here and one day they may commit acts of terrorism in this country. 'There seems to be nothing being done here to stop it and people are scared to speak out.' The man also claimed Muslim inmates celebrated the murder of Drummer Lee Rigby at the Category A prison. Radical Islamists Abu Qatada (left) and Abu Hamza (right) have both been held at the prison . The young soldier was stabbed to death in the street in broad daylight as he returned to Woolwich Barracks on May 22. The prisoner said when the news was broadcast on television some Muslim prisoners praised the murder. He wrote: 'What I have come to realise in this prison is that these extremist views are not frowned on by other Muslims.' Long Lartin in Worcestershire is a maximum security prison where some of Britain is most notorious inmates have been held, including serial killer Jeremy Bamber, who murdered five members of his family, and Mark Dixie, who murdered and raped model Sally Ann Bowman in 2005. A Ministry of Justice spokesperson said: 'The Government takes a zero tolerance approach in tackling radicalisation and bullying in our prisons. 'All high security prisons have dedicated counter-terrorism units, who work in partnership with the Police and security services to root out extremism. 'We also have a team of Muslim chaplains across the estate who work with prisoners to prevent radicalisation. 'We already take steps to isolate those who seek to radicalise others, and this Government is planning further action to make sure that no prisoner is allowed to promote extremist ideology.'
highlights: Long serving prisoner at HMP Long Lartin made claims in open latter . Said cooking pork in communal kitchens is 'deemed a threat to your life' Claims young Muslim men are being radicalised at the prison . Hate preachers Abu Qatada and Abu Hamza both previously held at prison .
id: e054e7e52953d7624eff40d9f155ffbdfc633655
chatgpt: In a shocking open letter written from inside HMP Long Lartin, a long-serving prisoner claimed that cooking pork in communal kitchens is "deemed a threat to your life." The claims have reignited concerns about extremism in UK prisons, particularly among young Muslim men. The letter's author, whose identity has not been revealed, claimed that the prison's population is forced to cook with utensils that have been used to prepare pork, a practice that is strictly prohibited in Islam. According to the letter, "the constant risk of cross-contamination" means that Muslim prisoners are "living in fear each time" they cook. The letter also included allegations about radicalisation within the prison. The author claimed that young Muslim men were being targeted by extremist groups and hate preachers, including Abu Qatada and Abu Hamza, both of whom have previously been held at HMP Long Lartin. The author suggested that the prison was "failing" to tackle the issue of extremism, and that more needed to be done to protect vulnerable prisoners from radicalisation. The claims have been met with concern from prison reform advocates and anti-extremism groups. The UK government has acknowledged the serious nature of the allegations, with a spokesperson stating that they are "taking them very seriously and investigating thoroughly." In recent years, concerns about extremism in UK prisons have been growing. In 2019, a report from the UK government's independent reviewer of terrorism legislation warned that there was a "persistent problem" of Islamist extremism in the country's prisons. The report also raised concerns about the spread of extremist views through books and other materials. The issue of pork being cooked in communal kitchens has also been a topic of concern in UK prisons in recent years. In 2018, a group of Muslim prisoners at HMP Littlehey won a legal case against the government after claiming that they were being forced to prepare and cook food that went against their religious beliefs. The recent claims from HMP Long Lartin have once again highlighted the need for effective measures to tackle extremism in UK prisons, and to ensure that all prisoners have access to food that is suitable for their religious and cultural needs. The government has suggested that it is committed to tackling these issues, but the latest allegations suggest that more needs to be done to protect vulnerable prisoners from the dangers of radicalisation within the prison system.