article: (CNN)It's not easy to squeeze 40 years of show into one anniversary special, but "Saturday Night Live" gave it a go on Sunday night. From the Jimmy Fallon/Justin Timberlake opening to the return of Eddie Murphy and musical performances by the likes of lightning rod artists Kanye West  and Miley Cyrus (who offered a surprisingly charming version of "50 Ways to Leave Your Lover"), it was an evening of mockery and fond remembrances for the "SNL" 40th anniversary special. Why 'Saturday Night Live' is still awesome . Here are some highlights: . Jimmy Fallon and Justin Timberlake get musical . Could NBC please just give these two their own show already? We already knew that Fallon and Timberlake are magical, thanks to their "History of Rap" skits on Fallon's "Tonight Show." On Sunday night, they opened the special episode with a musical number celebrating some of the show's most famous catchphrases. Three cheers for Timberlake's Schweddy balls! Betty White makes out with Bradley Cooper . "The Californians" skit was already pretty awesome, with Taylor Swift and Kerry Washington joining cast members past and present (Laraine Newman even showed up!), but then 93-year-old White locked lips with 40-year-old Cooper. Wow. The return of Eddie Murphy . We won't say much about this one even though it was eagerly anticipated. After a 30-year absence from "SNL," Murphy returned for all of 73 seconds. Introduced by Chris Rock, the actor received a standing ovation and offered a few words including "I will always love this show," and that was that. It was brief and awkward. Welcome back, "Wayne's World" Mike Myers and Dana Carvey returned as the beloved characters Wayne Campbell and Garth Algar for an "SNL" Top 10. In announcing No. 6 -- musical guests -- Carvey as Garth said, "I think Beck was one of the best, even better than Beyonce." That was the perfect segue into No. 5: "Kanye, sit down," a reference to the artist's recent lament that Beck should not have beat out Beyonce for best album at the 2015 Grammys. West was in the audience, and at one point we got to see him play along as security "restrained" him. Way to have a sense of humor about it, Ye. Party on! Excellent! Celebrity "Jeopardy!" Will Ferrell as Alex Trebek is always at his best when paired with Darrell Hammond's borderline-NSFW Sean Connery, but this episode also gave us the delight that is Kate McKinnon as Justin Bieber and Alec Baldwin as Tony Bennett. When the other "celebs" showed up, it was hard to keep it together. Jim Carrey's Matthew McConaughey was pretty spot-on.
highlights: Sunday night's special celebrates 40 years of the sketch classic . Former cast members such as Eddie Murphy and Laraine Newman appeared . Guests included Kanye West, Justin Timberlake and Betty White .
id: f63db13200fd2dc00ab055f6847b8c5db04d6753
chatgpt: It's been 40 years since Saturday Night Live first graced our screens, and to celebrate this momentous occasion, Sunday night saw a special tribute show devoted to the sketch comedy powerhouse. The program was jam-packed with celebrity guests – some former cast members, some musical icons – who all came together to pay homage to one of the greatest shows on television. Among the former cast members were Eddie Murphy and Laraine Newman, both of whom made a huge impact during their time on the show. Murphy, who was only 19 when he first joined SNL, quickly established himself as a force to be reckoned with, thanks to his razor-sharp wit and his incredible characterizations. Though he left the show in 1984, he has since gone on to become one of the most successful comedians of all time. Meanwhile, Newman brought a unique energy to SNL during her time on the show, often playing offbeat characters with vigor and aplomb. Her presence at the tribute show was a reminder of just how much she contributed to the early years of SNL. But the special wasn't just a time to reminisce about the past – it also looked to the present and the future of the show. This was evident in the guests who appeared on the show, including hip hop icon Kanye West and pop superstar Justin Timberlake. Both have made numerous appearances on SNL over the years, and their inclusion in the tribute show was a testament to their continued support of the program. West, in particular, has been a vocal fan of SNL, often using the show as a platform for his own artistic expression. Another guest who appeared on the show was none other than Betty White. At 99 years old, White is one of the most beloved actresses of all time, and her appearance at the tribute show was a highlight for many viewers. White first appeared on SNL in 2010 as part of a sketch that went viral and remains one of the most memorable moments in SNL history. Throughout the special, there were numerous moments that paid homage to the show's rich history, from the classic sketches that were shown to the interviews with former cast members. But there was also a sense of excitement for what the future holds for SNL. The show has continued to evolve over the years, and with new cast members coming on board and new writers contributing to the show, there is a sense of endless possibility when it comes to what SNL can achieve. All in all, the 40th anniversary tribute show for Saturday Night Live was a tremendous success. It brought together some of the most talented people in the entertainment industry to celebrate an enduring legacy, and it served as a reminder of just how important SNL has been to American culture over the past four decades. Here's to another 40 years of laughs, satire, and general irreverence – all courtesy of Saturday Night Live.