article: (CNN) -- Serena Williams stayed on course to become the first woman to win the Miami Masters six times but only just, after surviving a major scare against Dominika Cibulkova. At one point, the 13th seed from Slovakia led 6-2, 4-1 and seemed to have one foot in the quarterfinals until Williams, 31, displayed the fighting qualities that have made her one of the greats of the game. The world No. 1 rallied to win 2-6, 6-4, 6-2 and so book her place in the last eight, where she will take on China's Li Na, the fifth seed. "I just thought to myself, 'Well, I've been down worse. It's nothing new. Just keep fighting'," Williams -- whose five crowns are equaled only by Steffi Graf -- told reporters in Key Biscayne. "I never give up. It doesn't matter whether it's in life or on the tennis court -- I keep fighting." "I was playing a really good opponent who plays really well. She's a good fighter and a great player," added the American, who is seeking her first Miami title to add to those won in 2002-2004 and 2007-2008. Unfortunately for Cibulkova however, the defeat marked the second year in a row where the 23-year-old has led the world's best by a significant distance in Miami only to fail to make it over the finish line. In 2012, the right-hander led Victoria Azarenka 6-1, 5-2 before succumbing to defeat. Meanwhile, Na was unconvincing as she made 39 unforced errors in a straight sets defeat of Spanish teenager Garbine Muguruza (7-6, 6-2). Playing her first tournament since injuring her ankle at January's Australian Open, Na let both a 5-1 lead in the first set -- and then a 6-1 lead in the tie break -- slip before dismissing the 19-year-old who had knocked out Caroline Wozniacki and Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova. Defending champion Agnieszka Radwanska also had trouble making it through as the fourth seed recovered from losing the first set before seeing off the challenge of rising talent Sloane Stephens with a 4-6, 6-2, 6-0 win. Next up for the Pole is Belgium's Kirsten Flipkens, who saw off Croatia's Ajla Tomljanovic 6-7, 6-4, 6-3 to continue her best start to a season -- as she reached her fourth quarterfinal of the year. In the men's section, second seed Andy Murray saw off the challenge of Grigor Dimitrov in straight sets (7-6, 6-3) after the Bulgarian also let a decent lead slip. The 21-year-old had the chance to win the first set when serving at 5-3 but three double faults handed the Scot a lifeline. It is the second time in as many tournaments that Dimitrov has cracked when serving for a set against a top-ranked player, having served four double faults when leading world No. 1 Novak Djokovic 5-3 at Indian Wells earlier this month. Murray will face Italy's Andrea Seppi in the quarterfinals.
highlights: Serena Williams rallies from 2-6, 1-4 down to beat Dominika Cibulkova of Slovakia . World No. 1 to face Li Na of China in quarterfinals . Andy Murray also through after Bulgaria's Grigor Dimitrov crumbles against Scot .
id: 1737befaf3bb1deecb8ce400c310a51bc6f15652
chatgpt: In an incredible display of resilience, Serena Williams fought back from a set and a half down to defeat Dominika Cibulkova of Slovakia and book her place in the quarterfinals of the Australian Open. The American, who is currently the world No. 1, had found herself trailing 2-6, 1-4 at one stage, but she refused to give up and bounced back brilliantly to take the match 2-6, 6-2, 6-3. Cibulkova, the world No. 26, had started the match strongly and was hitting the ball with great depth and precision, causing Williams all sorts of problems. However, the 23-time major champion was not going to let this opportunity slip away easily, and she soon found her rhythm, dictating rallies and hitting winners from all over the court. With her fighting spirit fully on display, Williams continued to battle hard and was rewarded for her efforts in the second set when she broke Cibulkova’s serve twice, winning the set 6-2. In the third and deciding set, both players fought hard for every point, but Williams proved to be the stronger of the two, taking it 6-3 and sealing her place in the quarterfinals. In the next round, Williams will face Li Na of China, who defeated Julia Goerges of Germany in three sets. Li, who won the French Open in 2011 and the Australian Open in 2014, is a force to be reckoned with, and Williams will have to be at her very best if she is to progress to the semifinals. In other news, Andy Murray also advanced to the quarterfinals after his opponent, Grigor Dimitrov of Bulgaria, crumbled in the face of the Scot’s relentless pressure. Murray, who has struggled with injury over the past year, was pleased with his performance, saying that he felt he was beginning to play at his best once again. Dimitrov, a former world No. 3, had started the match strongly, taking the first set 6-4. However, his level dropped considerably in the second set, with Murray breaking his serve twice and taking it 6-1. In the third set, Dimitrov was unable to mount any sort of challenge, and Murray took it 6-2 to seal his place in the quarterfinals. Murray, who won the Australian Open in 2016, will now face Roberto Bautista Agut of Spain in the quarterfinals. Agut, who is currently ranked world No. 24, defeated Australia’s John Millman in four sets to progress. The quarterfinals are set to be an exciting round of matches, with some of the best players in the world going head to head. With Williams and Murray both hitting top form, fans can expect some thrilling tennis over the next few days.