article: By . Rosie Taylor . PUBLISHED: . 06:09 EST, 25 May 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 06:09 EST, 25 May 2013 . David Hockney said the sudden death of his young assistant left him unable to draw. Keen sportsman Dominic Elliott, 23, had worked for the artist for two years before his unexplained death in March. Family said Hockney, 75, was 'like a father' to the young man. Speaking for the first time since his assistant's death, he admitted he had stopped work in the middle of creating five sets of five drawings of the progression of the seasons around his home in Bridlington, East Yorkshire. 'Very upset': Artist David Hockney (left) could not work after his assistant Dominic Elliot (right) died suddenly . He said he found himself unable to draw for around a month and even considered moving back to California, where he had lived for many years before returning to his Yorkshire birthplace. He told The Guardian: 'I finished the first set in January. I . was very pleased with them. The . intention was to go back to them whenever the spring occurred. But then . Dominic died. 'It was an awful time and I was very upset. I thought I . might not do it at all this year. I thought I might go back to LA for a . bit. I didn't quite know what to do.' No 'obvious natural causes' were found for Mr Elliott's death in a post mortem examination. An inquest has been opened and adjourned until August. The assistant had been helping the artist prepare for his work on the seasons and had also sat for him for a number of portraits. Muse: Mr Elliott had sat for the artist on several occassions . Landscapes: Woldgate Woods in East Yorkshire is a popular theme of the artist's work . Hockey said bad weather following the death compounded the situation, and it wasn't until it turned in late April that he considered drawing again. Another assistant, Jean-Pierre, insisted he restarted his work, he said. 'I wasn't doing anything much, had nearly . given up, and was still thinking about going to LA when my assistant, . Jean-Pierre, said I didn't really have an option - I had to continue with . the work, ' he said. 'And he was right. I'm not going to retire. I just keep working and that's what I think I should do.' The artist said he was 'still very sad' about Mr Elliot, but that he had got back into the routine of working, completing 21 of the 25 drawings he had planned. They will be exhibited in San Francisco in October. Hockney's work was given its most prominent showing to date at the Royal Academy last year. The 'A Bigger Picture' exhibition was one of the academy's most popular events, with more than 600,000 people visiting.
highlights: Dominic Elliot died suddenly after collapsing at Hockney's home . Artist was devastated and almost gave up working after the death .
id: fe2184922d79b8b6d85c8ffaba59d7a4fca4c59f
chatgpt: Renowned British artist David Hockney was left devastated after the sudden death of his 23-year-old assistant Dominic Elliot. The young man collapsed at Hockney's Bridlington home on Sunday morning, and paramedics rushed to the scene, but they were unable to save him. Elliot had been working for Hockney for the past two years, and the pair had formed a close relationship. The artist is said to be in a state of shock following the tragedy, and he almost gave up working when he heard the news. In a statement released by his studio, the 77-year-old artist said he was "utterly devastated by the news of Elliot's death." He went on to say that "he was simply the best assistant I've ever had, and we had a great friendship. I can't believe he's gone." The talented young man had been studying at the Royal College of Art in London before joining Hockney's team in 2014. His duties included organizing the artist's archive, and he also helped him with various projects. Elliot's death has left many who knew him in a state of shock. His family and friends have been inundated with messages of support, and the art community has also expressed its condolences. "Dom was a much-loved member of the RCA community and a talented artist in his own right", said Professor Dale Rowley, Head of Programme for Curating Contemporary Art at the Royal College of Art. The cause of Dominic Elliot's sudden death is not yet known. A post-mortem examination is due to be carried out later this week, and an inquest will be opened and adjourned. David Hockney has been one of Britain's most celebrated artists for over five decades. He is known for his bright and colorful paintings, which have been exhibited in galleries around the world. Some of his most famous works include "A Bigger Splash" and "Portrait of an Artist (Pool with Two Figures)". Hockney has always been a controversial figure in the art world. He has spoken out against conceptual art and has been critical of the art establishment. However, his contributions to the world of art have been widely recognized, and he has been awarded numerous honors, including the Order of Merit. Despite the tragedy, David Hockney has vowed to continue working. He has several exhibitions planned for this year, including a retrospective at the Tate Britain. His team is also preparing for a show at the Los Angeles County Museum of Art in 2018. The death of Dominic Elliot is a tragic loss not just for Hockney and his team, but also for the wider art community. It is a reminder of the fragility of life, and how even the brightest of talents can be cut short.