article: (CNN) -- England captain Lewis Moody has dismissed suggestions his team have been handed an easy draw for the group stage of the 2011 Rugby World Cup in New Zealand. Moody, 33, is out of his team's opening match with Argentina in Dunedin on Saturday, as England look to reach a third successive World Cup final and repeat their victorious campaign at Australia 2003. Argentina, who finished third at the 2007 tournament in France, look set to present Martin Johnson's team with their toughest test of the opening round, with England's archrivals Scotland and minnows Georgia and Romania making up the rest of Pool B. "No, there's no such thing," the Flanker told CNN when asked if his team's group was easy. "There really isn't, I mean people will say that but it's certainly not the case. "Argentina finished third in the last World Cup, Scotland have beaten South Africa ... We have a very big challenge in this tournament and first is making sure that we come out of the group in as strong a position as we can against tough opposition. "You know it's just great that every nation that's involved in this World Cup is really lifting their standards and you know that every game you're going to be playing is going to be tough." The 2011 World Cup will see Russia make their debut at the quadrennial competition, and Moody is convinced the sport's continued expansion into new territories bodes well for the future. "More people are getting involved and will take it [rugby] back to their countries and, if they've done well, they will have all that support and it will grow their fan base in those countries," Mooday added. "It's great for the sport." Moody has already been a world champion once in his career, as part of the team which, captained by current coach Johnson, defeated hosts Australia to lift the Webb-Ellis trophy in 2003. Along with fly-half Jonny Wilkinson, who kicked the drop goal which won the final eight years ago, Moody is one of only two 2011 World Cup squad members who played in that historic match in Sydney. "I remember being very nervous for a vast majority [of the final] because I was sat on the bench and all your anticipation, your anxieties, they are all with you until step across that white line on the pitch. "When I did get on, I remember Ben Kay calling the line out with a minute to go with me at the back and, thankfully, Steve Thompson threw it, I caught it, the ball went to Matt Dawson and the rest is history. "Dawson managed to get the ball to Jonny, who then kicked the drop goal. It was an incredible occasion and one that will stick with you for very fond reasons."
highlights: Lewis Moody tells CNN there are no easy games at the Rugby World Cup . The England captain is out of his team's opening game on Saturday . Their opponents in the Dunedin clash will be Argentina .
id: e451e37d58c4815b4185cfa4b72d5cdd88480b49
chatgpt: Former England rugby captain, Lewis Moody, has warned his team and fans alike that there are no easy games at the Rugby World Cup. Speaking to CNN, Moody emphasized the importance of respecting all opponents, regardless of their ranking or previous performances. Moody's comments come ahead of England's opening game on Saturday, where they will face a tough challenge from Argentina in Dunedin. Unfortunately for England, Moody will be missing from the team due to injury, but he will no doubt be cheering them on from the sidelines. The match against Argentina is likely to be a closely fought encounter, with both teams looking to make a statement early on in the tournament. Many of the players on both sides have previous experience of playing against each other, as they often compete in the Southern Hemisphere's Rugby Championship. England will be hoping to replicate their World Cup success from 2003, where they lifted the trophy after beating Australia in the final. However, their recent performances in major tournaments have been disappointing, and they will need to be at their very best to progress deep into this year's competition. Moody believes that the key to any team's success in the World Cup is to focus on each game as it comes, and not to underestimate any opponents. He also highlighted the importance of being mentally prepared for the challenges ahead and sticking to the game plan set out by the coaching staff. England head coach Eddie Jones will be looking to implement a fast-paced, attacking style of rugby, which will rely on the speed and agility of his players. Captain Owen Farrell will also play a crucial role in leading the team and inspiring his teammates to perform to their fullest potential. Argentina, meanwhile, will be looking to upset the odds and cause an upset against their more fancied opponents. Led by experienced campaigner Agustin Creevy, they will be looking to disrupt England's attacking game plan and dominate the set pieces. The stage is set for an enthralling encounter between these two rugby powerhouses, with both teams eager to showcase their abilities on the biggest stage of all. Rugby fans around the world will be eagerly anticipating this mouth-watering clash, as the excitement of the World Cup continues to build. In conclusion, Moody's words of caution about the challenges of the Rugby World Cup should serve as a timely reminder to England and their fans. While they may be considered one of the favorites for the tournament, they will need to be at their very best to overcome the challenges that lie ahead. The battle against Argentina will be a testing early examination of their credentials, and one that they simply cannot afford to underestimate.