article: By . Emma Innes . PUBLISHED: . 07:06 EST, 4 October 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 07:07 EST, 4 October 2013 . Known as anti-Viagra, a new drug which treats premature ejaculation could be the next big thing. Promescent, an FDA-approved medication to prevent premature ejaculation, is revolutionising treatment for the condition which affects one in three men at some point in their lives. Until now, impotence drugs, such as Viagra, have been big business for pharmaceutical companies but premature ejaculation treatment has been comparatively ignored. Promescent, an FDA-approved medication to prevent premature ejaculation, is revolutionising treatment for the condition which affects one in three men at some time in their lives . Now, however, competition is increasing to find treatments for the condition, CNBC reports. Jeff Abraham, CEO of a four-year-old pharmaceutical company called Absorption Pharmaceuticals, makes Promescent – a spray which can be bought over-the-counter. He is amazed that none of the big pharmaceutical companies have yet come up with a rival product. He said to CNBC: ‘How can these billion dollar companies in the ED space not come up with a product?’ Promescent uses lidocaine, a pain medication, to reduce a man’s sensitivity so he can perform for longer. This year it is believed that sales of the drug will reach $1.5 million and that next year, they will hit $4 million. It is thought that the drug is now also being used by people who do not suffer from premature ejaculation. Mr Abraham told CNBC: ‘There is a tremendous recreational component.’ Until now, impotence drugs, such as Viagra (pictured), have been big business for pharmaceutical companies but premature ejaculation treatment has been comparatively ignored . A rival product, Tempe, is soon to hit the European market. It was made by Dr Mike Wyllie who created Viagra. Mr Abraham believes the market for premature ejaculation treatments could soon become bigger than the one for erectile dysfunction treatments – he recently turned down an offer of $30 million for his company believing it will soon be worth much more. John Dean, one of Britain’s leading experts on male sexual problems and a past president of the International Society for Sexual Medicine, said: ‘Whilst premature ejaculation is not a life-threatening condition, its consequences can be serious. ‘This is a chronic, debilitating problem, affecting both men and their partners.’
highlights: Promescent is a spray which reduces sensitivity so a man can perform for longer - it is available over-the-counter and is approved by the FDA . It is produced by a small company, called Absorption Pharmaceuticals . The CEO, Jeff Abraham, believes premature ejaculation treatments are the next big thing so is amazed no big companies have made a rival product .
id: cf96b10b0a4fee33330748b1ceb44ddb6665a596
chatgpt: Absorption Pharmaceuticals, a small company based in Los Angeles, has found success with its over-the-counter spray, Promescent, aimed at men who would like to last longer in bed. The spray, which is approved by the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA), has quickly gained popularity among men who suffer from premature ejaculation. Promescent is a lidocaine-based spray that works by reducing sensitivity in the penis, allowing men to perform for longer during sexual activity without worrying about cumming too early. The spray, which was launched in 2011, has seen a steady growth in sales since then and has become one of the company's most successful products. The CEO of Absorption Pharmaceuticals, Jeff Abraham, is amazed that no other big companies have tried to create a similar product to Promescent. Speaking to CNN Business, Abraham said that "it's perplexing to me that this isn't a billion-dollar category, given that 20-30% of men are impacted by this [premature ejaculation]." Abraham believes that premature ejaculation treatments will become the "next big thing" in the male sexual health industry, and he is confident that his company's flagship product, Promescent, will lead the way. "I've heard rumblings that there might be some competitors coming out, but nobody's biting at the bit yet, which is really perplexing to me," he added. One of the key selling points of Promescent is that it is an over-the-counter product, meaning that men don't need a prescription to buy it. This has made it much easier for men to access the spray, and it has become a popular solution for those who are too embarrassed to talk to a doctor about their premature ejaculation. The spray has become so successful that Absorption Pharmaceuticals is now selling it in more than 25 countries worldwide. The company also recently partnered with a major retail pharmacy chain in the US, making Promescent even more accessible to the public. While Promescent's success has certainly been a boon for Absorption Pharmaceuticals, the company is still relatively small compared to some of its competitors in the sexual health industry. However, Abraham is optimistic about the future and believes that the company will continue to grow in the coming years. "It's a matter of time before somebody recognizes the potential here and then gives us a call," he said. "Until then, we're happy to keep plugging along and satisfy our customers' needs."