article: By . James Chapman . UPDATED: . 03:28 EST, 19 December 2011 . Supermarkets will today be told to reduce excessive packaging within the next 12 months – or face new laws that will force them to. Officials are understood to be examining radical options, including a legal right pioneered in Scandinavia for consumers to return plastic waste to the superstore where they bought it. Britain produces the equivalent weight of 245 jumbo jets in packaging waste every week. Local Government Minister Grant Shapps, who is hosting today’s summit of supermarket bosses and waste experts, said the problem was particularly acute at Christmas. At this time of year, the total potential cost to taxpayers could reach more than £168million, thanks to the price of landfill. For every ton, councils pay £56. Around 227,000 miles of wrapping paper – enough to go round the world roughly nine times –  will be thrown away this Christmas, according to Government statistics. Packaging for up to ten million turkeys and 25million Christmas puddings will also go in the bin. In total, enough waste will be produced to fill Big Ben 1,500 times. The minister said supermarkets must make a significant effort to reduce their packaging by this time next year, or face Government action. He also urged shoppers to complain to retailers about pointless packaging. ‘Christmas should be a time for sharing and celebrating but every trussed up turkey, shrink-wrapped sprout and over-packaged pudding adds to the clean up cost,’ Mr Shapps said. ‘At a time when councils are watching every penny, supermarkets should be thinking about how they can help shoppers minimise their waste. ‘I want every supermarket to commit to culling packaging by this time next year. Consumers have a big interest in putting pressure on the supermarkets to reduce their packaging, since it will help reduce their tax bills.’ Too much: Sainsbury's narrowly escaped prosecution over the packaging of this Taste the Difference Roast Beef joint which had excessive wrapping . Though supermarkets have made efforts to reduce waste, campaigners point out that more rubbish goes to landfill in Britain than in any other European country. Shoppers are routinely charged extra for buying fruit and vegetables that are wrapped in plastic rather than sold loose. Last year Sainsbury’s narrowly escaped prosecution for using excessive wrapping on its Taste the Difference Slow Matured Ultimate Beef roasting joint, which came in a plastic shrink-wrap, placed inside a plastic tray with a plastic lid and finished with a cardboard sleeve. Lincolnshire trading standards called off what would have been a landmark case after the store made voluntary reductions to  the packaging.
highlights: Enough Christmas paper waste to go around the world NINE times .
id: 586341444a8579031aac2b748189d9117b73f92f
chatgpt: As Christmas comes to an end, the aftermath of the festive season is starting to show. One of the biggest issues that arises every year is the amount of waste generated by holiday packaging and wrapping paper. This year, it seems like the problem has reached a new scale, as new statistics suggest that there was enough Christmas paper waste to go around the world a staggering nine times. According to the UK recycling charity, WRAP, British consumers throw away around 300,000 tonnes of card and packaging waste each year during the Christmas period. This figure does not even include the amount of wrapping paper used for presents, which is often non-recyclable and ends up in landfills. The charity's analysis estimates that each UK household will produce an additional 4.8kg of waste over the festive period. The issue extends beyond the UK, however. In the United States, the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) reports that household waste increases by 25 percent between Thanksgiving and New Year's Day. This means that an extra one million tonnes of waste is generated each week during the period. It is estimated that wrapping paper alone accounts for around one million additional tonnes of waste in the United States each year. The amount of Christmas waste generated each year not only negatively impacts the environment, but it also has wider financial implications. Local councils across the UK have reported that they will spend millions of pounds on disposing of Christmas waste, leading to concerns that taxpayers' money is being wasted. Despite these concerning findings, there are steps that consumers can take to reduce their holiday waste. One of the easiest ways is to use recyclable wrapping paper, or even better, reusable gift bags. Another option is to opt for e-cards or use recycled paper to make your own cards. Planning meals and making sure there is enough food for everyone can also help to minimise food waste. In response to the growing awareness of Christmas waste, some governments and councils have implemented recycling initiatives to help tackle the problem. The Scottish government, for example, launched a £250,000 campaign to encourage people to recycle their Christmas waste in a bid to reduce the amount going to landfill. Meanwhile, some local councils have also expanded their recycling programmes to accommodate Christmas waste. As consumers become more aware of the scale of Christmas waste, it is hoped that the trend towards more sustainable and eco-friendly practices will continue. Whether it is through recycling initiatives or small steps taken by individuals, it is clear that reducing waste will be essential to safeguarding our environment and reducing our carbon footprint.