article: By . Ryan Gorman . The plan: State officials released this report detailing how they wanted to limit STDs and teen pregnancies . New York state officials are considering sexual education classes for elementary school students and HIV tests for 13-year-olds, according to a new report. The New York State Youth Sexual Health Plan, released this week, found that one in four adolescents is likely to contract a sexually transmitted disease, and that about 60 per cent of all high school students in the state are sexually active before graduation. Authorities believe that taking a proactive approach to teaching children about sex is the only way to mitigate a future spike as children become sexually active at an increasingly younger age – but not all parents agreed. ‘I work around teenagers and the vast majority of them at 13, when I ask them if they’re sexually active, look at me like, ‘Are you crazy?’ Parent Joshua Stillman told WCBS. ‘And to put HIV testing on the plate in front of them, I think, would be not only weird for them, but probably make them think about something that’s not anywhere close to their consciousness.’ The state’s first-ever organized attempt to confront this growing challenge is bolstered by as many as 10 per cent of all students saying they did not use any birth control during sexual intercourse. Only 7.2 per cent said they used both a condom and another birth control method, according to the report. 'Reproductive and sexual health are key health issues for adolescents and young adults,' Acting State Health Commissioner Dr. Howard Zuckertold the New York Post. 'Providing accurate and comprehensive information to protect adolescents’ health and prepare them for responsible decision making is a public health priority.' Even more troubling, 63 per cent of all STDs are contracted by people aged 15 to 23-years-old, the state said. And one in five new cases of HIS is reported in an individual under the age of 25. ‘Thirteen might be, you know, a little young for that, but sadly not by much,’ Jeffrey Ernstoff told WCBS. Reading, writing and... sex ed: State officials want children as young as elementary school to begin learning about sex . The main objective of the comprehensive plan is to prevent the spread of STDs among schoolchildren, and also to prevent teen pregnancies. Almost 3,700 babies were reported born to mothers 17 or younger in 2012 in New York, the report said. One of the suggestion made to limit these births is to provide contraception to children as young as 15. Sex education is also suggested for students beginning as early as elementary school for those school districts that are interested. The plan has yet to be put into action and is merely just a series of suggestions. It is not clear how long it would take for it to be put into place.
highlights: Almost 3,700 babies were born to mothers 17 and under in 2012 in New York, state officials said . Almost two-thirds of high school students have sex before graduation, a new report revealed . One in five new cases of HIV are found in adults and children under 25-years-old, authorities said .
id: d49224e840187eea2117e1ba3a8ab896fc7f474a
chatgpt: New York state officials have revealed that almost 3,700 babies born in 2012 were born to mothers 17 and under. The startling statistics have raised concerns about the impact of teenage pregnancies on young girls in the state. According to a new report, almost two-thirds of high school students in New York have sex before graduation, highlighting the need for effective sex education and access to contraception. "Teenage pregnancy can have significant and long-lasting consequences on young women and their families," said New York Governor Andrew Cuomo. "We must redouble our efforts to ensure that our young people have the information and resources they need to make healthy and informed decisions." Experts have highlighted the need for comprehensive sex education programs in schools, which can provide young people with the knowledge and skills they need to make safe and responsible choices. However, access to such programs and resources remains an issue in many communities. "We need to make sure that our young people have access to evidence-based sex education programs that promote healthy behaviors and support contraceptive use," said Dr. Howard Zucker, the state's Health Commissioner. The report also revealed that one in five new cases of HIV are found in adults and children under 25-years-old, highlighting the need for increased awareness and access to HIV prevention and testing services. "Too many young people are living with HIV or are at risk of acquiring it," said Dr. Zucker. "We need to make sure that all young people have access to the information, resources and services they need to protect themselves from HIV and other sexually transmitted infections." As part of its efforts to tackle teenage pregnancy and promote sexual health, the state has invested in a range of initiatives, including the promotion of evidence-based sex education programs, the expansion of access to contraception and HIV testing, and the provision of healthcare services for pregnant and parenting young women. In addition, the state has invested in programs that support young parents, such as the Teen Parent Program, which provides educational and vocational support to young mothers and fathers. "While we have made progress in reducing teenage pregnancy rates in New York, we know that more needs to be done," said Governor Cuomo. "By investing in proven programs and initiatives, we can support young people in making healthy decisions and building brighter futures for themselves and their families." The latest statistics serve as a reminder of the ongoing challenges in promoting sexual health and preventing teenage pregnancies and HIV infections among young people in New York and beyond. However, with targeted investments in evidence-based programs and services, there is hope that progress can be made in improving the health and wellbeing of young people across the state.