article: By . Zoe Szathmary . A couple was rescued on Saturday after they were stuck treading water for over 14 hours off the coast of Florida. Sean McGovern, 50, and Mellisa Morris, 52, fell off their boat on Friday night in Key Largo and 'were treading water without any life vests or means to communicate with nearby boaters,' WSVN said. Scroll down for video . Rescued: Sean McGovern and Mellisa Morris, pictured, were rescued on Saturday morning after they were stuck treading water for over 14 hours . Washed ashore: The couple's boat, pictured, later turned up in Fort Lauderdale . The couple was rescued by four men - including a Broward Sheriff's Office firefighter and two detectives - who were on a fishing trip near Hallandale Beach, the station said. The couple's rescuers described their experiences to WSVN. 'When we heard their story, it was pretty impressive,' firefighter Keith Silvis said. 'Very distraught, tired, you could tell they had been in the water a long time.' Morris' legs were cramped at the time of the rescue, Steve Crouch told the station. Firefighter: Keith Silvis, pictured, said 'When we heard their story, it was pretty impressive' 'We had to actually lift her out of the water,' he said. 'The male, Sean, said he ran into three or four [jellyfish] stings during the course of the evening,' Crouch also told WSVN. 'We originally thought they were fish,'BSO Detective Adam White said. 'We got up close, and once we realized that they were in trouble, we brought them on board,' White said. The couple's boat later washed up in Fort Lauderdale. WSVN-TV - 7NEWS Miami Ft. Lauderdale News, Weather, Deco .
highlights: Sean McGovern, 50, and Mellissa Morris, 52, fell off their boat on Friday night in Key Largo . The couple was rescued by four men - . including a firefighter and two detectives - . who were on a fishing trip near Hallandale Beach . The couple's boat later washed up in Fort Lauderdale .
id: 786811ffdea905b1dd4532698118a69f2543b1c2
chatgpt: Two boaters, Sean McGovern, 50, and Mellissa Morris, 52, had a brush with death last Friday when they fell off their boat in Key Largo. The couple was lucky to be rescued by a group of four men who happened to be on a fishing trip close by. Among the men were two detectives and a firefighter. The incident occurred on Friday night while the couple was out boating. They fell off their boat in the middle of the night and were stranded in the water, helpless until the group of four fishermen -- who were later identified as detectives and a firefighter -- came to their rescue. The group of four was on a fishing trip near Hallandale Beach when they heard the couple's calls for help. Without hesitation, they rushed to the scene and managed to pull the couple to safety. Reports have confirmed that both Sean McGovern and Mellissa Morris were unharmed in the incident and only suffered minor cuts and bruises. Following their rescue, the couple was taken to the hospital for medical checkups and later released. Meanwhile, the couple's boat was recovered washed up in Fort Lauderdale, almost 35 miles away from the spot where the duo had fallen off. The reasons for their fall are still unclear. The police have hailed the actions of the fishermen and have thanked them for their bravery in rescuing the couple. It is a testament to the selflessness of people and the willingness to help others, especially in times of emergencies. The incident serves as a reminder of the dangers that can arise from boating without proper precaution, and the importance of seeking help when things go wrong. The rescued couple, however, can count themselves lucky, for it was the quick intervention of the good Samaritans that saved their lives.