article: By . Peter Allen . PUBLISHED: . 12:02 EST, 16 August 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 14:52 EST, 16 August 2013 . Armed robbers stole watches worth thousands of pounds after holding terrified staff at a hotel boutique at gunpoint in a raid that detectives fear may be the work of a notorious criminal gang. Thieves threatened staff at the Hyatt Regency Palais de la Mediterranee hotel on the upmarket Promenade des Anglais in Nice shortly after 7am this morning. The gang targeted watches which were displayed in a reinforced case next to the hotel's jewellery boutique. Terror hotel: The robbers threatened staff at the Hyatt Regency Palais de la Mediterranee hotel in Nice shortly after 7am this morning . Police are exploring the possibility . that the heist could be linked to the Pink Panther gang made up of . ex-soldiers from places like Serbia and Ukraine. The . gang has been targeting jewellery collections for almost 15 years, . stealing up 330 million pounds worth, often from Riviera resorts like . Nice and Cannes. A . police spokesman said that the robbers left the scene on scooters and . that the value of their haul has not yet been calculated. The . robbery is the latest in a long list of raids which have targeted the . upmarket hotels and shops on the seafront around resorts like Nice. Police are linking the heist to a series of other robberies on the French Riviera which they are connecting with the Pink Panther gang. The Carlton hotel in Cannes, pictured, was targeted last month . The . authorities in nearby Cannes pledged to tighten security last month . following a record-breaking raid at the world-famous Carlton Hotel, . which is a favourite of Hollywood stars ranging from Elizabeth Taylor to . Angelina Jolie. A lone gunman wearing a crash helmet . and scarf to cover his face walked into the hotel on a Sunday lunchtime . before brandishing his pistol at staff. He . walked into a bedroom where £90 million worth of diamonds and . jewellery-encrusted watches were stored and tipped the valuables into a . briefcase before escaping through a set of French windows. Cannes is renowned for its jewellery thefts – many of which take place during its annual film festival in May. A Cannes Kronometry luxury watch store was also raided in July. French connection: Police investigate the raid on the Carlton, another high profile hotel targeted by thieves in a string of raids on the French Riviera . Police are exploring a possible link with the heists and the escape of a member of the notorious Pink Panther organised crime gang. Milan Poparic was released from a Swiss jail by accomplices brandishing AK-47 automatic rifles, making the third Pink Panther to have got out of prison in as many months. The gang are said to be able to ‘launder’ stolen jewels in eastern Europe after driving them overland from the places where they were stolen. Police and hotel staff in French hotels frequently complain that jewellery firms frequently place minimum security around their stock.
highlights: Thieves struck at the Hyatt Regency Palais de la Mediterranee hotel in Nice . The gang stole watches from a display case next to the hotel's boutique . It is the latest in a string of jewellery heists on the French Riviera . Police are linking the thefts to the notorious Pink Panther gang .
id: a8a10365f9be2ad92e9c7dcf3f5bc25c8812bba3
chatgpt: Thieves targeted the Hyatt Regency Palais de la Mediterranee in Nice this week, stealing luxury watches from a display case located next to the hotel's boutique. The brazen theft is the latest in a string of jewellery heists that have plagued the French Riviera over the past few years. According to authorities, the gang responsible for the robbery is believed to be linked to the notorious Pink Panther gang, a group of international jewel thieves known for their sophisticated heists around the world. The robbery at the Hyatt Regency Palais de la Mediterranee took place in broad daylight and was executed with precision. Reportedly, the thieves smashed the display case and made off with an estimated €100,000 in luxury watches before fleeing the scene on motorcycles. Police have launched an investigation into the theft, and authorities are currently reviewing CCTV footage and interviewing witnesses in an effort to identify the suspects. At this time, it is unclear whether any arrests have been made in connection with the crime. The theft at the Hyatt Regency Palais de la Mediterranee is just the latest in a series of high-profile jewellery heists that have taken place on the French Riviera in recent years. The area has long been a playground for the rich and famous, and the region is known for its luxurious hotels, high-end boutiques and exclusive restaurants. However, the rise in jewellery thefts has put a damper on the area's reputation for glamour and luxury. In 2013, a group of thieves made off with $136 million in jewels from the Carlton Intercontinental Hotel in Cannes, marking one of the largest heists in modern history. Meanwhile, in 2015, a group of robbers targeted a Chopard boutique in Cannes, making off with an estimated €1 million in jewellery. Authorities later apprehended a group of suspects, many of whom were associated with the Pink Panther gang. Despite the arrests, however, the thefts have continued, and authorities are now warning tourists to exercise caution when traveling to the French Riviera. While the area remains a dream destination for many, authorities are urging visitors to be aware of their surroundings and to take precautions to protect their valuables. Ultimately, the rise in jewellery thefts is a reminder that even the most glamorous and lavish destinations can be targets for criminals. As authorities continue to investigate the latest incident in Nice, it remains to be seen whether the Pink Panther gang will be brought to justice for their crimes. However, one thing is clear: tourists and residents alike must remain vigilant in order to protect themselves from these sophisticated criminals.