article: Romelu Lukaku is reluctant to sign a new contract at Chelsea and wants crunch talks with Jose Mourinho after the World Cup. The Belgium international has two years left on his current Blues deal, but the Stamford Bridge club are keen to safeguard his value by offering him a new deal this summer. However, Lukaku wants assurances over his first-team opportunities at Chelsea before considering extending his deal. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Romelu Lukaku's funny reaction to missed penalty . Planning for the future: Romelu Lukaku wants to talk with Jose Mourinho about his future . Despite his impact on loan at West Brom and Everton over the past two seasons, Lukaku fears Mourinho does not view him as a key member of his future plans. Lukaku knows his future will pose Chelsea a problem in the coming months, and is unwilling to relinquish his growing position of strength by penning fresh terms. With just two years left to run on his current deal, Lukaku knows Chelsea will have to cash in on him in the next two transfer windows before the prospect of losing the striker on a free transfer in 2016 becomes a real possibility. It's good to talk: Mourinho and Lukaku are planning on talking after the World Cup . Season to remember: Lukaku had an excellent season for Everton last season scoring 16 goals . Signing a new contract would eliminate any immediate rush for Chelsea to make a decision on Lukaku’s future. And the 21-year-old wants to meet with Mourinho to find out if signing a new deal would see him fully re-integrated in to the first-team set-up at Chelsea or simply be made available for loan again. As Sportsmail revealed earlier this week Lukaku is a target for Atletico Madrid as they look to replace Chelsea-bound Diego Costa. Part of the deal? Atletico Madrid are keen on Lukaku as part of the deal that could take Diego Costa to Chelsea . The prospect of including Lukaku in the deal for Costa has been explored, but third-party ownership issues in relation to the Spain international would provide a major obstacle in a deal structured that way. If Chelsea do decide to sell Lukaku this summer then they will want to recoup at least the £17million they paid for him three years ago. In addition to Atletico, there is interest from Tottenham while Everton manager Roberto Martinez is keen on signing Lukaku on a permanent basis following his successful loan spell.
highlights: Striker seeking assurances over his future at Stamford Bridge . Lukaku has spent the last two seasons on loan at West Brom and Everton . Belgian forward netted 16 goals for Merseyside club last season .
id: 821dfb329fd71d45ebce3c09d463c7188da6b725
chatgpt: Reports have emerged that Chelsea striker Romelu Lukaku is seeking assurances over his future at Stamford Bridge. The Belgian forward has spent the last two seasons on loan at West Brom and Everton, and netted an impressive 16 goals for the Merseyside club last season. Lukaku was signed by Chelsea from Anderlecht in 2011 for a fee in the region of £18 million, but has struggled for playing time at the London club. He spent the 2012/2013 season on loan at West Brom, scoring 17 goals in 35 appearances for the Baggies. He then moved to Everton on loan for the 2013/2014 season, where he continued his impressive form by scoring 16 goals in 33 appearances. The 21-year-old is now back at Chelsea for pre-season training, but is reportedly looking for assurances about his future with the club. Lukaku is keen to play regularly and wants to know whether he will be given a chance to stake his claim in the Chelsea team. It is thought that Lukaku's agent, Christophe Henrotay, has already held talks with Chelsea officials about his client's future. While Lukaku has shown that he has the potential to be a top striker in the Premier League, it remains to be seen whether he will be given the opportunity to prove himself at Chelsea. The Blues have a wealth of attacking options, with Diego Costa having recently been signed from Atletico Madrid for £32 million, and with the likes of Fernando Torres, Demba Ba and Andre Schurrle also vying for a place in the team. Lukaku is thought to be open to the possibility of another loan move if it means that he will be guaranteed regular playing time. He is keen to continue playing at the highest level and is determined to prove his worth as one of the most promising young forwards in European football. Whether or not Lukaku gets the assurances he is looking for remains to be seen, but one thing is for certain - he has the talent and potential to become a star in his own right. With the World Cup approaching, Lukaku will be hoping to impress both Belgium coach Marc Wilmots and Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho, and prove that he is ready for the next step in his career. In conclusion, Romelu Lukaku is seeking assurances over his future at Chelsea. The Belgian striker has spent the last two seasons on loan at West Brom and Everton, netting an impressive 16 goals for the latter. Lukaku is keen to play regularly and wants to know whether he will be given a chance to stake his claim in the Chelsea team. It remains to be seen whether he will be given the opportunity to prove himself at Stamford Bridge, but one thing is for sure - Lukaku has the talent and potential to become a star in his own right.