article: The world of football reacted with the same disbelief shared by the rest of the planet while watching Germany's 7-1 humiliation of hosts Brazil in the semi-finals of the World Cup. Brazil's dream of winning the tournament in their home country was effectively ended after the Germans scored five goals in the first 29minutes - the fastest time it has ever taken a team to reach that number in World Cup history - on a night when the record books were being rewritten practicallly every time Joachim Low's side touched the ball. The likes of Theo Walcott, Radamel Falcao and Daniel Sturridge took to social media as the Twittersphere seemed to collectively pinch itself to confirm the shock result was a reality. VIDEO Scroll down for German fans celebrate their 7-1 victory over hosts Brazil . Scare stare: Goalkeeper John Ruddy shared most people's eye-popping reaction . Pictures paint 149 characters: Tim Cahill and Romelu Lukaku share their *shocked faces* . Goal getter: Daniel Sturridge paid tribute to Miroslav Klose for becoming the World Cup's highest ever scorer . Tongue tied: Theo Walcott was lost for words to explain the drubbing . Upton spark: West Ham's Andy Carroll suggested he had a good day in training . WTF? Radamel Falcao and friends watch the game in disbelief . Scouse humour: Robbie Fowler implied that PSG's Brazilian contingent didn't have the best of nights . Playing for keeps: Despite all the goals, Ben Foster gave a nod to Manuel Neuer . Party pooper: Lee Dixon is unlikely to have a large night in Brazil this evening . Food for thought: Golfer Lee Westwood got in some last minute Suarez-baiting . Italian job: Former World Cup winner Fabio Cannavaro reverted to stereotype . Someone's happy! Andre Agassi let partner Steffi Graf get on with the celebrations . VIDEO Distraught Brazilians watch on from Rio . Fun at work: Things are looking rosy for former Chelsea defender Robert Huth . Old boss: Jurgen Klinsmann was proud of the team he helped evolve . Awkward! Rio Ferdinand points out that the pain is not over for Brazil . Game for a laugh: Youssouf Mulumbu couldn't help but see the funny side . Two sides: Anders Lindegaard tries to give a balanced view of things . Just saying: Hull midfielder Tom Huddlestone poses a question on everyone's lips . Rhyme on time: City star Edin Dzeko is a poet and he doesn't even know it . You don't say: Tottenham striker Roberto Soldado states the bleeding obvious .
highlights: Brazil's World Cup dream ended in humiliation as Germany hammered the hosts 7-1 . The match will go down as one of the most shocking in World Cup history . Daniel Sturridge, Theo Walcott, Radamel Falcao and more, took to Twitter to express their reactions .
id: 0f6cbd41d139ac9ac3844581ba70e30705f1c3f3
chatgpt: Brazil's hopes of winning a sixth World Cup on home soil were shattered on Tuesday night as Germany ruthlessly dismantled the hosts 7-1 in the semi-finals. The defeat will undoubtedly go down as one of the most humiliating in World Cup history, and one that will be etched in the memory of Brazilian fans for years to come. The match started poorly for Brazil as Germany took the lead after just 11 minutes through Thomas Muller. However, it was the second-half that proved to be catastrophic for the host nation, as Germany scored four goals within just six minutes. Brazil was left shell-shocked and unable to mount any sort of comeback, despite pulling one back through Oscar. The defeat sparked a flood of reactions on social media, as players from around the world took to Twitter to express their shock and disbelief. England's Daniel Sturridge tweeted "Wow, what did I just witness? That was unbelievable," while Arsenal's Theo Walcott simply said "7-1.. ouch!"  Radamel Falcao, the Colombian striker who was forced to miss the World Cup through injury, also weighed in, saying "A sad day for Brazilian football. I hope this helps all of us reflect on the things that truly matter. Congratulations Germany, great team."  The result was a stark reminder of the gulf in class between the two sides, as Germany displayed a level of skill, organization and discipline that Brazil simply could not match. It was a triumph for Germany's coach, Joachim Low, who had been criticized in the run-up to the tournament for his team selection and tactics. For Brazil, the result will lead to a period of soul-searching and introspection. Just four years after winning the Copa America and Confederations Cup, the team has now suffered two humiliating defeats in major international tournaments, following their 3-0 loss to the Netherlands in the 2014 World Cup third-place playoff. The defeat is also a huge blow to the Brazilian economy, as the country had invested billions of dollars in infrastructure, transportation systems and security in order to host the tournament. Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff expressed her disappointment, saying "Today was a tragic day for all Brazilians. We must learn from this experience and work together to ensure that we can still achieve our dreams and aspirations." As the dust settles on a shocking evening in Belo Horizonte, attention will turn to Sunday's final between Germany and Argentina. For Brazil, however, the pain of Tuesday's humiliation is unlikely to fade anytime soon.