article: Mexican authorities have issued an alert for local officials to be on the lookout for an amount of radioactive material stolen by a group of armed thieves on Sunday night. The Interior Department says a pickup truck carrying the iridium was stolen and later found. But the pen-point-sized radioactive material has not been recovered. It is enclosed in a casing about the size of a pen, used in an industrial inspection device. A device containing radioactive substances was stolen from a government research facility and authorities are working to track it down, Mexico's No. 2 official, Government Secretary Miguel Angel Osorio Chong (pictured), said on Friday . 'We have the report regarding the theft of this material and the alerts . and protocol we follow in these cases have already been implemented,' Government Secretary Miguel Angel Osorio Chong told reporters after . speaking at a conference of state law enforcement chiefs and attorneys . general. The operations chief for the National Nuclear Security Commission says the device, if opened, could cause harm. Mardonio Jimenez said the Iridium-192 has a relatively short half-life. It is the third theft of radioactive material in Mexico since December. The December theft of cobalt-60 used in radiation therapy was considered more serious. Armed robbers stole a truck transporting cobalt-60 from a hospital in the northwestern border city of Tijuana to a radioactive waste storage center. Mexican authorities located the truck and the radioactive material days later and arrested six people in connection with the heist. None the suspects suffered any effects of radiation exposure and officials found no trace of contamination at the site where the truck was recovered. Nuclear expert Mark Hibbs of the Carnegie Endowment think-tank said Iridium-192, a common medical and industrial isotope with many applications, 'in theory' could be used as a radiological weapon. But, 'the perpetrators would have to accumulate enough material to disperse it effectively which may be difficult since in many cases small amounts of Ir-192 are used in sources,' he told Reuters in an e-mail. 'Unlike cobalt-60, which remains a dangerous source of radiation for many years, Ir-192’s shorter half-life implies that perpetrators would have far less time to fashion it into a dispersion device,' Hibbs added.
highlights: Stolen from a government research facility in Mexico City . Third theft of radioactive material in Mexico since December . A group of armed men grabbed the device Sunday night .
id: 18c0154685c1584068c6ff778cdb7525ee8f6cfc
chatgpt: According to reports, a radioactive device was stolen from a government research facility in Mexico City on Sunday night. This marks the third theft of radioactive material in Mexico since December. The device, which was used to measure thickness and density, contained a highly radioactive substance called americium-241. The theft has raised concerns about the potential for the material to fall into the wrong hands and cause harm. The robbery reportedly took place when a group of armed men broke into the facility and grabbed the device. Authorities have not yet been able to locate the thieves, who are believed to be part of a criminal organization. The Mexican government has issued a statement condemning the theft and urging the public to be on the lookout for any suspicious activity. They have also assured citizens that the material is not dangerous as long as it is not tampered with. This latest theft highlights the ongoing problem of radioactive material being stolen in Mexico. In December 2018, a truck carrying a radioactive source was stolen in the state of Tabasco. The vehicle was later recovered, but the radioactive material was missing. In another incident in February 2019, a container of radioactive cobalt-60 was stolen from a truck in the state of Hidalgo. The container was eventually found, but the material had been removed. The theft of radioactive material is a serious concern, as it can be used for nefarious purposes such as making dirty bombs. The Mexican government has vowed to step up security measures to prevent future thefts. In addition, the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) has offered to assist Mexico in improving its nuclear security. The IAEA has a program in place to help countries prevent the theft of nuclear material and enhance their emergency response capabilities. The Mexican government has also been working to address the issue of radioactive material being sold on the black market. In 2017, a company was shut down for selling stolen radioactive material online. The theft of the radioactive device in Mexico City serves as a grim reminder of the potential danger posed by radioactive material falling into the wrong hands. Authorities are urging the public to be vigilant and report any suspicious activity, as they work to recover the stolen device and prevent future thefts.