article: WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Federal authorities are looking for a Delta Air Lines passenger who they say caused an uproar aboard a flight from Amsterdam to Detroit on Tuesday. According to a criminal complaint, Jared Layne Hansen faces charges of interfering with a flight crew, making false statements about having weapons and saying the plane was being hijacked, and assaulting federal air marshals. An arrest warrant was issued. Hansen, 31, from Salt Lake City, Utah, was sitting in seat 10B of the main cabin of Delta Flight 235. The trouble began, according to an affidavit filed by air marshal Dennis Scott, when Hansen tried to go into the front section of the cabin, which is restricted to business class passengers for security reasons. Hansen refused to obey instructions from the flight crew that he go back to his seat or to a bathroom in the rear cabin, the document alleges. "Mr. Hansen threatened to urinate in the aircraft galley and grabbed his penis and threatened to urinate all over himself," according to the criminal complaint. Crew members summoned air marshals on the flight, saying they needed help with a passenger who appeared "heavily intoxicated" and was not behaving as requested. The court document says one marshal found Hansen standing in the galley exposing his genitals. When the officer approached him, the complaint said, Hansen clinched his fists and started hitting himself in the face. The marshals identified themselves as police officers and Hansen shoved two of them, the affidavit states. The marshals handcuffed Hansen and put him in his assigned seat. Hansen allegedly made a variety of false statements during the remainder of the flight -- sometimes yelling them out -- such as "this is a hijacking." He allegedly claimed to have a handgun and a bomb. According to the complaint, he also said the air marshals aboard the plane were hijacking the plane and called them terrorists. Four marshals were on Flight 235. The statements frightened the passengers, the document states, adding Hansen allegedly threatened the air marshals by saying he would "track us down." Hansen was detained and questioned by law enforcement upon arrival Tuesday in Detroit, but he was not arrested. "We needed to do more investigation before we filed a criminal complaint," said Gina Balaya, a spokeswoman for the U.S. Attorney's Office in Detroit. Kim Thompson, an official with the Federal Air Marshal Service, said she could not discuss the case and referred all questions to Justice Department officials.
highlights: Complaint: Passenger didn't go back to his seat when asked . Among other things, he allegedly threatened to urinate in aircraft galley . Authorities are trying to locate Utah man .
id: 9f078a2ffb46ee00165b2005b51ef0475026ab24
chatgpt: Authorities are currently searching for a Utah man who allegedly caused a disruptive scene on a flight this week. According to reports, the man refused to return to his seat after being asked to do so by flight attendants, and even threatened to urinate in the aircraft galley. The incident occurred on a flight from New York to Salt Lake City, and it has been reported that the passenger was already being difficult with crew members prior to the incident. Eyewitnesses say that he was loud and belligerent, and had even been drinking heavily throughout the flight. When flight attendants asked the man to return to his seat, he refused and began to make threats towards them. Reports indicate that he even threatened to urinate in the galley if they didn't leave him alone. Fearing for the safety of the other passengers and crew members, the captain of the flight made the decision to divert to a nearby airport in order to have law enforcement officials remove the unruly passenger from the plane. Despite the efforts of the authorities on the ground, the man was not apprehended and is currently still at large. It is believed that he left the airport quickly after being removed from the plane, and it is not known where he is at this time. In response to the incident, the airline has released a statement condemning the actions of the passenger and apologizing to the other passengers for any inconvenience that they may have experienced. "We take incidents like this very seriously, and we will not tolerate any behavior that puts the safety of our passengers and crew at risk," the statement read. "We are working closely with local law enforcement officials to locate the individual in question, and we will continue to cooperate with any and all investigations related to this incident." While incidents like this are uncommon, they do occur from time to time on commercial flights. The FAA and other aviation authorities have recently increased their efforts to crack down on these types of disruptive behaviors, and have even proposed new regulations that could make it easier for airlines to ban unruly passengers from flying. In the meantime, authorities will continue their search for the Utah man, and the airline will work to ensure that all passengers on their flights are safe and secure.