article: (CNN)To scuba divers and tourists, Belize's famous "Blue Hole" underwater cave is a wonder, one of the "10 most amazing places on Earth," according to the Discovery Channel. To scientists, it's something more: evidence of the drought that is suspected to have led to the demise of the Mayan civilization. New research reinforces that theory, Rice University Earth scientist Andre Droxler told LiveScience. The team drilled cores from the Blue Hole sinkhole and a nearby lagoon. They found that the ratio of titanium to aluminum changed in the ninth and 10th centuries, a period when the Mayan civilization in the Yucatan Peninsula went into decline. More titanium means that heavier rains were affecting the region, since the runoff from the area's volcanic rock is rich in the element. But from about A.D. 800 to 1000, the ratio between the two elements was much smaller, indicating that there was much less rainfall. "When you have major droughts, you start to get famines and unrest," Droxler said. The Mayan civilization, noted for its advances in astronomy and agriculture (not to mention that calendar system that some believed prophesied world devastation on December 21, 2012), dominated the Yucatan in the first half of the first millennium A.D. But by 900, most of the civilization's cities, located in present-day Guatemala, El Salvador, Honduras and southern Mexico, had been abandoned. The question of why this happened has tantalized scientists and historians for decades. The drought theory isn't new, but the findings of Droxler and his colleagues buttress other studies. In 2012, samples from a 2,000-year-old stalagmite also showed that drought had afflicted the region in the latter half of the first millennium A.D. "The main finding was that a prolonged drought contributed to the collapse of Classic Mayan civilization," environmental archaeologist Douglas Kennett told LiveScience two years ago. Droxler and his colleagues published their findings in Scientific Reports.
highlights: Investigation of Belize's "Blue Hole" indicates drought did in Mayan civilization . Mayan civilization peaked in middle of first millennium; cities were abandoned by end of era . "When you have major droughts, you start to get famines and unrest," says researcher .
id: 49a8397f16d421a4c66d4f6e4b8471570cc8959e
chatgpt: The mysterious "Blue Hole" in Belize has been a baffling archaeological enigma for years. Recently, a new revelation has come to light that sheds some light on the fate of the ancient Mayan civilization. According to a group of international researchers, the Mayan civilization was brought to its knees by a massive drought that transformed the area into a barren wasteland. The Mayan civilization, which peaked during the middle of the first millennium, was home to a plethora of magnificent cities and flourishing settlements. However, by the end of their era, these once bustling cities were abandoned, and their people were nowhere to be found. The Blue Hole in Belize was one of the most crucial areas investigated by the researchers. Over the last few decades, this underwater sinkhole has served as an invaluable site for understanding the ecological history of the region. Using careful analyses of the sediment collected from the Blue Hole, the researchers were able to reconstruct the environmental conditions of the region over the last thousands of years. Their findings revealed that the Mayan civilization was hit with a massive drought that lasted for several years. This catastrophic event led to significant famines, widespread unrest, and ultimately the fall of these once-great cities. "The drought would have been a massive shock to the Mayan people, their crops would have failed, and their wells would have dried up," commented one of the researchers. "As a result, the people would have been forced to migrate to more fruitful areas or face certain death." The research team believes that this event, which took place over a thousand years ago, serves as an important reminder of the fragility of the environment and the importance of responsible resource management.  The discovery, which was published in the journal Scientific Reports, is considered a significant stepping stone in the understanding of the ecological history of the region and the fate of the Mayan civilization. It highlights the importance of paying attention to warning signs from nature and taking proactive steps to mitigate the impact of such events.