article: (CNN) -- Some 20 years after his beating at the hands of Los Angeles police, Rodney King was pulled over in Arcadia, California, this week after allegedly running a red light, his fiancee said Thursday night. Cynthia Kelly said she was riding with King on Tuesday when the traffic stop occurred. King was then was cited for driving without a license, she said. Kelly was a juror in King's civil trial against the city of Los Angeles in 1994, in which he was awarded $3.8 million. Amateur video captured King's beating after Los Angeles police officers stopped him for speeding March 3, 1991. Police beat King repeatedly, delivering 56 baton blows and six kicks -- causing skull fractures, and brain and kidney damage. King talks to CNN about the 1991 beating . Four officers were charged with assault with a deadly weapon and excessive use of force but were acquitted of state charges on April 29, 1992. The three days of rioting that followed in Los Angeles and other U.S. cities left 55 people dead and 2,000 injured. There were 12,000 arrests and about $1 billion in property damage in Los Angeles. Two of the officers, Sgt. Stacey Koon and officer Laurence Powell, were later convicted of federal civil rights violations. Since then, King has had a handful of run-ins with the law, including a guilty plea in 2004 to driving under the influence of a controlled substance and reckless driving. In a recent interview with CNN's Don Lemon, King said he forgave the officers involved in the 1991 beating. "I've been given a break many times in life, everybody's entitled to a break," King said. "I didn't die, you know what I mean?" CNN's Jeff Reid contributed to this report .
highlights: King is cited for driving without a license . Twenty years ago, King was beaten by police after he was stopped for speeding . Rioting followed after the four officers charged in the beating were acquitted . King has had a handful of run-ins with the law since then .
id: 91cdd11b6ad3abebeb4c2a108dc5103c7a86f906
chatgpt: Rodney King, whose 1991 beating by police officers in Los Angeles resulted in one of the country's most violent race riots, has been cited for driving without a license. This is one of several run-ins King has had with the law since the infamous incident that left him with permanent brain damage. The beating occurred after King was stopped for speeding, and he was left with permanent injuries. The four officers involved were charged with excessive use of force, but they were later acquitted. This resulted in riots in Los Angeles, with many people outraged by the verdict. Since that time, King has had a string of legal issues. He has been arrested numerous times for various offenses, including domestic violence, DUIs, and drug-related charges. This latest citation for driving without a license adds to his already lengthy list of legal troubles. After the 1991 incident, King became an activist for police reform. However, his activism was often overshadowed by his personal issues. In a 2011 interview with CNN, King stated that he still struggled with the physical and emotional scars caused by the beating 20 years earlier. King passed away in 2012, drowning in his swimming pool. His death was ruled accidental, but many believe that his past injuries and struggles with substance abuse contributed to his untimely passing. The legacy of Rodney King is a complicated one. He will always be remembered for the brutal beating he suffered at the hands of police officers, and the subsequent race riots that erupted in Los Angeles. However, his personal struggles and legal problems serve as a reminder that even those who fight for justice can succumb to the same issues that plague many in our society.