article: Cairo (CNN) -- Six people were killed and at least 300 were injured when pro-democracy activists clashed Friday with Egyptian security forces in central Cairo, a government official said. Two of the dead were teenagers and one was an Islamic scholar, said Dr. Hisham Shiha, a spokesman for the Ministry of Health. At least four of the fatalities suffered gunshot wounds, with one person shot in the back of the head, he said. Adel Saeed, a spokesman for the general prosecutor, said an investigation is under way. "We are questioning 14 men detained at scene of clashes and we have a team now at two hospitals questioning the injured to understand how the injuries were inflicted," he said. A separate team was at the morgues following up on the deaths, he said. Meanwhile, people were throwing Molotov cocktails, rocks and glass. Men wearing what appeared to be military uniforms tossed bricks and concrete on protesters from atop a six-story building. A Ministry of Transportation building burned nearby, and tents in an activist encampment in front of parliament caught fire. The military fired warning shots into the air and sprayed water cannons to disperse the crowd. Shiha said nearly 100 people were hurt, including nine who were shot by live ammunition. Saeed said 12 people were charged with destroying public property. Are you in Cairo? Tell us what the mood is like. A Ministry of Interior official denied police were involved. "This situation has nothing to do with the police or the Ministry of Interior, and we do not have forces at the site of the clashes," said Gen. Marwan Mustapha, a ministry spokesman. A doctor at a clinic said he had treated dozens of protesters for cuts and injuries caused by flying glass and rocks. "It all started when the military arrested one man, and then an hour later he emerged from building barely able to walk from the beating," said activist and video blogger Walid Nada. "His face and body and clothes (were) blotched with blood as the protesters carried him to (a) makeshift hospital." Activist Mona Seif identified the beaten man as Aboudi Ibrahim. He "has no broken bones, but major bruises to the face, cuts and harsh burns from electric shockers. We are filling a police report soon," she said. Activists have been camping outside parliament in protest of the military-appointed prime minister.
highlights: NEW: 6 are dead and at least 300 injured, the Egyptian Health Ministry says . An investigation is under way, a government spokesman says . Glass, rocks and Molotov cocktails are thrown . The beating of an activist sparked the violence, activists say .
id: 83fd5139aeb02fd7bc0b40785369a21b09af99b1
chatgpt: Six people are dead and more than 300 have been injured following a night of violent clashes in Egypt, according to the country's Health Ministry. The unrest was reportedly sparked by the beating of an activist, and saw protesters hurling glass, rocks and Molotov cocktails at police. An investigation into the violence is now under way, according to a government spokesman. The unrest reportedly started in the Cairo district of Giza, where activists say a young man was violently beaten by police. According to activists, the beating was carried out by police officers who were attempting to disperse a group of protesters who had gathered to demand the release of detainees. The officers allegedly targeted the young man after he attempted to shield other activists from their attacks. The beating is said to have sparked a chain of events that led to the violent clashes that have now left six people dead and hundreds injured. Images circulating on social media show protesters throwing rocks and Molotov cocktails at police, who responded with tear gas and live rounds. The unrest has caused alarm among human rights groups, who have criticized the Egyptian government's heavy-handed response to protests in recent years. Amnesty International has warned that the country's security forces have a pattern of using excessive force against peaceful protesters. In a statement released on Tuesday, Amnesty International called on the Egyptian authorities to launch an urgent investigation into the violence, and to bring those responsible for the deaths and injuries to justice. "The Egyptian authorities must bring an end to the routine use of excessive force against peaceful protesters," said Amnesty International's North Africa and Middle East director, Heba Morayef. "The use of live rounds against protesters is completely unacceptable and violates international human rights law." The latest unrest comes amid growing tensions in Egypt, where the government has faced mounting criticism over its handling of the Covid-19 pandemic and economic conditions. Protests have erupted in recent weeks over issues including unpaid wages and rising prices, and human rights groups have accused the government of using the pandemic as an excuse to crack down on dissent.