article: Sam Allardyce is sweating on the fitness of star striker Diafra Sakho after he came off injured during West Ham’s shock win against Manchester City. Sakho scored his seventh goal in seven consecutive games and has become such an instant hero at Upton Park that West Ham are ready to offer him an improved contract. He was substituted to a standing ovation in the last minute and Allardyce later revealed he was struggling with a damaged shoulder. VIDEOS Scroll down to watch . Goalscorer Diafra Sakho gives  fans the thumbs up but later had to be substituted with a shoulder injury . Sakho celebrates scoring West Ham's second goal in the 2-1 win against Man City with Cheikhou Kouyate . West Ham manager Sam Allardyce admits it is a worry that his leading goalscorer was forced off the field . ‘For me, my big worry is that my leading goalscorer came off with a shoulder problem,’ said Allardyce. ‘I just sincerely hope that damage is not severe and that he can carry on because when you have someone who scores six in six [in the league] you can ill afford to lose him and if we lose him that will be a big blow. Sakho has been sensational since his £3.5million switch from Metz in the summer, and even though he agreed a four-year, £20,000-a-week deal when he joined, co-owner David Sullivan wants to reward his form with a revised contract. Allardyce was angered, however, when Sergio Aguero escaped a booking for a stamp on Mark Noble. Man City striker Sergio Aguero was lucky to stay on the pitch after this over the top challenge on Mark Noble . Aguero speaks to referee Martin Atkinson as the City striker had a frustrating afternoon at Upton Park . He said: ‘(Noble) was complaining bitterly about it. If you have a look at it you can make your own mind up. For me it’s a very dangerous tackle.’ City boss Manuel Pellegrini claimed his side had chances to win but paid the price for not matching West Ham in the first half. He said: ‘In the first half we did not play with enough intensity, I thought they would be more tired in the second half and we would be able to move the ball easier, which we did, but in the end we couldn’t take our chances.’
highlights: Diafra Sakho had to be substituted during West Ham's win over Man City with shoulder injury . Striker has become an instant hero at Upton Park after impressive start . West Ham are ready to offer the frontman an improved contract .
id: b1d6892e2fd308ba176b1bc1eed5ac27e9330334
chatgpt: West Ham's striker Diafra Sakho had to be substituted during the match against Manchester City on Saturday with a shoulder injury. Despite this setback, the Senegal international has already become an instant hero at Upton Park after a string of impressive performances for the Hammers. Sakho has been in excellent form since he arrived at West Ham this summer. He has scored six goals in seven league appearances, which has put the Hammers in fourth place in the Premier League table. After his impressive start, West Ham are ready to offer Sakho an improved contract to keep him at the club. The 24-year-old's current contract expires in 2018, but West Ham is keen to tie him down to a longer-term deal as soon as possible. West Ham manager Sam Allardyce has been impressed with Sakho's performances and praised him after the win over Man City. "Diafra has been fantastic for us since he arrived. He has scored some vital goals for us and his work rate is exceptional," said Allardyce. Sakho's injury is a blow for West Ham, who are already without first-choice striker Andy Carroll. The Hammers have relied heavily on Sakho's goals this season, and his absence could harm their chances of maintaining their promising start to the campaign. Despite this setback, West Ham are optimistic about Sakho's return to the side. The striker is currently undergoing tests to determine the extent of his injury, but the club hopes that he will be fit to play again soon. Sakho's injury also highlights the importance of having a strong squad. Allardyce has made several key signings this season, which has allowed him to rotate his team and keep players fresh. West Ham will need this depth in their squad if they are to maintain their position as one of the surprise packages of the season. West Ham's next match is against bottom-of-the-table Burnley, and Allardyce will be hoping that his team can maintain their impressive form. Sakho's injury will be a worry, but there is no doubt that West Ham have the quality to overcome this setback. In conclusion, Sakho's injury is a setback for West Ham, but they are determined to keep the striker at the club and build on their strong start to the season. With a solid squad and an impressive manager, the Hammers are confident that they can continue to exceed expectations in the Premier League.