article: A Conservative MP was filmed being wrestled to the ground and pinned down – all in the name of research. Backbencher Steve Baker posted videos online of himself attempting to wrestle a self-defence expert, but twice ended up with his face in the mud. Mr Baker joked that it ‘seemed like a good idea’ at the time to accept an invitation to attend a self-defence class on his day off. Conservative MP for Wycombe, Steve Baker, takes on an instructor at Combat Academy . The Tory MP for Wycombe told MailOnline that the experience had been worth it – because it had given him an insight into how teenagers who had gone off the rails could turn their lives around. He said: ‘The guy in the video, Reece Coker, came to see me and told me that when people need purpose in their lives, training in self-defence can really give them self-esteem, so, I decided to go along.’ Mr Baker said he had learnt how to fend off attacks – including how not to ‘get punched in the face’. But he said: ‘Self-defence can also help young people channel themselves to give them self-esteem – to use their aggression to do some good. ‘We know that in this country we’ve got all sorts of issues – gang violence for example. ‘I think it’s worth having a look at how something like this can change lives. Mr Baker joked that it ‘seemed like a good idea’ at the time to accept an invitation to attend a self-defence class on his day off . Mr Baker said he had learnt how to fend off attacks – including how not to ‘get punched in the face . One quick throw: Mr Baker flies through the air as he attempts to take on the combat instructor . Result: Chief Instructor Reece Coker pins the Tory MP to the ground . ‘There are lots of young boys who are not going to go to boy scouts – you can’t just offer them knitting classes.’ Mr Baker’s self-defence training, put on by a firm called Combat Academy, was designed to work ‘in the harsh reality of an actual attack or assault’. Despite being hauled to the ground within second, Mr Baker is not unaccustomed to military-style training as a former Royal Air Force engineer. On his website he says he ‘currently focusses’ on ‘skydiving, advanced driving and motorcycling’ for fun outside work. I have also enjoyed fast catamaran sailing, crewing a tall ship, piloting a light aircraft, SCUBA diving, hill walking, driving a rescue RHIB, skiing and golf. I would like everyone to have these kinds of choices and the means to see them through. Occasionally, I take a worthwhile photograph. The Combat Academy describe themselves as ‘the UK’s number one self defence training partner’. Its website says it was ‘created to provide truly effective self defence training and martial arts training for members of the public’ and cater for all levels of fitness and ability.
highlights: Steve Baker posted clips of himself online grappling a self-defence expert . The backbench MP joked that it 'seemed like a good idea' at the time . He told MailOnlne self-defence classes could help turn lives around . MP said classes 'help people channel themselves and give self-esteem'
id: b8a9877442973a031685fb4e7a543cf46fc2990a
chatgpt: A video of Steve Baker, a UK Member of Parliament (MP), grappling a self-defence expert has surfaced online. The backbench MP reportedly posted the clips himself, joking that it had seemed like a good idea at the time. When questioned about why he had posted the videos, Baker explained that he wanted to encourage people to take up self-defence classes, which he claims can help turn people's lives around. Baker, who represents the constituency of Wycombe, has been dubbed the "self-defence MP" for his interest in the topic. In an interview with MailOnline, he explained that he has been taking self-defence classes for a number of years and that he believes they offer a range of benefits, from improving fitness to boosting confidence and self-esteem. "I think self-defence classes can be transformative for people," Baker said. "They help people channel themselves and give them self-esteem. When you feel confident and in control of your own body, it can really change the way you approach life." Baker's interest in self-defence was reportedly sparked by a personal experience. In 2011, he was attacked by two men in London and was left with a broken nose and a concussion. Since then, he has been taking self-defence classes and has become an advocate for the benefits of such training. "I really believe that self-defence classes can help people in all kinds of ways," Baker said. "They can help people deal with stress, they can help people feel more confident in their own abilities, and they can even help people develop a more positive attitude towards life." Baker's interest in self-defence has also led him to campaign for changes in the law. In 2019, he introduced a Private Member's Bill to Parliament which sought to clarify the law around self-defence. The bill, which did not progress beyond its first reading, aimed to ensure that people who acted in self-defence were not prosecuted for doing so. While Baker's interest in self-defence has attracted attention, some have questioned whether an MP should be posting videos of himself grappling with an expert online. Others have suggested that Baker's enthusiasm for the topic might be misplaced. "Self-defence classes can be useful, but they're not the answer to everything," said Professor David Canter, a criminologist at the University of Huddersfield. "They can help people feel more confident and give them some useful techniques to deal with dangerous situations, but they're not going to solve all the problems in the world." Despite the criticism, Baker remains committed to promoting the benefits of self-defence classes. He has called on the government to do more to support such training and has urged people to consider taking up classes themselves. "We live in a dangerous world, and I think it's important for people to be able to defend themselves if they need to," Baker said. "Self-defence classes can be a great way to build confidence, stay fit and learn some useful skills. I'd encourage everyone to give them a try."