article: (CNN) -- He'd said his daddy always told him that a fool never changes his mind. And Elwin Wilson didn't want to be a fool. Wilson, a former Ku Klux Klan member who apologized for his racist past and specifically for beating a black man who went on to become a U.S. congressman, has died. He was 76. Wilson came to national attention when he publicly apologized to Georgia Rep. John Lewis. He and his friends attacked Lewis at a bus station in South Carolina some 50 years ago. "My daddy always told me that a fool never changes his mind, and a smart man changes his mind. And that's what I've done, and I'm not ashamed of it," Wilson told CNN's Don Lemon in 2009. "I feel like I'm apologizing to the world right now." Lewis, who appeared on the same show, said he forgave Wilson. "It is very much in keeping with the philosophy and the discipline of nonviolence, to have the ability, the capacity, to say I'm sorry, forgive me, and the person that received the attack will say you're forgiven. Because hate is too heavy a burden to bear," Lewis told Lemon. He said that Wilson was the first and only person who had attacked him and apologized for it. "Maybe Mr. Wilson will inspire others to come forth," Lewis said. Wilson died Thursday at Piedmont Medical Center in Rock Hill, South Carolina. He was a native of Gaston County, North Carolina, and a veteran of the U.S. Air Force, according to an obituary on a funeral home website. Wilson loved to collect antiques, especially clocks. He is survived by his wife, a son, two grandchildren and a great-grandchild. The cause of his death was not immediately clear. "He was a good man," said Christopher Hope Wilson Sr., Wilson's son. Funeral services are scheduled for Monday. CNN's Chandler Friedman contributed to this report.
highlights: Elwin Wilson apologized for beating Rep. John Lewis at a bus station some 50 years ago . He died Thursday at a hospital in South Carolina . Wilson is survived by his wife, a son, two grandchildren and a great-grandchild .
id: 553e544af84e46ee00efa7e275467811ad856b49
chatgpt: Elwin Wilson, who notoriously beat Rep. John Lewis at a bus station some 50 years ago, has died at the age of 76. Wilson had long since apologized for his actions, and the apology was publicly accepted by Lewis. Wilson's act of violence against Lewis was an embodiment of the racial violence that plagued the South during the civil rights era. As a young man, Wilson was a member of the Ku Klux Klan, and he committed numerous acts of violence and intimidation against black Americans. But in later years, Wilson changed his ways. After he was exposed as a former Klansman by a newspaper in 2009, he reached out to the Southern Poverty Law Center to apologize for his past. He also traveled to Washington, D.C. to personally apologize to John Lewis, who had by then become a respected representative in Congress. Lewis readily accepted Wilson's apology, and the two even shook hands during their meeting. For Lewis, the act of forgiveness was a testament to the power of reconciliation and the possibility of redemption. Wilson's death provides an opportunity to reflect on the progress that has been made in the decades since the civil rights era. While America remains a deeply divided country, the fact that a former Klansman could apologize for his past and be forgiven by one of his victims is a testament to the power of human connection and the capacity for change. Wilson is survived by his wife, a son, two grandchildren, and a great-grandchild. While his legacy will forever be marred by his past actions, his journey shows that even the most ardent bigot can find redemption and meaning in life. As John Lewis himself said, "We are one people, one family, the human family. And we will walk together, hand in hand, on this journey of reconciliation."