article: (CNN) -- Going into the eighth season finale of "American Idol," Adam Lambert looks like the favorite against competitor Kris Allen. But should Lambert even be on the show, since he has performed professionally in the national Broadway tour of "Wicked"? Former 'American Idol' runner-up Diana DeGarmo says it's getting harder for the average person to get on the show. Diana DeGarmo, runner-up in the third season of "American Idol," spoke with HLN's Mike Galanos on Prime News about whether or not an amateur stands a chance on the show. The following interview has been edited for brevity and clarity: . Mike Galanos: What were the stipulations as to your past history before you joined "American Idol"? How much could you do before they'd say, "You aren't an amateur anymore. You're more of a professional"? Diana DeGarmo: Each contract for each show has gotten a little stronger and a little stronger. Prior to me doing "American Idol," I had done things like theater, but at that point nowhere near on a professional level. The cool thing is they keep it fair by having little things in the contract about how you can't release a record nationally with a record label -- things like that. But people who have been signed prior can, of course, be on the show. Galanos: Do you think the "rags-to-riches" story is lost and we are going to get more and more people who have more and more experience? DeGarmo: I think people now realize that "American Idol" is such a launching spot for anyone's career. People that maybe would have not done it a few years ago, saying, "Oh, I'm too professional," maybe take a little bit of a second glance at the show because they realize it's such a launching pad. But I do think it's a little harder for the everyday Joe to get in it. Galanos: Do you think Adam has an unfair advantage since he was an understudy for the Broadway tour of "Wicked"? DeGarmo: Not really, because it's all about performing. So it's just about what you are doing at that exact moment up there on the "American Idol" stage. I think Kris and Adam are just two totally different performers, but I think they are pretty even when it comes down to the end of the day.
highlights: DeGarmo: It's harder for the "everyday Joe" to get on "American Idol" It's more about what you're doing on the 'Idol' stage, she says . Kris Allen and Adam Lambert compete in the season finale .
id: 4587efea4480d932e92e459ffd6cad22df80a8b8
chatgpt: The popular singing competition "American Idol" has been a launching pad for some of the music industry's biggest stars over the years. However, according to show alumni Diana DeGarmo, it's become increasingly difficult for the "everyday Joe" to get on the program. DeGarmo, who finished as the runner-up on the show's third season back in 2004, recently spoke to reporters about the challenges of making it onto the "American Idol" stage. According to her, it's no longer just about having a good voice or a compelling backstory - contestants need to bring something more to the table. "It's not just about being a great singer or having this amazing story that the producers want to showcase," DeGarmo said. "You have to have something that will stand out on that 'Idol' stage." DeGarmo's comments come on the heels of the season finale of "American Idol's" 8th season, which saw contestants Kris Allen and Adam Lambert competing for the title. Both singers had already made names for themselves within the music industry, with Lambert having toured with the iconic rock band Queen and Allen releasing successful albums and earning a Grammy nomination. It's a far cry from the early days of "American Idol," which often saw unknown singers with little experience rising to fame thanks to the show's popularity. However, DeGarmo believes that the success stories of previous seasons have raised the bar for future contestants. "After Kelly Clarkson and Carrie Underwood and all of these huge names that have come from the show, of course the bar gets set higher and higher," DeGarmo said. "It's a good thing for the show in a lot of ways, but it does make it more difficult for someone who's just starting out to make it on that big stage." Despite the challenges, DeGarmo believes that "American Idol" remains an important platform for aspiring singers. She noted that the show's ability to introduce audiences to new talent has only increased in the age of social media, where viral clips from the show can quickly turn into full-blown careers. "The show has definitely changed over the years, but it still has that same magic that can launch a career," DeGarmo said. "It's just a little harder now for the everyman to get in the door."