article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 18:53 EST, 15 February 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 12:25 EST, 16 February 2014 . Peace talks aimed at stopping Syria’s brutal civil war ended in deadlock yesterday. Foreign Secretary William Hague blamed the impasse on the regime of president Bashar al-Assad. ‘The failure to agree an agenda for future rounds of talks on the Geneva process is a serious setback in the search for peace in Syria, and the responsibility for it lies squarely with the Assad regime,’ he said. Fighting: Security officials are closely monitoring 250 British-based jihadis linked to the Syria. Above, rebel fighters fire a rocket-propelled grenade at an army checkpoint in the Ain Tarma neighborhood of Damascus . ‘This cannot be the end of the road. With the war in Syria causing more death and destruction every day, we owe it to the people of Syria to do all we can to make progress towards a political solution.’ More than 140,000 people, 7,000 of them children, have been killed in the conflict, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said yesterday. The pro-opposition group, based in Britain, said the period since UN peace talks began in Geneva last month had been the bloodiest of the nearly three-year conflict. Conflict: Around 400 extremists are believed to have travelled to Syria. Above, a rebel clutches his head . Foreign Secretary William Hague who has said that Britain has not ruled out any option to save lives in Syria . The head of the International Committee of the Red Cross said it cannot reach up to three million people. It accused both sides of failing to honour ‘basic principles of international humanitarian law’. And the UN has stopped evacuating people from the besieged city of Homs under a ceasefire because it has been unable to determine the fate of men and teenage boys who were immediately detained by the regime.
highlights: Foreign Secretary William Hague blames failure on President Assad's regime . Red Cross accursed both sides of failing to honour humanitarian laws . More than 140,000 people have been killed in the conflict: 7,000 were children . 'We owe it to the people of Syria to do all we can to make progress'
id: 9ab94e91056eab0ded74d0a1725dcb39a8d28c32
chatgpt: Foreign Secretary William Hague has condemned the regime of President Assad for the failure to uphold humanitarian laws in Syria. The Red Cross has also accused both sides of the conflict of failing to honor these laws. In a conflict that has seen more than 140,000 people killed, including 7,000 children, the international community is being urged to take action. "We owe it to the people of Syria to do all we can to make progress in this crisis," Hague stated in a press conference. "President Assad's regime must take responsibility for their actions and the horrific toll they have taken on innocent civilians." The Red Cross has reported numerous violations of humanitarian law, including the targeting of civilians, medical personnel and facilities, and the use of chemical weapons. Both opposition fighters and regime forces have been accused of committing these violations. Meanwhile, aid organizations are struggling to provide assistance to the millions of Syrians affected by the conflict. The Red Cross has called for an immediate cessation of hostilities to allow for the safe delivery of aid. The international community has been criticized for its slow response to the Syrian crisis. The United Nations Security Council has been deadlocked on measures to address the conflict, with Russia and China vetoing resolutions that would have imposed sanctions on the Assad regime. Hague has called on the UN to take action and urged Russia and China to reconsider their positions. "We cannot stand by and watch as more innocent lives are lost in this conflict," he stated. "The time for action is now." The situation in Syria has been described as one of the worst humanitarian crises of our time. The international community must work together to address the root causes of the conflict and provide assistance to those affected by the violence.