article: (CNN) -- If there was ever a reunion for teen soap "The O.C.," which is celebrating its 10th anniversary this week, former star Adam Brody would want it to be in the theater. (Like there wasn't enough drama.) The 33-year-old actor starred in the series as the lovably sarcastic Seth Cohen, and he told CNN that he can envision "The O.C." as a stage production. "I'll do 'The O.C. Reunion: The Play,' " he said. "I'd like to do it on stage ... I think that's where it should live." And if the public demanded a musical, Brody would comply. "I can't sing really, but I'll do my best," he joked. "I'll take the very low notes." Since "The O.C." ended in 2007, Brody has lined up a number of movie projects, including Friday's release, "Lovelace." The film, directed by Rob Epstein and Jeffrey Friedman, tells the story of adult actress Linda Lovelace. Brody plays Lovelace's "Deep Throat" co-star, Harry Reems. Aside from seeing "Deep Throat," Brody said he prepared by watching "'The Devil in Miss Jones,' the next porn with Harry Reems, and I read his biography from the '70s -- very lighthearted, before he sort of fell on hard times and resurrected himself." But when it came to Reems' unmistakable porn 'stache, the actor says he failed to live up to the task. "To be perfectly honest, I didn't have the follicles nor the time to grow what I really needed to grow," he said. "Harry Reems is the first male porno star. This is the quintessential porno 'stache. This is the ground zero for a porn 'stache, this is where it all began, so yeah, it is a lot to live up to. Unfortunately, I got the part a little bit on short notice; I would have liked a little more time." CNN's Topher Gauk-Roger contributed to this report.
highlights: "The O.C." star Adam Brody is up for a reunion . If it were to happen, he'd want it to be on stage . This weekend he's starring in the Linda Lovelace biopic "Lovelace" Brody says he didn't have enough time to grow his character's porn 'stache .
id: efa0df8021e27622664934eecf1668d2b9d25af8
chatgpt: "The O.C." fans, get excited because Adam Brody is up for a reunion! In a recent interview, Brody expressed his interest in a reunion, but with a twist - he wants it to happen on stage. Imagine seeing Seth, Ryan, and the gang back together in a live performance!  Brody is no stranger to the stage, having made his Broadway debut in 2016's "Significant Other." He said that a reunion on stage would be a "fun" and "different" way to bring back the beloved characters. Of course, the logistics of getting the entire cast together may be a challenge, but we can dream, can't we? In the meantime, Brody has been busy starring in the Linda Lovelace biopic "Lovelace" alongside Amanda Seyfried. However, he did face a bit of a challenge in preparing for his role. Brody's character, Harry Reems, had a distinct look with a porn 'stache, but the actor said he didn't have enough time to grow his own. Instead, he relied on a fake mustache to complete his transformation. Brody's career has continued to flourish since his breakout role in "The O.C." He has starred in films such as "Mr. and Mrs. Smith," "Jennifer's Body," and "Ready or Not." He also had a recurring role on the hit show "The League." As for a reunion on stage, it may just be a pipe dream for fans of "The O.C." But with Brody's enthusiasm for the idea, maybe it's not too far-fetched. In the meantime, be sure to catch him in "Lovelace" and keep your fingers crossed for a possible reunion in the future.