article: Played: 11 . Man United: 7 . Arsenal: 1 . Draws: 3 . Arsenal versus Manchester United has always been one of the stand-out fixtures in Premier League history – but the Gunners have only won one of the last 11 matches between the clubs. Louis van Gaal will take his injury hit side to the Emirates on Saturday afternoon knowing that his team have recent history on their side. Despite struggling last season, United beat Arsenal 1-0 at Old Trafford and then played out a goalless draw in north London. Aaron Ramsey scored the only goal of the game the last time Arsenal beat Manchester United in 2011 . Arsenal beat Manchester United 1-0 in 2011 - their only win in the last 11 games against United . Danny Welbeck - who is now at Arsenal - scored the last time Manchester United won at the Emirates in 2012 . Former Arsenal striker Robin van Persie scored the winner for United at Old Trafford last season . While in Sir Alex Ferguson’s final season at Old Trafford, Robin van Persie and Patrice Evra scored in a 2-1 win at home while Van Persie also found the net on his return to the Emirates later that season to cancel out a Theo Walcott goal in a 1-1 draw. Arsenal’s last win in the Premier League came back in May 2011 when Aaron Ramsey scored in a 1-0 home win. Of the Arsenal team that day, five are still at the club, including goalkeeper Wojciech Szczesny, Laurent Koscielny, Walcott, Ramsey and Jack Wilshere. But if Wenger is looking for some comfort then he need look no further than United’s away record, they are yet to win on the road this season and have not picked up three points on their travels since April 5 when they beat Newcastle 4-0. In seasons gone by Arsenal vs Manchester United was a game that would often decide the title, but this year’s contest looks more likely to be the battle for fourth and the final Champions League place. But more immediately, the Gunners will be hoping to end their poor run against United.
highlights: Aaron Ramsey scored winner the last time Arsenal beat Man United in 2011 . Manchester United have won seven of the last 11 meetings . Danny Welbeck scored the winner for United the last time they won at the Emirates .
id: 1db37a03a5efd32676c3ba4394532b741e4dae93
chatgpt: It has been almost a decade since Arsenal last secured a victory over their longtime rivals, Manchester United. That triumph came in 2011, with Welsh midfielder Aaron Ramsey providing the crucial goal in a 2-1 win at the Emirates Stadium. Since then, the Red Devils have dominated this fixture, claiming seven victories over the Gunners in eleven meetings between the two sides. With Arsenal now sitting in mid-table and United challenging for the Premier League title once again, the matchup between these two historic clubs takes on added significance. Fans of the North London club will be desperate to see their team break their losing streak against United. One player who will likely feature prominently in the minds of both sets of supporters is former United striker Danny Welbeck. He secured his own place in Arsenal-MUFC folklore by scoring the winner in their last duel at the Emirates, back in 2019. Welbeck has since joined another Premier League team, Brighton and Hove Albion, but his impact on this rivalry was significant. For Arsenal, the challenge will be to come up with a game plan that can neutralize the likes of Bruno Fernandes, Marcus Rashford, and Paul Pogba. These are players who have demonstrated their ability to unlock even the stingiest defenses over the past few seasons. Gunners manager Mikel Arteta will hope his team's new-found defensive solidity can hold them off. Meanwhile, United's recent form suggests that they are capable of winning against anyone in the league right now. Manager Ole Gunnar Solskjaer will be looking to build on recent victories over Southampton and Everton, and secure another vital three points to keep pace with league leaders Manchester City. The stage is set, then, for another classic encounter between two teams who have been at the center of some of the biggest moments in Premier League history. Whether Arsenal can overcome their recent struggles against United remains to be seen, but the prospect of a hard-fought contest seems almost guaranteed.