article: Oscar Pistorius' sister has denied claims the convicted killer celebrated his birthday behind bars with a cake, balloons and gifts. Pistorius' siblings, Aimee and Carl, visited him at Pretoria's Kgosi Mampuru prison on Saturday to help him celebrate his 28th birthday and have been accused of breaking jail rules by bringing him a cake and presents. In a series of tweets Aimee Pistorius has denied the 'false and irresponsible' reports that her brother had received preferential treatment on his birthday. Scroll down for video . Oscar Pistorius' sister, Aimee, seen with him above, has denied claims the convicted killer celebrated his 28th birthday behind bars with a cake, balloons and gifts that she had bought into the correctional facility . Ms Pistorius said she was 'dumbfounded' be media reports that suggested her brother had received preferential treatment during her visit to him on Saturday to celebrate his 28th birthday . Ms Pistorius said her convicted killer brother had received 'nothing that was not allowed' under prison rules . She said she was 'dumbfounded' by stories in local newspapers, and said she and her brother had had a 45-minute non-contact visit with Pistorius. During which time, she tweeted, 'my brother receiving nothing that was not allowed be prison regulations'. She said no cake or perishables were present during the meeting. She tweeted: 'In fact, he only received toiletries and letters on his birthday and we took some balloons to show him through the glass divider.' Ms Pistorius said her family had been 'respectful' of prison regulations and that correctional officers had been 'courteous but stern' when dealing with them. Pistorius is one month into a five-year prison sentence for shooting dead his 29-year-old model girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp at their Pretoria home on Valentine's Day last year. Ms Pistorius said her and her brother Carl had a 45-minute non-contact visit with Pistorius . Pistorius was convicted of culpable homicide and two firearms charges in relation to the death of his partner Reeva Steenkamp, pictured, at their Pretoria home on Valentine's Day last year . He was found guilty of culpable homicide and two firearms charges. Judge Thokozile Masipa cleared the athlete, known as the Blade Runner, of murder after the prosecution was unable to prove he intended to kill Ms Steenkamp. Throughout trial at the High Court in Pretoria, prosecutor Gerrie Nel vigorously argued that Pistorius had intended to kill his girlfriend. South Africa's Department of Correctional Services said it would investigate the claims Pistorius had received preferential treatment and the information given to the media, the International Business Times reported.
highlights: Aimee Pistorius denies her brother received preferential treatment . And said he received 'nothing' on his birthday prison bosses didn't allow . Pistorius was shown balloons behind a glass divider and given toiletries .
id: d6574c74c30440470e1dfc8748bd18fbc71dd825
chatgpt: Aimee Pistorius, the sister of South African athlete Oscar Pistorius, has denied that her brother received preferential treatment on his birthday during his prison sentence, claiming he was given "nothing." Despite photographs circulating on social media that showed Oscar Pistorius with balloons in his cell and others that showed him receiving toiletries, Aimee insists that these were not gifts from the correctional facility. On October 22nd, Oscar Pistorius celebrated his 31st birthday in the Atteridgeville Correctional Centre, where he is serving a six-year sentence for murder. A source from the prison staff reported that he was given gifts, such as balloons and toiletries, on this special day. However, Aimee has emphatically stated her brother received no such special treatment. According to Aimee, who is regularly in contact with her brother while he is in prison, she has inquired with prison officials about the photographs, and they confirmed that Oscar received nothing. Aimee alleged that the balloons were brought in by individuals visiting other prisoners and that the toiletries were part of the regular supplies given to inmates every day. "The balloons were not for Oscar," she said in a recent interview. "They were for other prisoners, and they just took a photo with my brother as he walked by. Prisoners are not allowed to accept gifts from visitors, let alone balloons." She went on to say that the toiletries are part of the standard issue to all prisoners every week. "They are not given as a special birthday gift," she said. The claims of preferential treatment have frustrated Aimee, who believes her brother is a victim of constant unfair scrutiny. "My brother has been living under a microscope for years, and still, people want to find anything to criticize him," she stated. "He's in prison for a terrible crime, and he's paying for it. He doesn't deserve any more punishment. He's been treated like any other prisoner, nothing more, nothing less." Aimee added that she is confident that the South African justice system is handling her brother's case correctly and that he is genuinely remorseful for his actions, which led to the death of his girlfriend, Reeva Steenkamp, on February 14, 2013. Oscar Pistorius became famous after competing in several Paralympic events and was dubbed the "Blade Runner" for his carbon-fiber prosthetic legs. However, his life took a tragic turn when, in the early hours of Valentine's Day 2013, he shot and killed Steenkamp, who was in the bathroom of his home in Pretoria. After a long trial, Pistorius was found guilty of murder and sentenced to six years in prison. He has been eligible for parole since early 2020 but has not yet been released. His family continues to support him and believe in his eventual rehabilitation.