article: (CNN) -- The two Amish girls kidnapped last week in upstate New York were sexually abused while in captivity, St. Lawrence County District Attorney Mary Rain said. Police on Friday arrested a couple and charged them with kidnapping in the abduction of the girls last week, authorities said. Stephen M. Howells II, 39, and his girlfriend Nicole F. Vaisey, 25, are being held without bond, the St. Lawrence County Sheriff's Office said. Federal charges are also a possibility. Rain said that evidence found in the couple's house, in addition to interviews with the couple and the victims, shows that the kidnapping was premeditated and that the couple had planned for more. "There is no doubt in my mind that if they were successful, they were going to continue with future acts," Rain told CNN. The District Attorney's Office is also looking into whether the couple had sexually abused others, Rain said. On Wednesday of last week, an Amber Alert was issued after a 6-year-old and her 12-year-old sister disappeared from a vegetable stand near their family farm in Oswegatchie, about 50 miles (80 kilometers) from the Canadian border. A witness told police the girls were tending to a customer who drove up in a white four-door sedan and disappeared when the vehicle pulled away, according to the Amber Alert. The Amber Alert was canceled Thursday night after the girls were apparently abandoned along a road in Richville, about 40 miles away. "The children walked up to a home, knocked on the door of a stranger," Rain told CNN affiliate WWNY. "The stranger brought them home to their house, and police were waiting." She said the girls were "a little wet and cold," but otherwise healthy. The investigation moved quickly Friday, as "good police work" and tips from the girls led authorities to the suspects, St. Lawrence County Sheriff Kevin Wells said. "We have two strong young girls," he said. "The reason we're able to make an arrest tonight is because of just how strong they are and things they're able to remember." A red car and a white one were towed from the scene by authorities, affiliate WSYR reported. The house where Howells and Vaisey live is being processed for evidence, Wells said. A preliminary hearing for Howells and Vaisey that was scheduled for Thursday was canceled Monday. If convicted, the couple faces a minimum of 25 years in prison on the kidnapping charge. CNN's Ed Payne and Joe Sutton contributed to this report.
highlights: A district attorney says the girls were sexually abused by their captors . The kidnapping and sexual abuse are suspected to have been premeditated . A man and his girlfriend are charged in the kidnapping . The girls were apparently abducted near their farm in upstate New York .
id: 5c85d28ad2ff6bd9287732fb53ab1cf2f8a82a01
chatgpt: A disturbing case has emerged in upstate New York, where two young girls were allegedly kidnapped and sexually abused. The district attorney on the case has declared that the girls were sexually abused by their captors, and that the kidnapping and abuse were premeditated. The suspects in the case are a man and his girlfriend, who have been charged with the kidnapping. The girls were apparently abducted near their farm in upstate New York and held captive for an unknown amount of time. The details of the case are shocking and have left the community reeling. According to reports, the girls were forcibly taken from their property and driven to a remote location where they were assaulted. The suspects allegedly made threats against the girls, warning them not to say anything to anyone. The case came to light when one of the girls managed to escape and contacted the authorities. She told them what had happened, and an investigation was launched. It is not clear what led to her escape or why the suspects chose to release her. The investigation has revealed that the suspects had been planning the kidnapping for some time. They allegedly scouted locations and made preparations before the girls were taken. The suspects have been identified as a man in his 20s and his girlfriend, who is in her mid-30s. Both have been charged with multiple offenses, including kidnapping, sexual abuse, and making terroristic threats. The community has been left in shock by the case, with many expressing their outrage and disgust at the allegations. The district attorney has promised to pursue the case aggressively, and justice for the girls is expected to be a top priority. The case has also highlighted the issue of sexual abuse and kidnapping in rural areas, which can often go unnoticed and underreported. Authorities are urging anyone with information about similar cases to come forward, and are reminding the public to remain vigilant and report any suspicious activity. As the case proceeds, the community is rallying around the girls and their families, offering support and prayers for their recovery. The trauma they have experienced is unimaginable, and it is hoped that the perpetrators will be brought to justice swiftly and decisively.