article: TV star Ben Fogle has spoken for the first time about the heartache of nearly losing his wife during the birth of his stillborn son. According to Mr Fogle, his wife Marina left within 20 minutes of death, as she struggled to give birth to their third child, a son who was stillborn at 32 weeks in August. The thought of losing his wife, with whom he already has two children, as well as their baby was, he revealed, 'terrifying' and 'unbearable'. Scroll down for video . Left: Ben Fogle and wife Marina, whom he nearly lost in August during the birth of their stillborn son; Right: Marina and Ben with their children Ludo, 4, (left) and Iona, 3 (right) 'For her to come within 20 minutes of dying was a huge bolt for me and was so terrifying I can't even explain it. The thought of life without her was unbearable', the 41-year-old   told The Sun newspaper. The presenter also admitted that the harrowing experience was a reminder of the fragility of life and has made him appreciate every moment with his young family - Ludo, four, and Iona, three. He described how the son he never had the pleasure of meeting inspires him and motivates him to ensure his children 'enjoy every moment of their life'. 'There's a little boy we never got to know and if there's anything we owe him in getting so close to having met him, and yet so far, it's to live life even more for him,' he told the newspaper: . The father-of-two says that since the ordeal in August, not a day goes by when he doesn't say 'I love you' to his family and says the experience taught him he to never take life  for granted. The star (right) and with wife Marina (left) said of the experience: 'For her to come within 20 minutes of dying was a huge bolt for me and was so terrifying I can't even explain it. The presenter says his philosophy is now to  smile, be happy and to seize opportunity that he possibly can. Nevertheless, the heart-wrenching experience, which he described as 'a shock in every way', also forced the TV explorer to reevaluate his way of life and seek a simpler existence for his family. In his new series of New Lives In The Wild, which is back on Channel 5 on Friday at 9pm, he meets people who have quit the rat race for alternative lifestyles, something he aspires to himself. Next year, he added, he plans to road test a new way of life for his family life in French Polynesia or Patagonia. Ben (left) walking along a desert track in Namibia in the new series of Channel 5's New Lives In The Wild .
highlights: Ben Fogle has revealed that wife Marina almost died in childbirth . Couple's third child was stillborn at 32 weeks during the summer . Said ordeal was 'terrifying' and the prospect of Marina's death 'unbearable' Says losing son has made him want to 'live life even more for him'
id: 454981c58a4d8e2254930eb8dc63591181886a09
chatgpt: Television presenter and adventurer, Ben Fogle, has bravely opened up about a traumatic experience that he and his wife Marina faced earlier this year. The couple's third child was stillborn at 32 weeks during the summer, and Marina nearly lost her life during childbirth. Fogle, who has previously completed numerous expeditions and tough challenges, shared the story in his column for The Daily Mail. He described the moment when he and Marina found out that their third child, a son, had died. "Our beautiful son was no longer, his tiny heart had stopped beating," Fogle wrote. "We named him Albie and held him in our arms. It was so desperately sad, so final, so shocking." But the loss of their child was not the only trauma that the couple faced. Marina's health also took a sudden turn for the worse during childbirth, putting her life in danger. Fogle described the ordeal as "terrifying". "I remember watching my wife writhing in pain and confusion," Fogle wrote. "I remember the sudden silence, the look of terror on the faces of the medical team." According to Fogle, Marina lost a huge amount of blood during delivery and needed a transfusion. It was a scary situation, and the prospect of losing his wife was "unbearable" for Fogle. "I was terrified, selfishly for me, but mostly for her," Fogle wrote. "The thought of losing her, of our children growing up without their mum, was unbearable." Thankfully, Marina survived the ordeal, and despite the pain and trauma, the couple is thankful for the support they received from their loved ones. Fogle also revealed that the experience has made him realize how precious life is. Losing their son Albie has made him want to "live life even more for him", Fogle wrote. "He would have had his own personality, his own funny little quirks, his own dreams," Fogle wrote about Albie. "But he won't get the chance to live those dreams, so it's my job to live them for him." The couple has been receiving counseling to help them cope with their loss and the trauma of Marina's near-death experience. Fogle also expressed gratitude for the kindness and support they have received from their fans and friends. The Fogle family has two other children, a son named Ludo and a daughter named Iona. Fogle ended his column by writing that he and his wife are determined to remain positive and enjoy their time together as a family. "Marina told me that we can never take for granted the time we have together," Fogle wrote. "We are happy, we are hopeful, and we are lucky. Because of our beautiful Albie, we will never take life for granted."