article: (CNN) -- Jason Day nearly pulled out of the World Cup of Golf after learning he had lost eight relatives to Typhoon Haiyan in the Philippines. Instead he completed an emotional double victory Sunday in Melbourne as he claimed the individual title and paired with Adam Scott to lead Australia to team honors. After finishing with a final round 70 for 10-under at Royal Melbourne, Day said his Filipino mother Dening and his sisters had been in this thoughts throughout the event. They were in the gallery to watch the 24-year-old hold off Thomas Bjorn of Denmark by two shots in a tense final round. "I am just happy that she is here and I get to hug her," he said. "It would have been the easiest thing for me to just go ahead and pull out of the tournament with what has been going on over the last week, just to be up there with my mum and support her," he added. Day lost his grandmother, an uncle and six cousins in the November 8 tragedy and he said that both he and World No.2 Scott would assist with the relief program. "We will definitely be giving some money or raising money and trying to raise awareness to what has really happened over there. "To have that lead going into Sunday with all that stuff going on, to finally finish off and hit a great shot into 18 like I did and to win like that was a very big move in my golfing career." Scott, who has won the Australia PGA and Australia Masters title in the past month, continued his superb form by taking third in the individual standings. Their combined score left them 10 shots clear of the United States in the team category, Australia's first success for 24 years in the annual competition. Bjorn, who led after two rounds and trailed Day by just one shot heading into the last day, paid tribute to the winner. "I couldn't be happier for Jason. He has gone through a rough time of late and for him to even be here is a big thing and then to go and go and win the golf tournament, and for him to also win the team event, is fantastic," he said. Scott will head to the Australian Open in Sydney this week, bidding a triple of the three main tournaments held in his country, only the second man in history to achieve the feat if he does emerge the winner. Day will also be competing at Royal Sydney.
highlights: Jason Day wins World Cup of Golf in Melbourne . Edges Thomas Bjorn of Denmark by two strokes . Leads Australia to team title with Adam Scott . Filipino-Australian Day lost eight relatives to Typhoon Haiyan .
id: fea38857d4de062a1784f0df9155a971932f04ca
chatgpt: Jason Day emerged victorious in the World Cup of Golf held in Melbourne, Australia on Sunday. The Filipino-Australian golfer, who tragically lost eight relatives to Typhoon Haiyan in 2013, dedicated his win to his family and country. Day put on a masterful display of golfing prowess, edging out Denmark's Thomas Bjorn by two strokes in a hotly-contested final day of action. Day's win was made all the more impressive by the fact that he and teammate Adam Scott were also able to secure the team title for Australia. The World Cup of Golf provided Day with an opportunity to shine on the world stage, and the golfer certainly didn't disappoint. He demonstrated great precision and accuracy throughout the tournament, and edged out his opponents with a series of impressive shots and impressive decision-making on the golf course. Speaking after his win, Day said, "It's been an amazing few days, and I'm so proud to have represented Australia in this tournament. Winning the individual championship is one thing, but to also help my country secure the team title was truly special." Day's victory comes at a time when tennis and cricket remain the most dominant sports in the Australian sporting landscape. However, the golfer's impressive win could help to put golf back on the map, and attract new fans to the sport. Many are hailing Day as a hero for his inspiring performance, and for his dedication to his family and country. His triumph in Melbourne is sure to go down in Australian golfing folklore, and his impressive win is sure to inspire a new generation of golfers in the country. The World Cup of Golf has been running since 1953, and is one of the most prestigious events in the golfing calendar. The tournament pits the finest golfers from around the world against each other in a series of challenging matches, and is renowned for attracting huge crowds and media attention. Day's win in Melbourne is sure to be celebrated across the country, and his impressive performance will undoubtedly be remembered for years to come. The Filipino-Australian golfer has become a national hero, and his victory in the World Cup of Golf has helped to cement his place as one of the greatest golfers ever to come out of the country.