article: Harry Reid, the Majority Leader of the U.S. Senate, apologized on Friday after video surfaced of him cracking two jokes about Asian-American stereotypes while speaking to the Asian Chamber of Commerce in Las Vegas. 'The Asian population is so productive,' the 74-year-old Nevada lawmaker said Thursday during his speech to a group of about 100 businessmen and women. 'I don't think you're smarter than anybody else, but you've convinced a lot of us you are.' Later, when Dr. Terry Wong, the chamber of commerce's president, was introduced onstage, Reid grabbed the microphone and joked that 'one problem that I've had today is keeping my Wongs straight.' SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO . Facepalm: Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid told an Asian audience that he had trouble 'keeping my Wongs straight' Reid appeared before members of the Asian Chamber of Commerce during their monthly lunch at the Gold Coast casino-hotel in Las Vegas . Reid's apology came after a conservative political action committee called America Rising posted a video of the remarks on YouTube, titling it 'Harry Reid Mocks Asians, Gets His Wongs Confused.' 'My comments were in extremely poor taste and I apologize,' he said in a statement to reporters. 'Sometimes I say the wrong thing.' The aging senator has a history of making off-color ethnic remarks that upset some groups, especially African-Americans. In the 2010 book 'Game Change,' journalists Mark Halperin and John Heilemann quoted Reid commenting to confidantes that then-Senator Barack Obama would have a leg up in a presidential election since he had the benefit of a 'light-skinned' complexion. And, Reid reportedly continued, Obama spoke 'with no Negro dialect, unless he wanted to have one.' Reid's apology for that remark, delivered after the book's publication, was more of a deep bow. 'I deeply regret using such a poor choice of words,' he said. 'I sincerely apologize for offending any and all Americans, especially African-Americans for my improper comments.' 'No negro dialect': Reid put his foot in his mouth during the 2008 campaign season, explaining why he though Barack Obama's race would help him win the presidency . The Las Vegas Review-Journal noted on Friday that Asian-Americans make up about 7.7 percent of Nevada’s population, a number twice what it was a decade ago. The Breitbart.com website reported Friday that a spokesman for the chairwoman of the Congressional Asian Pacific American Caucus – a group composed exclusively of Democrats – declined to criticize Reid. The group's website says it will 'denounce' any 'racial and religious discrimination affecting Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders.' During the 2010 midterm campaign season, Reid told an audience comprised mainly of Hispanic voters that 'I don't know how anyone of Hispanic heritage could be a Republican.' His office never blasted out an apology for that remark. He has been a U.S. senator since 1987 and a member of Congress since 1983. His next appointment with an re-election calendar will come in 2016.
highlights: Reid told the Asian Chamber of Commerce in Las Vegas that 'I don't think you're smarter than anybody else, but you've convinced a lot of us you are' He later joked that he was having 'trouble keeping my Wongs straight' among the 100 attendees of his speaking event . Reid previously caught flak for saying Barack Obama could win the presidency because he was 'light-skinned' and had 'no negro dialect' In 2010 he told a group of Hispanic voters that he couldn't understand how any of them could possibly be Republicans .
id: c7298655597f92d597b8aaae7f68976c93f2304f
chatgpt: Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid is under fire once again for his controversial comments. This time, the Nevada Democrat faced criticism for his remarks to the Asian Chamber of Commerce in Las Vegas. According to reports, Reid told the group: "I don't think you're smarter than anybody else, but you've convinced a lot of us that you are." The comment drew swift backlash from Asian-Americans, who took to social media to denounce Reid's remark. This is not the first time Reid has been accused of making racist comments. In 2010, he was caught telling a group of Hispanic voters that he couldn't understand how any of them could possibly be Republicans. In a 2018 book, "Fire and Fury," author Michael Wolff recounted a private conversation in which Reid allegedly called President Barack Obama "light-skinned" and having "no negro dialect." The comments were widely condemned as racist and raised concerns about Reid's views on race. Reid's latest comments have also drawn criticism from his own party. On Twitter, Rep. Grace Meng (D-NY) called on Reid to apologize for his "ignorant and offensive" remarks. Reid's spokesperson, Kristen Orthman, released a statement defending the senator's record on diversity and inclusivity. "Senator Reid's record of fighting for equality and justice for all people is well-known and well-documented," Orthman said. "He has devoted his career to advancing the cause of civil rights and standing up for communities that have been marginalized and overlooked." Despite the backlash, some have defended Reid and argued that his comments were taken out of context. In a tweet, political commentator Bill Maher said Reid's joke about having "trouble keeping my Wongs straight" was just a "bad joke." This is not the first time Reid has faced criticism for his sense of humor. In 2010, he caused controversy by joking about a fellow senator's race during a private meeting with staffers. The incident underscores the growing concern over politicians' use of humor in public settings. While many politicians use humor as a way to connect with voters, others say it can lead to misunderstandings and hurt feelings. For his part, Reid has not issued an apology for his comments to the Asian Chamber of Commerce. However, he did release a statement thanking the group for allowing him to speak and expressing his commitment to promoting diversity and inclusivity. "I believe that diversity is our strength and that we must continue to work together to create a more inclusive society," Reid said. "I look forward to continuing to engage with the Asian-American community and working to build a brighter future for all Americans."