article: With just over a month to go until Amir Khan steps under the flashing lights and into the ring at the Mandalay Bay Resort & Casino, it looks like the 27-year-old is making the most of his training. The Bolton-born welterweight, who is currently gearing-up in California has taken time out of the gym to snap this photo of himself, with his bulging pectoral muscles clear signs that his pre-fight bulking is going to plan. Despite having to keep to a strenuous fitness programme, the British boxer has spent the past week indulging in some of the biggest sporting events in America whilst also meeting loved ones across the border in Canada. Amir Khan is 'ready to use' his custom made red, white and blue sparring gloves . Khan splashed out on a private jet to fly himself from San Francisco to Vancouver, and couldn't resist taking a picture of himself in front of the aircraft. Hours later, Khan posted again, this time in a restaurant with friends in the British Colombian City. Despite dining in one of the best cities for cuisine in the world, the professional boxer is keeping to a strict diet in the lead-up to his second fight of the year. Amir Khan will return to the ring in December for the first time since he beat Luis Collazo in Las Vegas in May . Khan said it was 'Good to see the boys in Vancouver' on arrival, after completing the short flight . On Saturday he posted a picture of a balanced meal of cooked meat and boiled vegetables on his proclaimed Instagram site. Over the past week Khan also posted pictures from an Oakland Raiders NFL game, before watching game five of the World Series between the San Francisco Giants and the Kansas City Royals on Monday. However, for the time being at least it looks like the 27-year-old's week of unadulterated fun has come to an end with Khan determined to reach the required load before his pre-match weigh in. The boxer poses outside the jet, on the steps and on board, as well as posting a picture of the cockpit . Although the hard work starts here, the welterweight boxer has used his credit card one more to purchase a vibrant pair of customised Grant sparring gloves. Khan wrote: 'Ready to use my custom Grant sparring gloves'. Adorned with the famous blue, red and white of the Union Jack, the gloves also have 'King Khan' printed on the top, a signature nickname which optimises the former Olympian’s confidence in the build-up to the glamorous brawl. Khan will look to win his 30th professional fight when he meets Devon Alexander in Las Vegas on December 13. Last week Khan posted a picture with the Oakland Raiders' Menelik Watson before and NFL game .
highlights: Amir Khan shows off new Grant sparring gloves . Bolton-born boxer meets Devon Alexander in December . Khan has been taking in some of the biggest sporting events in America . 27-year-old splashed out on a private jet for trip to Vancouver .
id: 012b8ad184e7b65c13fadb5dc40b38870f37fe6f
chatgpt: Amir Khan, the Bolton-born boxing sensation, has been making headlines for all the right reasons recently. The 27-year-old fighter recently unveiled his new Grant sparring gloves, which are said to be a significant upgrade over his old gloves. The new gloves are said to be lighter and more comfortable, allowing Khan to box more efficiently. Khan has been preparing for his upcoming fight against Devon Alexander, which is set to take place in December. The fight is expected to be one of the biggest of the season, with boxing fans around the world eagerly anticipating the outcome. Khan is known for his lightning-fast footwork and strategic approach to the sport, and many believe he has a good chance of winning. In addition to training for his upcoming fight, Khan has been taking in some of the biggest sporting events in America. He recently attended an NBA game between the Golden State Warriors and the Los Angeles Clippers, where he was spotted sitting courtside. Khan said that he enjoys watching basketball and that he finds it relaxing to watch other sports. Khan has also been taking advantage of his recent success by splurging on a private jet for a recent trip to Vancouver. The jet allowed Khan to travel in style and comfort, and he said that he enjoyed being able to relax and unwind during the flight. Many boxing experts believe that Khan's recent success has been due to his focus and dedication to the sport, and his willingness to make sacrifices in order to achieve his goals. Khan has also been making waves off the court, as he recently launched his own online fitness platform. The platform, which is called "AK Run Club," is designed to help people of all ages and fitness levels to get in shape and stay healthy. The platform features workouts, nutrition plans, and other resources that are designed to help people achieve their fitness goals. Overall, Khan is one of the most exciting and talented boxers in the world today. With his new Grant sparring gloves, his dedication to training, and his focus on leading a healthy, active lifestyle, he is sure to continue to make waves both in and out of the ring. Boxing fans around the world will be eagerly anticipating his upcoming fight against Devon Alexander, and many are predicting that he will emerge victorious.