article: A four-year-old girl has become an internet sensation after a film of her trying to sing a nursery rhyme has got more than half a million hits. Adorable Lola Webb from Dartford, Kent, tries to sing the call-and-response nursery rhyme One Day We Went To The Zoo with her father, Dean. He sits behind the camera as he sings the words of the title to her and patiently tries to get her to repeat the words 'to the zoo' back. Scroll down for video . But little Lola can't quite get it right and repeatedly gives a number of wrong responses. Towards the end of the 95 second clip she pauses and concentrates and appears to be about to give the right reply - before getting it wrong for a final time. The film has now racked up more than 541,000 hits on YouTube. Dean, 32, who runs his own barbers, said: 'I took her downstairs and was trying to cheer her up and I started to clap and sing the song. 'I said to her 'you just have to sing to the zoo' and she gave me such a funny blank expression. I grabbed the iPad because it was so funny. 'I put it on Facebook and friends and family shared it. She's just such a funny little girl and she never gives up if she can't get something.' Lola, who was dressed in Disney pyjamas and singing for her nine-month-old brother Rocco said: 'I love singing and I love dancing and being famous.' Lola loves to sing and dance and goes to stage school 'she's just so excited by the whole thing' Lola's mum Jade, 30, said: 'We just can't believe that it's gone viral. When it went up online it gained more than 100,000 in a day. 'Lola loves to sing and dance and goes to stage school, and she's just so excited by the whole thing. 'She's always been confident. She generally sings her own made up songs, she's not one to be told how to do it.' Little Lola can't seem to quite get it right and repeatedly gives a number of wrong responses .
highlights: Lola Webb from Dartford, Kent, tries to sing One Day We Went To The Zoo . Listens intently as father talks her though call-and-response nursery rhyme . But she just can't seem to repeat just the words 'to the zoo' back to him . Adorable video has been viewed more than 500,000 times on YouTube .
id: e0b0b4b2405ee83e27655dd89533ae74b95e861e
chatgpt: An adorable toddler from Dartford, Kent, has become an internet sensation after a video of her trying to sing a classic nursery rhyme attracted more than 500,000 views on YouTube. Lola Webb, a cute little girl with curly brown hair and big brown eyes, was filmed by her father as she tried to sing "One Day We Went To The Zoo". In the video, Lola listens intently as her father talks her through the call-and-response nursery rhyme, but she just can't seem to repeat the words "to the zoo" back to him. Despite multiple attempts, Lola's pronunciation of the phrase remains elusive, resulting in a hilarious and heartwarming video that has captured the hearts of people all around the world. The video, which was uploaded to YouTube by Lola's father, has been shared widely on social media and has received glowing comments from viewers who can't help but admire Lola's cuteness. One viewer commented, "This is just adorable! Lola, you are such a sweetheart." Another viewer wrote, "I can't stop watching this. Lola, you are a star!" The video has even caught the attention of some celebrities, with British singer and songwriter Ed Sheeran tweeting about it to his millions of followers. In an interview with a local news outlet, Lola's father said he was surprised by the overwhelming response to the video. "We uploaded the video just for our family and friends to see, and we never expected it to get so much attention," he said. He added, "Lola is still too young to understand the concept of fame, but she loves to sing and dance. We're just happy that people are enjoying the video and that Lola is making people happy." In a world that can often be filled with negativity, Lola's video has brought a much-needed dose of joy and laughter, reminding us all of the simple pleasures in life. For those who haven't seen it yet, the video can be found on YouTube under the title "Lola Tries To Sing One Day We Went To The Zoo".