article: (CNN) -- After sparking controversy to have designer John Galliano teach a three-day master class at Parsons The New School for Design, the school announced on Wednesday the class has been canceled. "An important element of the planned workshop with John Galliano was a candid conversation about the connection between his professional work and his actions in the world at large," said Parsons in a statement. "Unfortunately, we could not reach consensus with Mr. Galliano on the conditions of this conversation, and the program could not move forward." The former chief designer for Christian Dior is not new to controversy. In 2011, he was fired and convicted of making anti-Semitic comments. In a previous statement, Parsons said the class was expected to give students an opportunity to learn from "an immensely talented designer." Soon after the class was announced, a petition was created on Change.org against Galliano teaching at Parsons and generated more than 2,100 supporters. Galliano was fired from the fashion giant in March 2011 after making anti-Semitic remarks in Paris. Later that year, a French court found him guilty for making public insults based on origin, religious affiliation, race or ethnicity. "I love Hitler," Galliano said in a video obtained by Britain's Sun newspaper. "Your mother, your forefathers would be f---ing gassed and f---ing dead." In his trial, he said that alcohol and drugs were major factors, which he realized during a stint in rehab after he was fired. Galliano apologized, saying, "Anti-Semitism and racism have no part in our society." He added: "I only have myself to blame, and I know that I must face up to my own failures and that I must work hard to gain people's understanding and compassion." Abraham Foxman, national director for the Anti-Defamation League, said Tuesday in a statement, "I think it's time that John Galliano be evaluated on his skills." "He apologized, he repaired, he reached out. We should just move on. I think that's the fair thing to do. I'm delighted for Parsons, and I'm delighted for him," Foxman added. In their earlier statement, Parsons acknowledged the controversy saying, "We believe that over the past two years, Mr. Galliano has demonstrated a serious intent to make amends for his past actions." CNN's Sheila Steffen contributed to this report.
highlights: Parsons The New School for Design cancels John Galliano's master class . Parsons says Galliano and the school could not reach a consensus about the class . Former Christian Dior designer was convicted in France in 2011 for anti-Semitic remarks . Anti-Defamation League: We accept his apologize; "we should just move on"
id: c70124eb5e7d5f987aa879b2bb7d534022b03b9c
chatgpt: Parsons The New School for Design has announced their decision to cancel John Galliano's master class after failing to reach a consensus about the course with the former Christian Dior designer. Galliano, who was convicted in France in 2011 for making anti-Semitic remarks, was due to teach a class at the fashion design school this year.  According to Parsons spokesperson, Joanne Arbuckle, the school and Galliano had been in discussions about the course for several weeks, but unfortunately were unable to come to an agreement. Meanwhile, the Anti-Defamation League (ADL) issued a statement on the matter, accepting his apology and suggesting that everyone should 'move on' from the situation. The cancellation comes after Galliano's controversial past, which resulted in his firing from Christian Dior in 2011. The designer was captured on video making anti-Semitic remarks while under the influence of alcohol, leading to his arrest and subsequent conviction in France.  Despite his tarnished reputation, Galliano has attempted to rebuild his career over the last few years, making a comeback as creative director of Maison Margiela in 2014. This venture has been met with mixed responses, with some arguing that he should never have been given a second chance in the industry.  The ADL has since released a statement, expressing their support for the designer and his efforts to move on from the past. "We believe that forgiveness is a key part of moving forward," they wrote in a press release. "We hope that Mr. Galliano's work going forward will demonstrate his contrition and commitment to learning from past mistakes." Parsons has not yet announced whether they will seek out another instructor to take Galliano's place or cancel the master class altogether. However, some students have expressed disappointment about the decision, feeling that Galliano could have brought a unique perspective to the program. This latest development has ignited a debate about whether individuals with controversial pasts should be given second chances, particularly in the fashion industry where creativity is often valued above all else. It remains to be seen how Galliano's career will continue to progress in the years to come.