article: Every frontline police officer should be offered a Taser to help fight the threat from lone-wolf terrorists, a police leader declared yesterday. Steve White, who chairs the Police Federation, said evidence of plans to murder officers made the move necessary. ‘The terrorist ideal to get attention no longer relies on an attack being in a place of note,’ he said. ‘It could be in Cheam high street, in any town, in any part of the UK. We know there are more dangerous people out there, preparing to attack police officers and we need to be able to respond to that threat.’ Steve White, who chairs the Police Federation, said evidence of plans to murder officers made it necessary for every frontline officer to be offered a taser . Leaders of the Police Federation are set to vote next month about whether every uniformed officer should be offered training in the use of a Taser . The terrorist threat level for police was raised to severe two weeks ago in the wake of the Paris atrocity and a foiled assault on officers in Belgium. Since then, police chiefs and junior officers have been considering how to counter the extra dangers. Last December, a threat was made to kidnap and kill a policeman in the West Midlands. Officers were given extra security briefings and urged not to travel to work in uniform. Leaders of the Police Federation, which represents rank-and-file officers, will vote next month on a proposal that every uniformed frontline officer should be offered training in the use of Tasers, though some may choose not to carry them. The weapons, which carry an electric current of up to 50,000 volts to incapacitate dangerous suspects, have been linked to at least ten deaths in England and Wales over the past decade. Some senior officers are believed to support the idea in theory, but one police leader said chief constables would be mostly opposed. The police chief, speaking anonymously, told the Guardian: ‘The idea of arming every police officer with a Taser is alien to 200 years of police culture. It is a stepping stone to arming the police – something strapped to your hip that looks like a firearm is a huge shift in what we stand for.’
highlights: Calls for every police officer to be offered a Taser to fight terrorist threat . Police Federation set to vote on giving all frontline officers training . Terrorist threat level for police was raised to severe after Paris attacks .
id: 6182e63f54f7d4fc1e03caeb752d69e784c531a4
chatgpt: In the wake of recent terror attacks in Paris, there has been an increased focus on the safety and preparedness of police officers tasked with combating terrorism. As a result, there are now calls for every police officer in the United Kingdom to be offered a Taser in order to better protect themselves and the public. The Police Federation is set to vote on whether or not to give all frontline officers training in how to use the stun gun. If the vote passes, it would mean that every officer on the front line would be able to carry a Taser in order to respond to potential threats. The move comes as the terrorist threat level for police was raised to severe following the Paris attacks. This means that an attack on police officers in the UK is considered highly likely. Police officers are often the first responders to terrorist incidents, and it is essential that they have the means to protect themselves and the public from harm. Not everyone is in favor of the move, however. Some have raised concerns about the potential misuse of Tasers and the implications for civil liberties. Others have argued that the focus should be on providing more funding for police departments rather than arming officers with potentially lethal weapons. Despite these concerns, many police officers argue that having access to a Taser would improve their own safety and their ability to respond to dangerous situations. One officer told the BBC that "when you're on the front line, you need every tool in your arsenal to keep yourself and the public safe." The debate over whether or not to offer every police officer a Taser is likely to continue in the coming weeks and months. However, what is clear is that the threat of terrorism is a very real and present danger faced by police officers across the United Kingdom. It is essential that we do everything possible to ensure their safety and the safety of the public they serve.