article: Former Chelsea and Arsenal left back Ashley Cole took some time off from playing for Roma to take on a different challenge as he faced up to the silky skills of  freestyler Sean Garnier. Garnier had to quit professional football in his native France due to injuries but has since become one of the most famous freestylers in the world and in 2008 he won the inaugural Red Bull Street Style World Finals. With his feet moving so quickly they were almost a blur, Cole had to keep his eyes firmly on the ball as Garnier strutted his stuff when the two met this weekend. Ashley Cole waits for his moment and then pounces to nick the ball from freestyler Sean Garnier . Cole (right) has enjoyed a solid start to life at Roma but played in the 7-1 defeat against Bayern Munich . The 33-year-old, who has 107 England caps, showed he's lost none of his defensive nous as he let his French opponent  perform his mesmerising tricks before nipping in to dispossess him when the opportunity arose. Shortly before making the tackle, Cole joked, 'I don't want to hurt you' while he watched Garnier flick the ball right and left. The ex-England international took the applause as he ended up with the ball, but he may be relieved at getting back to his day job and facing up to more conventional opponents when he next lines up for Roma. The left back has made seven appearances for the Italian side since joining from Chelsea this summer .
highlights: Ashley Cole faced up to famous freestyler Sean Garnier this weekend . The Roma left back defended while Garnier produced silky skills . The former Chelsea and Arsenal left back nipped in to win the ball . Garnier won the 2008 Red Bull Street Style World Finals . Cole was on the bench for Roma's 0-0 draw with Sampdoria on Saturday .
id: a9a08e59d49da394c09b796f59c4e376f76ed412
chatgpt: Roma left back Ashley Cole marked his weekend with a friendly face off against world renowned freestyle soccer player Sean Garnier. Garnier took to the streets to showcase his silky footwork, setting up trick shots and flipping the ball in ways Cole never imagined. Despite the Roma defender being known for his proficient man-marking, he was unable to outwit Garnier on this occasion. Garnier's slick feet and patience made Cole constantly second guess himself, much to the entertainment of the crowd. Garnier's previous accomplishments include winning the prestigious Red Bull Street Style World Finals back in 2008. He has since become a household name in the world of freestyle soccer with his abilities taking him to many places around the world. The action-packed banter between the two saw Garnier show Cole just why he's at the top of his game. The Roma defender didn't take long to adapt, nipping in on some of Garnier's plays and winning the ball back for his team. But it was the skills and tricks of Garnier that took the limelight. He used his legs to full effect, whether it was dancing around the ball, hopping on one foot or bouncing it on his head. While Cole may have taken the tactical edge, he was unable to topple Garnier's prowess. The game ended with both players an equal match, with neither quite able to outshine the other. Cole watched from the bench the following day as Roma struggled to make any impact on Sampdoria, drawing the game 0-0. Despite the result, both Cole and Garnier were grateful for the opportunity to remind fans just how magical the sport of football can be. Their skills combined make for an enthralling watch whether on or off the field.