article: Bangkok, Thailand (CNN) -- A dozen more people have died during ongoing sectarian violence in Myanmar's western state of Rakhine, bringing the death toll from the unrest to 62, a local official said Wednesday. "The town has returned to normalcy, but the martial law and curfew are still in place," said Win Myaing, a spokesman for state affairs. "Residents can't leave their compounds from 6 p.m. until 6 a.m. and gatherings of more than five people are not allowed in order to prevent unrest." Violence between Buddhists and Muslims erupted after the police detained three Muslim men in relation to the rape and killing of a Buddhist woman late last month. Two of the men were sentenced to death this week, the government-run newspaper New Light of Myanmar reported on its website. A third man hanged himself while in detention on June 9. News of the crime appears to have motivated several hundred people to attack a bus in Rakhine in early June, killing 10 Muslims who were on board. Violence between Buddhists and Muslims then spread across the northern part of the state, resulting in the destruction of thousands of homes and the deaths of about 50 people, according to the government. The national government declared a state of emergency in Rakhine, bringing in the military to help restore order. Rakhine is home to the Rohingya, an ethnic Muslim minority who say they have been persecuted the Myanmar military during its decades of authoritarian rule. Hundreds of Rohingyas tried last week to cross the border into neighboring Bangladesh to flee the sectarian violence. But the Bangladeshi authorities have turned them back, saying they already have too many Rohingya refugees. Bangladeshi officials estimate 300,000 Rohingyas live in the country, with about a 10th of them in two official refugee camps. The unrest in Rakhine appears to have subsided notably from its peak earlier this month. The challenge for the authorities and international aid groups is supporting the thousands of people driven from their homes by the violence. U.N. World Food Programme estimated this week that "there are about 90,000 displaced people in need of assistance as a result of the recent clashes." "The situation in northern Rakhine State remains very tense," the human rights group Amnesty International said in a statement Tuesday. The organization called on the authorities to "ensure full and unfettered humanitarian access to displaced people, and conduct an independent and impartial investigation into recent communal violence." Vijay Nambiar, a U.N. envoy who visited the affected area, said last week that repairing relations between the different communities in Rakhine would be "a long haul." The unrest has tested the efforts of President Thein Sein's administration to seek reconciliation with Myanmar's different ethnic groups and move the country toward more democratic governance. CNN's Jethro Mullen contributed to this report.
highlights: The World Food Programme estimbates 90,000 people are displaced and need help . The attack that appears to have set off the unrest involved the rape and killing of a woman . Two Muslim men receive the death penalty; a third already hanged himself in jail . Amnesty International calls for an independent investigation into the violence .
id: 1956ca81610dc550b6ada39b9a29ec811f11a865
chatgpt: The small town of Mandalay, located in central Myanmar, is grappling with the aftermath of a horrific attack that has led to a surge in violence and displacement. According to the World Food Programme (WFP), approximately 90,000 people have been displaced and are in urgent need of assistance. The unrest began after the rape and killing of a woman in the town, which appears to have triggered a wave of anger and retaliation among the local population. In response, two Muslim men were sentenced to death for their alleged involvement in the attack. A third man, also accused in the case, hanged himself in jail before being brought to trial. However, the death sentences have provoked further outrage, with some groups accusing the government of bias and discrimination against the Muslim community in Myanmar. Amnesty International has called for an independent investigation into the violence, saying that the trial process was marred by allegations of procedural irregularities. The situation in Mandalay is further complicated by the deep-seated tensions and ethnic divisions that have long plagued Myanmar. The country is home to dozens of ethnic groups, many of whom have experienced persecution and marginalization under the military regime that ruled the country for decades. While Myanmar has transitioned to civilian rule in recent years, ongoing conflict in the country's border regions and sporadic outbreaks of violence between different religious and ethnic groups continue to pose major challenges to the government's efforts to build a stable and inclusive society. The situation in Mandalay highlights the need for greater attention and resources to address the underlying drivers of violence and displacement in Myanmar. Without a concerted effort to address the root causes of conflict and promote reconciliation and social cohesion, it is likely that similar incidents will continue to occur in the future. The WFP and other humanitarian organizations are working to provide food, shelter, and other assistance to those affected by the violence in Mandalay. However, more needs to be done to address the complex political, social, and economic challenges facing Myanmar as a whole. The government must take concrete steps to address the grievances of minority groups, promote inclusive governance and political participation, and invest in the development of marginalized areas of the country. Only by addressing these fundamental issues can Myanmar hope to build a future that is peaceful, prosperous, and equitable for all its citizens.