article: Darren Fletcher sealed a deadline day move to West Bromwich Albion from Manchester United, where he has linked up with his former Old Trafford team-mate Ben Foster. The Scotland captain is a welcome reinforcement in the midfield of Tony Pulis' squad and Foster has been giving the lowdown on exactly what he will bring to the side. 'It's great for the club - he fits perfectly into the ethos of what we want here,' Foster said to the club's official website. 'We built our foundations on players like that - hard working, good quality, honest, a player you can rely on. Darren Fletcher (centre) has trained with his new West Bromwich Albion team-mates for the first time . Midfielder Fletcher (centre) joined West Brom from Manchester United in a deadline day transfer switch . Fletcher is also the captain of Scotland and links up at West Brom with former team-mate Ben Foster . Foster spoke of his delight at the arrival of Fletcher, a team-mate at United, on the club's official website . Fletcher (left) could make his debut for West Brom against Burnley in the Premier League on Sunday . Fletcher signed a two-and-a-half year deal at West Brom and moved to the club on a free transfer from United . 'He captains his country and has about 350 games for Man United at a time when they were at their most dominant, winning trophies domestically and in Europe. 'We're happy to have him here and very lucky too.' Fletcher, who signed a two-and-a-half year contract at West Brom, could make his debut for the club in their Premier League match against Burnley at Turf Moor on Sunday.
highlights: Midfielder Darren Fletcher signed for West Brom from Manchester United . He penned a two-and-a-half year deal at the club and moved on a free . Fletcher joins up with former United team-mate, goalkeeper Ben Foster .
id: 6a7abd0a77117dc37947619580c8a0eeff8f5a54
chatgpt: West Bromwich Albion have announced the signing of Scottish midfielder Darren Fletcher, who joins the club on a free transfer from Manchester United. The 31-year-old has put pen to paper on a two-and-a-half-year deal with the Baggies and will join up with former United teammate and now West Brom goalkeeper Ben Foster. Fletcher had been with United for over two decades and made close to 350 appearances for the club. He was a key player in their title-winning seasons and also captained the team on several occasions. However, he had found playing time hard to come by this season, making only five appearances in all competitions. Speaking to West Brom's official website, Fletcher expressed his excitement at joining the club and looked forward to playing alongside Foster. "I'm delighted to be joining West Brom and can't wait to get started. I know Ben Foster well from our time at Manchester United and I'm looking forward to playing with him again." West Brom boss Tony Pulis also praised the signing of Fletcher, saying that he brings a wealth of experience to the team. "Darren has played at the highest level for over a decade and his experience and leadership qualities will be invaluable for us. He's a fantastic professional and we're delighted to have him here." Fletcher will be hoping to make an immediate impact for West Brom as they aim to climb up the Premier League table. The Midlands club currently sit in 14th place and are only four points clear of the relegation zone. It remains to be seen how much game time Fletcher will receive at West Brom, but his signing will certainly add quality and depth to their midfield. The Scottish international will be hoping that his move will reignite his career and help him secure a place in the national team for the upcoming Euro 2016 tournament.