article: (CNN) -- Environmental activist Erin Brockovich was in Kingston, Tennessee, on Thursday to speak with residents affected by a massive spill of coal sludge from a nearby coal-fired plant. Properties near ground zero of the December 22 Tennessee spill are covered in sludge. Brockovich said many people in the community told her they don't feel they've been told the truth about the December 22 spill that occurred after a retention wall was breached at the Kingston Fossil Plant. She quoted citizens as saying they don't get satisfactory answers or they get inconsistent answers when they call the the plant's owner, Tennessee Valley Authority. "They don't have the answers and they're very, very concerned," Brockovich said. "So we're here to address all of that and begin to put the pieces of the puzzle together." Brockovich, who said she was invited to the community by residents, planned to meet with them Thursday night. A public meeting is scheduled for Friday night. She hopes people will come to the meetings and air their concerns. She said she will tour the site on the ground and from the air. Brockovich gained fame after the 2000 release of the movie bearing her name. It told the story of how she, as a file clerk at a law firm, established that a toxic chemical from the Pacific Gas and Electric Company's compressor station leaked into the groundwater of a nearby town, compromising the health of hundreds, according to a biography posted on Brockovich's Web site. In 1996, the company paid the largest toxic tort settlement in U.S. history -- $333 million -- to more than 600 Hinkley residents, the Web site said. About 1.1 billion gallons of sludge, or ash mixed with water, spilled onto 300 acres from the plant located 40 miles west of Knoxville, Tennessee. That is enough sludge to fill 1,660 Olympic-size swimming pools. Fly ash is a byproduct of burning coal. Brockovich said residents have sent her photos showing fly ash up to 2 feet deep in places. She said citizens are worried about contact with the fly ash, including its impact on the water supply. Last week, authorities said drinking water in the area was potable, although samples of ash near the site showed "elevated levels" of arsenic. Leslie Sims, the Environmental Protection Agency on-scene coordinator, said the Tennessee Valley Authority is addressing the issue. "I don't think TVA can move fast enough to possibly satisfy these people," said Brockovich, noting that she hasn't spoken with anyone from the TVA. TVA, the nation's largest public utility, promised to do whatever it takes to clean the spill in central Tennessee. Tennessee Gov. Phil Bredesen promised state government will keep a close watch on TVA's cleanup.
highlights: Environmental activist says people affected by coal sludge spill feel misled . Brockovich plans to meet with residents Thursday and Friday to discuss concerns . Residents show her pictures of fly ash piled up two feet high . "I don't think TVA can move fast enough to possibly satisfy these people," she said .
id: 1b122b2e623c6c7070f1ec7269ec11169f3be718
chatgpt: Environmental activist Erin Brockovich spoke out about the impact of a recent coal sludge spill, arguing that those affected feel misled by the Tennessee Valley Authority's (TVA) response. Brockovich, who famously fought against pollution in the town of Hinkley, California in the 1990s, visited Roane County, Tennessee this week to meet with residents and discuss their concerns. "People have been calling me non-stop with worries about how this will affect their health," Brockovich said at a community meeting. "They feel like they've been lied to and misled." The TVA has been grappling with a coal sludge spill at its Kingston Fossil Plant since December 22, when a containment pond ruptured and sent millions of gallons of sludge into nearby Emory River. Officials have said the spill is the largest of its kind, surpassing the Exxon Valdez oil spill in terms of volume. Brockovich, who was portrayed by Julia Roberts in the award-winning 2000 film Erin Brockovich, said she plans to meet with Roane County residents on Thursday and Friday to offer support and advice. Residents say they are concerned about the long-term impact of the spill on their health and environment. Many have reported seeing fly ash, a byproduct of burning coal, piled up two feet high on their properties. "I don't think TVA can move fast enough to possibly satisfy these people," Brockovich said. "They have to start opening their minds and really considering the human impact of their actions." The TVA has said it is working to clean up the spill and minimize its impact on the environment. The agency has also established a claims process to compensate residents for any damages resulting from the spill. However, Brockovich argues that the TVA needs to do more to address the concerns of Roane County residents. "These people have a right to be angry and frustrated," she said. "This spill has affected their lives in a significant way, and they deserve a real solution." Brockovich encouraged residents to document any health problems or property damage they believe are related to the spill, and to contact a lawyer if they feel they are not receiving adequate compensation from the TVA. "We need to hold the TVA accountable for their actions," she said. "And we need to make sure they are doing everything in their power to protect the health and well-being of the people of Roane County."