article: By . Chris Waugh . Follow @@ChrisDHWaugh . Javier Hernandez's strike for Mexico helped seal his country's place in the last 16 of the World Cup - as well as giving the forward a welcome boost of confidence. The 25-year-old endured a frustrating season at Manchester United under David Moyes and his form suffered as a result. But Hernandez's goal after coming on as a substitute contributed to Mexico's 3-1 win over Croatia, a victory which set-up a second round tie with Louis van Gaal's Holland. On the up: Javier Hernandez's goal for Mexico against Croatia gave him 'confidence' Downbeat: Hernandez endured a frustrating season at Old Trafford under David Moyes . Clinical: Hernandez (second right) runs to celebrate after scoring during Mexico's 3-1 win over Croatia . Van Gaal will take over at Old Trafford after the World Cup and he will be able to get a first-hand look at his Mexican forward on Sunday in Fortaleza. 'This is a goal that gives me a lot of confidence,' Hernandez told Mexican newpspaper Record. 'But I'm never going to feel pressured by anything. 'I don't live off goals. I live off enjoying myself, off the confidence I have in myself and something that many people, throughout this year, have not had in me. 'I feel I'm on the right path and I want to continue like this.' The forward is keen to contribute more for Mexico at the World Cup - whether that be as a substitute or as a start. 'I had three very good years with the national team and then one year in which I did not play for my club and I ended up on the bench,' he said. New acquaintance: Hernandez will face new United boss Louis van Gaal (centre) as Mexico play Holland . Familiar: Hernandez will also face United team-mate Robin van Persie in the last 16 of the World Cup . 'One must focus on the present and take it one game at a time. 'We are going to enjoy this win, it was a huge step forward. 'We are not going to wake up lifting the World Cup nor are we going to feel like we did in the qualifying round, feeling we might be ridiculed in this competition. 'We are very humble and respectful. We will think of Holland next.' As well as facing soon-to-be United coach Van Gaal, Hernandez will also go toe-to-toe with his team-mate at Old Trafford, Dutch captain Robin van Persie. Joy: Hernandez (right) celebrates with Mexico team-mate Andres Guardado (left) after scoring . Grounded: Despite their win, Hernandez says Mexico will not get carried away . Van Persie has bagged three World Cup goals already but he sat out Holland's 2-0 victory over Chile after picking up a yellow card in each of his first two matches. Hernandez said: 'It will be a joy. 'He is a team-mate with whom I've experienced two important years. 'I've learned a lot from him, we won a title and it will be very nice to see him again.'
highlights: Hernandez says he does not 'live off goals' but off 'enjoying myself' His goal in Mexico's 3-1 victory over Croatia gave him confidence . The forward endured a frustrating season at United under David Moyes . Hernandez will meet new Old Trafford boss Louis van Gaal in last 16 . He will also face team-mate Robin van Persie when Mexico play Holland .
id: 060762bbfacc300a0a65a3bdbf3a9641d0cee9a9
chatgpt: Javier Hernandez, also known as Chicharito, has been enjoying his time on the pitch and is looking forward to future matches. The Mexican forward is excited to meet his new boss, Louis van Gaal, who took over at Old Trafford after the departure of David Moyes.  Hernandez had a challenging time at Manchester United last season, with limited opportunities and game time under Moyes. However, his career has enjoyed a rebirth in the Mexican national team. His recent goal in Mexico's 3-1 victory over Croatia in the World Cup gave him the confidence he needed to keep pushing forward. When asked about his game philosophy, Hernandez said, "I do not live off goals, but off enjoying myself. Goals are a consequence of doing things well." Hernandez's goal against Croatia was crucial in securing Mexico's place in the knockout stages of the competition. He has been an instrumental player for Mexico, scoring crucial goals and creating opportunities for his teammates. Hernandez will face his Manchester United teammate Robin van Persie when Mexico takes on Holland in the upcoming matches. The two players have a great relationship off the pitch, but they will both be focused on winning the game for their respective teams. It remains to be seen how the two will fare against each other on the field, but it is sure to be an exciting matchup for soccer fans. Hernandez also shared his thoughts on the upcoming game against Holland, saying, "We know it's going to be a very difficult game, they have a great team, but we are ready for the challenge. We have been playing well and we believe in ourselves." With a newfound confidence and his love for the game back, Hernandez is eager to take on his teammates and show what he can do on the global stage. His performance at the World Cup will undoubtedly attract interest from clubs around the world, and he will be looking to continue his impressive displays. It's evident that Hernandez is focused on enjoying himself on the pitch and playing to the best of his ability. With his positive attitude and love for the game, it's no wonder he's become such a fan favorite.  In conclusion, Javier Hernandez has shown that he can still be a vital player for any team. His goal for Mexico in the World Cup gave him the confidence he needed to keep pushing forward. Hernandez will face his Manchester United teammates in the knockout stages of the competition, and he will undoubtedly be looking to make a big impact. With his positive attitude and outstanding performances, Hernandez is quickly becoming one of the standout players of the tournament.