article: A French comedian who joked about the Charlie Hebdo massacres told a court yesterday he 'condemned the attacks without reservation'. Dieudonne M'bala M'bala, 48, was in the dock at the Palais de Justice in central Paris charged with inciting terrorism, as prosecutors called for a fine equivalent to £22,000. But the controversial entertainer denied any wrongdoing and said the case exposed the hypocrisy of a country which 'pretends' to be a bastion of free speech. Comedian: Dieudonne M'bala M'bala appeared to sympathise with terrorist Amedy Coulibaly, who killed four people at a kosher supermarket in Paris last month and also murdered a policewoman . Staff working for the French satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo were targeted for publishing insulting cartoons of the Prophet Muhammad and for insulting Muslims generally. 'Je suis Charlie' (I am Charlie) has since become the French government-backed rallying cry for those who support the magazine, but Dieudonne says this displays double-standards. In a Facebook post last month, he appeared to sympathise with terrorist Amedy Coulibaly, who killed four  people at a kosher supermarket in Paris and also murdered a policewoman. Dieudonne, who has convictions for anti-Semitism, said his humour was no different to Charlie Hebdo's. He wrote: 'Tonight, as far as I'm concerned, I feel like Charlie Coulibaly.' Defence: Dieudonne M'bala M'bala's barrister Sanjay Mirabeau . The comedian told the court yesterday that he 'condemned the attacks without reservation and without any ambiguity'. His defence barrister, Sanjay Mirabeau said Dieudonne's arrest in January was disproportionate, yet it was followed by police questioning more than 70 others for similar alleged crimes. Mr Mirabeau said the case against his client should be thrown out 'because it is the job of humourists to make people laugh'. President Francois Hollande's government ordered a major clampdown on hate speech following the terrorist attacks, which left a total of 20 people dead, including Coulibaly and two other terrorists. Dieudonne drew international attention last year when football star Nicolas Anelka celebrated an English Premiership goal with a salute popularised by the comic which critics said was anti-Semitic. Called a 'quenelle', it has been described as a reverse Nazi salute, and was used by Anelka while he was playing for West Bromwich Albion. Al Qaeda in Yemen claimed responsibility for the Paris attacks, but intelligence officials believe the terror group provided inspiration, rather than any logistical or financial support. Since the attacks, France has deployed 10,000 troops and 120,000 security forces to protect sensitive sites, including synagogues, mosques and travel hubs. Judges today began deliberating on their verdict on the Dieudonne case and it will be handed down at a later date. French comedian Dieudonne M'bala M'bala (left) and his defence barrister Sanjay Mirabeau leaving court on Wednesday . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
highlights: Dieudonne M'bala M'bala was in the dock charged with inciting terrorism . He joked about Charlie Hebdo massacres in a Facebook post last month . French comedian told court he 'condemned attacks without reservation' Government ordered a clampdown on hate speech after terrorist attacks .
id: 7455c608581f7cdc399099990e9537645c7b6082
chatgpt: French comedian Dieudonne M'bala M'bala was recently charged with inciting terrorism after making a controversial joke on Facebook about the Charlie Hebdo massacres. He appeared in court to address these charges and to defend his actions. During the trial, Dieudonne claimed that his comments were taken out of context and that he did not intend to incite violence. He also expressed remorse for any offense caused and stated that he unequivocally condemned the terrorist attacks that shook France in recent years. The comedian's post, published last month, sparked outrage among many who saw it as encouraging the use of violence. The French government has been cracking down on hate speech in the country since the attacks, and Dieudonne's post was seen as contributing to the problem. Dieudonne has a history of making controversial statements. He has been accused of anti-Semitism in the past, and his shows have been banned in many parts of France. However, he has also attracted a strong following, particularly among those who feel marginalized by mainstream French society. The trial has reignited debates about free speech in France. Some have argued that Dieudonne's comments fall under the umbrella of protected speech, while others believe that his remarks constituted a serious threat to public safety. Despite the controversy surrounding Dieudonne, there are those who believe that he should not be punished for his words. After all, they argue, comedy is often intended to be provocative and controversial. However, others argue that there is a line between humor and hate speech, and that Dieudonne's comments crossed that line. The trial has also raised questions about the role of social media in facilitating hate speech. While there are those who argue that platforms like Facebook should take a more active role in monitoring and removing problematic content, others believe that this infringes on freedom of expression. Regardless of the outcome of the trial, it is clear that the issue of hate speech in France is a complex and divisive one. The government will continue to grapple with how to protect public safety while also respecting the rights of individuals to express themselves freely. In the meantime, the debate will continue, and comedians like Dieudonne will continue to push the boundaries of what is acceptable in the realm of comedy.