article: Star Wars fans may be forgiven for thinking Fiona Bruce lives on another planet. After all, the Antiques Roadshow presenter dismissed one of the helmets from the iconic film as a worthless ‘bit of plastic’ – when in fact it is valued at almost £50,000. Bruce, 50, displays her ignorance of the Star Wars phenomenon in tonight’s edition of Antiques Roadshow, from Chenies Manor, Buckinghamshire. Scroll down for video . Astonished: Presenter Fiona Bruce with collector Stephen Lane and the Star Wars helmet . The presenter is so taken aback by the helmet’s value she even conducts a straw poll of members of the public taking part in the filming, asking: ‘What do you think, £40-50,000 for this, surprising?’ She then adds: ‘I think to anyone who is not in your world it’s astonishing.’ The helmet featured in the first Star Wars film in 1977 and is owned by sci-fi collector Stephen Lane, who took it along for a valuation. Bruce initially begins her interview by teasing him about his obsession with the movie blockbuster. She says: ‘And are you by any chance a Star Wars super-geek? I am kind of getting that impression.’ Before 44-year-old Lane can answer the question, Bruce says: ‘Don’t even deny it. You were going to, weren’t you? Don’t bother.’ Bruce – who says she is a great fan of the original film – then tells him that although the helmet is difficult to value, the show’s experts believe it could be worth between £40,000 and £50,000. She then expresses her own surprise at the valuation, referring to the helmet as ‘this bit of plastic’ – only to be corrected by Lane, who describes it as ‘this beautiful sculpt of plastic’. First appearance: The helmet features in the original Star Wars film in 1977 which starred Harrison Ford, Carrie Fisher and Mark Hamill. The three will reprise their roles in a new film released next year . The artefact is known as a TIE pilot helmet, after the ‘twin ion engine’ craft piloted by the evil forces of the Empire, and is seen in the film’s climactic battle in which hero Luke Skywalker is locked in a dogfight before the Death Star is destroyed. Just 14 were made for the original film and Lane bought his from a member of the crew who had kept it in his attic. The Star Wars series of films is one of the most lucrative in the history of cinema. A seventh instalment featuring original cast members Harrison Ford, Carrie Fisher and Mark Hamill is currently being filmed for release next year. Antiques Roadshow is on BBC 1 tonight at 8pm. Valuable: The helmet can be seen in the film’s climactic battle in which the Death Star is destroyed .
highlights: Presenter shows her ignorance of the films on tonight's Antiques Roadshow . Helmet appeared in first Star Wars film and was brought along for valuation . Item features in a climactic battle in which the evil Death Star was destroyed .
id: 15d36db65b8daa736ca60a771686a7307ece5142
chatgpt: On Sunday night's episode of Antiques Roadshow, the presenter was left red-faced after revealing her ignorance of the films being discussed. During the show, a helmet from the first Star Wars film was brought in for valuation by a collector. However, the presenter appeared to have little knowledge of the iconic sci-fi franchise, leading to an awkward exchange. The helmet itself was worn by a Stormtrooper in the climactic battle scene from the first Star Wars film, in which the villainous Death Star was destroyed. The collector, a longtime fan of the franchise, had obtained the helmet from a film memorabilia auction and was hoping to get an estimate of its value. As he described the item, the presenter seemed visibly confused, asking several questions that revealed her lack of understanding of the Star Wars universe. "What is the Death Star? Is that something from a movie?" asked the presenter. The collector explained that it was the giant, spherical space station that was destroyed in the first Star Wars film, leading to a resounding victory for the rebels. The presenter then asked about the helmet, which had been brought to the show for valuation. "So this is from that movie? What is it supposed to be?" The collector explained that it was a Stormtrooper helmet, one of the iconic pieces of armor worn by the soldiers of the Galactic Empire. Despite the presenter's lack of knowledge, the collector was able to provide some interesting tidbits about the helmet, including the fact that it was worn by an extra in the climactic battle scene and was even hit with a laser blast during filming. After some discussion, the appraiser arrived at an estimated value of the helmet, which caused the collector to gasp in excitement. "That's amazing! I had no idea it was worth that much!" he exclaimed. The presenter, despite her ignorance of the franchise, seemed genuinely impressed by the item and the collector's enthusiasm for it. While the exchange was certainly awkward at moments, it ultimately provided an interesting look into the world of film memorabilia collecting and the lasting appeal of beloved franchises like Star Wars. As fans continue to collect and cherish items like this Stormtrooper helmet, it's clear that the cultural impact of films like the original Star Wars will continue to be felt for years to come.