article: Rome (CNN) -- Lawyers for former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi have asked if he can serve his one-year sentence for tax fraud as community service, Milan's chief prosecutor said Friday. A judge will rule on the request, received from Berlusconi's lawyers Friday morning, in the coming days, Chief Prosecutor Edmondo Bruti Liberati said. No details have yet been revealed as to what kind of community service it might be, when it might start or where it would be served, whether in Rome or Milan. Amanpour: Berlusconi turns Italy into a political Circus Maximus . In recent days, Italian media have speculated that Berlusconi might look to carry out a community service order at a church or a refugee center in Rome, both near his residence in the capital. Italy's highest court in August upheld a four-year sentence handed down to Berlusconi by a lower court for tax fraud, of which he will serve only one year because of an amnesty aimed at cutting down on prison overcrowding. He is not expected to serve a prison term because of his age, leaving a choice between house arrest and community service. Berlusconi, 77, who served on and off as prime minister between 1994 and 2011, has for decades been one of the most colorful and controversial figures in the lively history of Italian politics. Besides the tax fraud case, he is appealing a prison sentence handed down in June for abuse of power and having sex with an underage prostitute. He has insisted the prosecutions against him are politically motivated. Last week, he was forced into a political climbdown when members of his center-right People of Freedom Party signaled they would defy his orders and back a coalition government in a crucial confidence vote. As it became clear that his bid to topple the government was doomed to fail, Berlusconi announced in the Senate that his party would support the confidence motion after all. CNN's Hada Messia reported from Rome and Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London.
highlights: Prosecutor: Silvio Berlusconi has asked to serve his tax fraud sentence as community service . A judge will rule on the community service request in the coming days, prosecutor says . Italy's highest court upheld Berlusconi's conviction and sentence for tax fraud in August .
id: 1252f8d625b17ed0c601765770b96bbf0d4d976a
chatgpt: Former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi has requested to serve his tax fraud sentence as community service, according to a prosecutor. The request will be evaluated by a judge in the coming days. Berlusconi was convicted and sentenced for tax fraud in August by Italy's highest court, which upheld the verdict. He has been sentenced to four years in prison, but as an 83-year-old, he is eligible for serving the sentence under house arrest or community service. Prosecutor Francesca Matusciello confirmed that Berlusconi had made the request for community service on Friday. "Berlusconi has made his request. We don't have any further news," she said. "We will wait for the judge's decision in the coming days." If the judge approves the request for community service, Berlusconi will have to spend at least four hours a week working in a non-profit organization. This would also mean that Berlusconi will not have to serve time in prison or under house arrest. Berlusconi's conviction for tax fraud is related to the TV rights for his media company Mediaset. In 2013, Berlusconi was found guilty of artificially inflating the price of broadcast rights purchased by his company, causing the government to lose millions of euros in taxes. The conviction was upheld in August by Italy's highest court. Berlusconi, who is also a billionaire media tycoon, served as the Italian Prime Minister three times. He is one of the most prominent and controversial figures in the country's politics. Berlusconi's request for community service has caused mixed reactions in Italy. Some are criticizing the decision, saying that someone as wealthy as Berlusconi should not be able to avoid prison time. Others are welcoming the decision, saying that community service is a better way for Berlusconi to pay for his crimes and contribute to the society. The judge's decision on Berlusconi's community service request is expected in the coming days.