article: Scotland international Sean Maitland has shocked Glasgow Warriors ahead of their European Rugby Champions Cup match against Bath by announcing he will be joining London Irish next season. Maitland has spent just three years at the Scotstoun club since moving from New Zealand where he had played for the Crusaders but failed to break into the All Blacks set-up. He was immediately fast-tracked into the Scotland national team, which he qualified to play for through his grandfather, and was also picked for the British and Irish Lions at the end of his first season with Glasgow. The 26-year-old winger, who has 15 caps and has scored two tries for Scotland, said: 'I've really enjoyed my time in Glasgow and it's been great being part of the club over the last three years. Since moving to Glasgow I've been selected to play for Scotland and the British & Irish Lions, so I'm grateful to Scottish Rugby for the opportunity to come over here. Sean Maitland will leave Glasgow Warriors in the summer to join London Irish . 'I'm looking forward to my new challenge in London next season, but all my focus will be on the Warriors until then, starting with a massive game against Bath this weekend. 'Having spoken to Bob Casey and Glenn Delaney at London Irish and knowing how Tom Coventry operates as a coach, helped with my decision making. The structure off the field is exceptional and with the appointments that have been made, the Club is clearly striving to get back to the top of the European game and I'm looking forward to being involved in that process.' Glasgow Warriors head coach Gregor Townsend said: 'Sean has played a big role at the club over the last three years and we wish him all the best when he leaves at the end of the season. There is still a lot of rugby to be played between now and then and I'm sure he'll want to leave the club on a high in the summer. Maitland scores a try for the British and Irish Lions during their tour of Australia in 2013 . London Irish operations Director Bob Casey said he was delighted to sign such a proven try-scorer as Maitland who will join his fellow Scotland internationalists Geoff Cross, Blair Cowan and Kieran Low at the club. Casey said: 'Sean is a British and Irish Lion back three player and proven on the International stage. He is the right age, a great character and wants to be a big part of our long term plan. He is another significant signing and further indication that we want to compete with the best in the Aviva Premiership and Europe.'
highlights: Sean Maitland will leave Glasgow Warriors in the summer . The Lions full-back has agreed a 'long-term contract' with London Irish . Maitland has made 15 appearances for Scotland .
id: 842b3b3a36d79bcc395058f12f0e7aa7d7ebb8cc
chatgpt: Scottish rugby player Sean Maitland has announced that he will be leaving Glasgow Warriors at the end of the current season. The popular full-back has agreed to sign a 'long-term contract' with London Irish, signaling the next chapter in his career. Maitland has been a key figure for Glasgow Warriors, making a total of 85 appearances since joining the team in 2012. Although he will undoubtedly be missed by both teammates and fans, Warriors head coach Dave Rennie has wished Maitland all the best as he moves on to a new challenge. "He's been a great servant for the club and we're sad to see him go, but also excited for him as he embarks on a new adventure with London Irish," Rennie explained. Maitland, who was born in New Zealand but is eligible to play for Scotland through his grandparents, has represented Scotland on 15 occasions. He was also selected to play for the British and Irish Lions during their tour of Australia in 2013, and went on to play in all three test matches. Commenting on his decision to join London Irish, Maitland said: "I'm really excited to be joining London Irish next season. The club has a great history and tradition, and I'm looking forward to being a part of it." London Irish Director of Rugby Nick Kennedy also expressed his excitement at the signing of Maitland, praising his experience and leadership qualities. "Sean is a top quality player with a wealth of experience at the highest level of the game. He's a natural leader on and off the field, and I'm confident that he'll have a hugely positive impact on our team and our club as a whole," Kennedy commented. London Irish currently play in the English Premiership, and are currently sitting in 10th place in the league table. Maitland's signing is sure to boost the team as they look to climb the ranks and establish themselves as a major force in English rugby. With the current season still underway, Maitland will be focusing on finishing strongly with Glasgow Warriors before turning his attention to his new club next season. And with his experience and talent, there's no doubt that he will prove to be an invaluable asset to London Irish.