article: Washington (CNN) -- Recognizing that the "Internet of 2012 is vastly different from a decade ago," the Federal Trade Commission on Wednesday announced changes to strengthen privacy for children online "in this ever-changing technological landscape." The revisions to the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act, also known as the COPPA Rule, which was originally passed in 1998, will make it more difficult for children's personal data to be collected by mobile phone apps, smartphones and tablets. Parents will have greater control over the information that websites and online services can collect from children under 13. Apps, or applications, are software programs that mobile phone users can purchase and install on their devices. "The new COPPA rule captures the new online reality... and puts companies on notice that they must comply with the law," said Sen. Jay Rockefeller, chairman of the Committee on Commerce, Science and Transportation. Rockefeller, D-West Virginia, told reporters at a Capitol Hill news conference that he's been "stewing inside" about this issue for a while, and he warned that third parties will be held liable for personal information they collect from children. He said third parties also will be held liable "if they know they are collecting information on websites or apps directed toward children." The FTC says one of the proposals will "close a loophole that allowed kid-directed apps and websites to permit third parties to collect personal information from children through plug-ins (software) without parental notice and consent." "Parents should be the gatekeepers to decide whether others can collect information," said FTC Chairman Jon Leibowitz. A recent report by the FTC found that only 20 percent of the apps linked to general disclosure information or a privacy policy before the app was downloaded. Many of the apps shared certain information with third parties, such as device ID, geolocation or phone number without disclosing that fact to parents, the FTC said. Companies could potentially develop detailed profiles about children without a parent's knowledge or consent. The commission will require website operators and online service providers "take reasonable steps to release children's personal information only to companies that are capable of keeping it secure and confidential." Another amendment would "modify the list of 'personal information' that cannot be collected without parental notice and consent." "FTC stands for something," said Rep. Ed Markey, D-Massachusetts, a proponent for updated protection rules. "Today FTC stands for 'For The Children' across the country." Common Sense Media, an organization that provides families with information about kids, media and technology, applauded the new regulations. "These COPPA updates will provide a stern reminder to companies and developers that they need to do more to build a trustworthy online space for kids and families and ensure that kids can benefit from tech innovation without exploitation," said James Steyer, Common Sense Media CEO. The amendments will go into effect on July 1, 2013. CNN's Todd Sperry contributed to this report.
highlights: Changes to children's privacy act target the collection of personal data by apps . Rules are intended to give parents more control over their children's information . Only 20% of apps explain what data are collected before download, FTC says .
id: 9bf1cd8ef3f8f62d72e9d29ef9c3e0fd2054c872
chatgpt: The United States Federal Trade Commission (FTC) has recently announced modifications to the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) aimed at increasing the transparency surrounding the collection of data by mobile apps geared towards children. The updates are expected to give parents greater control over their children's personal information. According to the FTC, only 20% of apps aimed at children provide information on the data the app collects even before download. The FTC is especially concerned with personal information such as a child's name, geolocation data and contact information used in targeted advertising, beyond the established safety concerns for children online. The updates to the COPPA will now require app developers to provide greater transparency surrounding the collection of data, including personal data. Developers are expected to notify parents of the type of data collected, as well as provide parental consent before collecting any personal information from children under the age of 13. In a statement released by the FTC, it is expected that, "The amended Rule clarifies the definition of ‘personal information’ by adding geolocation information, photos, and videos to the list of data requiring parental notification and consent before being collected from children.” Privacy experts consider this update a welcoming move towards the right direction. Larry Magid, CEO at the nonprofit ConnectSafely and host of the SafeKids Talk Radio podcast, expressed that "This updated COPPA rule will empower parents to make more informed decisions about the apps their kids use and the data these apps may collect,". Industry stakeholders are also welcoming the changes, however, they do have concerns over the impact of the updates on small businesses. App developers are expected to make modifications and draw up new privacy notices, which for small developers with limited resources, may prove to be a challenge. However, the FTC has made procedural adjustments to alleviate the burden of compliance by SMEs. These include simplifications in the method of obtaining parental consent, and the types of platforms that must comply. Tech companies that have already established themselves as COPPA compliant such as Google, Amazon and Disney released statements in support of the update. According to Amazon, "We welcome today's COPPA update which will strengthen protections for children and their privacy online,”. It is hoped that the updates help motivate mobile app developers to invest more in creating apps that are safe for children and provide transparent and accurate information about data collection. The FTC expects that the updates will ultimately result in a safer and more transparent online environment for children. The changes to the COPPA rule are scheduled to take effect on July 1, 2020. With this deadline, app developers have until then to comply.