article: BOGOTA, Colombia (CNN)  -- Colombian police foiled a plot by Marxist guerrillas to assassinate the nation's defense minister, according to President Alvaro Uribe. Colombian President Alvaro Uribe says authorities foiled an assassination plot against the country's defense chief. Ten guerrillas dressed as police planned to infiltrate the family farm of Defense Minister Juan Manuel Santos over Easter week and kill the official and his family, Uribe said Thursday on national television. The guerrillas, who belong to the FARC, the Spanish acronym for Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia, were captured, Uribe said. Uribe thanked and congratulated federal authorities, saying, "This investigation had been proceeding for several months, and fortunately the National Police has dealt this well-placed blow." Police Director Oscar Naranjo said eight of the guerrillas were captured at a property near Santos' farm in the municipality of Anapoima, 54 miles (87 kilometers) from Bogota, the capital. Officials did not reveal where the other two guerillas were captured. The FARC, the largest and oldest guerrilla group in Colombia, has been waging war against the government since the 1960s. Security analysts have said the FARC has about 9,000 to 12,000 armed guerillas and several thousand supporters, mostly in rural areas. The guerrilla group operates mostly in Colombia but has carried out extortion, kidnappings and other activities in Venezuela, Panama and Ecuador, analysts said. The guerrilla group is known to pull off audacious operations, sometimes dressed as police, soldiers or other government officials. On April 11, 2002, a 20-member commando group dressed in police and military uniforms faked a bomb alert at the parliament building in Cali, Colombia's third-largest city. They tricked 12 congressmen into getting on a bus by telling them the military provided it for their safety. They then drove off, taking the congressmen into captivity. Eleven of those congressmen died in June 2007 during a shootout between military and the FARC. The sole surviving congressman, who was released in February, said the FARC shot the hostages when the soldiers approached.
highlights: Plot was against Defense Minister Juan Manuel Santos, president says . Ten guerrillas planned to kill Santos' family, President Alvaro Uribe says . Members of the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia were captured, Uribe says .
id: 66cb993a1c73d34717cc96f7a4c111bf632166f5
chatgpt: Bogota, Colombia - A deadly plot against the country's Defense Minister Juan Manuel Santos has been thwarted, according to Colombia's President Alvaro Uribe. Ten guerrillas from the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC) were captured as they planned to kill Santos' family, Uribe revealed on Monday. The president addressed the nation to provide details of the foiled assassination attempt. He stated that the country's intelligence agencies had intercepted communication of FARC planning to kill the defense minister's family. Santos, who has been integral in the military campaign against the FARC, was not the intended target himself. Uribe commended the country's intelligence agencies and military for their efforts in capturing the members of the FARC. He stated that the captured guerrillas confessed to being part of a larger plan to kill government officials. "The FARC has tried to break us with barbarism and we have responded with courage and intelligence," the president said in his address. The Colombian government has been fighting a long battle against the FARC, which has resulted in numerous attacks, kidnappings, and killings. However, the capture of the ten guerrillas is being viewed as a major victory against the group, which has been designated as a terrorist organization in several countries. Santos, who is a prominent figure in Colombian politics, has been acting as the country's defense minister since 2006. He had previously served as the country's finance minister and foreign trade minister. The plot against Santos' family has caused concern among the country's citizens, who have been extended the government's reassurance of their safety. Uribe also stated that the government and security agencies are committed to ensuring the safety and security of all Colombians. "The security of all Colombians is the government's top priority," the president said. The ten captured guerrillas have been taken into custody for questioning and further investigation to determine whether they have any involvement in other plots or attacks. The incident has brought the issue of the country's ongoing battle against the FARC back in the spotlight, as the government continues efforts to eliminate the group's influence and control in Colombia.