article: By . Rob Cooper . UPDATED: . 05:01 EST, 28 November 2011 . Go grease lightning: Theft of chip fat oil has soared as it is a cheap alternative to diesel . Thieves are stealing cooking oil from takeaways and restaurants to power converted cars. Theft of the oil has soared in the UK as the price of petrol at the pumps has increased. The crime, common in the United States and Canada, is relatively new to Britain. Converting a car engine to run on . vegetable fat costs around £200 but the money can quickly be recouped . because buying the oil from supermarkets works out cheaper than . filling up at the forecourt. It is possible to convert used cooking . oil to a fuel which can power any car capable of running on bio-diesel, . although the 'home brew' equipment costs up to £1,200. To operate most effectively the car ideally needs to have a diesel engine and will be around a decade old. Sergeant Stuart Gunstone, a neighbourhood police officer in Ware, Hertfordshire, said there has been a recent spate of thefts in his area. 'Until now I haven't been made aware of it being a problem in the UK,' he said. 'It seems to be a specific group of offenders targeting a specific area. The problem is a lot of places leave their back doors open because it gets hot in the kitchen.' In the latest raid, at a fish and chip shop in Ware, four tubs of used fat worth £80 were stolen. Two other shops have also been targeted in thefts police believe are linked. Fresh oil from the supermarket is exempt from VAT if sold as a foodstuff but an alcohol additive needs to be mixed in if it is to be used as fuel. Fueling the future? A home brew kit to convert used cooking oil so that it can power a vehicle costs around £1,200 . A few years ago the law changed to encourage people to experiment with new forms of fuel, meaning a motorist who uses less than 2,500 litres of chip fat fuel each year - 50 litres a week - wasn't required to pay any tax or duty. Excise duty would have to be paid on any fuel above that limit at a discounted rate below the 20p standard charge. The Centre For Alternative Technology runs courses in engine conversion and 'home-brewing' bio-diesel using chip fat and vegetable oil. Experts say if all the conversion work is done properly, it should not reduce the performance of the car. The 'home brewing' of vegetable oil takes around two days to complete and there's an element of risk. Iit involves adding alcohol and leaving the mixture to stand overnight, removing glycerine - an unwanted by-product of the chemical reaction - and then 'washing' the remaining liquid with water to remove impurities. In cold weather, bio-diesel is more prone to freezing. Using vegetable oil may invalidate the warranty with some manufacturers.
highlights: Thieves target takeaways in Ware, Hertfordshire, in raids police believe are linked . Cooking oil crime has risen as petrol prices increase .
id: 26941a836850702f58d0e2cb87645d557fbda5a2
chatgpt: The town of Ware in Hertfordshire has been hit by a series of takeaway restaurant break-ins, which police believe are linked. In recent weeks, thieves have targeted Indian, Chinese, and fast food restaurants, stealing cash and cooking oil. Cooking oil has become an increasingly targeted commodity in recent years, and crime rates have risen as petrol prices have gone up. Restaurants commonly store large quantities of expensive cooking oil on their premises, and thieves have taken advantage of this by stealing oil in the middle of the night. Detective Chief Inspector John Smith from the Ware Police Station says that the recent break-ins are a cause for concern, and that police are working hard to catch the culprits. "We are currently investigating a number of incidents where takeaway restaurants have been broken into by thieves who are targeting cash and cooking oil," he says. "We believe the crimes are linked, and we are doing everything we can to catch those responsible." Smith has warned restaurant owners in the area to be extra vigilant and take steps to protect their premises. This includes installing additional security measures such as CCTV cameras, alarm systems, and strengthening doors and windows. One local restaurant owner, who did not wish to be named, says that he has been the victim of cooking oil theft in the past. "It's a real problem. We store large quantities of oil on the premises and it's expensive to replace if it's stolen," he says. "We've had to install CCTV cameras and make other security upgrades to try and deter thieves, but it's a constant battle." While cooking oil theft may seem like a relatively minor crime, it can have serious consequences for restaurant owners. Cooking oil is a vital ingredient in the preparation of many dishes, and without it, restaurants may have to close temporarily, resulting in lost business and revenue. The rise in cooking oil crime is just one example of how rising petrol prices are affecting communities across the country. As fuel prices continue to climb, criminals are finding new ways to make a profit, and businesses are having to take extra precautions to protect their assets. Other common forms of fuel-related crime include petrol siphoning, where thieves steal fuel from vehicles, and domestic oil theft, where heating oil is stolen from homes. These crimes can have a devastating impact on individuals and businesses, and police are urging people to be extra vigilant. In the case of the takeaways in Ware, police are appealing for anyone who may have information about the recent break-ins to come forward. "If you saw anything suspicious in the early hours of the morning, or have any information that could help our investigation, please get in touch," says Smith. "We are determined to catch these thieves and put a stop to this crime wave." In the meantime, restaurant owners in the area are being advised to take extra precautions to protect their businesses. While cooking oil theft may seem like a relatively minor crime, it is becoming increasingly common and can have serious consequences. By taking steps to increase security, businesses can help to deter thieves and prevent further losses.