article: By . Daniel Miller . PUBLISHED: . 13:06 EST, 10 October 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 13:07 EST, 10 October 2013 . A father whose wife and three children were killed in a suspected arson attack said his 'heart was crying' as he thanked mourners for attending a funeral service. An estimated 7,000 people gathered in Leicester’s Spinney Hill Park to pay their respects to the memory of Shehnila Taufiq, 47, and her three teenage children, Zainab, Bilal and Jamil. Mrs Taufiq’s husband, Dr Muhammad Taufiq Al Sattar, was among those who addressed the half-hour service, thanking mourners and police for their support since the deaths of his wife and children. Grief: Dr Muhammad Taufiq Al Sattar speaks at the funeral service for his wife and three children who were killed in a suspected arson attack . Speaking during the service, Dr . Sattar, who works in Dublin as a neurosurgeon, told mourners: 'It’s a . sad day, my heart is crying. 'I would like to thank all of you for coming. 'I . know our hearts are breaking but all the brothers and sisters are with . me, everybody from Leicester from all denominations, outside Leicester . and throughout the world.' An estimated 7,000 people gathered in Leicester's Spinney Hill Park to . pay their respects to the memory of Shehnila Taufiq, 47, and her three . teenage children, Zainab, Bilal and Jamil . Dr Al Sattar (centre) talks to the press following the half-hour long service . The . funeral prayers, taking place ahead of a burial service in Dublin at . the weekend, were open to the public so that members of the local . community could attend. Shehnila, 47, daughter Zainab, 19, and . sons Bilal, 17, and  15-year-old Jamil were killed in a fire at their home in Leicester when Mr Sattar was working away in . Dublin. Seven people have been charged with murdering the four family members, who died in the blaze at their home in Wood Hill, Leicester, on September 13. Devastated: Dr Al Sattar lost his sons Bilal Taufiq Sattar (left)  and Jamal (right) and their mother Shehnila in the Leicester house fire . The family were found dead in upstairs bedrooms after the fire at Wood Hill in Leicester . Speaking last month, Dr Al Sattar said his devout  Muslim faith had ‘been tested’, but he was able to draw comfort from the belief that his family are now ‘in paradise’. Shaun Carter, 24, Jackson Powell, 19, and Nathaniel Mullings, also 19, as well as a 16-year-old, who cannot be named for legal reasons, face four charges of murder in relation to the fire in the early hours of Friday, September 13. Kemo Porter, 18, has also been charged with four counts of murder in relation to the blaze. Sorry we are unable to accept comments for legal reasons.
highlights: Shehnila Taufiq, 47, and children Jamal, . 15, Bilal, 17, and Zainab,19 were killed in the house fire in Wood Hill, Leicester . Husband and father Dr Muhammad Taufiq Al Sattar, was working in Ireland . He said thanked an estimated 7,000 mourners for attending the service . Five people have been charged with murder in relation to the fire .
id: 60c63d4e04694e08d8f50f4275cd234231bdb670
chatgpt: Dr. Muhammad Taufiq Al Sattar, who lost his wife and three children in a house fire in Wood Hill, Leicester last month, thanked over 7,000 mourners who attended the funeral service on Monday. The service was held at the Jame'ah Mosque in the city and was broadcast via loudspeakers outside to accommodate the large crowd. Dr. Al Sattar, who was working as a neurosurgeon in Dublin at the time of the tragedy, arrived in Leicester on Sunday to attend the funeral. In an emotional address to the mourners, he thanked them for their support and kind words following the devastating loss of his wife Shehnila Taufiq, 47, and their children Jamal, 15, Bilal, 17, and Zainab, 19. The family's deaths have shocked the community, with tributes pouring in from across the country. The tragedy unfolded in the early hours of September 13th when a fire started at the Taufiq family home in Wood Hill. Despite the best efforts of emergency services, Mrs Taufiq and her children were unable to escape the blaze and tragically lost their lives. Five people have been charged with murder in relation to the fire, including two men aged 19 and 20 who appeared at Leicester Magistrates' Court last week. A 16-year-old boy who was also arrested on suspicion of murder has been released on bail pending further enquiries. Two women, aged 19 and 20, have been released on bail until a date in October. While the news of the charges has been welcomed by the community, it has done little to ease the pain felt by Dr Al Sattar and his family. The father of the deceased children has said that he is struggling to come to terms with the tragic loss and has called for the community to come together to help one another through this difficult time. In a statement released last week, Dr Al Sattar said that his family had moved to the UK to escape violence and religious persecution in Pakistan. He said that they had found a new home in Leicester and that his wife had been studying for a PhD in law at the University of Leicester. The loss of the Taufiq family has touched the hearts of people around the world, with donations and messages of support flooding in from as far afield as America and Australia. A fund set up to support Dr Al Sattar has raised almost £400,000 to date, with the money set to be used to support his work with victims of violent crime. While the funeral service may have provided some small comfort to Dr Al Sattar and his family, the pain of their loss will be felt for years to come. The outpouring of support from the community, however, has shown that they are not alone in their grief and that the memory of Shehnila Taufiq and her children will live on in the hearts of those who knew them.