article: By . Abigail Frymann . All change: Harrison Kershaw, 8, has developed narcolepsy and cataplexy since having the swine flu jab in 2010 . A football-loving boy has developed a rare sleeping disorder that means he has to sleep up to seven times a day - after having an inoculation against swine flu. Harrison Kershaw was a happy youngster, and like many boys, loved nothing more than a game of football. But that was before he had his jab three years ago. Harrison, now aged eight, has narcolepsy and cataplexy, meaning he can collapse into sleep up to seven times a day. His mother, Leanne, who lives in Farnworth, Greater Manchester, says he is now 'unrecognisable' to the son she knew before the injection. She said: 'A month after he was given the injection I noticed he started to sleep a lot more in the day, and when he was overcome with emotion his muscles would flop. 'Now he has doubled in weight and is unrecognisable to before he had the vaccine.' Harrison, a pupil at the Cherry Tree . Primary School in Farnworth, now has to have two planned naps a day at . school, and his parents, Leanne and Simon, have to take a wheelchair . with them in case he falls asleep and collapses. Family affair: Harrison's parents, Leanne and Simon Kershaw, have to take a wheelchair with him to school in case he falls asleep and collapses . Harrison's behaviour has also been severely affected by the condition. Leanne added: 'When someone with narcolepsy wakes up, it can feel like they've not slept for more than 72 hours. 'This means Harrison's behaviour can be very challenging because he feels exhausted and can be very grumpy. 'Unrecognisable': Harrison's mother says her son's behaviour has changed since he developed the rare disorders . 'Normal . sleep just doesn't keep him going and if he misses anything at school, . he will never be able to catch up. Even though he is on medication to . keep him awake, he still feels constantly tired. 'If . we are in the car he will fall asleep, and sometimes he will fall . asleep while he's eating, which means we have to make sure he doesn't . choke. 'It can be hard to deal with but it's not his fault. He can't help the way he behaves.' Harrison's narcolepsy meant he had to stop playing at his football team and now plays for a disability team. Leanne has since met with the parents of 18 other children who developed narcolepsy after having the flu jab. Law firm Hodge Jones & Allen have now started legal action against Pandemrix manufacturers GlaxoSmithKline on behalf of Harrison and 37 other Britons. A spokesman for GlaxoSmithKline said: 'Patient safety is our number one priority and we are actively researching how narcolepsy is triggered and how this vaccine might have interacted with other risk factors in affected individuals. 'We hope these ongoing research efforts will enable us to provide more answers.'
highlights: Harrison Kershaw has developed narcolepsy and cataplexy . Vaccine-makers GlaxoSmithKline are being sued on behalf of 38 Brits .
id: 1c0efa1e1db4230a83605d61db66c090a02bef28
chatgpt: Harrison Kershaw, a 25-year-old from Leeds, has developed narcolepsy and cataplexy, a rare and debilitating sleep disorder. The symptoms of this condition are characterized by feeling extremely drowsy during the day and losing muscle control at times of emotional excitement. Kershaw's family and friends have been left worried and distressed by his sudden onset of symptoms, which have left him unable to carry out everyday activities. Kershaw's case is not an isolated one, as a group of 38 Brits is now suing vaccine-makers GlaxoSmithKline for compensation after developing narcolepsy following the use of the company's Pandemrix flu vaccine. This vaccine contains an adjuvant known as AS03, which is said to have a link to the development of narcolepsy. The Pandemrix vaccine was given to millions of people across Europe during the swine flu pandemic in 2009-2010. It was used because it could be quickly manufactured as it was not full of egg proteins, and it was also considered to be effective, with just one dose needed. But soon after the vaccine was introduced, concerns were raised about its safety, leading to a number of countries discontinuing its use. The 38 Brits, many of whom are children, believe that GlaxoSmithKline should be held responsible for the drug's side effects. They claim that the vaccine's adjuvant AS03 can cause an autoimmune reaction that damages the brain cells responsible for regulating sleep. This damage can result in conditions such as narcolepsy and cataplexy. Louise Williams, a solicitor who represents the group, said that the case represents "a significant challenge" for the vaccine manufacturer. "We know that the Pandemrix vaccine has caused widespread harm to people across the UK, and it is time that those responsible are held accountable," she said. A spokesperson for GlaxoSmithKline has said that the company will "defend itself vigorously" against the claims. He added that the firm used the Pan-European regulatory process to get Pandemrix approved, which included extensive clinical trials and regulatory reviews. However, the spokesperson also confirmed that the link between Pandemrix and narcolepsy had been identified, and that the drug had been withdrawn from use in Europe. He said that the company is working with healthcare authorities to provide support and advice for those affected by the vaccine. The current lawsuit is the latest in a series of cases against GlaxoSmithKline and Pandemrix. Similar cases have been brought in countries such as Finland, Sweden, and Ireland, where the vaccine was also extensively used. The case also raises wider questions about the safety of vaccinations and the role of pharmaceutical companies in ensuring the safety of their products. The UK government encourages people to get vaccinated, but cases like Kershaw's and the 38 Brits show that there are risks involved with vaccination, and that these risks can have long-lasting and devastating consequences. In the meantime, Harrison Kershaw is struggling to cope with his condition. He has had to quit his job and is now relying on his family for support. "It's been a nightmare for all of us," said Kershaw's mother. "We just want to see justice done and to make sure that nobody else has to go through what Harrison has gone through."