article: By . Alex Gore . PUBLISHED: . 12:39 EST, 10 February 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 12:40 EST, 10 February 2013 . No circus in the UK will feature performing lions or tigers for the first time in living memory this year. The milestone follows new restrictions on circuses using animals coming into force last month ahead of an outright ban. The last big top to feature big cats, the Great British Circus, has moved its tigers to an operator in Ireland, as the travelling circus season gets under way. Big top: Martin Lacey performs with lion at the Great British Circus, which no longer uses big cats . Animals have been used in circuses since the 18th Century and around 20 were using them in 2000. But the Coalition has promised to fulfill the previous Government's pledge and outlaw it altogether. The restrictions implemented so far force circuses to fulfill various licensing conditions, including regular veterinary visits and 'retirement plans for the animals'. Only two companies have applied for licences - to keep camels, zebras and reindeer - since the new rules were introduced. Milestone: This Bengal tiger will not be featuring this year at the Great British Circus . The first modern circus to feature animals was in 1768, when horses were used. Exotic animals from around the world were added as the British Empire expanded. Mane attraction: Lions and tigers were being used to advertising the Great British Circus in 2008 . Animal rights campaigners have hailed the milestone as the beginning of the end forthe use of wild animals in UK circuses. Animal Defenders International chief executive Jan Creamer told The Observer: 'There has been enough evidence, enough consultations, all the experts agree - putting large cats and other exotic animals in tiny cages and beating them to perform tricks to entertain people is unacceptable in modern society. The day of the animal circus is over.' But David Jamieson, editor of King Pole circus magazine, said there are good examples of trainers on treating animals very well in Europe, where they are still a popular attraction. He added: 'They're doing very interesting displays. It's not the old old style of a man with a whip and a chair. 'These are sensitive displays that show the animals' affection for humans and humans' affections for animals.' The Great British Circus sent its tigers to Courtney Brothers Circus in Ireland, which made headlines last year when one of its elephants escaped and ran through Cork, and one of its trainers was later crushed by open of the animals. The loss of toges and lions also follows the prosecution of Bobby Robers last year. He became the first circus owner to be found guilty under the Animal Welfare Act for mistreating an elephant. Only around five of Britain's 30 travelling big tops use animals, with aerobatics taken more of the limelight.
highlights: The last big top in Britain to feature big cats has moved its tigers to Ireland . Only two circuses have applied for animal licences following new restrictions . Animal rights campaigners have been hailing the milestone as a victory .
id: c5edddcd608c0a92418fa745282819e2cc824835
chatgpt: The last remaining big top in Britain to feature big cats has made the decision to relocate its tigers to Ireland. The move comes as new restrictions on the use of animals in circuses have come into effect, resulting in a drastic decline in the number of circuses operating in the UK. Following the introduction of the new regulations, only two circuses have applied for animal licences. The move has been welcomed by animal rights campaigners, who have hailed the milestone as a victory for animal welfare. The process of relocating the tigers from the circus to their new home in Ireland was a carefully planned and executed operation. The big cats were transported in specially designed vehicles and were accompanied by a team of experienced veterinary professionals. The decision to relocate the tigers to Ireland was made after the circus was forced to make the difficult decision to cease its big cat performances due to the new regulations. The circus had featured tigers in its shows for many years, but the welfare of the animals was always a top priority. Animal rights campaigners have been calling for a complete ban on the use of animals in circuses for many years, citing the cruel and unnatural conditions that captive animals are forced to endure. The new regulations, which restrict the use of animals in circuses to only those that are deemed to be essential to the show, have been welcomed as a significant step forward in the fight for animal welfare. The move to relocate the tigers to Ireland has been welcomed by animal welfare organisations, who have praised the decision to give the animals a better life in more natural surroundings. The tigers will be housed in a specially designed sanctuary in Ireland, where they will be able to enjoy more space and natural surroundings. The decision to relocate the tigers to Ireland is also a sign of a changing attitude towards the use of animals in entertainment. Circus operators have been under increasing pressure in recent years to improve the welfare of animals used in their shows, and many have chosen to phase out animal performances altogether in response to public opinion. The two circuses that have applied for animal licences under the new regulations are also facing stricter scrutiny than ever before. Inspectors will be closely monitoring animal welfare standards to ensure that the animals are treated with the respect and dignity they deserve. This latest development in the campaign for animal welfare highlights the growing awareness of the public and the need for greater consideration of animal welfare in entertainment. The relocation of the tigers to Ireland is a positive development for animal rights campaigners, and a sign that a more compassionate and ethical approach to animal welfare is gaining ground in the UK.