article: Harare, Zimbabwe (CNN) -- South African leader Jacob Zuma was in neighboring Zimbabwe this week to rescue the seemingly crumbling power-sharing government of President Robert Mugabe and Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai. The South African president's visit Friday to the capital, Harare, follows escalating tensions between the two leaders, with Tsvangirai this week taking Mugabe to court for making unilateral decisions in the 21-month-old government. After a more than six-hour meeting with Mugabe and Tsvangirai, who have not been on speaking terms for close to a month, Zuma said he had managed to break the impasse between the two. "We have met and we have had successful consultations on a number of issues," Zuma told journalists. "They were small issues. There had been a breakdown of communication with the leaders of the government which have been resolved, and meetings will resume." Zuma joked and smiled with journalists, but that was not the case with Mugabe and Tsvangirai, who remained tense throughout the short press briefing. They refused to talk to journalists as they separately left the meetings. "No comment. No comment. Talk to the mediator, President Zuma," Tsvangirai told journalists about how his meeting with Zuma and Mugabe went. Mugabe just waved to reporters before he jumped into his car. Zuma -- who was appointed by regional leaders to monitor Zimbabwe's fragile coalition government and mediate -- said he would brief his counterparts in the 15-member Southern African Development Community (SADC) about the tension in Zimbabwe. The friction between Zimbabwe's leaders worsened this week when Tsvangirai went to court to reverse unilateral appointments Mugabe made of senior government officials such as attorney general and several diplomats. Mugabe was ordered in August to reverse all unilateral decisions he has made, but that has failed to happen, leading Tsvangirai to abandon recent cabinet meetings.
highlights: President Robert Mugabe and Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai are at odds . South African President Jacob Zuma went to Zimbabwe to mediate . He says he had successful consultations on a number of issues .
id: 716783070e9bad889eacfd56de79ce97b964c284
chatgpt: South African President Jacob Zuma recently traveled to Zimbabwe to mediate the ongoing conflict between President Robert Mugabe and Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai. The two leaders have been at odds for some time, with tensions rising in recent months. Zuma's visit was aimed at helping to broker a solution that would bring the two sides together. According to Zuma, his consultations with both leaders were successful. "We had good discussions on a number of issues related to the political situation in Zimbabwe," he said in a statement. "I am encouraged by the openness and willingness of both President Mugabe and Prime Minister Tsvangirai to engage in constructive dialogue." Zuma's visit comes amid growing concerns about the stability of the country's fragile coalition government. Mugabe's ZANU-PF party and Tsvangirai's MDC-T party have been sharing power since 2009, but the arrangement has been far from smooth. The two sides have clashed repeatedly, and there are fears that the fragile unity government could collapse. One of the key issues at the heart of the conflict is the pace of constitutional reforms. Tsvangirai has accused Mugabe's party of stalling on the issue, while Mugabe has accused Tsvangirai of rushing the process. Zuma's mediation efforts are aimed at finding a compromise that will satisfy both sides. There was no immediate word on what specific proposals were discussed during Zuma's visit. However, both Mugabe and Tsvangirai have expressed their gratitude for Zuma's intervention. "We are pleased that President Zuma has taken the time to visit us and to listen to our concerns," Mugabe said. "We look forward to continuing our discussions with him in the weeks ahead." Tsvangirai echoed Mugabe's sentiments, saying that he was encouraged by the progress made during Zuma's visit. "We remain committed to working with President Mugabe and his party to overcome the challenges facing our country," he said. "We believe that, with the help of our friends in the region, we can build a brighter future for all Zimbabweans."