article: By . Francesca Chambers . A third of Americans think Congress should impeach President Barack Obama, polls released today show. Left-leaning publication the Huffington Post along with polling partner YouGov and right-leaning polling company Rasmussen Reports came up with roughly the same percent of Americans who think Congress should bring formal charges against the president in separate polls that were released this morning. The poll-takers also found that 68 and 58 percent of Republicans, respectively, think the president should be impeached. Give him the boot: A third of Americans think Congress should formally bring charges against President Barack Obama . A third of Americans who took the Huffpost/YouGov poll said Congress should impeach President Obama . Congressional leadership has no intention . of drawing up articles of impeachment for Obama, but a lawsuit the . House plans to bring against the president for 'making his own laws' has stirred up impeachment talk. House Speaker John Boehner has repeatedly said the lower chamber's lawsuit, which is centered on Obamacare, is about reigning in the president, not kicking him out of office. However, far-right Republicans - including former Alaska Governor Sarah Palin, have argued that impeachment would send a clearer message to nation's executive. 'You don’t bring a lawsuit to a gunfight and there’s no room for lawyers on our front lines,' Palin told Fox News last Tuesday. 'Washington is broken. If people are about the future of this country . and defense of our republic, they will join this cause of articles of . impeachment against Obama because enough is enough,' she continued. Boehner and other congressional Republicans who have been asked about impeachment say the House's lawsuit is a better long-term strategy to preventing presidents moving forward - not just Obama -  from going around Congress to enact their own laws. 'The path that we're going is the right one to defend our institution against the encroachment from the Executive Branch and to preserve the Constitution of our country as it was written and as it was intended,' Boehner told reporters last Thursday. A total of 26 percent of respondents to the Huffpost/YouGov poll who said they were not Republicans said Congress should impeach the president . While the battle cry for impeachment is coming primarily from Republicans, some Democrats and more than a third of independents took the HuffPost/YouGov poll also think Obama has gone too far and needs be punished by Congress. Overall, 26 percent of people who do not self-identify as Republicans said Obama should be impeached. Rasmussen found that 87 percent of Democrats think Congress shouldn't bring charges against the president. Americans who didn't identify with either of the two major political parties were split, with 52 percent giving impeachment a thumbs down. The conservative polling company also found that respondents were divided on whether it would be bad for the country if some members of Congress tried to impeach the president, 52 percent, and that only a third of Republicans, 32 percent, thought it would be bad for their political party if it pursued impeachment.
highlights: Two separate polls released today found that a third of Americans think Congress should impeach the president . The polls also found that the majority of Republicans, 58 percent and 68 percent, respectively, think President Obama should be impeached . Congress has no plans to impeach the president but a lawsuit House Republicans are bringing against Obama has fueled discussion about impeachment .
id: 45982213365eac579382d0a868a8d354e8d69755
chatgpt: According to two recently released polls, approximately one-third of Americans believe that Congress should impeach President Obama. Additionally, the majority of Republicans polled - 58% and 68%, respectively - also believe that the President should be impeached. Despite these findings, Congress currently has no plans to impeach Obama. However, a lawsuit that House Republicans are bringing against the President has reignited discussions about the possibility of impeachment. One of the polls was conducted by Rasmussen Reports, which found that 32% of likely voters believe that Obama should be impeached and removed from office. This is up from 29% in a similar poll conducted in February. The Rasmussen poll was conducted just days after House Speaker John Boehner announced that he plans to sue Obama for exceeding his constitutional powers. The second poll, conducted by YouGov.com in conjunction with the Huffington Post, found that 35% of Americans believe that Obama should be impeached. The polling also highlighted the partisan divide, with 68% of Republicans and 14% of Democrats supporting impeachment. The discussion of impeachment gained steam after Boehner announced the lawsuit against Obama, with some suggesting that the lawsuit was a step towards impeachment. However, Boehner himself has been cautious about advocating for impeachment, which is a politically divisive and potentially unpopular move. Republicans who support impeachment claim that Obama has overstepped his constitutional authority by moving forward with immigration reform, implementing the Affordable Care Act, and using executive orders to enact policies that Republicans believe should be decided by Congress. They also cite the Benghazi attacks and the IRS scandal as reasons for impeachment. Democrats, however, are dismissive of the idea of impeachment. They argue that Obama has not committed any impeachable offenses and that the Republicans' push for impeachment is politically motivated and does not reflect the will of the American people. Democrats also fear that impeaching Obama could backfire, energizing Democratic voters and driving up turnout in the upcoming midterm elections. The White House has also been dismissive of the idea of impeachment. White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest called the impeachment talk "unproductive" and a "distraction" from more pressing issues facing the country. Despite the lack of support from Congress and the White House, some Republicans continue to push for impeachment. Following the release of the polls, Representative Steve Stockman of Texas announced that he plans to file articles of impeachment against Obama. Stockman has been an outspoken critic of Obama and has previously introduced a bill calling for the impeachment of Attorney General Eric Holder. In conclusion, two recent polls show that a significant minority of Americans believe that Obama should be impeached. However, without the support of Congress and the White House, the likelihood of impeachment remains low. The lawsuit being brought by House Republicans and the continued push for impeachment by some Republicans ensures that the topic will remain a hot-button issue leading up to the midterm elections.