article: Paul Lambert has warned Aston Villa against another FA Cup upset as he aims to avoid more embarrassment against lower-league opposition. Villa host Sky Bet Championship strugglers Blackpool in the third round on Sunday. The visitors are bottom of the Championship, but Villa can take nothing for granted having lost to Sky Bet League One side Leyton Orient in the Capital One Cup this season, as well as being dumped out of the FA Cup by Sheffield United last term. Villa have won just twice in their last 16 Barclays Premier League games and just twice at home this season. Paul Lambert has warned his Aston Villa side against another FA Cup upset against lower-league opposition . Lambert's side take on Lee Clark's (left) Championship strugglers Blackpool in the third round on Sunday . Lambert said: 'We have to be wary, they have nothing to lose. They will come out and give it a go and they won't sit in. It's a cup game and will be a breather from the league where they are having a difficult time. It's a tough game. You would think they would come and give it a game. 'I've spoken to Lee (Clark, Blackpool boss) a few times and know Alan Thompson who was a good friend at Celtic. We have to make sure we get through it.' Villa are the lowest scorers in the top four divisions with just 11 goals in 20 league matches while Blackpool have netted just 18 times. Villa were jeered off after their stalemate with Cyrstal Palace on New Year's Day, a second straight home 0-0 draw, but Lambert insisted the goals will come for the team and striker Christian Benteke. 'Christian needs to keep going, in the last four or five games he has always had a chance and it will come,' he said. 'If he keeps persevering it will come. Lambert insists goals will come for Christian Benteke who has found the net just twice so far this season . Villa sit 12th in the Premier League but were jeered off after their goalless draw with Crystal Palace on Thurday . 'We're playing out through the back and just need to take the chance. If we won 1-0 everyone would have thought Thursday would have been the perfect game. The stats show we are creating more and we just have to finish it off. 'We've only lost two games in 10 and our defensive record is really strong. There's loads of things which are progressing but when they get the chance we have to take it.' Lambert is set to make changes against the Tangerines with young midfielder Jack Grealish expected to start. 'There's a chance Jack could start Sunday,' Lambert said. 'Thursday was a bit more difficult for him than what it was against Sunderland. It was a different type of game, so we'll see.'
highlights: Paul Lambert warned his side about a shock defeat to Blackpool . Aston Villa host the Tangerines on Sunday in the third round of the FA Cup . Lee Clark's side are bottom of the Sky Bet Championship . League One side Leyton Orient knocked Villa out the Capital One Cup .
id: 72a00bb5f4589aaa3652a88b22604d0faa36e8b8
chatgpt: Aston Villa manager, Paul Lambert, has issued a warning to his players ahead of their FA Cup third-round tie against Blackpool on Sunday. The Scottish coach has called on his side to be cautious and avoid being caught out by a shock defeat to their struggling opponents from the Sky Bet Championship. Blackpool are currently languishing at the bottom of the second tier of English football and are in desperate need of a positive result to help turn their fortunes around. Despite their lowly position, the Tangerines have caused upsets in cup competitions in the past and will be looking to do the same against Villa. Lambert will be all too aware of the dangers posed by Blackpool, especially in the wake of Villa's shock defeat to League One side Leyton Orient in the Capital One Cup earlier this season. The Villa boss has called on his players to focus and take the game seriously, regardless of their opponents' position in the league. Speaking to the press ahead of the game, Lambert said: "Blackpool are a dangerous side and we need to be careful. We can't afford to be complacent and we have to take this game seriously." The Villa boss may also be concerned by his side's recent form, having won just one of their last six games in all competitions. This poor run of form has left some fans questioning whether the team can compete at the highest level, especially given their struggles in the Premier League this season. Despite these concerns, Villa will still be the clear favourites going into the game, with home advantage and a superior league position to their credit. Lambert will be looking to his more experienced players to lead by example and ensure that his younger, less seasoned players do not get carried away with the occasion. Blackpool manager, Lee Clark, will be well aware of the challenge facing his side, but will be hoping that his players rise to the occasion, and put in a performance to remember. The Tangerines have struggled in the Championship this season, winning just four of their 25 league games and are currently five points adrift of safety. Despite their struggles, Clark has called on his players to give their all and take advantage of the opportunity to cause an upset against a Premier League team. Clark said: "We know it's going to be a tough game, but we're going to go out there and give it our all. We're the underdogs, but anything can happen in football." Sunday's game promises to be an intriguing encounter, with Villa hoping to avoid a repeat of their League Cup upset against Leyton Orient, and Blackpool looking to cause an upset of their own and progress to the fourth round of the FA Cup.