article: By . Steve Nolan . PUBLISHED: . 04:28 EST, 18 July 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 06:57 EST, 18 July 2013 . A high school math teacher who had his license suspended for sending text messages to students discussing their sexual experiences is to be allowed to return to the classroom at the start of the next school year. George C. Merk was originally suspended from his job at Lakota West High School in Cincinatti, Ohio, for 10 days in March 2012 after an internal investigation into 'unacceptable, insubordinate, deceitful and unprofessional' behaviour. According to Cincinatti.com, he 'admitted' to communicating with students over text message and other means on their 'sexual orientation and sexual experiences' Back to class: Teacher George C. Merk will return to teaching next term despite having his license suspended after having inappropriate communication with pupils at Lakota West High School, pictured, via text message . His five-year teaching license was suspended for a further 45 days last month after he signed an agreement with the Ohio Department of Education as part of the investigation. The agreement also bans him from contacting students via Facebook or text message, requires quarterly reports regarding his conduct and will see him undergo training on student/teacher boundaries. Mr Merk's actions did not warrant criminal investigation said West Chester Township Police. The 41-year-old teacher's lawyer Julie Ford said that Mr Merk only signed the agreement with the Ohio Department of Education's Office of Professional Conduct to 'put this matter behind him and avoid any delays in the renewals of his current teaching licenses' rather than as an admission of any wrongdoing. Probe: Mr Merk reached an agreement with the Ohio Department of Education after an investigation into his conduct . During an initial investigation by school officials in February last year, Mr Merk is said to have denied 'receiving a picture of a condom box through text message from a student.' School Superintendent Karen Mantia wrote at the time: 'This behaviour us unacceptable and will not be tolerated.' A report was then submitted to the state's Department of Education office with a full investigation culminating in the agreement last month. According to The Journal, Mr Merk also failed to report that a student was bullied and posted Facebook statuses about students' academic levels and disparaging the school's administration. Mr Merk has worked at the school since 2002 and earns just over $66,000 a year. His file shows no evidence of any other transgressions during his career and he is regarded as having performed well at the school.
highlights: George C Merk was originally suspended for 10 days in March 2012 . Lakota West High School in Ohio had launched an internal investigation . Mr Merk had allegedly behaved in a 'deceitful and unprofessional' manor . Further investigation saw him reach agreement with state Department of Education . He has been suspended for 45 more days but will return to teach next term .
id: 29717e1a07c5d0211aaa296b35e8db9de47d47eb
chatgpt: A veteran teacher, George C Merk, will be returning to teach at Lakota West High School in Ohio, despite being suspended for 45 more days following an internal investigation that was launched in 2012. Merk's suspension came after allegations of him behaving in a deceitful and unprofessional manner prompted an internal investigation by the school. The investigation ultimately resulted in Merk receiving a 10-day suspension from his teaching post in March 2012. However, further investigation into the case saw Merk reach an agreement with the state Department of Education. As a result of this agreement, Merk was suspended for an additional 45 days. Despite this, he will be returning to his teaching position at Lakota West High School in the upcoming term. The news has been met with mixed reactions from parents and students at the school. Some have expressed concerns about Merk's past conduct and whether it would affect his ability to provide effective teaching. Others, however, have voiced their support for Merk, citing his long-standing career at the school and his positive impact on many students in the past. Merk himself has issued a statement, expressing his regret over the events that led to his suspension and his commitment to continuing to provide quality education to his students. "I understand that my behavior in the past was unacceptable, and I'm deeply sorry for any pain that I may have caused," Merk said in a statement. "I'm committed to learning from my mistakes and moving forward as a better educator for my students." Despite the controversy surrounding his suspension, Merk has received support from many of his colleagues in the teaching profession. Some have praised his dedication and his willingness to take responsibility for his actions. "George has been a valued member of our teaching staff for many years, and we believe in his ability to continue to provide quality education for our students," said one of his colleagues, who wished to remain anonymous. Overall, the situation surrounding George C Merk's suspension has highlighted the importance of transparency and accountability in the education profession. While his return to work has been met with mixed reactions, it is clear that both the school and the state Department of Education have taken steps to ensure that Merk is held accountable for his past conduct and will be able to provide effective teaching in the future.