article: By . Anthony Hay for MailOnline . Follow @@Anthony_Hay . Fernando Torres' move to AC Milan is making the headlines in Italy as Chelsea have agreed to loan the Spanish striker out to the San Siro outfit. La Gazzetta dello Sport go with the headline 'Torres Yes' as the Italians celebrate the arrival of Torres on their shores. Torres is expected to earn in the region of €4million per season and will undergo a medical on Saturday, according to the Italian newspaper. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Inzaghi on Fernando Torres and Pellegrini on Radamel Falcao . Welcome message: La Gazzetta dello Sport celebrate the arrival of Fernando Torres at AC Milan . The same newspaper also links Juventus with a move for Monaco's Radamel Falcao. The Colombian striker had looked set to join Real Madrid, however a number of clubs have now expressed an interest in the 28-year-old. Corriere dello Sport also reflect on Torres' proposed move to AC Milan but lead with Roma's attempts to sign Paris Saint-Germain midfielder Adrien Rabiot. Roma are currently locked in negotiations to sign the Frenchman ahead of Monday's transfer deadline. Serie A arrivals: Paris Saint-Germain midfielder Adrien Rabiot and Radamel Falcao could both seal moves to Italy before Monday's transfer deadline . Tuttosport believe Juventus are finding it hard to find a breakthrough in talks with Monaco over the possibility of signing Falcao in the next few days. The Italian media outlet believe AC Milan have switched their attention to Chelsea's Marco van Ginkel after agreeing terms with the west London side to sign Torres. Spain's national team is making headlines in AS as Vicente del Bosque has had to pick a squad without star duo Xavi and Xabi Alonso. Transition: Spain boss Vicente del Bosque will not be able to call on the services of Xabi Alonso and Xavi after the duo retired (left) and Barcelona new boy Douglas reflects on his move to the Nou Camp (right) Mundo Deportivo - on the other hand - focus on Barcelona's latest signing Douglas. Douglas has revealed he wants to follow in the footsteps of fellow Brazilian right back Dani Alves. Meanwhile, Madrid-based newspaper Marca and French publication L'Equipe gear up for the 2014 FIBA Basketball World Cup which starts on Saturday. Anticipation: Marca (left) and L'Equipe (right) preview the  Basketball World Cup which starts on Saturday .
highlights: Chelsea midfielder Marco van Ginkel may join Fernando Torres at AC Milan . Juventus remain interested in signing Monaco's Radamel Falcao . Barcelona new boy Douglas wants to follow in the footsteps of Dani Alves .
id: 18df22e60598173342b69a26d7e7118e226a9e47
chatgpt: Chelsea midfielder Marco van Ginkel is reportedly being eyed by AC Milan as the Italian club looks to bolster its midfield for the upcoming season. The Dutchman, who joined the Blues in 2013, has struggled for game time at Stamford Bridge due to injuries and loan spells. However, he has shown glimpses of his potential when given the chance, impressing during his loan stint at PSV Eindhoven last season. If van Ginkel is indeed signed by AC Milan, he will join former Chelsea teammate Fernando Torres, who made a loan move to the Italian giants earlier this summer. The Spanish striker struggled to make an impact at Chelsea after a big-money move from Liverpool in 2011, but has enjoyed a new lease of life in Serie A, scoring three goals in his first four appearances for the Rossoneri. Meanwhile, Juventus are still keeping tabs on Monaco's Colombian forward Radamel Falcao, despite competition from other clubs. The Italian champions have been keen on Falcao for some time, and came close to signing him on loan last season. However, the move fell through at the last minute, and the striker ended up joining Manchester United instead. With United reportedly not interested in a permanent deal for Falcao, Juventus may be back in the race for his signature. However, they will face stiff competition from the likes of Chelsea, who have also been linked with a move for the former Atletico Madrid forward. Over in Spain, Barcelona's new signing Douglas has revealed that he is keen to follow in the footsteps of his compatriot Dani Alves. The Brazilian full-back completed a €4 million move to the Catalan giants last week, and has already set his sights on emulating Alves, who has been a mainstay in the Barca team for the past seven seasons. "Dani Alves is a great player and has been a key part of Barcelona's success in recent years," Douglas told reporters. "I want to learn from him and try to follow in his footsteps. I know it won't be easy, but I'm ready to work hard and do my best for the team." Barcelona will be hoping that Douglas can make a similar impact to Alves, who has won a host of titles during his time at the club, including four La Liga titles, two Champions League crowns and two Copa del Rey trophies. With Alves now 31 and approaching the twilight of his career, Douglas will be hoping to prove himself as a worthy successor to the Brazilian veteran.