article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 10:22 EST, 17 April 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 10:25 EST, 17 April 2013 . A 13-year-old boy who was bullied at school for being part of a cheerleading club committed suicide in Kern County, California on Monday. In the days leading up to his death Nigel Hardy was said to have been ‘despondent’ after being suspended for getting into a fight with another pupil at Hillview Middle School in Palmdale. The fight, which occurred last Friday, was related to Hardy’s involvement with the AV Dynasty All-Stars, an extracurricular cheerleading club. Nigel Hardy, 13, had been subjected to bullying at school for being part of a cheerleading club prior to his death . Hardy had only been a pupil at Hillview Middle School for 12 weeks ago after his family moved to the area from out of state. Principal Robert Garza told the L.A. Times that he felt the school had handled the situation appropriately, . although a community meeting will be held next week to discuss the event . and examine school and district policy. A seventh-grader, who described himself as Nigel's best friend, told the L.A. Times that Hardy was bullied and mocked for being a cheerleader. ‘I would tell him “I got your back, they can't say those things just because you're a cheerleader,”’ the boy said. ‘I'd try to defend him.’ Hardy had only been a pupil at Hillview Middle School for 12 weeks ago after his family moved to the area from out of state . Hardy was reported missing on Monday morning after his father found an apparent suicide note in the teen's room and discovered his handgun was missing. Though Hardy's note did not threaten the school or any individuals, Hillview was placed on lockdown as a precaution as authorities searched for the boy. He body was found around 8:30 p.m. on Monday evening, having suffered an apparent self-inflicted gunshot wound to the head. Hardy was admitted to Antelope Valley Hospital, where he was pronounced dead. Police are investigating the incident as a suicide. ‘Our hearts are with the parents and family of Nigel Hardy as they deal with this tremendous personal loss,’ Regina Rossall, Westside Union School District's superintendent, said in a statement. Hardy's body was found around 8:30 p.m. on Monday evening, having suffered an apparent self-inflicted gunshot wound to the head .
highlights: Nigel Hardy's body was found on Monday evening after his father had found a suicide note and his gun missing . He received a school suspension last Friday after being involved in a fight . Hardy had only moved to Hillview Middle School 12 weeks ago but was being bullied because he was part of an extracurricular cheerleading club .
id: ea392667f697a4a50a4887f91b47f3578f1319a7
chatgpt: The community of Hillview Middle School is in shock today following the tragic death of a student. Nigel Hardy, just 13 years old, was found dead in his home on Monday evening after his father found a suicide note and his gun missing. Hardy had only been at Hillview for 12 weeks, but in that short time, he had come to dread going to school due to relentless bullying from his peers. Hardy was part of an extracurricular cheerleading club, which made him a target of ridicule and harassment. Last Friday, Hardy was involved in a fight at school, which resulted in a suspension. It is unclear whether this incident played a role in Hardy's decision to take his own life, but his parents believe it was a contributing factor. The school district has released a statement expressing their condolences to Nigel's family and friends. They have also emphasized their commitment to creating a safe and inclusive environment for all students, stating that they take allegations of bullying seriously. However, some parents and students are questioning the effectiveness of the school's anti-bullying policies. One parent, who wished to remain anonymous, stated that they had reported incidents of bullying to the school administration several times but felt that their concerns were not being taken seriously. The tragedy has sparked a conversation about the serious and lasting impacts that bullying can have on young people. Experts agree that bullying can lead to increased rates of depression, anxiety, and suicide in youth. The Hillview Middle School community has come together to mourn the loss of Nigel Hardy. A candlelight vigil was held in his honor on Tuesday evening, and students have been leaving flowers and messages of support outside the school. Nigel's parents have chosen to speak out about their son's story in the hopes that it will raise awareness about the devastating effects of bullying. They urge parents, educators, and community members to take action to prevent bullying and create a safer environment for all children. The loss of Nigel Hardy has left a deep wound in the Hillview Middle School community, but it is also serving as a wake-up call about the urgent need to address the issue of bullying in schools.