article: A Texas meteorologist has spoken for the first time since he was gunned down last week as he left his TV station. Patrick Crawford, of the NBC affiliate KCEN-TV in Bruceville-Eddy, says he still has no idea who the gunman was or why he would've been targeted. 'There was no interaction whatsoever,' Crawford, 35, told reporters at the Baylor Scott and White Hospital, where he has been recovering. 'He just started shooting at me as I was leaving the parking lot of KCEN-TV station. So there was no interaction. I did not know him.' SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO . Weatherman Patrick, of the NBC affiliate KCEN-TV, has spoken for the first time about his shooting outside of work. He's expected at home with his family in time for the holidays . Crawford, 35, says he didn't know the gunman (police sketch on the right) and exchanged no words with him before the shooting . The meteorologist was struck by two bullets. A third one grazed his head . Crawford was leaving work on Wednesday when the gunman fired 13 bullets on him from a semi-automatic gun before fleeing on foot, according to KCEN-TV. Two of the bullets hit Crawford, one on the arm and another in the abdomen. A third bullet grazed his head. The weatherman managed to drive off and stopped his car in a construction zone, where workers called an ambulance. Crawford wore a Superman t-shirt and sat on a wheelchair as he asked his colleagues in the media for privacy for his family. Doctors said the meteorologist is expected home in time for the holidays. Crawford's car was covered in bullets while the weatherman sped away from the gunman . Police set a perimeter in their manhunt for Crawford's shooter . 'Things are improving.—I'm slowly getting better,' Crawford said. 'It's been a long process with a lot of pain.' He added: 'My main focus is to just continue to get better, to get healthy and to get home for me and my family.' Police continue to seek tips on the gunman, described as a bald white or Hispanic man in his 30s. Crime Stoppers offers a $10,000 reward for information, which can be sent to (800) 863-8558. It remains unclear when Crawford will return to his job at KCEN-TV, but he says 'things are improving'
highlights: Patrick Crawford, of the NBC affiliate KCEN-TV in Texas, was shot as he left his job last week . Crawford, 35, said he didn't know his shooter and didn't exchange any words with him before the man opened fire . The gunman fired 13 bullets, striking Crawford twice and grazing his head . Crawford is expected to return home with his family in time for the holidays .
id: 9f8fabd959398c1de26af8e6a8c41e15cea33a66
chatgpt: Patrick Crawford, a reporter for the NBC affiliate KCEN-TV in Texas, was shot last week as he left work. The incident occurred when Crawford was leaving the office, and he was approached by an unknown man, who opened fire on him. The shooter fired 13 rounds, striking Crawford twice and grazing his head. According to Crawford, he did not know the shooter and did not have any prior interactions with him. Police are investigating the incident and searching for the suspect. Authorities have stated that they believe the shooting was a random act of violence, and they are asking anyone with information to come forward. Crawford was rushed to the hospital, where he underwent surgery for his injuries. Despite the severity of his wounds, he is expected to make a full recovery and return home with his family in time for the holidays. The news of this incident has shocked and saddened the community. The station released a statement stating their support for Crawford and his family, saying they are praying for his recovery and are committed to bringing the perpetrator to justice. Crawford, 35, is a respected member of the KCEN-TV team and has been with the station for several years. His colleagues describe him as hardworking, dedicated, and passionate about his work. Many of them have expressed their shock and sadness about the incident. The shooting has also sparked a conversation about the safety of journalists and the risks they face while doing their job. As the number of violent incidents against journalists continues to rise, many are calling for increased protections and support for reporters. In the wake of this incident, members of the community have come together to offer their support for Crawford and his family. A GoFundMe page has been set up to help cover his medical expenses and other costs, and many have left messages of encouragement for the popular reporter. This incident serves as a reminder of the dangers that journalists face every day while doing their job. While it is unclear why Crawford was targeted, the incident has underscored the need for increased safety measures and protections for reporters.