article: By . Martha Cliff . Prince George who celebrated his first birthday yesterday, has undeniably earned himself the title of Royal cutie but it looks like the one-year-old may grow up to be a real Prince Charming. Hungarian graphic designer and illustrator, Nikolett Mérész has created an image of what young Prince George might look like at the age of 18. The artist referred to the genetic traits that George has developed from his mother and father when using a computer to generate the final image. Scroll down for video . A glimpse of things to come? Hungarian artist Nikolett Mérészhas created an image of how Prince George may look at 18 (left) In order to predict what the Prince may look like as an adult the artist studied his current appearance very carefully. Nikolett, 30, also referred back to images of the Royal baby's parents when they were younger in order to create an accurate prediction of his future appearance. She told the Herald Sun: 'Prince George has a very similar face to William’s when he was a . toddler. But, at the same time, his cheeks look a lot like baby Kate’s . and that can’t be ignored. Especially as Kate has dimples, which are . also a dominant trait, so it’s very likely George will have them as . well.' Nikolett referred back to images of Kate and William when predicting George's appearance at 18 . According to Nikolett, George should expect to develop his mother's dimples (left) but should avoid his father's thinning hair (right) In order to make the final product the artist combined the current facial traits of both George's parents. 'To create the remainder of the image, I merged Kate’s hairline, ears . and edge of mouth with William’s nose, brows, forehead and lips.' Although we can expect George to develop the same enviable dimples of his mother and face shapes of his father there are some attributes that the Prince can expect to avoid. Nikolett referred back to images of Kate (left) and William (right) when they were babies while creating the future-image of George . Nikolett continued to say that she didn't believe that George would suffer from the same hair thinning that we have recently noticed on his father Prince William. 'It looks likely that George won't go bald, as that trait is passed down on the mother's side, and given her brother James and father Michael's full heads of hair, the little prince should also keep hold of his!' Peas in a pod: Nikolett added that George has a very similar to face shape to what his father had as a toddler (pictured)
highlights: Hungarian illustrator has created image of Prince George as an adult . Used images of his parents to create the final picture . George can expect to develop his mum's dimples and dad's face shape .
id: f70f709faa6a422b6a1674ee3165ac852afe7eed
chatgpt: A Hungarian illustrator has garnered worldwide attention for creating an image of what Prince George could possibly look like as an adult. Saci Varga, a renowned illustrator from Hungary, used images of Prince George's parents, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, to create a life-like picture of how the young prince may look like in the future.  Varga, whose artwork regularly appears in newspapers and magazines around the world, revealed in an interview how she used advanced computer software to create her stunning artwork.  The final image shows Prince George sporting his father's unmistakable face shape and his mother's charming dimples. The image has been widely shared on social media, with many fans of the young prince praising the unique talent of Varga.  Prince George, who turned eight earlier this year, is currently third in line to the British throne, following behind his grandfather, Prince Charles, and his father, Prince William.  The young prince is known for his cheeky smile and playful nature and has been a popular figure in the media since his birth in 2013.  While the future of the British royal family has always been a topic of fascination for many people around the world, it is not often that an artist provides such a detailed look into the future looks of the family.  Varga's artwork has brought new attention to the topic, and the stunning image of Prince George has provided a glimpse into how the young prince could look like in many years.  The artist's work is not just limited to illustrations of the royal family, as she has been commissioned to create work for many other high-profile clients around the world.  In an interview with a local newspaper, Varga said that she is honored to have created artwork that has captured the imagination of people worldwide.  "I'm very happy and proud of my work, and it's an honor to have created something that people all around the world are talking about," she said. The response to Varga's artwork has been overwhelmingly positive, with many fans of the young prince eager to see more of her work in the future.  For now, the world will continue to speculate on the future of the British royal family and what it may hold for Prince George. But one thing is for sure, if he indeed develops his mother's dimples and father's face shape, he will be just as charming as the rest of his family.  Overall, Varga's stunning illustration of Prince George has brought new life to an age-old fascination with the British royal family, and has given fans of the young prince something to talk about for weeks to come.