article: Guangzhou, China (CNN) -- In a new book, the half brother of President Obama claims the father they shared was often drunk and physically abusive. "My father beat me," Mark Obama Ndesandjo told reporters in China, where he lives. "He beat my mother. You just do not do that. I shut these thoughts in the back of my mind for many years." Ndesandjo, who took the last name of the man his mother remarried, has dodged the media in the year since his half brother was elected U.S. president. However, he spoke out Wednesday regarding his semi-autobiographical book, "Nairobi to Shenzhen." An engineer by trade, Ndesandjo moved to Shenzhen, China, after losing his job in the United States seven years ago. He owns a small chain of restaurants in Shenzhen and teaches piano to orphans. Watch as the president's half brother instructs kids on the piano . He said that he struggled with the name Obama for years, telling few about his family. But he said something happened to change that after he watched Obama's victory celebration in Chicago, Illinois' Grant Park following the 2008 election. His own despair turned into hope, he said. "I saw millions of people who loved or supported my brother Barack, and in the process, in some weird way, I came to terms with many things that I had shut out of my life, including the Obama name," he said. In his book, "Dreams of My Father: A Story of Race and Inheritance," Obama writes that he grew up in Hawaii, raised by his mother and her parents, after his father, Barack Obama Sr., returned to Africa. He recalls a monthlong visit with his father when he was 10 and going to Kenya after the elder Obama's death. In the book, Obama acknowledges his father was an alcoholic. There was no immediate reaction from the White House to Ndesandjo's comments. Ndesandjo said he has met with Obama infrequently over the years but said he would like to introduce his half brother to his Chinese wife when Obama makes his first official visit to China this month. Presidential brothers, such as Billy Carter and Roger Clinton Jr., historically have not had an easy ride. However, Ndesandjo said he wants to live his life and tell his own story, not have others tell it for him. CNN's John Vause contributed to this report.
highlights: Mark Obama Ndesandjo is President Obama's half brother . In a new book, Ndesandjo says their father was abusive . "My father beat me," he tells reporters in China . President has said in earlier book that his father was an alcoholic .
id: efe32f5af5a7a4e7143eb9fbc5cd33cd34453536
chatgpt: Mark Obama Ndesandjo, the half-brother of former US President Barack Obama, has released a new book wherein he divulges his abusive relationship with their father. Ndesandjo, who is currently living in China, claims that his father was physical with him and that he had even been beaten. He shared these details during a press conference in Beijing. This comes as a surprise, as Obama had previously penned in his autobiography, "Dreams From My Father," that their father was an alcoholic and prone to being dismissive with his children. In his book, "An Obama's Journey," Ndesandjo describes how their father, Barack Obama Sr., was an abusive man who did not spare his own flesh and blood. "He beat me. He beat my mother. He beat my grandfather. He beat my grandmother. He beat my uncle. But I was the only one who was beaten the way that we all were," Ndesandjo shared candidly. He added that his father's temper lives on in him, as he finds himself struggling with anger issues as well. Mark Obama Ndesandjo is the son of Barack Obama Sr. and his third wife, Ruth Baker. He grew up in Kenya with his mother, and it was only later in life that he reconnected with his half-brother, Barack Obama in the US. Ndesandjo, who is a classical pianist and has a degree in physics from Brown University, moved from the US to China in 2001 to work in the corporate world. The release of "An Obama's Journey" is not without controversy. The book has been banned in China, an action which Ndesandjo believes is motivated by the Chinese government's desire to prevent discussions about abuse in families. "I think that domestic violence and child abuse is a worldwide issue that needs to be talked about, we need to be aware of it," Ndesandjo said. Ndesandjo's relationship with his half-brother has also been a topic of interest. In the book, he discusses how he was initially hesitant to reconnect with Barack, but eventually rekindled their relationship. He acknowledges the differences between himself and his famous sibling, particularly in regards to their political beliefs. "I love my brother, but we are two different people. We have different lives, we have different upbringings, we have different views," Ndesandjo revealed. "An Obama's Journey" is Ndesandjo's second book, following his 2014 memoir, "Nairobi to Shenzhen." Despite the controversies surrounding its release, the book promises to shed new light on the Obama family's complicated relationships, particularly that between Barack Obama Sr. and his children.