article: By . Becky Evans . PUBLISHED: . 09:02 EST, 10 March 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 02:55 EST, 11 March 2013 . Sir Alex Ferguson told a room full of reporters that a woman colleague had 'been dragged out of the kitchen' to speak to them. The Manchester United manager made the joke about senior press officer Karen Shotbolt at a press conference on Friday. The experienced media manager, who has been at Old Trafford since 2004, told journalists to have a 'Happy International Women's Day', according to The Sun. Karen Shotbolt, right, denied she was offended by Sir Alex Ferguson's comments on International Women's Day that she had been 'dragged out of the kitchen' Ferguson then responded: 'She has dragged herself out of the kitchen. You asked for that,' before laughing. A day later Ms Shotbolt, 43, said she took the comment as a joke and denied the United manager makes similar inappropriate comments. She told The Sun: 'I was joking with the journalists and most of them laughed.' In 2011, it emerged that Ferguson had told a female physiotherapist who applied for a job that it was a 'male sport' and footballers did not like to be treated by women. The rejection letter from 1994 was leaked to The Mail on Sunday. It read: 'Most of the players felt . that football was very much a male sport and did not really like the . thought of females being involved with the treatment of sports injuries . within the training complex.' The letter, signed by the 71-year-old, was written in response to a 20-year-old physio’s request for a work placement and left her ‘hurt and insulted’. Ferguson told a woman physio who applied for a placement that footballers prefer to be treated by men . She did not want to be named but said she was 'shocked' by the language in the letter. The physio said: ‘I really can’t see why the players would object – there are loads of female physios in rugby.’ Elsewhere . in the letter, Sir Alex says: ‘The general thoughts of the players . regarding a female physiotherapist was that they would prefer to be . treated by a male physiotherapist, they would feel more comfortable and . they felt it would be much easier to discuss their problems with another . male.’ At the time, the club denied the comments were sexist and a club spokeswoman said 'the football environment' has changed.
highlights: The Manchester United boss made joke in front of room of reporters . Senior press officer Karen Shotbolt said comments did not offend her . Sir Alex previously accused of sexism when he told female physio that football was a 'male sport' and footballers preferred to be treated by men .
id: a1b38fee7b0edfae86b3c5ab15023eb69bfa740f
chatgpt: Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson has made a joke in front of a room of reporters that some are calling sexist. Senior press officer Karen Shotbolt, however, said that despite the potential offence made to some, the comments had not upset her personally. This isn't the first time Sir Alex has been accused of discrimination. In the past, the football manager was accused of sexism when he told a female physiotherapist that football was a "male sport". He reportedly suggested that footballers preferred treatment from male physios. While some may see these latest comments as harmless banter, others point out that they perpetuate outdated attitudes towards women. Stereotyping women as "touchy" and equating female sensitivity with weakness is, in their view, an unhelpful stereotype. Despite the criticism, Sir Alex continues to enjoy immense popularity and respect within the sporting world. His long-standing reputation as a successful manager has won him accolades from fans and sporting professionals alike. Still, there are some who feel that this kind of behaviour should not be condoned, particularly in an industry that has a big influence on public attitudes and perceptions. In recent years, there has been a greater focus on challenging sexism and other forms of discrimination in the sporting world. Female athletes have fought hard to gain equal pay and to break down stereotypes that paint them as less competitive or skilled than their male counterparts. Similarly, there has been an ongoing push to increase diversity among coaching and management staff. Despite these efforts, however, there are still instances where discrimination and outdated attitudes persist. As fans, media professionals, and members of the sporting community, it is important for us all to be mindful of our words and actions. Jokes that rely on stereotypes and demeaning comments only serve to undermine the progress that has been made towards creating a fair and inclusive sporting environment. Ultimately, it remains to be seen whether Sir Alex's latest comments will have any serious ramifications for his reputation or his position within Manchester United. But what is clear is that they have sparked a much-needed conversation about the continued need for greater awareness and sensitivity around issues of discrimination in sport.