article: By . Emily Allen . Last updated at 6:52 PM on 8th January 2012 . A 25-year-old woman is trapped in the body of a 12-year-old and is appealing to medics to help cure her rare condition. Kate Quinn is believed to be the only woman in Ireland to have Caudal Regression Syndrome (CRS). The rare disorder, which she discovered she had two years ago, means she has never been through puberty, had regular periods or had to buy a bra. Limbo: Kate Quinn is stuck in the body of a 12-year-old and has now gone public with her condition in the hope someone can help her . It also means her lower spine has not developed properly so she stands at just 4ft 9ins tall. Now Miss Quinn, who says she has spent her early 20s 'hiding away' and living her life in 'limbo', has appealed to experts to come up with a cure. She believes she will not be able to find love unless she becomes a 'real' woman, she told Irish Independent. The condition is thought to affect just one in 25,000 people across the world. Stuck: Kate says until her body develops into a 'real' woman she won't be able to find love . Doctors say the fact she hasn't gone through puberty is a side-effect of her condition but they cannot explain why. Caudal regression syndrome is a rare disorder where the lower spine does not develop properly. It occurs in every on in 25,000 births. The condition can lead to medical problems including partial absence of the tail bone regions to major malformation of the pelvis and spine. Severe cases mean some people are paralysed and can suffer from incontinence. Before more comprehensive medical treatment was available full amputation of the legs at the hip was performed in severe cases. It has been speculated the condition might be associated with dietary deficiencies, including a lack of folic acid. They said the fact her hormones are not working properly is not normally associated with CRS. She has been injected . with hormones for seven years in a bid to encourage her body to go into . puberty - but to no avail. Trips to the surgery every day have prevented her from being able to enroll on college courses or get a job. She told the newspaper: 'The longer it goes on, the worse you feel because at 12 or 14 you feel you might develop, but now at 25 you start wondering if it's too late and ask yourself if you'll ever develop.' Miss Quinn, from Mooncoin, Co Kilkenny, said because her body hasn't developed to the age it should be she 'kind of hides away'. She said she has been in 'limbo' since the problem began at 14. Miss Quinn hopes a doctor may come forward with a solution following the publicity.
highlights: Kate Quinn is appealing to doctors to find a cure . She is thought to be the only woman in Ireland with the condition .
id: d674a5e14dfba3db754266a167efc3dd001e112d
chatgpt: Kate Quinn is fighting an uphill battle against an extremely rare genetic condition. The 30-year-old from Dublin, Ireland, was diagnosed with Ehlers-Danlos syndrome (EDS) when she was just nine years old. EDS is a group of genetic disorders that affect the body's ability to produce collagen, the protein that forms the basis of connective tissues such as skin, tendons, ligaments, and cartilage. This can result in a range of symptoms including joint hypermobility, skin that bruises easily, chronic pain, and fatigue. Kate's particular type of EDS is one of the rarest, known as vascular EDS. It affects just 1 in 50,000 people worldwide and can be life-threatening. It means that the walls of her blood vessels are fragile and can easily rupture, leading to internal bleeding and organ damage. This has already resulted in Kate undergoing multiple surgeries throughout her life, including the removal of her large intestine when she was just 20 years old. Kate is now appealing to doctors and researchers to find a cure for her condition. She is thought to be the only woman in Ireland with vascular EDS and feels that more research is needed to understand this rare disorder. "I just want to live a normal life," Kate said in an interview with The Irish Times. "I don't want to have to worry about every little cut or bruise that I get." EDS is a complicated disorder, and there is currently no cure. Treatment focuses on symptom management, which can include physical therapy, pain medication, and surgery. However, these measures can only do so much for patients like Kate, who are dealing with life-threatening complications. Kate's appeal for a cure comes as researchers around the world are making progress in understanding EDS. In 2017, a team of scientists at Queen Mary University of London identified a new type of EDS that affects the nervous system, opening up new avenues of research into this complex disorder. In addition, the Ehlers-Danlos Society, an international non-profit organization, has been working to raise awareness of the condition and support research efforts. Kate hopes that with more research, doctors can develop better treatments and ultimately find a cure for EDS. "I know it's a really rare condition, but I hope that by speaking out, I can help spread awareness and maybe inspire more research," she said. In the meantime, Kate is doing her best to manage her condition and live her life to the fullest. She is a keen amateur photographer and has even had her work featured in exhibitions. She is also a keen advocate for disability rights and hopes to use her platform to raise awareness of issues faced by those with rare disorders like EDS. Kate's appeal highlights the need for more research into rare genetic disorders like EDS. While progress is being made, there is still much to be understood about these complex conditions. By continuing to support research efforts and raise awareness, we can work towards better treatments and, ultimately, cures for those who are affected by these rare disorders.