article: By . Peter Allen . A French mayor caught speeding at almost twice the legal limit told police he trying to dry his car out after a visit to the car wash. Jean-Louis Hennon’s excuse is considered one of the most bizarre ever offered for breaking the law. After being caught by a flash gun doing more than 100mph in a 55mph zone, the mayor of Courcelles-Epayelles, in the Oise department of northern France, said he had just left a service station. Excuses: A French mayor caught driving at almost twice the speed limit told officers he was 'drying his car' (file picture) Mr Hennon said: ‘I’d been to the car wash and on the way back I may have accelerated for around a kilometre, no more, to dry the car out. 'It may seem strange a strange excuse but it is a sincere one.’ The incident is particularly embarrassing for Mr Hennon because it comes just a few days before municipal elections on Sunday, when he could lose his job. Today he was insisting that he was ‘not above the law’, while police were preparing to prosecute him for Saturday’s speeding. Mr Hennon said: ‘I drove a little fast for 1 kilometre, 1.5 kilometres maybe. Certainly I was going too fast. ‘Okay, well, I got caught by the police. I told them I agreed with them, that what I did was not very good, and that I made a mistake. 'I recognised my stupidity. I made a mistake and I won’t do it again.’ Mr Hennon was caught at 10.15am on the D138 road between Maignelay-Montigny, not far from Amiens in northern France, and Tricot. Police regularly highlight strange excuses people offered for speeding too fast on public roads. They range from drives saying they saw red and blue lights in their rear view mirror, to those who say they were engrossed in a conversation with a passenger so did not notice the speedometer. In 2008 a Muslim businessman from Falkirk, Stirlingshire, who was caught breaking the speed limit managed to keep his licence after saying he was ‘commuting’ between his two wives. In 1999, the then England footballer David Beckham successfully appealed against an eight-month driving ban for speeding in his Ferrari Maranello after he claimed he had been speeding to escape a chasing photographer. And, in the same year, Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson was found not guilty of illegally driving on a motorway hard shoulder after magistrates heard he had been suffering from severe diarrhoea and was trying to get to a toilet.
highlights: Jean-Louis Hennon caught doing more than 100mph in a 55mph zone . He is mayor of Courcelles-Epayelles in Oise, northern France . He insists he is not 'above the law' as Police prepare to prosecute him . It happened just a few days before municipal elections on Sunday .
id: a1fd63700bf59921c1a1466d494dc28980398d4d
chatgpt: The Mayor of Courcelles-Epayelles in Oise, Jean-Louis Hennon has been caught driving at more than 100mph in a 55mph zone, just a few days before the municipal elections on Sunday. The incident has caused outrage among local residents and has sparked calls for the mayor to be removed from his position. Hennon was pulled over by the police for speeding, and he is now facing prosecution for his actions. Despite his actions, Hennon has maintained that he is not "above the law" and has apologized to the people of Courcelles-Epayelles. "I made a mistake and I am deeply sorry for my actions," Hennon said. "I realize that I have let down the people of this community and I promise to do everything in my power to make it right." The incident has cast a shadow over Hennon's leadership, with some locals questioning whether he is fit to continue as mayor. Hennon was re-elected in 2014 and has been in office for nearly six years. However, many now believe that his actions have damaged his reputation and that it is time for him to step down. "It's unacceptable for a public official to behave in such a reckless and dangerous manner," said one resident, who wished to remain anonymous. "It's clear that he has no respect for the law or the safety of others, and he should face the consequences of his actions." Others have defended Hennon, saying that he is entitled to make mistakes like anyone else. However, they also acknowledge that his actions have caused a great deal of harm and that he will need to work hard to regain the trust of the community. "I think we all make mistakes, and I don't think it's fair to judge him too harshly," said another resident. "But at the same time, he needs to take responsibility for what he's done and show us that he can be a better leader in the future." The incident has also brought attention to the issue of speeding and road safety in the local area. Some locals have called for tougher enforcement of speed limits and increased awareness campaigns to educate drivers on the dangers of driving at high speeds. As the community prepares to head to the polls on Sunday, the incident is likely to be on the minds of many voters. It remains to be seen whether Hennon will be able to retain his position as mayor. However, one thing is clear: his actions have highlighted the need for accountability and responsibility among public officials.