article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 11:44 EST, 19 March 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 11:56 EST, 20 March 2013 . IT’S said that too many cooks spoil the broth. But when one of them is Cherie Blair, it might be a little difficult to tell her she is getting in the way. The wife of the former Prime Minister lent a helping hand during a visit to a cramped food distribution centre in an Indian village. Barefoot, with a bindi on her forehead and wearing a salwar kameez – traditional dress and leggings – she did her best to blend in. Involved: Cherie Blair joined workers in the rural village of Kuda in Gujarat, India, wearing traditional headdress . Currying favour: Cherie Blair packs turmeric powder during her visit to the Rural Distribution Network India at Dhragandhra town . Fitting in: Mrs Blair's charity, the Cherie Blair Foundation for Women, supports the rural initiative . The 58-year-old got stuck in as she joined rural Indian women by taking her shoes off and joining them at the workplace . Sporting a large red bindi, Mrs Blair cleaned pulses and assisted the workers by filling and weighing bags of tumeric. Mrs Blair was visiting India on behalf of her own charity, the Cherie Blair Foundation for Women, to promote rural trade in the country. She met workers from the Rural Distribution Network India (RUDI) centre in Kuda village, Gujarat, India. RUDI, which sells agricultural produce from local farmers, is aimed at enabling rural women earn a better living and thereby becoming more independent, and is supported by Mrs Blair's foundation. Helping hand: She helped women from the Rural Distribution Network India centre weigh and fill bags of tumeric . Mrs Blair's legal work, alongside her husband's huge earnings for advisory work, consultancy and speeches, reportedly earning £20million a year, has left the family with a growing fortune. The Blairs - along with their children - now seven properties with a combined value of £20million, having purchased a four-storey, £1.35million Georgian townhouse in central London, paid for with cash, earlier this year . Alongside her distinguished legal career, Mrs Blair is an avid philanthropist. She wrote about the . difficulties faced by women in the workplace last month, drawing on her . own experiences in the male-dominated legal profession. Discussion: Mrs Blair joined in the with the local women as they cleaned pulses . Writing in the Mail on Sunday, she . said: 'Women often complain about  a lack of opportunities and not being . promoted – and there’s justice in many of those complaints – but we all . need to help those lower down the ladder too.' Through her charity Mrs Blair said she is trying to promote workplace opportunities for women across the world. Mrs Blair's charity has teamed up with the Vodafone Foundation to provide the rural Indian women with mobile phones and an app that allows them to communicate more effectively. The scheme aims to help 2,000 female entrepreneurs in India over a three-year period.
highlights: Mrs Blair was visiting rural workers in Kuda Village, Gujarat, India . Took her shoes off and sported a bindi as she joined women in workplace . Mrs Blair's charity is supporting women by providing mobile phones and app .
id: 5f3ebe9d3c20e3234f794ae9ed844920d281fa9d
chatgpt: Former British Prime Minister Tony Blair's wife, Cherie Blair, recently made a visit to Gujarat, India to meet rural workers in Kuda Village. During her visit, Mrs Blair took off her shoes and donned a traditional bindi as she joined women in the workplace. Mrs Blair's charity, the Cherie Blair Foundation for Women, is focused on supporting women's entrepreneurship and economic independence. One of the ways in which the charity is helping women is by providing them with mobile phones equipped with a special app. The app, which was developed in partnership with Vodafone, allows the women to access important information about their businesses and also provides them with a direct line of communication to their customers. During her visit, Mrs Blair spoke with several women who have benefitted from the program. She said that the app has been a game-changer for many women, allowing them to have a greater level of control over their businesses and enabling them to make more informed decisions. "I am really proud of the work that we are doing here," Mrs Blair said. "We are helping women to become more empowered and independent, and that is something that is really important to me." Mrs Blair also took the time to learn more about the challenges that rural women in India face, particularly when it comes to accessing education and training. "I think that education is incredibly important," she said. "It is the key to unlocking opportunities and breaking down barriers." During her visit to Kuda Village, Mrs Blair also had the opportunity to meet with some of the children who are attending a local school that is supported by her foundation. "I was really impressed by the children that I met," she said. "They were so enthusiastic about learning, and it was really heartening to see the impact that our work is having." Overall, Mrs Blair's visit to Gujarat was a resounding success. Her charity's work in supporting women's entrepreneurship is proving to be a valuable resource for women in rural areas of India, and she is committed to continuing to make a positive impact in the region. "I am really passionate about the work that we are doing," she said. "I believe that every woman deserves the opportunity to achieve her full potential, and I am committed to making that happen."