article: (CNN) -- Bubba Watson turned on the style to win his second U.S. Masters title in three years after a final round 69 gave him a three-shot victory in the opening major of the 2014 season. Watson briefly trailed his last day playing partner Jordan Spieth before pulling clear on the back nine at Augusta to repeat his 2012 triumph with an eight-under-par total of 280. The 20-year-old Spieth finished in a tie for second at five-under with Sweden's Jonas Blixt, who was also making a superb debut at the Masters. Popular 50-year-old Spaniard Miguel Angel Jimenez claimed fourth place a further shot behind after a closing 71. Watson did not panic when Spieth moved two clear on the front nine and a four-shot swing on the eighth and ninth saw him take a lead he never relinquished. His victory was highlighted by a monster 366-yard drive on the 13th to set up a two-putt birdie and a three-shot advantage going into the closing holes. The chasers were unable to make a sustained challenge to leave the 35-year-old Watson to savor another triumph in the 78th edition of the famous tournament. After putting out on the 18th green an emotional Watson burst into tears before embracing family members. "I don't remember the last few I holes, I just remember hanging on to make pars," he said before donning the Green Jacket for the second time in the traditional ceremony. Watson has been in fine form on the PGA Tour leading into the Masters, claiming the Northern Trust Open in Los Angeles in February -- his fifth career win and first since his initial triumph at Augusta. The pre-tournament talk was of Tiger Woods' withdrawal through injury and of Adam Scott's chances of a repeat triumph, the Australian eventually finishing a creditable one-over-par in his title defense. But Watson sprung to prominence with a second round 68 with a run of five straight birdies to show his intent, his eventual victory taking him into the top five of the new world rankings. "The first one I felt I lucked into," he admitted. "A lot of hard work and determination went into this one," he added. A host of golfers eyed victory on a tight leader board going into the final round, but the likes of Matt Kuchar and Rickie Fowler were unable to threaten Watson and the American pair finished tied for fifth on two-under, a shot ahead of England's Lee Westwood. Pre-tournament favorite Rory McIlroy finished strongly with a three-under 69 for level par, but his hopes were ended by a poor second round.
highlights: Bubba Watson wins Masters for the second time . Cards final round 69 to claim three-shot victory . Youngster Jordan Spieth fades after promising start . Ties for second with fellow Augusta rookie Jonas Blixt .
id: 2d2c1983eb0535a5a6746b24ee7a00bf7e07c142
chatgpt: Augusta, Georgia - Bubba Watson, 2012 Masters Tournament Champion, has done it again, winning the Masters for the second time in three years. Watson sealed the victory with a final round score of 69, finishing three shots ahead of second-place finishers Jordan Spieth and Jonas Blixt. Entering the final round of the tournament, Watson held a three-shot lead over the nearest competitor, 20-year-old Jordan Spieth. The young Texan, playing in his first Masters Tournament, started the day strong with birdies on the first two holes, pulling within one shot of Watson's lead. But Watson wasn't fazed by the youngster's early charge. He birdied the second hole to regain his three-shot lead and never looked back. "I knew it was going to be a tough day out there," said Watson, who is known for his unorthodox style and booming drives off the tee. "Jordan is a great player, and he showed that with his start today. But I just tried to stay patient and hit some good shots when I needed to." Spieth's game began to falter on the fourth hole, where he made a bogey. He added another bogey on the seventh hole before making a birdie on the eighth, but by that time Watson had already extended his lead to five. Blixt, also playing in his first Masters Tournament, quietly put together a solid round, shooting a three-under-par 69 to tie Spieth for second place. The Swedish golfer birdied three straight holes on the back nine to secure his share of the runner-up spot. Watson's victory at Augusta National Golf Club is his first major championship since winning the Masters in 2012. He joins a select group of players who have won multiple green jackets, including Jack Nicklaus, Arnold Palmer, Tiger Woods, and Phil Mickelson. "It's an honor to be mentioned with those names," said Watson. "To win this tournament once is a dream come true. To win it twice is just amazing." Watson's win also caps off a remarkable comeback for the left-handed golfer, who had struggled with injuries and a loss of form in the past two years. But his victory at Augusta shows that he still has the game to compete at the highest level. As for Spieth, the world of golf now knows what the fans already knew: the young Texan is a force to be reckoned with. His second-place finish at the Masters marks his first top-10 finish in a major championship, and if his play this week is any indication, he has a bright future ahead of him. As for Blixt, the Swede continues to prove that he belongs among the game's elite. His performance at Augusta earned him his best finish in a major championship and should give him confidence heading into the rest of the season. For Watson, however, the focus now turns to defending his title next year. He knows the challenge that lies ahead, but he's ready for it. "I'll enjoy this victory for a little while," said Watson. "But then it's back to work. I know what it takes to win here, and I'll be doing everything I can to come back next year and do it again."