article: (CNN) -- A town engulfed by fighting in South Sudan remained tense Thursday as peacekeepers and police deployed patrols and "a significant number" of people who had fled to safety stayed at a U.N. base, officials said. The discord erupted in Wau, the capital of Western Bahr el-Ghazal state in the newly independent country. The violence reflects the growing pains of the new nation, which became independent from Sudan last year. The unrest started last week after a decision to switch the seat of the local government headquarters from Wau to nearby Bagarre stirred anger, government spokesman Barnaba Marial Benjamin told reporters in the national capital, Juba, on Thursday. Security forces killed 10 people amid rioting. Demonstrators attacked a bank and others businesses Saturday and Sunday, he said. Relatives of those killed abducted 28 farmers thought to be aligned with the state government, Benjamin said. The discovery of the bodies of six of the farmers spurred more violence Wednesday. There was no official word on the number of people killed Wednesday. It is believed at least two people died in the violence, but some news outlets reported higher tolls. Peacekeepers with the U.N. Mission in South Sudan saw fires and a few hundred young people carrying sticks, spears and machetes, U.N. officials said. The mission deployed peacekeepers and armored personnel carriers to secure Wau's airport and patrol in and around the city. About 5,000 people, mostly women and children, escaped the fighting and sought protection at a local base of the U.N. mission in Wau, officials said. "Earlier today, many of those who sought U.N. protection and stayed overnight left the base to inspect their homes -- a significant number of civilians, mainly women, children and the elderly, remain in the U.N. base and continue to be protected," said U.N. spokesman Eduardo Del Buey at U.N. headquarters in New York. "The U.N. mission continues to safeguard the airport and has conducted patrols to assess the situation in the city and affected outlying settlements," Del Buey told journalists. "The mission is also redeploying additional peacekeepers to Wau in order to assist in the protection of civilians." Del Buey said the U.N. Mission in South Sudan is urging authorities and community leaders to "exercise restraint and engage in peaceful dialogue in order to prevent a further deterioration of the fragile situation." Peacekeepers are working closely with South Sudan -- which has sent more police to Wau and is investigating the violence, officials said. South Sudan is the world's newest country. It became independent six years after the signing of a peace deal that ended the war between northern and southern Sudan. Journalist Jared Ferrie and CNN's Joe Sterling contributed to this report .
highlights: A decision to switch a local government headquarters stirs anger . Several thousands fled to safety at a U.N. base . South Sudan is the world's newest country .
id: c9125c1117053947d4e5f9b8c6fbcdb2f93d8515
chatgpt: The decision to switch the headquarters of a local government in South Sudan has led to outrage amongst citizens, sparking mass protests and mass exodus from the region. Reports have emerged of several thousands of people fleeing to safety at a United Nations base in the area. South Sudan, often hailed as the world's newest country, has been in a state of turmoil ever since the country gained independence from Sudan in 2011. The country has been plagued by civil war and political unrest, leading to profound economic instability and social unrest. In recent months, the South Sudanese government has been making efforts to reorganize local government structures, in order to better allocate resources and cater to the needs of the local population. However, the decision to relocate the headquarters of the local government has sparked a wave of protests that have spiraled out of control. According to local sources, the move has been met with fierce resistance from the community, with citizens taking to the streets to voice their anger at what they see as an unjust decision. Demonstrators claim that the move is unfair, and that it will only serve to widen the gap between the government and the population. As tensions continue to escalate, reports of violence have also surfaced, with clashes between protestors and security forces leading to widespread casualties. The situation has now spiraled out of control, and the United Nations has issued a statement urging both sides to exercise restraint. Despite the best efforts of the UN, it seems that the crisis in South Sudan is far from over. As the local government struggles to maintain control over the situation, many citizens are being forced to flee their homes in search of safety and security. The UN has set up temporary relief camps in the region, providing residents with essential supplies and medical assistance. But with so many people displaced and living in cramped conditions, the situation is far from ideal. The crisis in South Sudan is a stark reminder of the challenges that many newly-independent countries face. As the struggle for power and resources continues to play out, it is ordinary citizens who are bearing the brunt of the chaos and instability. While there is hope that a peaceful resolution can be reached, it is clear that the situation in South Sudan will require the sustained attention and commitment of the international community in order to prevent a greater catastrophe.