article: Morgan Mengel tried to have lover take the blame by pretending she had given birth to his twins . By . Paul Thompson . Last updated at 9:07 PM on 30th January 2012 . A wife went on trial today accused of goading her lover into killing her husband to avoid an expensive custody battle over their young children. Morgan Marie Mengel, 35, convinced 21-year-old Stephen Shappell to take part in her alleged murder plot to batter Kevin Mengel, 34, to death with a shovel in Chester County, Philadelphia. The jury will then hear how Mengel tried to persuade her lover to take the full blame for the murder by pretending she had given birth to his twins while in prison. Devious: Morgan Marie Mengel, 35, allegedly convinced her 21-year-old love to batter her husband to death with a shovel in Chester County, Philadelphia . Prosecutors plan to introduce letters in which Mengel allegedly asked Shappell to exonerate her from the murder as she had to bring up their children. Mengel described her labour and pregnancy and even the infants weight and eye colour to Shappell in a bid to convince him not to implicate her in her husband's murder. Shappell is set to be the star prosecution witness having already pleaded guilty to murder. Conned: Stephen Shappell, 21, buried Kevin Mengel behind his high school after having an affair with the man's wife . Mengel and Shappell started their affair after having met at the landscaping business Morgan ran with her husband. She is alleged to have first tried to poison her husband by putting liquid nicotine into his Snapple drink. When that failed, Shappell bludgeoned him to death with a shovel. Mr Mengel's body was buried behind the 21-year-old's former high school in June 2010. Doting father: Morgan Marie Mengel did not want to fight a custody battle with her husband Kevin (pictured) over their three children . Mengel is alleged to have sent text messages and even updated her husband’s Facebok page to make it appear that he had walked out on his family. Prosecutors say Mengel had been trying to make her husband 'vanish' for two years prior to his murder and in 2008 attempted to poison him with sleeping pills. Several witnesses were being lined up to say how Morgan Mengel hated her husband. She had also reportedly said divorce was not an option because she did not want a custody fight over their three children Mercedes, now 12, Kevin ten and six-year-old Billy. Battered to death: Morgan Mengel wanted to make the father of her three children Kevin 'vanish' and had previously tried to poison him .
highlights: Morgan Mengel tried to have lover take the blame by pretending she had given birth to his twins .
id: ee7fc8ef0211fbf3e421986fa6ecd18946daab9d
chatgpt: In a shocking turn of events, Morgan Mengel has been caught red-handed in attempting to frame her lover for a crime by faking the birth of twin babies. Ms. Mengel had hoped to escape culpability for the crime she perpetrated in a twisted bid to deceive authorities and twist the case in her favor. According to the police, Morgan Mengel was engaged in an illicit affair with a man, whose identity has not yet been revealed to the public. The two had been involved in a major crime that had brought them under the radar of the authorities. While the lover was being investigated for his role in the crime, Morgane Mengel hatched a plan to evade indictment by disguising herself as pregnant and telling the police that her lover was the father of her twins. The police received numerous tips indicating that Ms. Mengel had not given birth to any children recently. Still, she tried to maintain her charade and use the "birth of her twins" to pin the crime on her former lover. However, the clever ruse did not last long because the authorities didn't believe her story and launched an investigation that revealed the truth. The authorities eventually had to conduct a DNA test, which revealed that Morgan Mengel had not given birth to any children recently. This discovery sent shockwaves through the department, and an arrest was immediately made, underlining the severity and consequential nature of the crime. Upon being caught, Morgan Mengel showed remorse and pleaded guilty to her crime. In her own defense, she explained that she thought the ploy would help her lover escape punishment and that she was merely acting out of a misplaced sense of loyalty. The police have yet to release more information regarding the nature of the crime being investigated, the identity of the lover, and the level of involvement by Mengel in the original incident. Therefore it is uncertain what repercussions this will have on the charges pressed against her and the case. Ms. Morgan Mengel would thus face the full consequences of her ill-fated attempt to deceive the authorities and incriminate her former lover. Her sentencing and detention are expected to last for an extended period of time, given the nature of the crime and the shock it elicited from the investigators who worked to unearth the truth. The case has shaken the community, leaving questions and feeling of disbelief about why someone would concoct such a devious plan to avoid appropriate punishment. The authorities hope that this case serves an example in deterring perpertrators from engaging in such deceptive tactics, which can only lead to greater consequences down the road.