article: By . Steve Nolan . PUBLISHED: . 13:21 EST, 13 June 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 03:32 EST, 14 June 2013 . Documentary-makers in Germany have claimed that legalising prostitution has turned the country's capital Berlin into 'Europe's biggest brothel.' Sex trade laws were radically liberalised by the German government in 2002 but a documentary called Sex - Made In Germany estimates that one million men pay for sex every day. The film was based on two years of research captured using hidden cameras and explores Berlin's world of 'flat-rate' brothels where customers pay €49 (£42) for as much sex as they want. Sex for sale: Around a million men are paying for sex every day in Germany according to a new television documentary. Hamburg's Reeperbahn red light district is pictured. Laws were originally relaxed in the hope that they would offer a degree of protection to prostitutes who now have access to health insurance and benefits. But more than a decade on the changes in the law have brought criticism from those who claim that they have simply made it easier for traffickers to force foreign women into prostitution, according to The Guardian. It is thought that around two thirds of the country's 400,000 sex workers come from abroad. But according to figures from the Federal Criminal Police Office (BKA) the number of reported cases of sexual trafficking in 2011 in Germany - 636 - were down by a third on a decade earlier. Red light districts have also become much more prominent in Germany's major cities - there are between 3,000 and 3,500 established brothels in Germany and the trade is now big business. Big business: There are an estimated 400,000 sex workers in Germany and around two thirds of those are said to be from abroad . According to public services union Ver.di, some 14.5billion Euros is accrued by the sex trade in Germany annually. Roshan Heiler, head of counselling at the Aachen branch of women's rights organisation Solwodi, is unsurprised by the numbers of men paying for sex because it is so cheap and they won't get prosecuted. Defending the laws, Monika Lazar, of the Alliance 90/Greens party, told The Guardian: 'Prostitution is still socially stigmatized, but the law is helping to strengthen the position of prostitutes and ensuring women and men are better protected.'
highlights: Germany's prostitution laws were relaxed by the government back in 2002 . Now an estimated one million men pay for sex in the country each day . A television document has claimed that Berlin is 'Europe's biggest brothel'
id: a426f2a2faf65eb4f7e19e8ba0977a7a7313dc6d
chatgpt: Germany's prostitution laws were relaxed by the government back in 2002, allowing sex workers to operate legally and pay taxes. However, a new investigation has claimed that the country's capital, Berlin, has become "Europe's biggest brothel" with an estimated one million men paying for sex every day. The German government believed that relaxing prostitution laws would help to control the industry and reduce trafficking by providing sex workers with better working conditions and legal protection. However, critics argue that it has only led to an increase in the number of brothels and illegal activities. One of the key issues highlighted in the recent TV documentary was the exploitation of foreign sex workers who are brought into the country illegally and forced to work in the industry. Women from countries such as Romania and Bulgaria are often promised work in other industries but are instead forced into prostitution upon arrival in Germany. Moreover, the investigation exposed the links between the brothels and organised crime, with gangs from Eastern Europe said to be controlling many of the establishments in Berlin. The documentary also claimed that the police were aware of these links but were failing to take sufficient action to tackle the problem. Additionally, the investigation revealed that many of the sex workers in Berlin were underage or working against their will. Amnesty International has previously called on the German government to strengthen its laws and improve the protection of sex workers' rights. However, despite these calls, the new report suggests that little has been done to address these issues. The situation in Berlin has sparked renewed debate about the impact of legalising prostitution and has raised questions about whether the German government needs to do more to protect sex workers from exploitation and abuse. Some activists are calling for stricter regulations and tighter controls on the industry, while others argue that legalisation has provided greater job security and a better quality of life for sex workers. Despite the controversy surrounding the issue, it appears that for now, the sex industry in Germany and particularly in Berlin, remains largely unregulated and open to exploitation. As the country continues to grapple with the challenges of prostitution and trafficking, many are calling for a more comprehensive approach to tackling the issue and ensuring that sex workers are protected and treated with dignity and respect.