article: (CNN) -- Discovery astronauts Steve Bowen and Alvin Drew are scheduled for a six-hour spacewalk outside the international space station Monday. The team prepared by holding a 14-hour "campout" in the station's Quest airlock. "The airlock's atmospheric pressure will be lowered to help purge nitrogen from Bowen and Drew's bloodstreams, protecting them from 'the bends' when they leave the airlock for the vacuum of space," a statement on NASA's website said. They will install a power extension cable, move a failed ammonia pump and perform other operations outside the shuttle during the spacewalk. Discovery started its 39th and final flight with a launch late Thursday afternoon from Kennedy Space Center in Florida. Originally scheduled for November, the shuttle's launch had been delayed to make repairs to the external tank's support beams. Astronauts spent Sunday moving items brought up on Discovery over to the space station. On Tuesday, day six of the mission, astronauts will work to attach a permanent module -- known as Leonardo -- to the station. The module will be home for experiments in fluid physics, materials science, biology, biotechnology and other subjects. The Discovery crew is headed by Steve Lindsey. Bowen, a late addition, became the first astronaut to fly consecutive missions after he was assigned to take the place of Tim Kopra when Kopra was injured last month in a bicycle accident, according to NASA. Prior to Thursday's launch, Discovery had spent 352 days in orbit, circling the Earth 5,628 times. It has also carried 246 crew members, more than any space vehicle in history. "In a way, it's ... sad to see the last flight," astronaut Steven Swanson said Thursday. "It's such a wonderful vehicle." The last scheduled launch of Space Shuttle Endeavour is set for April 19. It will be commanded by Mark Kelly, the husband of U.S. Representative Gabrielle Giffords, who is recovering from being shot last month in Tucson, Arizona. The last shuttle mission will be Atlantis, tentatively scheduled to launch during the summer. Discovery was the first space shuttle to dock with a space station of any kind when it met up on June 4, 1998, with Russia's now defunct Mir space station. The craft also was the first to hook up with the international space station, doing so on May 29, 1999, according to NASA. Saturday's event marked the 13th such docking for the Discovery.
highlights: Astronauts are preparing for a spacewalk with a 14-hour "campout" A night in the space station's airlock will ready astronauts for the vacuum of space . Discovery was the first space shuttle to dock with the space station in 1999 .
id: a6b0b984e62dde8af0a6064bc9fa0a88564a9377
chatgpt: As the International Space Station orbits around 400 kilometers above the Earth's surface, a team of astronauts is preparing to embark on a mission that can only be described as out of this world. These brave space explorers are gearing up for a spacewalk that will require them to spend 14 hours in a vacuum-like environment, and to ready themselves for the challenge, they are undergoing a "campout" in the station's airlock. The spacewalk is slated to take place on the outer deck of the space station, where the astronauts will perform a series of maintenance tasks, including the installation of new equipment, the testing of scientific instruments, and the repair of faulty equipment. However, before they can venture out into the harsh vacuum of space, they must first spend a night in the small, confined space of the airlock, which simulates the conditions of the space environment. This procedure, known as the "campout" protocol, is designed to help the astronauts adapt to the changes in pressure and oxygen levels that they will encounter during the spacewalk. The airlock is depressurized to a level that is equivalent to the vacuum of space, allowing the astronauts to acclimate to the conditions they will face outside the safety of the space station. The astronauts will wear their spacesuits and use the equipment that they will be taking with them on the spacewalk, including their communication devices, tethers, and safety tools. The whole experience is meant to mimic the challenges of the actual spacewalk, giving the astronauts a sense of what to expect when they finally venture outside. The historic significance of this spacewalk cannot be overstated. The first space shuttle, Discovery, docked with the space station in 1999, establishing the relationship between the two spacecraft that has enabled the ongoing scientific and technological research taking place on the station ever since. The first spacewalk from the station took place in 2001, and since then, astronauts have continually pushed the boundaries of space exploration, performing ever-more complex tasks in the challenging environment of space. As the astronauts prepare for their spacewalk, they are keeping in mind the importance of the work they are carrying out, and the contribution it will make to our understanding of the universe. From the perspective of the average person on Earth, it may seem like a far-off and distant endeavor, but the scientific discoveries and technological advancements that result from this work will have far-reaching implications for our planet and its inhabitants. As the excitement builds for the upcoming spacewalk, the astronauts themselves remain calm and focused, knowing that they are part of an ongoing mission to explore the frontiers of space and unlock the secrets of the universe. For these intrepid space explorers, the "campout" in the airlock is just the first step in a long journey that will take them to the outer reaches of our solar system and beyond.