article: Power couple: Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt in Sydney last week. The Oscar-winning actress was reportedly spotted house hunting in Marylebone . They already own a sprawling Los Angeles home and a 35-bedroom French chateau - and now Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie are thought to be looking for a base in London. The Oscar-winning actress was spotted house hunting in Marylebone, according to reports, sparking rumours that the Hollywood power couple could be looking for a new home. If they do buy in the upmarket area, they will be moments away from celebrity hotspot the Chiltern Firehouse - where Jennifer Aniston, Princess Beatrice and Kylie Minogue have dined this month. Jolie has looked at homes priced at up to £20million, a local source told The Sunday Times. Earlier this week it was revealed that a number of lavish apartments have gone on sale in the area, part of a new property development called The Chilterns. One four-bedroom penthouse - which boasts David Bailey artwork and an in-house chef - is on the market at £25million. Perks include an on-site gym and a 24-hour hotel-style concierge which will take care of everything from travel arrangements and theatre tickets to dry cleaning and shopping. And a neighbouring plot, designed by top architects Squire & Partners, is on the market for £12.6million. It is not yet clear whether Jolie and Pitt are planning to move with their six children to London permanently. Their main home is Chateau Miraval, their sprawling estate nestled in an ancient village in the south of France. The property is surrounded by a moat, and boasts a spa, two gyms, and an indoor swimming pool. The couple chose the stunning chateau as the venue for their private wedding ceremony - attended by just 22 guests - this summer. If they do splash out on a London home, they will be the latest in a string of A-listers to snap up property in the UK. Luxury: Earlier this week it was revealed that a number of lavish apartments have gone on sale in the upmarket area of Marylebone, part of a new property development called The Chilterns, pictured above . High-end: The penthouses, such as the one above, have been designed by top architect firm Squire & Partners and interior designer Rabih Hage. Perks include an on-site gym and a 24-hour hotel-style concierge . Last month it was reported that the couple's close friend George Clooney bought a multi-million-pound riverside home in Oxfordshire for his new bride Amal Alamuddin. The facilities they can enjoy include a state-of-the-art spa complex and a cinema room. And Oscar-winning actress Jennifer Lawrence was reportedly looking at a number of multi-million pound properties in London's trendy Belsize Park. MailOnline has contacted Angelina Jolie's representative for comment. Sprawling: The couple's main home is Chateau Miraval, their sprawling estate nestled in an ancient village in the south of France, pictured above. It was the venue for their private wedding ceremony this summer .
highlights: Angelina Jolie was reportedly seen looking for houses in Marylebone . She and Brad Pitt already own a Los Angeles home and a French chateau . If they do buy in the area they will be moments from Chiltern Firehouse .
id: 4a83120e7ce49d808d222b1ad5a9218332dc015e
chatgpt: Hollywood superstar Angelina Jolie was reportedly spotted looking for new houses in London's Marylebone district. According to sources, the A-list actress and filmmaker was accompanied by her team and spent a considerable amount of time exploring properties in the desirable area. Jolie, who is known for her breathtaking beauty and admirable philanthropic work, already owns a sprawling mansion in Los Angeles and a stunning chateau in France. Reports suggest that Jolie is considering purchasing another property in the United Kingdom, specifically in the Marylebone area. If she does decide to buy in the area, she will be minutes away from Chiltern Firehouse, a popular celebrity hotspot where many A-listers frequent. Marylebone itself is one of the most sought-after areas in London, well known for its chic boutiques, trendy cafes, and celebrity sightings. Jolie is no stranger to the UK, having previously lived in a stunning riverside property in Richmond, South West London back in 2012. She temporarily moved to the UK with her ex-husband, Hollywood actor Brad Pitt, while filming the fantasy drama Maleficent. The couple also owns a winery in the south of France, and their Los Angeles home is a sprawling estate that they purchased in 1994. While it is unclear why Jolie is considering buying property in Marylebone, sources suggest that she may be looking for a new base to expand her humanitarian work. The actress has been involved in numerous philanthropic endeavors and currently serves as UNHCR's Special Envoy on Refugees. She has also been actively involved in political causes and has spoken out about human rights violations around the world. In addition to her philanthropic work, Jolie has also been busy on the career front. She recently directed the action film "Those Who Wish Me Dead," in which she also starred, opposite actor and musician Finn Little. The movie, which was released in May 2021, received mixed reviews from critics. Jolie's love life has also been in the news recently. The actress has been romantically linked with British rapper and actor Michaela Coel since the two were seen leaving a London restaurant together in July. Jolie's relationship with her ex-husband, Brad Pitt, has also been in the headlines for years, with the two going through a highly publicized divorce after being together for over a decade. Despite her personal life being the subject of much scrutiny, Jolie continues to remain focused on her work and philanthropic endeavors. If she does end up purchasing a property in Marylebone, it will certainly be an exciting new chapter in the life of one of Hollywood's biggest stars.