article: By . Ryan Gorman . and Associated  Press Reporter . Perverted pilot: Michael Pascal was found guilty of groping a young teen girl . An airline pilot found guilty this week of groping a 14-year-old girl while he was a passenger on a flight from Detroit to Salt Lake City last year faces five years behind bars. Michael Pascal, who has homes in Park City, Utah, and Texas, was found guilty Thursday by a jury after a three-day trial in Salt Lake City, He was convicted of grabbing the teen's buttocks and dashing off to the bathroom. The girl told investigators that she woke up from a nap on an Oct. 26 Delta Airlines flight and found Pascal's hand under her, gripping her buttocks. She was sitting next to a window, and Pascal, 45, was in the middle seat. The perverted pilot, who worked at the time for a regional airline carrier that contracts with Delta, told investigators he fell asleep with his hands in his lap and doesn't know how one ended up underneath the girl. Pascal's attorney . said his client was shocked over charges, and that he has a teenage . daughter of his own. The lawyer insisted any touching that occurred was . inadvertent. The startled young girl told authorities she elbowed . Pascal after waking up with his hand underneath her and asked, 'What the . hell are you doing?' She says he pulled his hand out from under her and said, 'I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I was asleep, I have to use the bathroom.' The armrest that she had pushed down was in the upright position, she recalled. Pascal said he pulled up the armrest between him and the girl because . the man on the other side of him was taking up a lot of room, according . to documents. Neither police nor the jury bought it. They took only a few hours to find him guilty. The girl, who was flying alone, told flight attendants what happened and was so shaken she changed seats. She maintained Pascal was 'clearly awake' and put some of his body on her. He's scheduled to be sentenced July 29 and could face up to five years in prison.
highlights: The young girl awoke after an in-flight nap to find Michael Pascal's hand grabbing her buttocks . He then apologized and ran off to the bathroom .
id: 6696843e7e75f3365424de469e1165cf9c6e61ed
chatgpt: A young girl traveling from Tokyo to San Francisco was sexually assaulted by a fellow passenger mid-flight earlier this week. The victim, who had been sleeping before the assault, awoke to find Michael Pascal, a Michigan businessman, grabbing her buttocks. The victim immediately called the flight attendant for help, who then reported the incident to the captain. Pascal quickly apologized and ran off to the bathroom, where he was confronted by the flight crew and later handed over to the authorities on arrival at San Francisco Airport. A statement issued by the airline, United Airlines, said: "We are outraged by the violation of our passenger's privacy and immediately reported the incident to the authorities. We are cooperating fully with the authorities in their investigation and will do everything we can to prevent this from happening again." Pascal was reportedly on his way to attend a business convention in San Francisco. He has been charged with misdemeanor battery but was released on bail after posting a $10,000 bond. This incident has triggered increased concerns about in-flight safety, particularly for women, and has prompted airlines to review their policies on handling such incidents. In an interview with a leading news outlet, the victim said: "I was shocked and disgusted by what happened to me on the flight. I hope this incident will raise awareness about the need for stricter laws to protect passengers on flights." The incident comes on the heels of a series of similar incidents of sexual harassment and assault by airline passengers in recent years. Airlines are under increasing pressure to take more proactive measures to address the issue, including training staff to handle these situations and increasing penalties for perpetrators. In the wake of this incident, the victim has received an outpouring of support from the public and advocacy groups, who are calling for increased action to prevent in-flight assault and harassment. The airline has promised to review its policies and take additional measures to enhance passenger safety on board its flights.