article: BAGHDAD, Iraq (CNN)  -- Four thousand women are running for office in Iraq's provincial elections Saturday, and many of them will be guaranteed seats under an electoral quota system. Iraqi women show off their ink-stained fingers after voting Saturday in Baghdad. Regardless of the votes their candidates receive, parties are required to give every third seat to a woman,  according to a report this week from the International Crisis Group. The ultimate share of seats held by women will depend on the distribution of votes among parties, the report said. Some women candidates say these elections -- only the second provincial elections since the fall of Saddam Hussein -- are a chance to improve their standing in Iraqi society. Nibras al-Mamuri is a secular female candidate who argues that fundamentalists have taken over the country. She says it was the 2005 elections that brought them into power and tarnished Islam's image in Iraq. Al-Mamuri, who is running for the Baghdad provincial council, says it's time for a change.  Watch how women are trying to bring change to Iraq » . "Although a woman's role in the Arab world is mainly that of a mother and child bearer," she said, "I want to prove that women are just as capable as men when it comes to challenging arenas." At first, al-Mamuri said, she thought just participating in the elections as a woman was enough. But now, she says she is running to win in order to defy men who believe a woman's place is in the home. "I've entered a battlefield where women have to prove they are competent," she said. "I have to forget about fear." In recent years, Iraqi women have been targeted by extremists for a variety of reasons -- from not covering their hair to entering the political arena. Under Hussein, Iraq was one of the more secular Arab countries, but the 2003 U.S. invasion unleashed extremist militias. Now, many activists say women have been forced back to the Dark Ages, forced to be submissive, anonymous and fully veiled. Al-Mamuri said she believes Saturday's vote can help women improve their position in society. "An Iraqi woman can be an equal. She can participate in change," she told CNN. The image of a woman posing a public and direct challenge to fundamentalists and their beliefs was not seen in the 2005 vote. "Iraqi women form the core of society," said Rissala Khalid, another female candidate in Baghdad. Passing out her campaign card, Khalid told young women that she will fight for their rights, and told young men that she will try to provide jobs for Iraq's largely unemployed youth. CNN's Arwa Damon contributed to this report.
highlights: Female candidates seek to change women's status in Iraqi society . Many will be guaranteed seats under electoral quota system . Candidate says she's running to challenge fundamentalist beliefs about women .
id: dd45d1c1ab99cf28fd1024d1772d9fa9957d4e37
chatgpt: In a bid to change the status of women in Iraqi society, several female candidates are vying for seats in the upcoming parliamentary elections. With the implementation of an electoral quota system, many of these women are guaranteed to secure seats in parliament. One of the candidates, Shireen Ahmed, is running for office with a mission to challenge the fundamentalist beliefs about women that have long been entrenched in Iraqi society. Speaking to reporters, Ahmed said that she is determined to make a difference and to fight against the gender-based discrimination that has held women back for far too long. "Historically, women in Iraq have never had the same opportunities as men," Ahmed said. "We have been held back by conservative beliefs and a culture that does not value the contributions of women. But now, we have the chance to finally make a change." Ahmed is just one of the many women running for office in this year's elections. Under Iraq's electoral quota system, at least 25% of the seats in parliament are reserved for women. Additionally, many political parties have agreed to nominate women candidates in order to ensure that the quota is met. For women in Iraq, this is a momentous opportunity. It is a chance for them to finally have a seat at the table and to have their voices heard. It is also a chance for them to challenge the entrenched gender norms that have held them back for far too long. According to a recent report by the United Nations, Iraqi women face a wide range of challenges, including discrimination, violence, and limited access to education and employment. However, the implementation of the electoral quota system has been a step in the right direction. It has opened up new opportunities for women in politics and has given them a platform to advocate for their rights. Ahmed hopes that by winning a seat in parliament, she will be able to use her position to promote gender equality and to challenge the cultural norms that have held women back. "I am running for office because I believe that women deserve better," Ahmed said. "We deserve to be treated as equal to men, and we deserve to have our voices heard. By working together, we can create a better future for all Iraqi women." As the elections draw near, it is clear that women are poised to make a significant impact on Iraqi politics. With their perspectives and experiences, they will bring a unique perspective to the table and will help to shape the future of the country.