article: (CNN) -- "This is the Charm Blow, we are abandoning ship." With that message -- delivered at 4:20 p.m. Sunday -- radio communication between the boat and the Coast Guard went dead. Since then, searchers have been scouring the waters off San Francisco for the reported occupants of a 29-foot sailboat -- a couple, their 4-year-old child and the child's cousin, who the Coast Guard said is younger than 8. Coast Guard spokeswoman Pamela Boehland said the search will continue through the night. The man had called the Coast Guard an hour earlier to say that the boat had begun taking on water and its electronics were failing, the Coast Guard said. At that time, the boat was some 65 miles (105 kilometers) off Pillar Point, south of San Francisco. The four might have boarded a life raft, said the Coast Guard, which appealed to the public for help Monday in identifying the missing seafarers. "We don't have a lot of information to go on," Boehland told CNN. "All we know is that there were those four people on board and the two young children, and we're hoping that there is still time to save them." The focus of the search was 60 to 65 miles off Monterey Bay, said Lt. Heather Lampert, a Coast Guard spokeswoman. Several aircraft and vessels have joined the search. Asked about the possibility that the report could be a hoax, given that no one has come forward to identify a family as missing, the Coast Guard said that it operates under the assumption that such reports are legitimate. If the boat did not have a life raft, the chances of survival are slim, said Mario Vittone, a recently retired Coast Guard helicopter rescue swimmer and a marine safety specialist. "They're not going to live long, even in life jackets," he said. "That's cold water out there." According to the National Oceanographic Data Center, the water temperature off San Francisco was 49.3 degrees Fahrenheit (9.6 C). Marine accidents in waters below 50 degrees F are five times more likely to end in death, Vittone said. Computer models will factor in currents, weather and wind to create search patterns to focus searchers' efforts, he said. The search will continue until the four are found or until the limits of survivability have passed, he said. Three years later, no sign of missing family .
highlights: NEW: Coast Guard will continue search into Tuesday, spokeswoman says . Coast Guard appeals to the public for help in identifying the missing family . A couple, their 4-year-old child and a cousin are missing, the Coast Guard says . The boat was taking on water, the Coast Guard says .
id: 99173c335e54b6fabd87953181fb0ca20eb4eb79
chatgpt: The Coast Guard has officially announced that they will continue their search into Tuesday for a missing family who went out on a boating trip over the weekend. The family, consisting of a couple, their 4-year-old child, and a cousin, were reported missing after their boat was taking on water. According to a spokesperson for the Coast Guard, the search effort will continue throughout the day on Tuesday with a plea for the public's assistance in identifying the missing family. The Coast Guard has reached out to the public, asking anyone who might have information on the family's whereabouts to come forward. The search effort has been ongoing since Sunday after the family failed to return from their boating excursion. The Coast Guard immediately launched a search and rescue operation in the area where they believed the family was last seen. Several Coast Guard vessels have been deployed, along with helicopter crews and local first responders. Despite the intensive search effort, the family has yet to be located. The Coast Guard emphasizes that the search is still ongoing and they are doing everything possible to locate the missing family members. The family's boat was reportedly taking on water, which is believed to have caused the vessel to capsize. The search area covers a wide range of ocean territory, including the nearby marine reserves and national parks, as well as shoreline areas. The Coast Guard is urging anyone who may have seen the family or their boat to contact the authorities immediately. They are also asking boat owners and operators who were in the area at the time to provide any information that may assist in the search effort. The family's disappearance has sparked widespread concern in the local community, and many have taken to social media to offer their support and condolences to the family. The Coast Guard has expressed their appreciation for the outpouring of support and the efforts of the local community in assisting with the search effort. As the search continues, the Coast Guard emphasized that safety on the water should be a top priority for anyone who plans to go out on a boat or other watercraft. They urge everyone to take appropriate safety measures and follow all safety procedures and guidelines to ensure a safe and enjoyable boating experience.