article: 'Profoundly disturbed': Angela Merkel's response to a survey showing over half of Germans want out of the euro . Angela Merkel was last night said to be ‘profoundly disturbed’ after a poll showed that a majority of Germans want to ditch the struggling euro. Sources in Berlin said the German chancellor was shocked by the evidence of growing Euroscepticism in her country, at a time when Germany is under huge pressure to bankroll a rescue of the single currency. The poll in a German newspaper found that 51 per cent of Germans think the country should return to the deutschmark. It is the first poll to show that more want to leave the euro than stay in it. Only 29 per cent thought Germany would be better off staying inside the 17-strong eurozone. The survey also found that 71 per cent of Germans now believe Greece should be booted out of the single currency unless it acts on promises to tackle its huge debts. Mrs Merkel’s spokesman said she was ‘profoundly disturbed’ by the poll results. Jean-Claude Juncker, the president of the Eurogroup organisation of eurozone finance ministers, last night risked further inflaming opinion in Germany by suggesting Berlin was treating the eurozone ‘as its subsidiary’ and taking decisions solely in its own national interest. ‘Why is it like this?’ he asked. Mr Juncker, who is Luxembourg’s prime minister, said there was ‘no more time to lose’ in saving the single currency – prompting fresh speculation that the European Central Bank is poised to ease the pressure on Spain and Italy by intervening in the markets to cut their borrowing costs. European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso, right, and President of the Euro group and Luxembourg's Prime Minister Jean-Claude Juncker: Mr Juncker has criticised German politicians . Tony Blair yesterday joined the . voices urging Germany to act decisively to end the two-year euro crisis, . which is blamed for prolonging the recession in Britain. 'No room for further concessions': German finance minister Wolfgang Schaeuble says Greece's reforms must be carried out to the letter . He said Germany now had to accept some . form of ‘debt pooling’ across the eurozone – a move that has been . bitterly resisted in Berlin. The former prime minister said it was ‘not surprising’ that Germans are reluctant to pour more money into supporting the euro. But he insisted that continuing to . allow market confidence to drain from the euro is worse because it is . pushing up the cost of rescuing the single currency. However, the growing Euroscepticism in . Germany limits Mrs Merkel’s room for manoeuvre, particularly with . national elections due next year. Economy minister Phillipp Rosler . seized on the poll results, saying there were ‘considerable doubts about . whether Greece is living up to its reform promises’. In a sign of growing global concern . about the euro crisis, US Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner flew to . Germany for talks with German finance minister Wolfgang Schauble and ECB . chief Mario Draghi yesterday.
highlights: Survey comes as expectations grow that Germany will have to play big role in bailing out Greece and Spain . It also shows 71 per cent of Germans think Greece should leave euro if it fails to carry out austerity plan .
id: ccb0f8ad7a71a4804985a810c4c930a4b2274a85
chatgpt: A new survey indicates that more than two-thirds of Germans believe that Greece should exit the Eurozone if it fails to meet its austerity plan. This survey comes amid growing concerns that Germany will be forced to play a significant role in bailing out struggling European nations such as Greece and Spain. The survey, which was conducted by the German research institute Forsa on behalf of Stern magazine, found that 71 per cent of Germans believe that Greece should leave the Eurozone if it fails to carry out its austerity plan. This sentiment was especially strong among respondents who identified as supporters of Chancellor Angela Merkel's conservative Christian Democratic Union party.  The survey also found that only 33 per cent of Germans believe that their country should continue to provide Greece with financial aid, even if it does not implement the agreed-upon measures to improve its economy. Meanwhile, 41 per cent of respondents believe that Germany should not provide any further financial assistance to Greece. The results of the survey come at a time when Greece and other struggling European nations are facing significant economic challenges. The coronavirus pandemic has had a severe impact on economies across the continent, with Greece experiencing a contraction of 8.2 per cent in its GDP in 2020. Germany, as the largest economy in the Eurozone, is seen by many as playing a critical role in keeping the currency union together. However, the survey results suggest that Germans are increasingly skeptical about providing financial aid to struggling nations. Some experts argue that Germany has a moral obligation to help its European partners. "It is in Germany's interest to stabilize the Eurozone and avoid any further crisis," said Clemens Fuest, President of the Munich-based Ifo Institute for Economic Research. However, others argue that Germany should prioritize its own economic interests. "Germany cannot be the ATM of Europe forever," said Alexander Gauland, a senior member of the far-right Alternative for Germany party. The findings of the survey are likely to fuel debates about the role that Germany should play in bailing out struggling European nations. With Greece and other nations in need of financial assistance, it remains to be seen how Germany will respond to these challenges. Overall, the survey underscores the growing divisions within Germany regarding the country's role in the Eurozone. While some Germans believe that their country should continue to provide financial aid to struggling nations, others argue that it is time for Germany to focus on its own interests. As Europe continues to grapple with the economic fallout of the pandemic, it seems likely that these debates will only intensify in the coming months and years. For now, it remains to be seen how Germany will balance its obligations to its European partners with its own economic interests.