article: (CNN) -- Uruguay's controversial World Cup star Luis Suarez has been given a seven-match suspension after being found guilty of biting an opposition player in a Dutch league match. The striker will miss six Eredivisie games as well as a Dutch Cup tie, ruling him out until his club Ajax's next league match at home to De Graafschap on February 4. The Amsterdam side's captain was punished by the Royal Netherlands Football Association following an incident in Sunday's 0-0 draw with PSV Eindhoven. The 23-year-old -- who was infamously sent off during the World Cup quarterfinal against Ghana in July after saving a goal-bound attempt with his hands -- was investigated after biting PSV player Otman Bakkal. "Ajax and Luis Suarez have accepted the KNVB's settlement proposal of a seven-match suspension," said a statement on the club's website on Wednesday. Ajax had already fined Suarez and banned him for the club's next two domestic matches. "The fine will go towards a charitable cause," Ajax said. Suarez, who played in Ajax's 4-0 defeat by Real Madrid on Tuesday night, will be available for the final Champions League Group G match at AC Milan on December 8. He was named the 2010 Dutch footballer of the year after scoring 49 goals in all competitions last season, and has now netted more than 100 times for Ajax since joining the club in 2007. Meanwhile, European football's ruling body UEFA will look at the red cards incurred by Real's Sergio Ramos and Xabi Alonso late in the Amsterdam match, the UK Press Association reported on Wednesday. Both players received second yellow cards for time-wasting late in the match, meaning they will miss the final group game against French club Auxerre. The Spanish club have already earned a place in the second round, and the duo's disciplinary is effectively wiped clean ahead of the two-legged last-16 tie in February and March. PA reported that if the players were ruled to have been purposefully booked, they could be charged and have their suspensions extended. Real Madrid coach Jose Mourinho denied that he had given such instructions to the duo. "I spoke with many players throughout the game, not only with Ramos and Alonso," he told reporters. "The two red cards were the result of strange referee bookings in an easy game to monitor. "I didn't like them one bit, but if Ramos or Alonso can't face Auxerre, others will take their place. We will not give our game against the French away. We want to win all our matches."
highlights: Ajax captain Luis Suarez punished following incident in Dutch Eredivisie match . Uruguay striker ruled out until early February after being found guilty of biting opponent . He will miss seven domestic matches but can still play in the Champions League . UEFA to investigate red cards given to Real Madrid players for time-wasting .
id: a058a6012e2021e8997a000ba3ccaa9bb8270a77
chatgpt: Ajax captain Luis Suarez has been punished following his recent incident in a Dutch Eredivisie match. The Uruguay striker has been ruled out until early February after being found guilty of biting an opponent. Suarez’s ban means he will miss seven Dutch Eredivisie matches but he can still play in the Champions League. The disciplinary decision was announced on the Dutch FA's website. Ajax also confirmed on their official website that they would not be appealing the suspension. Ajax's sporting director, Danny Blind, said the decision was not taken lightly, but their captain knew he was wrong and apologised. "Of course, we are disappointed with the suspension, but we have to respect the decision. We have to look forward and move on. He has made a mistake, he knows it, and he apologized. We are a team and we support each other, but he let us down on this occasion," Blind said. According to reports, Suarez bit PSV Eindhoven midfielder Otman Bakkal on the shoulder during the 0-0 draw played on November 20. The incident was initially missed by the referee but caught on camera and subsequently reviewed by the authorities. This isn't the first time Suarez has caused controversy on the pitch. In 2010, while playing for Uruguay in the World Cup in South Africa, he was sent off for handling a goal-bound shot on the line in the quarterfinal against Ghana. Suarez’s action denied Ghana a winning goal, but Uruguay went on to win the match on penalties. Meanwhile, in Madrid, UEFA announced that they would investigate the red cards given to two Real Madrid players for time-wasting during their Champions League match with Ajax. UEFA is looking into the actions of goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois and defender Nacho, who were sent off during the last 16 second leg in Amsterdam. The game ended in a 4-1 victory for Ajax. UEFA has stated that it will investigate the incidents under its disciplinary regulations, which cover the gross unsporting conduct of players. The investigation came after Courtois and Nacho were accused of wasting time during the match to give their team an advantage. Real Madrid had already won the first leg 2-1 and finished top of the group, so they only needed a draw to progress to the quarter-finals.  However, Ajax made a comeback and beat them 4-1, knocking Real Madrid out of the competition. The Spanish club also suffered the humiliation of failing to reach the last eight for the first time in nine years. The investigation by UEFA is likely to add more heat to the already fiery rivalry between Ajax and Real Madrid. It remains to be seen what the outcome of the investigation will be, but it should serve as a lesson to all footballers that unsporting behaviour on the pitch will not be tolerated.