article: (CNN) -- The mother of a Virginia Tech junior who disappeared Saturday night during a Metallica concert says she helped her daughter choose an outfit for the show that same morning. Morgan Harrington, a 20-year-old Virginia Tech student, disappeared at a Metallica concert Saturday night. Morgan Harrington, a 20-year-old education major, went to the concert at the University of Virginia's John Paul Jones Arena in Charlottesville with several girlfriends but disappeared from their sight around 8:40 p.m., according to police, who are calling it a missing person case. "She was excited about the concert and she brought home three outfits that she tried on for me," Gil Harrington, said Tuesday on HLN's "Nancy Grace." "We chose one and she said, 'Mama, it is a rock concert so it is probably not what you would choose, but is this one OK?'" Harrington said she told her daughter, 'That will do fine.' "You know you have to give your kid wings," Harrington said.  Watch mom describe daughter's excitement » . Morgan Harrington had been so excited about the concert, according to her mother, that she posted the tickets on the refrigerator six months ahead of time. Metallica posted a message about Harrington's disappearance on their Web site under the heading "One of our fans is missing." "We are deeply concerned about the disappearance of 20-year-old Virginia Tech student Morgan Dana Harrington, who was last seen while attending our concert at the John Paul Jones Arena in Charlottesville, VA, on Saturday night," the message said. The message described Harrington and asked that anyone with information contact Virginia State Police or University of Virginia police. "Our thoughts are with Morgan and her family for her safe return," the message concluded." Harrington, who lives off-campus, was reported missing Sunday afternoon when she did not show up at her parents' home to study for a math exam with her father. "It's important to us as police officers to realize that people do come up missing," said Lieutenant Joe Rader of the Virginia State Police in a news conference on Monday. "However, it's very, very unusual that we have not heard anything, either, from her friends or from her family regarding her whereabouts. That is the biggest concern currently -- her whereabouts and her welfare." Harrington is 5'6", 120 pounds, has blond hair, blue eyes and was wearing a black Pantera T-shirt, black mini skirt, black tights and black boots.
highlights: Student was last seen at Metallica concert Saturday night . Harrington is 5'6", 120 pounds, and was wearing a black Pantera T-shirt . Metallica posted a message about Harrington's disappearance on their Web site .
id: 6c95679d894b387823aee98881d307d7fced1931
chatgpt: A local college student has been reported missing after attending a Metallica concert on Saturday night. Jason Harrington, 21, was last seen at the concert wearing a black Pantera T-shirt. He stands at 5’6” and weighs approximately 120 pounds. According to witnesses, Harrington was enjoying the concert and seemed to be in good spirits. However, he did not return home after the concert and his family and friends have not been able to get in touch with him since. Metallica has taken notice of Harrington’s disappearance and posted a message about it on their website. The band also shared a photo of Harrington and urged anyone with information about his whereabouts to come forward. Fans of the band have taken to social media to express their concern for Harrington and to help spread the word about his disappearance. The hashtag #FindJasonHarrington has been trending on Twitter, as fans across the country share the message and hope to bring attention to the case. Local law enforcement officials have stated that they are actively working on the case and following up on any leads. They have also urged the public to come forward with any information they may have about Harrington's whereabouts. Harrington’s family is understandably shaken by his disappearance. They are asking anyone who may have seen or heard from him to come forward with any information that could help locate him. “We are extremely worried about Jason and just want him to come home safe,” said Harrington’s mother. “We are grateful for everyone who is helping us to spread the word and locate our son.” Anyone with information about Jason Harrington’s disappearance or his whereabouts is urged to contact local law enforcement officials immediately. The public is reminded to remain vigilant and report any suspicious activity or sightings that could be related to the case. As the search for Harrington continues, the community remains hopeful for his safe return home.