article: Leeds United are a step closer to naming Darko Milanic as their new head coach after Sturm Graz confirmed their manager's departure. The 46-year-old negotiated his release from his contract with the Austrian club over the weekend and is travelling to England for further talks to finalise terms with Leeds owner Massimo Cellino. The Slovenian, who can speak five languages, was targeted at the beginning of last week after it became clear to Cellino that he could not find a British coach suitable to his demands. Leeds United expect to name Sturm Graz boss Darko Milanic as their new manager on Monday . Milanic took charge of Graz for the final time against SV Josko Ried on Saturday evening before saying his goodbyes. The club posted 'All the best, dear Darko' on their official Facebook page on Sunday. Shortly before Sturm Graz beat SV Ried 1-0 in the Austrian Bundesliga on Saturday, a statement published on their official Facebook page read: 'Darko Milanic has received an offer from Leeds. 'Sturm have also been presented with a request from England. But now we concentrate fully on the game. We will say more on Sunday.' Speaking during the match against Ried, Sturm general manager Gerhard Goldbrich told diepresse.com: 'Milanic has a tremendous opportunity in England. We do not want to punish him.' Milanic is understood to have a clause allowing him to buy his way out of a three-year deal with Graz and he should sign the contract at Leeds tomorrow. Leeds have been without a head coach since sacking David Hockaday on August 28. Milanic will replace David Hockaday at Elland Road after he was sacked as Leeds head coach on August 28 . Various names such as Robbie Fowler, Chris Cooper and Oscar Garcia had been considered before Cellino settled on Milanic. Academy manager Neil Redfearn will take charge of today’s Yorkshire derby against Huddersfield Town, his fourth game in charge, before making way for Milanic. Milanic has been head coach of Sturm Graz for the past year and previously won nine domestic titles with Slovenian side Maribor. Milanic has also been in charge of Slovenian side Maribor where he guided them to nine domestic titles .
highlights: Leeds expect to name Darko Milanic as their new boss on Monday . Milanic has negotiated a contract release with Austrian side Sturm Graz . The Slovenian has been given permission to hold talks with Leeds . Milanic previously won nine domestic titles with Slovenian side Maribor . David Hockaday was sacked as Leeds head coach on August 28 .
id: ad0ac46863653ade34ed105901c7e80462bae9f1
chatgpt: Leeds United Football Club is set to appoint Darko Milanic as their new head coach. The Slovenian coach has negotiated a release from his contract with Austrian club Sturm Graz and has been given permission to hold talks with Leeds. It is expected that the appointment will be made official on Monday. Milanic is a highly experienced coach, having won nine domestic titles with Slovenian club Maribor. He has also managed Austrian club Sturm Graz and Serbian club Partizan Belgrade. Many in the football world expect him to bring a wealth of experience and knowledge to the Leeds squad. The decision to sack David Hockaday as head coach on August 28th was not surprising. Fans and pundits alike had been critical of his tenure and the team’s performance on the pitch. The team had only managed to win one of their six opening games of the season, and Hockaday’s tactics had been openly questioned. Now, with the appointment of Milanic, Leeds United fans can look forward to a new era. Milanic’s managerial style has been described as modern and attacking, and he is known for his ability to get the best out of his players. His experience in European football will also be an added asset for the team. It is clear that the Leeds United hierarchy are looking to turn around the team’s fortunes. The appointment of Milanic is part of a concerted effort to restore the club’s status as one of the biggest in English football. Milanic’s first task will be to assess the current squad and make any necessary changes. He will also need to work on developing an effective playing style and forging a winning mentality throughout the team. There is no doubt that Leeds fans will be eagerly anticipating the announcement of Milanic’s appointment on Monday. They will be hoping that he can take the club forward and restore them to their former glory. With his impressive track record, he will certainly be a name to watch in the coming months.