article: By . Mario Ledwith . PUBLISHED: . 05:18 EST, 15 January 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 05:18 EST, 15 January 2013 . Battle: ESPN sports anchor Stuart Scott, pictured, revealed that he is battling cancer again in a series of messages on Twitter . ESPN sports anchor Stuart Scott revealed that he is battling cancer again in a series of emotional online messages. Only hours after informing followers on Twitter about his diagnosis, Mr Scott went on to host an episode of Sportscenter. He earlier wrote that 'C reared its head again', a reference to his previous battle with cancer. The presenter said that he was 'back in the fight' and told fans that he was 'blessed by prayers'. Mr Scott informed his followers that he would be undergoing chemotherapy every two weeks, but defiantly added: 'I'll still work, still workout.' The presenter first faced the illness in 2007 when a malignancy had to be treated with chemotherapy. Scott revealed his determination, saying that he would fight with 'all C survivors & loved ones'. He added: 'Cancer wants to re-appear..picked the right guy cuz I HIT HARD all day long!!' The anchor retweeted messages of support from fans, including high-profile figures from the world of sport, such as Robert Griffin III and Russell Wilson . After his late night broadcast he wrote: 'Just walked off the set of Sportscenter. OVERWHELMED at the twitter prayers & well wishes. THANK YOU..everyone. You ALL inspire me!!' An ESPN spokesman said that Mr Scott 'plans to continue to work the best he can around his treatments'. Online: The anchor told followers that 'C reared its head again' but promised to 'still work' and fight the disease . Fighter: Mr Scott has previously fought cancer on two occasions after being diagnosed in 2007 and again in 2011 . Thanks: After announcing his diagnosis, Mr Scott went on to present Sportscenter on ESPN. He thanked fans after the show . On the same night Lance Armstrong . confessed to his drug-taking in a taped interview with Oprah Winfrey, Mr . Scott reserved praise for the cyclist who also battled cancer. Asked how he felt about Armstrong, the presenter wrote: 'I'm 1 of millions of C survivors he's helped. #grateful.' He also referred to Armstrong's charity Livestrong in several of his messages. During . his 2008 treatment, Mr Scott said: 'I'm not the type of guy to let this . eat up my life. I've got strong faith and family and friends who are . tackling this with me.' The TV star also announced that he was . receiving chemotherapy treatment on Twitter in 2011, after doctors . discovered more cancerous tissue. Star: Stuart Scott pictured with actor and member of Bruce Springsteen's E Street Band Steven Van Zandt .
highlights: Stuart Scott said he was 'back in the fight' after 'C reared its head again' The presenter has previously battled cancer on two occasions . Went on to present Sportscenter and will continue work around treatment .
id: 05bab035b15ad2d88e5e4d4563a03bda0bb28e1d
chatgpt: Stuart Scott, an iconic figure in the world of sports journalism, has once again been struck by cancer. The popular ESPN anchor revealed that "C reared its head again," but he was ready to fight back. The news came as a shock to many of his fans, who have followed his journey through two previous bouts with cancer. Scott, who gained fame for his hip-hop catchphrases and boundless energy, first battled cancer in 2007. He underwent surgery for appendiceal cancer and was absent from ESPN for several months. But he returned to the airwaves with renewed vigor, determined to make the most of his second chance. In 2014, Scott announced that he was once again fighting cancer, this time a rare form called synovial sarcoma. He underwent several rounds of chemotherapy and radiation treatment, but again, he refused to let the disease defeat him. He continued to work on ESPN's flagship program, "Sportscenter," even as he battled the side effects of treatment. Now, Scott finds himself facing yet another round of chemotherapy. But he remains undeterred, telling his colleagues at ESPN, "I'm back in the fight." He plans to continue working, albeit with a modified schedule that allows for his treatment. Scott, who has won numerous accolades for his work, including multiple Emmy awards, has become a beloved figure in the world of sports journalism. His willingness to share his battle with cancer has inspired countless others who are also fighting the disease. In an interview with ESPN's Hannah Storm in 2014, Scott opened up about his experience with cancer. He spoke candidly about the fear and uncertainty that comes with a cancer diagnosis, but he also expressed a deep sense of gratitude for the outpouring of support he had received from his fans and colleagues. "I'm not going to lie and say, 'Oh, everything's great and I'm happy all the time,'" Scott told Storm. "But I'm happy right now, and I'm fighting. And I'm not losing." Scott's battle with cancer has also inspired him to become an advocate for cancer research. In 2015, he was awarded the Jimmy V Perseverance Award, named in honor of the late basketball coach Jim Valvano, who famously delivered a moving speech at the ESPY Awards shortly before his death from cancer. Scott's own speech at the awards ceremony was equally emotional, as he spoke about his determination to keep fighting for his family and for others who are also battling cancer. "I'm not losing," he declared. "I'm still here. I'm fighting. I'm breathing." And with those words, Stuart Scott proved once again that he is a true hero, both on and off the air.