article: By . Claire Bates . Hoping for twins? Eating a yam won't make any difference . It is not just children who may be confused about where babies come from. A survey has revealed British couples also hold on to a number of old wives' tales when it comes to getting pregnant. Popular myths include drinking grapefruit juice or cough syrup and planting a rosemary bush. Even in this day and age some women trying for a baby say they think they have a better chance of conceiving if they avoid mints and will have twins if they eat yams. Others fear that eating strawberries or seeing mice during pregnancy could give their babies birthmarks. Another superstition is that a woman who gives gifts of silver will get pregnant, said family planning experts FPA as they launched specially created Fertility Awareness Kits. While much of the advice dates back centuries, some are more modern and scientific - such as advising men to wear boxer shorts to keep sperm at a more ideal temperature. Surprisingly, the survey found half of all couples do not know many of the basic facts about the best ways to conceive, such as when a woman is at her most fertile for instance. And because they get it wrong many couples then start to believe their lack of success is down to a medical problem, said the FPA, who surveyed 1,000 couples. 1. Yams help give you twins . 2. Boxer shorts make men more fertile (looser clothing may actually help) 3. Drink grapefruit juice to get pregnant . 4. Plant a rosemary bush to get pregnant . 5. Women, give a gift of silver to get pregnant . 6. Avoid strawberries - they give babies birthmarks . 7. Don't look at mice, they give babies birthmarks . 8. Drink cough syrup to get pregnant . 9. Men should take their socks off in bed . 10. Avoid mint . The health charity has launched new fertility guidance packs via its website in order to try and shatter some of the myths around pregnancy. The packs include basic information and guidance plus products like folic acid supplements - more useful to women trying for a baby than a rosemary bush or grapefruit juice. Natika H Halil, FPA director of information said: 'Many people trying to conceive have never been taught the basic facts about their own reproductive cycle. 'As a result couples may mistakenly believe themselves to be infertile, causing them to seek expensive fertility treatments and suffer a great deal of stress, when there is really no need. 'Equally, couples with a genuine problem may be waiting for nature to take its course, when in fact there is a fertility issue and they need professional help without delay.' For more visit www.fpadirect.org.uk .
highlights: Women who want to get pregnant should plant a rosemary bush and avoid mints, according to two old wives' tales . Many people have never been taught the basic facts about their own reproductive cycle, says FPA spokesman . Back to Mail Online home . Back to the page you came from .
id: 02dd0415f3d1bac3c8717d3e7d28ae0d369564cb
chatgpt: According to two old wives' tales, women who are trying to conceive should plant a rosemary bush and avoid consuming mints. While these myths may seem dubious at first glance, they have been around for centuries and continue to be popular even in modern times. The idea that planting a rosemary bush can aid in fertility is believed to have originated in ancient Greece. In Greek mythology, rosemary was considered a sacred herb associated with fertility and the goddess Aphrodite. The herb was believed to have a positive effect on the reproductive system, and women were advised to plant rosemary bushes in their gardens to increase their chances of conceiving. Similarly, the belief that consuming mints can hinder fertility also has roots in ancient folklore. In ancient Rome, women were advised not to consume mints as they were believed to have a cooling effect on the body and could therefore interfere with the reproductive process. Some modern-day practitioners of alternative medicine also believe that consuming excessive amounts of mint can disrupt the hormonal balance in the body and lower fertility levels. Despite the prevalence of these old wives' tales, many people today are unaware of the basic facts about their own reproductive cycle. According to a spokesman for the Family Planning Association (FPA), a UK-based sexual health charity, many people have never been taught about their own reproductive system and are often misinformed about how it works. "Education is key when it comes to reproductive health," the FPA spokesman explained. "It's important for people to understand how their own bodies work so that they can make informed decisions about their sexual health and fertility." While there is no scientific evidence to support the notion that planting a rosemary bush or avoiding mints can boost fertility, there are a number of scientifically proven methods that can increase a woman's chances of conceiving. These include having regular sex, maintaining a healthy weight, reducing stress levels, and avoiding alcohol and tobacco. If you are struggling to conceive, it's important to speak to your doctor or a fertility specialist to discuss your options. They can provide guidance on fertility treatments such as IVF and offer advice on how to maximize your chances of conceiving naturally. In conclusion, while old wives' tales about fertility may be fun to discuss and speculate about, it's important to remember that there is no substitute for factual information and sound medical advice. If you are trying to conceive, speak to a healthcare professional and consider incorporating healthy lifestyle choices into your routine.