article: By . Francesca Infante . PUBLISHED: . 21:06 EST, 10 February 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 03:05 EST, 11 February 2013 . 'You may be right': Rupert Murdoch responded to a Twitter user's comments: 'Seriously, we are all so over Page 3' The days of topless models on Page 3 on The Sun newspaper  may be numbered after Rupert  Murdoch agreed they were ‘last century’. The News Corp boss said last night that bare-breasted women on Page 3 had become outdated during an extraordinary Twitter exchange. A Twitter user known only as @Kazipooh told the newspaper magnate: ‘Seriously, we are all so over Page 3 – it is so last century.’ The 81-year-old promptly replied: ‘You may be right, don’t know but considering.’ Mr Murdoch went on to suggest that he had been thinking about other options to modernise the photos and appease the critics who argue the feature is demeaning to women. He added: ‘Perhaps halfway house with glamorous fashionistas.’ Last night the pressure group,  No More Page 3, celebrated the hint that The Sun’s Page 3 girls may be on the way out. Lucy-Anne Holmes began the group last year, setting up a change.org petition to encourage people to appeal to editor Dominic Mohan to ‘take the bare breasts out of The Sun’. She tweeted from the group’s account: ‘We’re really pleased that @rupertmurdoch might be thinking about dropping pg 3 – it’s down to everyone who signed the petition & supported us.’ She said the group had gathered 64,305 signatures. Mr Murdoch’s comments come almost a year after Germany’s biggest selling tabloid Bild decided to drop its controversial ‘Page 1 girls’ to honour International Women’s Day. The newspaper, which had featured a naked woman on its front page since 1984, called the move ‘perhaps a  small step from women’s point of view – but it’s a big step for Bild and all men in Germany’. The Sun began publishing Page 3 girls in 1970, but in recent years the tabloid newspaper has come under increasing criticism for portraying women as sex objects. Extraordinary exchange: The News Corp boss said last night that bare-breasted women on Page 3 had become outdated during a discussion with a Twitter user . 'Perhaps glamorous fashionistas': Mr Murdoch suggested that he had been thinking about other options to modernise the photos and appease the critics who argue the feature in The Sun is demeaning to women .
highlights: Rupert Murdoch responded to a Twitter user's comment: 'Seriously, we are all so over Page 3' He replied 'You may be right, don't know but considering' Pressure group No More Page 3 celebrated the hint .
id: d11280329e060c4496122e4459eee65bae77b272
chatgpt: Media mogul Rupert Murdoch has hinted at the possibility of his newspaper The Sun scrapping its controversial Page 3 feature, following pressure from campaign group No More Page 3. The statement came after a Twitter user challenged Murdoch, saying, "Seriously, we are all so over Page 3". Murdoch's response was: "You may be right, don't know but considering". This tweet was immediately seized upon by No More Page 3, which has consistently campaigned for The Sun to stop publishing topless pictures of women on its Page 3. The group sees the feature as sexist and outdated, and has called on advertisers to withdraw their support. No More Page 3's director, Lucy-Anne Holmes, was ecstatic at the news. "I'm absolutely delighted that Rupert Murdoch has hinted that he might be considering dropping Page 3. It's a huge step forward for our campaign and shows that public pressure is really starting to have an effect," she said. However, The Sun has not confirmed that it will indeed drop the Page 3 feature, which has been a mainstay of the newspaper for over 40 years. Some commentators have suggested that Murdoch's tweet was merely a way of placating critics without actually making any changes. The Sun has previously defended Page 3, saying that it is a popular feature and that the models involved are willing participants. However, critics argue that the feature objectifies women and reinforces gender stereotypes. The debate over Page 3 has been ongoing for years, but the issue came to a head in 2014 when No More Page 3 convinced several major retailers to stop advertising in The Sun. This was seen as a major blow to the newspaper, as advertising revenue is crucial to its survival. Despite this setback, The Sun has not backed down on its support for Page 3. However, with Murdoch's tweet indicating a possible shift in the newspaper's stance, it remains to be seen what the future holds for the controversial feature. In the meantime, No More Page 3 has called on The Sun to make a clear statement on the matter. "We're not going to stop campaigning until Page 3 is gone for good," Holmes said. "It's time for The Sun to show that it takes this issue seriously and make a commitment to ending this outdated and harmful practice." As the debate over Page 3 continues, it is clear that the calls for change will not go away anytime soon. Whether or not Murdoch's tweet leads to real action, it has certainly given hope to those who have been campaigning for years to see an end to this controversial feature.