article: By . Sarah Griffiths . PUBLISHED: . 05:44 EST, 3 December 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 07:10 EST, 9 December 2013 . Macabre yet strikingly beautiful images of skeleton couples have been produced by two Japanese art students. Saiko Kanda and Mayuka Hayashi used a CT scanner and X-ray machine to photograph four couples in intimate embraces - but the results are not in the least bit cuddly. While the photographs might be a simple extension of medical X-rays, they paint an intimate yet eerie picture of human relationships. Saiko Kanda and Mayuka Hayashi used a CT scan and X-ray machine to photograph four couples . The students, from Musashino Art University, Japan, said: ‘X-ray images usually show the finite nature of our bodies composed only of matter.’ ‘But these couples' portraits reveal a pulse that isn’t normally seen.’ The duo won a prize in the recent Mitsubishi Chemical Junior Designer Awards for their stark compositions according to Japanese art and culture blog, Spoon & Tamago. They explained on the Mitsubishi Chemical awards website that they wanted to ‘eliminate the information of two people,’ and get to the bare bones of a relationship, highlighting the 'pulse' between a couple. While the photographs might be a simple extension of medical X-rays, they paint an intimate but eerie picture of human relationships. The students chose to use X-rays to create their art as they show the 'finite nature of our bodies' The artists didn't want to dwell on sentiment like more traditional portraits. Many couple-centred photographs focus on the way two lovers look at each other,but in this new installation, they concentrated solely on the position of the bodies. While the pair are not the first to exploit X-ray machines for art they were interested in the way bones ‘overlap’ between the two transparent bodies. The artists added that the images manage to be both familiar and unusual and are perhaps  compelling because they strip away all the individual characteristics of couples to dwell on the mechanics of the human body.
highlights: Two art students from Musashino Art University, Japan, used an X-ray machine and a CT scanner to create their artworks . They wanted to show the 'finite nature' of the human body and get to the bare bones of couples' relationships . Saiko Kanda and Mayuka Hayashi won a prize in the recent Mitsubishi Chemical Junior Designer Awards for their stark compositions .
id: 7a1343f2dcdd44e54700b69f42ae2bd1bec9e6e7
chatgpt: Two art students from Musashino Art University in Japan have taken an inventive approach to showcasing the "finite nature" of the human body and relationships. Saiko Kanda and Mayuka Hayashi used an X-ray machine and a CT scanner to create their award-winning works of art. Their art pieces feature the skeletal structures of men and women embracing one another. By stripping away the layers of skin, muscle, and tissue, Kanda and Hayashi give viewers a different perspective on the human touch. They aim to convey the interconnected and essential nature of human relationships, as well as their vulnerability and temporariness. The young artists' pieces have garnered significant recognition both within the art world and among industry professionals. They recently won a prize in the Mitsubishi Chemical Junior Designer Awards for their stark compositions. The honor not only acknowledges their artwork's uniqueness but also commends the students for their innovative use of technology. Kanda and Hayashi originally got the idea for their art pieces during a visit to a science museum. They were fascinated by the X-ray machine and the ability to see inside the human body. They decided to explore the concept further in their artwork, and the resulting pieces are both haunting and beautiful. The students' work provides a thought-provoking and philosophical take on human relationships. Their choice to use an X-ray machine and CT scanner ties in with the Japanese art form of shinnō, which depicts transience and the impermanence of things. Kanda and Hayashi bring this tradition into the modern age of technology and art. The recognition for Kanda and Hayashi's art pieces provides an interesting commentary on how technology can influence and enhance artistic expression. Their use of an X-ray machine and CT scanner to capture the human skeleton gives audiences a new way of seeing the beauty in human connection. As the students' work continues to gain attention, it highlights the importance of pushing boundaries and finding innovative ways to express ideas and emotions through art.