article: (CNN) -- "Dancing with the Stars" is down from 13 competitors to 12 after season 19's first elimination on Tuesday. The unlucky star going home was Olympic athlete Lolo Jones, who was part of one of the worst-performing teams during the season premiere on Monday night. Thanks to missed cues, her cha-cha with pro partner Keo Motsepe scored a 22 and put her in danger of being sent home. In the end, it was fashion designer Betsey Johnson, who was in last place on Monday, who gets to dance another week. When her elimination was announced, Jones, who had been openly frustrated about her performance, said she "wouldn't have it any other way." "I know Betsey (Johnson) had a malfunction ... and that was a disadvantage for her," Jones said Tuesday. "I'm glad she's staying, and she deserves to stay." On Facebook, Jones shared with fans how disappointed she was with her "Dancing" routine and her apprehension about the criticism she felt was sure to come in light of past struggles at Olympic games. "When I was dancing last night and messed up I had flashbacks of the three Olympics ... that people constantly tease me about," Jones said. "I thought oh no here it comes again. People are going to ridicule me. I'm so tired of feeling embarrassed." But the tough moment also taught Jones, who is a devout Christian, something about her faith. "My brief time on ‪#‎DWTS‬ was a lasting lesson," she said. "I really wanted to stay on the show and have the layers of hurt wash away by showing the public how hard I work. I wanted to come away a victor for once. ... But that is my way of thinking. Not God's. Instead, I need to trust God that he would heal my heart. ... My time was brief but the lesson is lasting."
highlights: "Dancing with the Stars" competitor Lolo Jones was the first to go home . She said wouldn't have had it any other way . After her performance, Jones said she felt embarrassed .
id: 8f991f395e82cda235d2f2d533ac7c4fb13d2712
chatgpt: Lolo Jones, the Olympic hurdler and bobsledder, was the first competitor to be eliminated from Season 19 of "Dancing with the Stars." Despite the setback, Jones remarked that she wouldn't have had it any other way. After her performance, Jones confessed that she felt embarrassed by her performance. "That was a train wreck," she said. "I don't even think the two [judges] who gave me the five even wanted to do it, to be honest." Jones and her partner, professional dancer Keo Motsepe, received a score of 22 out of 40 from the judges, despite Motsepe's encouraging words before the performance. "I think you're going to be okay," he told her. Although Jones was visibly disappointed by her elimination, she remained positive and grateful for the experience. "I knew it was a possibility coming in," she said. "I'm just grateful for the opportunity to learn how to dance and to be able to get out here and dance on this ballroom floor. It's not every day you get to do that." Jones also took to social media to express her gratitude and to thank her fans for their support. "Thank you to everyone who has followed me on this journey," she wrote on Twitter. "It's been an incredible experience and I wouldn't have had it any other way. Can't wait to keep dancing!" Despite her early exit, Jones will undoubtedly be remembered for her positive attitude and hard work on the show. As for who will win the coveted mirror ball trophy this season, only time will tell.