article: (CNN) -- "Fifty Shades of Grey" has found its new leading man in Jamie Dornan, according to the author of the best-selling trilogy. "Stow your twitchy palms ladies ... our man is here. Welcome to #TeamFifty @JamieDornan1," writer E.L. James said in a Twitter post on Thursday. The author's revelation comes after industry trades like The Hollywood Reporter and Variety cited sources saying the 31-year-old actor has been tapped to replace Charlie Hunnam, the "Sons of Anarchy" actor who was originally cast as Christian Grey and dropped out in mid-October. So far, Universal Studios and the actor's representatives haven't commented on the reports. Dornan's name may not be that familiar to American audiences, but his face might be. The star, who was born in Northern Ireland, got his start as a model for brands like Dior, Armani and Calvin Klein and posed alongside top names like Kate Moss. Jamie Dornan: Who is he? Before he landed acting roles on U.S. shows like ABC's "Once Upon A Time," on which he played the Huntsman/Sheriff Graham, Dornan was known mainly to U.S. celebrity watchers as the guy dating fellow Brit Keira Knightley. In the UK, he stars in the BBC's psychological thriller "The Fall." While Dornan had been considered the front-runner after Hunnam's exit, his wasn't the only name said to be in consideration. The actor reportedly had competition from British actor Christian Cooke, "The Borgias'" Francois Arnaud and "True Blood" star Alexander Skarsgard. Hunnam, meanwhile, is looking forward to family time. Charlie Hunnam speaks on '50 Shades' exit . "I am doing good (after dropping 'Fifty Shades')," the 33-year-old recently told E! News. "Just trying to stay focused and stay positive and keep trying to do a good job at work and be with my family." Hunnam was faced with an onslaught of attention, both positive and negative, after his casting announcement, sparking speculation that he exited the part because of the overwhelming amount of interest. However, studio Universal said Hunnam's TV schedule didn't give him time to adequately prepare to play Christian Grey. Production was expected to begin on the film, adapted from E.L. James' erotic best-seller and to be directed by Sam Taylor-Johnson, in early November. The studio has already announced a scheduled release date of August 1, 2014. Although the project has weathered this casting challenge, its leading lady hasn't gone anywhere. Dakota Johnson, the daughter of Melanie Griffith and Don Johnson who has starred in the TV series "Ben and Kate," is still on board to play protagonist Anastasia Steele. CNN's Carolyn Sung and Henry Hanks contributed to this report.
highlights: NEW: "Fifty Shades" author confirms: Jamie Dornan has been cast as Christian Grey . The 31-year-old is known for modeling for Calvin Klein . He has also appeared in ABC's "Once Upon A Time" "Fifty Shades" is expected to arrive on August 1, 2014 .
id: 2045aadea6a2c9ab9a2ba6085af130759b420e3e
chatgpt: E.L. James, the author of the widely popular erotic book series "Fifty Shades," has finally put an end to the rumor mill regarding who will play Christian Grey in the upcoming film adaptation. 31-year-old Jamie Dornan has been confirmed for the role, sending fans of the book series into a frenzy of excitement. Dornan, who is known for his modeling work with Calvin Klein and has previously appeared on ABC's "Once Upon A Time," seems to be the perfect choice to portray the mysterious and complex character of Christian Grey. Fans were eagerly awaiting the announcement and are now anticipating the release of the movie which is expected to arrive on August 1, 2014. In an interview with E! News, E.L. James spoke of her excitement about the casting decision, saying that she was thrilled to have Dornan on board for the role. She described him as the perfect Christian Grey and thanked the fans for their patience and support. The decision to cast Dornan as Christian Grey was not an easy one, and the production team reportedly auditioned a number of actors before settling on him. However, it is widely believed that Dornan's Calvin Klein modeling experience played a significant role in his casting. Dornan is not a newcomer to the world of film and television, having earned critical acclaim for his performances in a number of independent movies and television shows. However, it is his work as a model that has made him a household name and helped him land the role of Christian Grey. The first "Fifty Shades" book was released in 2011 and quickly became a global phenomenon, with millions of copies sold worldwide. It tells the story of a young, inexperienced college graduate named Anastasia Steele who falls in love with the wealthy and enigmatic Christian Grey. The book's graphic depictions of BDSM relationships generated a lot of controversy and sparked discussions about sexuality and erotic literature. The release of the movie adaptation of "Fifty Shades" is highly anticipated, with fans eagerly awaiting the chance to see their favorite characters come to life on the big screen. The casting of Jamie Dornan as Christian Grey has only added to the excitement and raised expectations even higher. As the release date of August 1, 2014, draws near, fans of the book series will no doubt be counting down the days until they can experience the movie version of "Fifty Shades" and see Jamie Dornan in action as Christian Grey.