article: (CNN) -- A woman accused of scamming nearly half a million dollars from a nonprofit fund benefiting the victims of the Boston Marathon bombings was indicted on Monday, according to a Massachusetts Attorney General. Audrea Gause, 26, was indicted on charges of larceny over $250 and gross fraud by a Suffolk County Grand Jury, according to a statement from the office of Attorney General Martha Coakley. Gause was arrested on July 19 in her hometown of Troy, New York, on a Massachusetts fugitive warrant. She was arraigned in Boston Municipal Court on August 2, where she pleaded not guilty. She is being held on $200,000 cash bail, the statement said. The nonprofit -- The One Fund Boston -- began distributing nearly $61 million to 232 eligible claimants starting June 30, according to a release from the organization. Gause was awarded $480,000 from the fund after claiming she suffered a traumatic brain injury resulting in long-term memory loss, impaired speech and loss of some motor function that would require future surgery as a result of the Boston Marathon bombing, the attorney general's office said. Authorities allege that Gause gave $377,500 of the money she fraudulently obtained from The One Fund to a New York construction company as a down payment on a new home. Investigations also revealed that Gause signed up for a cruise, named the "Heroes Cruise," which was being offered free to victims of the Boston Marathon bombing by a Boston-based travel company, according to the statement. After a tip received by the state attorney general and The One Fund Boston that Gause was not in Boston at the time of the bombing, an official investigation began, Coakley said at a news conference on July 19. That investigation determined that Gause was never a patient at Boston Medical Center for two days or Albany Medical Center for 10 days, as she declared on her notarized claim form, the statement says. "This defendant allegedly attempted to steal from the real victims of the Marathon bombing and we are pleased that we were able to recover this money for The One Fund Boston," Coakley said. The One Fund Boston divided payments between four classifications that were based on the severity of injuries or loss of life, according to the fund's statement. More than 260 people were wounded and three were killed in the double bombings, which took place near the Boston Marathon finish line on April 15. Gause is scheduled to be arraigned in Suffolk Superior Court on October 7. Calls to her attorney, John Hayes, were not immediately returned to CNN on Monday. Coakley's office said two other individuals have been charged with attempted fraud of The One Fund Boston. In August, two brothers from Boston were charged in connection with an attempt to defraud the organization of $2 million after submitting a false claim on behalf of their dead aunt. Woman pleads guilty in Newtown fundraising scheme .
highlights: Audrea Gause is accused of saying she was injured in Boston Marathon bombing . One Fund Boston gave her $480,000, officials say . Tip to police says Gause was not in Boston at time of marathon .
id: 5939c51ac3b4ef0f1b04d54be8625d22dc8b2f37
chatgpt: Audrea Gause, a woman from Troy, New York, has been accused of falsely claiming that she was injured in the Boston Marathon bombing. According to officials, she had received a $480,000 payout from One Fund Boston, a charity set up to assist victims of the bombing, after allegedly misrepresenting her injuries and the severity of the impact they had on her life. However, a recent tip to the police has revealed that Gause was not in Boston at the time of the marathon, sparking further investigations into the matter. The One Fund Boston was established in April 2013, after two explosions rocked the finish line of the annual Boston Marathon, leaving three people dead and several others injured. The charity was set up to provide financial assistance to those affected by the tragedy, and within weeks of the incident, it had received donations from thousands of people worldwide. The fund raised over $80 million, which was distributed to 232 people who were injured in the bombing, and to the families of the three individuals who lost their lives. One of the beneficiaries of the fund was Audrea Gause, who claimed that she had been injured in the second explosion and had suffered a traumatic brain injury as a result of the blast. According to One Fund Boston officials, Gause was paid $480,000 for the injuries she claimed to have sustained, and the charity had no reason to doubt the veracity of her claims. However, a tip received by the Massachusetts Attorney General's office in 2015 raised doubts about Gause's claims. The tipster alleged that Gause was not present in Boston on the day of the bombings, and that she had falsified medical records to support her claim. This tip led to an investigation, which revealed that Gause had indeed submitted false medical records to One Fund Boston in support of her claim. In October 2021, Gause was indicted on charges of larceny over $250 and making a false claim to an insurance agency. Her attorney, however, maintains that Gause was in fact injured in a separate incident and that she had simply confused the dates. He also alleges that the medical records submitted by Gause were genuine and that the prosecution has no strong evidence to prove their case. The case serves as a cautionary tale to charities and individuals alike. While it is important to provide financial assistance to those in need, it is equally important to ensure that the funds are distributed fairly and only to those who are truly deserving. The One Fund Boston has already implemented stronger verification procedures to prevent similar incidents from occurring in the future. As for Audrea Gause, she may face up to 10 years in prison if found guilty of the charges against her. The trial is set to begin in early 2022, and it remains to be seen whether or not she will be able to prove her innocence.