article: AC Milan vice-president Adriano Galliani has confirmed he is in talks with Chelsea for Fernando Torres and Marco van Ginkel. The Italian club are willing to pay Chelsea's asking price for Torres but have no agreement with the player who is on £150,000 a week at Stamford Bridge and would expect a pay-off to leave. Chelsea are receptive to allowing Dutch midfielder Van Ginkel out on loan as he needs games following his cruciate ligament injury last year. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Fernando Torres take on the Ice Bucket Challenge . Put him out of his misery: AC Milan are interested in bringing Fernando Torres to the club . Loan deal: Marco van Ginkel has only played four times for Chelsea, who would be happy to loan him out . Milan want a striker to replace Mario Balotelli but  should Torres refuse to join, they have sounded out Liverpool striker Fabio Borini for a potential loan as well as Roberto Soldado of Tottenham and Konstantinos Mitroglou of Fulham. Galliani told Milan Channel: 'Our goal is to take a great striker. Fernando Torres? He is a great striker. Let’s see if he comes or someone else. We are actively working. 'Van Ginkel? We are confident. We have made our proposal to Chelsea and are now waiting on an answer. We hope we can get him.' Target: Liverpool's Fabio Borini has also attracted the interest of AC Milan and would be cheaper than Torres . Meanwhile, Chelsea midfielder George Saville has joined Wolves in a £1million deal. Saville, 21, has signed a three-year contract. Saville will be followed out of Chelsea by Patrick Bamford, 20, who is joining Middlesbrough on loan for the season and he is expected to be joined later in the week by Chelsea Under 21 captain Lewis Baker. Middlesbrough are also working to sign winger Yanic Wildschut, 22, from Heerenveen. However, Heerenveen's technical manager Hans Vonk is reluctant to let Wildschut leave. Struggling: Roberto Soldado has been a disappointment at Tottenham, and Milan may make a move for him .
highlights: AC Milan have confirmed they're in talks with Chelsea over Fernando Torres and Marco van Ginkel . Torres would expect a hefty pay-off from Chelsea were he to leave on a permanent deal . Chelsea happy for Dutch midfielder Van Ginkel to move to Milan on loan . The Italian club are also interested in Liverpool's Fabio Borini, Tottenham's Roberto Soldado, and Fulham's Konstantinos Mitroglou .
id: 1b98afe047e39c1b9e45453e7bdd8ed2603ff017
chatgpt: AC Milan, the Italian Serie A club, has confirmed that it is in talks with Chelsea regarding the potential transfers of Fernando Torres and Marco van Ginkel. Torres, the Spanish striker, has struggled to live up to his £50 million price tag since moving to Chelsea in 2011. The 30-year-old has been on loan to AC Milan this season, but the Rossoneri are said to be hesitant to make the deal permanent due to his lackluster performance. However, if AC Milan were to sign Torres permanently, it is believed that the player would expect a hefty pay-off from Chelsea in order to leave the club. Meanwhile, Dutch midfielder Marco van Ginkel is also discussing a potential move to AC Milan. Chelsea are reportedly happy for him to move to Milan on loan, given that the 22-year-old has only played six games for the Blues since joining from Vitesse Arnhem in 2013. The youngster has expressed his desire to play more regularly, and a move to AC Milan would certainly provide him with a greater opportunity to showcase his skills. AC Milan's interest in the two Chelsea players is part of a broader strategy to strengthen the team for next season. The club has also expressed an interest in Liverpool's Fabio Borini, Tottenham's Roberto Soldado, and Fulham's Konstantinos Mitroglou. It is understood that AC Milan is keen to add more firepower to their attack, and believes that these players would provide valuable options in the forward line. Despite the potential deals, however, AC Milan must first resolve its precarious financial situation. The club's owners have reportedly been in talks with various investors about a potential sale of the team, but no concrete agreement has yet been reached. If AC Milan is unable to secure new investment, it may have to sell some of its existing players in order to balance the books. Nevertheless, AC Milan remains optimistic about its future prospects. The team is looking forward to a strong end to the current season, and is actively pursuing players who can help the team achieve its goals in the coming years. With talks ongoing with Chelsea and other clubs, it remains to be seen which players will ultimately make the move to Milan.