article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 10:15 EST, 7 December 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 10:18 EST, 7 December 2012 . A depraved criminal reportedly beat and strangled his 90-year-old grandmother one day after he was released from prison. Darel Agerton, 38, of Joliet, Illinois, was taken into custody on Wednesday afternoon for the November 30 death of Veronica Schick, whose unconscious body was found on the floor of her home. Agerton was staying at Schick's home at the time of his grandmother's death. Accused of murder: Darel C. Agerton, 38, was arrested on Wednesday afternoon for the death of his grandmother, whose unconscious body was found on the floor of her home . Agerton dialed 911 for an ambulance and police were called in to assist after paramedics arrived at the home, a local Patch site reports. Agerton told the emergency responders that he awoke from a nap to find his grandmother unresponsive and laying on the floor, according to a release from the local sheriff's office. When investigators called Agerton in for questioning, he made statements that were inconsistent with his original story, the release says. Undisclosed physical evidence was also allegedly found at the scene. ‘It was very suspicious,’ Will County sheriff's spokesman Ken Kaupas was quoted as saying. Prosecutors say Agerton beat his grandmother with his hands and feet and strangled her in her home. Tragic death: The Joliet, Illinois home of Veronica Schick, who was found strangled to death on November 30 . No information on a possible motive has been released. Agerton remains jailed on a $5 million bond and faces six counts of first-degree murder. Will County Circuit Judge Marzell Richardson upheld the bond after a public defender requested it be lowered. Agerton was released from the Illinois Department of Corrections on November 29 after serving 15 months in jail for his fourth DUI conviction. His deceased grandmother was a mechanic in World War II with the Women’s Army Corps, serving with a motor pool in the Pacific Theater, according to local news station 89 WLS. Back in prison: Agerton was released from prison on November 29 after serving 15 months for his fourth DUI conviction. He is back in jail on a $5 million bond and faces six counts of first-degree murder .
highlights: Darel Agerton, 38, of Illinois reportedly beat and strangled his 90-year-old grandmother, Veronica Schick, one day after he was released from prison . Prosecutors say Agerton beat his grandmother with his hands and feet and strangled her in her home . Agerton remains jailed on a $5 million bond and faces six counts of first-degree murder . He recently serving 15 months in prison . for his fourth DUI conviction .
id: 449ed9a9308b651290d4dd03397602a819e80ee6
chatgpt: A horrific incident has sent shockwaves through the small town of Illinois, as Darel Agerton, 38, was charged with the murder of his own grandmother, Veronica Schick, who was 90-years-old. According to prosecutors, Agerton committed the heinous act of beating and strangling his grandmother to death, soon after being released from prison. Reports suggest that Agerton used his hands and feet to attack his grandmother, and then proceeded to strangle her in her own home, leaving the elderly woman with no chance of survival. The motive behind this appalling act is still unknown, but it is believed that Agerton was not in his right state of mind when he committed the crime. Agerton was released from prison just a day prior to the murder of his grandmother. He had recently served a 15-month sentence for his fourth DUI conviction. After his release, Agerton went to his grandmother's house and ended up taking her life. The incident has sent shockwaves throughout the community, as many are left struggling to come to terms with what has happened. Agerton is currently in custody, and his bail has been set at a staggering $5 million. He has been charged with six counts of first-degree murder and is expected to face a lengthy prison sentence if he is convicted. The family of Veronica Schick has been left devastated by this tragedy. In a statement issued by the family, they described her as a loving and caring grandmother who had lived a long and fulfilling life. They are struggling to come to terms with the fact that their own family member could have been responsible for her death. The incident has sparked outrage and anger among resident of the Illinois community, many of whom are calling for justice to be served. The fact that Agerton was able to commit such a heinous crime just a day after his release from prison has raised questions about the justice system and its ability to protect innocent citizens. For now, Agerton remains in custody and will face trial for his actions. As the community mourns the loss of Veronica Schick and tries to come to terms with this senseless act of violence, they will be looking for justice to be served, hoping that something like this never happens again.