article: By . Richard Shears . PUBLISHED: . 07:43 EST, 19 July 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 09:17 EST, 19 July 2013 . Bruce Holland, 64, had eaten a few mouthfuls of a chilli pie when he passed out at the Queensland pub . An Australian man has died while taking part in a pie-eating contest after declaring: 'Jeez, this chilli pie is hot', it was reported today. Bruce Holland, 64, collapsed while taking part in the food contest at a pub in Queensland and died in hospital 90 minutes later. Friends who were with him at the Bushland Beach Tavern, near Townsville, said they believed he suffered a heart attack after eating just a few mouthfuls of a pie. The pie-eating contest was held during the half time break in a rugby match which Mr Holland and his friends were watching on the tavern's TV. Arthur McMahon, a spokesman for the tavern, said it was the first time the pub had hosted a food competition and Mr Holland was the first to put his hand up to take part. 'He was always up for raffles or anything and used to like winning things,' Mr McMahon told Brisbane's Courier Mail newspaper. 'At half time they had this chilli pie competition and people were asked to volunteer and Bruce put up his hand.' After just a few mouthfuls of pie, however, Mr Holland started to gasp and sat down with a glass of water before he passed out. 'There were seven other people in the competition and the meat was not overly hot,' said Mr McMahon. But friend Michelle Bradley said Mr Holland's last words were: 'Jeez, this chilli pie is hot!' Two . nurses were said to have administered CPR to Mr Holland while they . waited for an ambulance to arrive, but he was declared dead at . Townsville Hospital. Scroll down for video . Mr Holland was taken by ambulance to hospital in nearby Townsville but was later declared dead (film image) Mr Holland fell ill while taking part in a pie-eating competition held at the Bushland Beach Tavern (file pic) An autopsy will be held to establish the cause of death. Mr Holland's death has shocked the close-knit community of Bushland Beach. 'I'll always know him as a happy-go-lucky man,' said Mr McMahon. 'He never had a bad word to say about anyone and was very well liked amongst the community.'
highlights: Bruce Holland, 64, passed out at the Bushland Beach Tavern, Queensland . He took a few mouthfuls of pie and had to sit down, friends reported . Mr Holland suffered a heart attack and was declared dead later in hospital .
id: 315219304e54e74795c335c233ee2bc4bb05ca1c
chatgpt: Tragedy struck at the Bushland Beach Tavern in Queensland when a regular patron, Bruce Holland, passed away after suffering from a heart attack. Friends of Holland, who was 64 years old, reported that he had taken a few mouthfuls of pie before feeling unwell and needing to sit down. It wasn't long before he collapsed, and emergency services were called to the scene. Despite their best efforts, Holland could not be revived and was ultimately pronounced dead after being transported to the hospital. The news of Holland's passing has left his friends and family in shock. Many who knew him described him as a friendly and outgoing person who loved nothing more than spending time with loved ones and enjoying the simple pleasures in life. According to reports, Holland was a regular at the Bushland Beach Tavern, often stopping in for a drink or a bite to eat. The community has been left reeling by the tragedy, with many expressing their condolences to Holland's loved ones during this difficult time. Local law enforcement officials confirmed that there was no foul play involved in Holland's passing, and it appears to have been a tragic accident. However, they also stressed the importance of taking care of one's health and seeking medical attention if they suspect that something may be wrong. Heart attacks are an unfortunately all too common occurrence, and they can strike anyone, regardless of age or prior health conditions. It is essential for individuals to be aware of the symptoms of a heart attack, which may include chest pain, shortness of breath, and sudden fatigue, among others. In the aftermath of Holland's passing, the Bushland Beach Tavern has expressed their sincere condolences to his loved ones and has pledged to support them in any way they can. They have also issued a statement urging the community to come together in support of one another during this difficult time. Holland's passing is a stark reminder of the fragility of life and the importance of cherishing every moment we have with loved ones. While the community mourns his loss, they will also remember him as a kind and friendly person who brought joy to many.