article: By . Sam Webb . PUBLISHED: . 02:54 EST, 31 December 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 03:29 EST, 31 December 2012 . Report: Prescribing generic alternatives to expensive branded drugs could save the NHS billions, a new study claims . Doctors could save the NHS billions of pounds a year by ditching expensive branded drugs in favour of prescribing cheaper, equally-effective alternatives, new research has found. More than £200 million was unnecessarily spent on two types of costly statin drugs alone in the last year, despite doctors usually being advised to prescribe better value options, the study said. The wider issue of inefficient spending on prescriptions where far cheaper generic equivalents exist is estimated to cost the NHS £1billion a year, data company Mastodon C said. Sir Bruce Keogh, medical director of the NHS Commissioning Board, which backed the research, said it will help to 'focus minds' on reducing costs. He said: 'Variation in prescribing habits costs the NHS millions of pounds a year. 'Transparent sharing of information will help clinicians understand whether they are over or under prescribing. 'This will focus minds in a way that will not only improve the quality of treatment for patients but also reduce cost and free up money for re-investment in other parts of the NHS.' Mastodon C, based at The Open Data Institute, spent eight weeks working with publicly available data looking at the NHS prescribing patterns in GP practices, Clinical Commissioning Groups, and Primary Care Trusts. The cost of an individual prescription item can vary from 81p for a generic drug, to over £20 for drugs still under licence to the pharmaceutical companies that develop them. Francine Bennett, who carried out the data analysis said: 'We've suspected for some time that there were potential savings to be gained by looking at prescribing practices across the NHS but I wasn't prepared for the extent of the potential savings we've seen in just this analysis. 'What's important now is to work with the NHS and healthcare professionals to provide the data and analysis which can realise this potential.' Waste: More than £200 million was unnecessarily spent on two types of costly statin drugs alone .
highlights: Prescribing generic alternatives to branded drugs 'could save billions' Swapping could free up money for other areas of the NHS .
id: a6301f45bb5ed503fb8163ada6ce295a322c8d21
chatgpt: The UK's National Health Service (NHS) could save billions of pounds by prescribing generic alternatives to branded drugs, a new report has found. The study, carried out by the think tank Reform, found that encouraging doctors to prescribe cheaper, unbranded medicines could free up vital funds for other areas of the NHS. Currently, the NHS spends around £17 billion a year on branded drugs, which are often more expensive than their generic counterparts. The report found that around £3 billion could be saved if all of the most commonly prescribed drugs were switched to generic alternatives. This is particularly significant given the current financial pressures facing the NHS. The health service is facing a funding shortfall of £30 billion by 2020, and has been struggling to cope with rising demand and an ageing population. Finding ways to save money and increase efficiency is therefore crucial. According to the report, there has been a lack of incentive for doctors to prescribe generic drugs. Pharmaceutical companies often pay doctors to attend conferences and events, which can influence their prescribing habits. Furthermore, doctors may not be aware of the cost differences between branded and generic drugs, or may believe that branded drugs are more effective. The report recommends a range of measures to encourage the use of generic drugs. This includes increasing education and awareness among doctors and patients, as well as changing financial incentives. For example, doctors could be rewarded for prescribing generic drugs, or penalties could be introduced for over-prescribing branded drugs. The report also suggests that pharmacists could play a larger role in promoting generic drugs. They could provide patients with information about alternative medicines, and recommend generics when appropriate. The potential cost savings from prescribing generic drugs could be significant. This would free up money for other areas of the NHS, such as social care and mental health services. It could also help to alleviate the current funding crisis, and ensure that the NHS continues to provide high-quality care to patients. Overall, the report highlights the need for greater efficiency and cost savings within the NHS. Encouraging the use of generic drugs could be a positive step towards achieving this, while ensuring that patients continue to receive the best possible care.