article: Carer Agneskia Sztokmanska, 45, was convicted of neglect at Salisbury Crown Court after leaving her patients  feeling 'scared, angry and helpless' A senior carer who threw shoes at elderly dementia patients and dragged one across the floor by the hair has been convicted of neglect. Agneskia Sztokmanska, 45, called her vulnerable patients 'monsters' and left them feeling 'scared, angry and helpless' during her reign of terror at Milford Manor in Salisbury, Wiltshire. She was convicted of ill treatment or wilfully neglecting a person who lacks mental capacity yesterday at Salisbury Crown Court and could face jail. The 45-year-old carer was investigated when a staff member drew attention to two 'small marks' on the face of a resident. She denied seven counts of ill treatment, but was convicted of five, including throwing four or five shoes at one resident's chest to get him to sit down. A witness said she told all residents - many of whom would wander around at night - to be in bed at 10pm so she could 'relax on the sofa' in the lounge. Sztokmanska worked at Milford Manor care home from 2010 to 2013, becoming a senior carer in 2012. Prosecutor Sharon Douglass said: 'Agneskia Sztokmanska was supposed to care for her patients, who she knew were vulnerable and dependant due to the fact that they suffered from dementia. 'She had been a senior carer at Milford Manor Care Home for three years and would have received the necessary training and therefore knew that the way she was treating her patients was wrong and cruel. 'Other carers at the care home raised the alarm when they noticed bruises on some of the patients and witnessed the defendant throwing her shoe on four occasions to the chest of one of her patients to make him sit down. 'Other colleagues also noticed how she used derogatory terms to describe the patients such as 'monsters' and 'idiots'. 'We would like to thank all the carers who gave evidence at the trial and who helped us to secure this conviction. Sztokmanska worked at Milford Manor care home from 2010 to 2013, becoming a senior carer in 2012 . 'This prosecution sends a strong message to those who abuse vulnerable people who lack mental capacity believing they will not be caught. 'Our thoughts go to the victims in this case, some of whom have since died, and their families, who had to deal with the knowledge that their loved ones had been mistreated in this way. 'The Crown Prosecution Service and the Police take these offences very seriously and the CPS will prosecute vigorously these cases when it has sufficient evidence and it is in the public interest.' Sztokmanska will be sentenced at Swindon Crown Court on Friday October 24. Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
highlights: Agneskia Sztokmanska, 45, dragged a dementia patient along by the hair . The senior carer was convicted of five counts of ill-treatment and neglect . She threw shoes at one resident and called her patients 'monsters' Sztokmanska worked at Milford Manor, Salisbury, from 2010 to 2013 . She will be sentenced at Swindon Crown Court on Friday October 24 .
id: 1f60d2c42b21b0f2d48f76be3fe5a58339e1b83c
chatgpt: A senior carer, Agneskia Sztokmanska, 45, has been convicted of ill-treatment and neglect of residents at Milford Manor in Salisbury. The court heard how she dragged a dementia patient by the hair, threw shoes at another resident, and referred to her patients as 'monsters.' Sztokmanska worked at Milford Manor from 2010 to 2013 and was convicted on five counts. The trial at Swindon Crown Court lasted for five days, during which the jury heard from several members of staff and residents of the care home. The evidence presented was damning, with testimony suggesting that Sztokmanska had treated her patients with disdain and cruelty. The court also heard that she had failed to assist residents with basic needs, such as taking them to the toilet or changing their clothes. One of the more distressing incidents involved Sztokmanska dragging a dementia patient by the hair across the floor. The patient was unable to speak, and caregivers said that she was left with bruises on her back and arm. Sztokmanska was also found guilty of throwing shoes at another resident, who suffered a cut to her forehead as a result. The jury heard that Sztokmanska frequently referred to her patients as 'monsters' in conversations with other staff members. She was also known to shout at residents and was often seen to be in a state of anger or frustration. The victims of Sztokmanska's ill-treatment and neglect were some of the most vulnerable members of society. Many of the residents at Milford Manor suffered from dementia, which meant that they were unable to communicate their needs and were reliant on caregivers for their daily care. Following the verdict, the Crown Prosecution Service released a statement in which they praised the courage of the victims and witnesses who gave evidence during the trial. They stated that the case had exposed serious failings at Milford Manor and highlighted the need for better training and support for care home staff. Sztokmanska will be sentenced at Swindon Crown Court on Friday 24 October. The judge has warned that she faces a custodial sentence for her actions. The case has raised important questions about the treatment of vulnerable individuals in care homes and the standards that should be expected of care home staff. Milford Manor has since apologized to its residents and their families for the failures that led to Sztokmanska's actions. The care home has promised to review its practices and procedures to ensure that all staff are properly trained and supported in their roles. In conclusion, the case of Agneskia Sztokmanska has exposed serious failings in the care home system and highlighted the need for better protection for vulnerable residents. It is hoped that the verdict will serve as a warning to other care home staff that ill-treatment and neglect of residents will not be tolerated.