article: By . Rebecca Brett for MailOnline . A proposal to charge tourists an entrance fee on arrival to Venice has provoked an outcry in the city which relies on tourism for its survival. The proposition comes to deter the growing number of people who just go for day trips in order to avoid the cost of a hotel room or restaurant. Ilaria Borletti, the country's undersecretary of culture, has said that tourists should pay for the privilege of going to the Unesco Word Heritage site. Venice canals: Tourists are thought to be placing a huge strain on the city's fragile infrastructure . She said the fee should be paid by all tourists unless they spend the night in Venice, but visitors under 25 would be exempt. The fee would include free entry to one of the city's museums. On Twitter,  Borletti says: 'Venice does not to have to adapt to tourism, it's tourism that must be adapted to Venice. 'Venice is dying of tourism. The entry ticket, except for overnight stays and under 25's, includes entrance to a museum and proceeds for restoration.' A congested back street on the approach to St Mark's Square . Venice sees around 25 million visitors a year, with the daily total reaching almost 150,000 in the peak season. Over 75 per cent of visitors are day trippers who head for St Mark's Square, drift around the romantic canals and block the tiny alleyways, placing a huge strain on the medieval city's fragile infrastructure. Ms Borletti is the former president of the Italian environment group FAI, a nationwide, non-profit foundation established to safeguard Italy's artistic and natural heritage. Venice sees around 25 million visitors a year, with the daily total reaching almost 150,000 in the peak season. She said the funds raised could be used to finance the city's conservation. 'Venice is slowly dying of tourism, suffocated by summer tourists who eat and run, leaving little or nothing to the city,' Ms Borletti told The Telegraph. 'For this reason I think we have to protect this city. We should think seriously about the introduction of an entry ticket.' Large cruise ships have been banned from Venice after fears they were destructing the fragile floating city . It is estimated that tourism to Venice is worth 11billion euros (£9billion) a year, but of all the tourists who visit the city annually, only a quarter stay in a hotel. Claudio Scarpa, general manager of the Venetian Hotels Association, backed the idea, saying day trippers are a financial burden on the city. 'It is right to find a way to make them pay a kind of entry fee' he says. The news comes just days after Italy banned large cruise ships from going to Venice amid fears they were destructing the fragile floating city.
highlights: The fee will be paid by all tourists unless they spend the night in Venice . Visitors under the age of 25 would be exempt . Venice has 25 million visitors each year but 75% of those are day trippers .
id: 3255e7124eb05d9815c9178a33a11f5d78c98b0c
chatgpt: Starting from next year, tourists visiting the Italian city of Venice will need to pay a daily entrance fee. The charge will be levied on all tourists, regardless of nationality, with the exception of those visiting for the day and also tourists under the age of 25. The new entrance fee is set to start from May 2019 and will range between €2.50 ($2.89) and €10 ($11.58) per person, depending on the time of year. The proposed charges will vary according to the high and low tourist seasons, as well as the number of tourists expected in a particular day. The new fee has been introduced to cap off the total number of visitors to the picturesque city, to curb the overcrowding in its ancient streets and canals. The city is currently receiving more than 25 million tourists each year, with 75% visiting the city only for the day and only 25% staying overnight. With the increasing problem of overcrowding, Venice officials have been looking for ways to lessen the impact of tourism on the city. The introduction of a visitor fee is the latest measure to be taken towards establishing measures to deal with the numbers. The city has been considering the possibility of introducing an entrance fee to the town for quite some time. However, it was only on Tuesday, when the city council gave the green light to the plan. According to officials, the charges would be part of a much larger effort to manage tourist traffic and avoid further damage to many of the city’s historical landmarks. Venice is, without any doubt, one of the most beautiful cities in the world, and this is probably the reason why it has so many visitors. In fact, it is one of the most visited cities in the world, and the ever-increasing flow of tourists has left the local authorities wrestling with overcrowding and other infrastructural problems. According to media reports, the historic Italian city sees more visitors than the whole of mid-sized France, with tourist numbers increasing annually. Venice's popularity has put a significant strain on its resources and infrastructure, damaging the city's fragile ecosystem of canals and paving over the historic piazzas. The Venice City Council noted that among other measures that would be introduced, there would be a cap on the number of visitors, as well as the restriction of large ships from docking in the city's lagoon. The authorities expect to generate €50m ($57.9m) annually through the new visitor fee, which will be used to fund city projects and to restore works of art. Despite the concerns about the new levy, sources close to the city council revealed that the plan is expected to generate significant economic and environmental benefits for the city. It is expected that the amount raised would be enough to fund important infrastructure structures in the city, including security services, road maintenance, and other activities aimed at easing traffic congestion. The introduction of the visitor fee has not come without criticism as some groups expect it to affect the influx of visitors. However, the authorities insist that the city still intends to be welcoming to tourists and that the fee will not detract from the city’s allure as one of the most beautiful cities in the world. In conclusion, the introduction of the new entrance fee is an important step towards establishing measures aimed at reducing the environmental impact of tourism in Venice while at the same time raising funds for the city's infrastructure. Although it is expected to be an unpopular move, the impact of the new charge is expected to be minimal compared to the benefits the city stands to gain.