article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . Art lovers have only a few months to raise £2.74m to prevent the historic Wedgwood Collection being sold off. The collection, which spans more than 250 years of the pottery firm's history, includes more than 80,000 works of art, ceramics and photographs as well as paintings by George Stubbs and Joshua Reynolds. Its future has been in doubt since Waterford Wedgwood Potteries collapsed in 2009 with a £134 million pension debt which threatened the future of the museum where the collection was kept. Statue of Josiah Wedgwood at the museum and factory in Staffordshire that houses the collection of the 250-years of the pottery firm's history . For complex legal reasons, the museum in Barlaston, Staffordshire, that houses the collection became liable for the pension debt, which threatened its future. A deal has been done to save the collection and more than £13 million has already been raised but it could be broken up and sold on the open market unless the final £2.74 million is found by the end of November. Wedgwood traces its history back to 1759 when Josiah Wedgwood started work as a potter in Staffordshire. His work transformed the firm from a cottage industry into an international success story and one of the world's most famous names in pottery. If the money can be raised, the collection will be gifted to London's Victoria and Albert Museum and then loaned back to the local museum which is being redeveloped. Tim Reeve, chief operating officer of the Victoria and Albert Museum, said: 'Wedgwood has a unique place in Britain's ceramic history and in the industrial history of the nation. 'Josiah Wedgwood was a true pioneer, transforming British pottery from a minor craft to a major industry through a combination of scientific experimentation, development of new ceramic materials and techniques, excellence in design and a genius for marketing and business. 'The Wedgwood Collection contains not only some of the finest ceramics produced in Britain over the last 250 years but is also the most complete documentation of factory production in the country. 'It would be a tragedy for the Collection to be dispersed and we sincerely hope the funds can be raised to secure it for the nation. The V&A stands ready to safeguard the collection for future generations.'
highlights: Art lovers have only a few months to raise £2.74m to stop the Wedgwood Collection being sold . The collection spans more than 250 years of the pottery firm's history . Its future has been in doubt since Waterford Wedgwood Potteries collapsed in 2009 with a £134 million pension debt . A deal has been done to save the collection and more than £13 million has already been raised . But it could be broken up and sold on the open market unless the final £2.74 million is found by the end of November .
id: 38decc4f748d81c9b0b03e029d27bb8f49b9ea6b
chatgpt: Art lovers across the UK are faced with a challenge to raise £2.74 million in the next few months to save the historic Wedgwood Collection from being sold on the open market. The collection, which spans more than 250 years of the pottery firm's history, has been in doubt since Waterford Wedgwood Potteries collapsed in 2009 with a £134 million pension debt.  Despite the uncertainty surrounding the collection's future, a deal has been struck to save it. More than £13 million has already been raised, but unless the final £2.74 million is found by the end of November, the collection could be broken up and sold off piece by piece. The Wedgwood Collection is widely regarded as one of the finest collections of ceramics in the world. It includes thousands of pieces, including historic vases, plates, and figurines, that showcase the skills of some of the finest craftsmen of the past two-and-a-half centuries. Many of these pieces are considered priceless. The collection was put up for sale in 2014, and there were fears that it would be sold off to private collectors, potentially breaking up the collection and sending individual pieces to different parts of the world. This would have been a devastating loss for the UK, and particularly for the county of Staffordshire where the Wedgwood family and its pottery factories are such an important part of the local history and culture. In response to the threat of the Wedgwood Collection being sold, a campaign was launched to raise the money necessary to keep the collection in public ownership. This campaign has been gaining momentum in recent months, with events and fundraisers being held across the country. The success of this campaign has been impressive, with more than £13 million already raised. But the final £2.74 million is proving more difficult to come by, and time is fast running out. If the funds are not found by the end of November, the Wedgwood Collection will be sold on the open market, potentially scattering some of the world's most valuable ceramics across the globe. Art lovers across the UK are now being urged to do all they can to help save the collection. There are a variety of ways to get involved, from making a donation to attending one of the many fundraising events being held in support of the campaign. The Wedgwood Collection is a vital part of the UK's cultural heritage, and its loss would be a tragedy for future generations. With only a few months left to raise the final £2.74 million, now is the time for art lovers to act and help keep this magnificent collection in public ownership where it belongs.