article: Washington (CNN) -- The State Department condemned Iran's persecution of religious minorities on Friday following the Iranian authorities' detention of Baha'is and Christians in recent months. Iranian authorities have detained more than 45 Baha'is in the last four months, and as many as 60 Baha'is are imprisoned in Iran on the basis of their religion beliefs, the State Department said. Iranians have also recently detained more than a dozen Christians, according to the State Department. "The United States is increasingly concerned about the Iran's ongoing persecution of Baha'is and other religious minority communities," said Philip J. Crowley, assistant secretary for public affairs, in a statement on Friday. The State Department's condemnation comes a day after it released a human rights report on Iran that blasted the country's government for abusing religious minorities, among other criticisms. "Government rhetoric and actions created a threatening atmosphere for nearly all non-Shia religious groups, most notably for Baha'is, as well as for Sunni Muslims, evangelical Christians, and members of the Jewish community," Thursday's report said. Iran is an Islamic Republic where Shia Islam is the state religion. The Iranian government did not respond directly to the State Department on Thursday or Friday. However, Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad criticized the West on Friday for ignoring religious principles like monotheism. At a meeting with Iranian intellectuals, "the president stressed that [many] efforts should be made to ... promote justice and support [a] campaign against oppressors and help monotheism flourish," Iran's semi-official Fars News Agency reported. Thursday's State Department report said that Iran's government prevents Baha'is from gathering in homes to worship and bans Baha'is from public schools, universities, the social pension system and government leadership posts unless they conceal their faith. "The government repeatedly pressured Baha'is to recant their religious beliefs in exchange for relief from mistreatment," the report said. All seven members of Iran's Baha'i national leadership body, who were arrested in 2008, remained in prison at the end of 2009, according to the report. The Baha'i faith was founded in Iran in the 19th century. Today, Baha'is are the country's largest religious minority, with 300,000 members, according to the official Baha'i Web site. Thursday's State Department report also accused the Iranian government of destroying a Sufi library and religious hall in Isfahan; demolishing several Sunni mosques; and requiring evangelical Christian groups to submit congregation membership lists to the government. The report was part of a broader State Department release of human rights reports on 194 countries.
highlights: State Department concerned over Iran's ongoing persecution of Baha'is, Christians . U.S. report claims Iranian government creates "threatening atmosphere" for religious groups . President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad decries West for ignoring monotheism .
id: bc5dfd7d6e09322ed20ed1e926c2a25a1bde8721
chatgpt: The United States State Department released a report expressing concern over the ongoing persecution of Baha'is and Christians in Iran. The report states that the Iranian government creates a "threatening atmosphere" for religious groups, and that they face constant discrimination, harassment, and even imprisonment. The Baha'i faith is not officially recognized by the Iranian government, and members of the faith have been subjected to various forms of persecution since its inception in the country. Baha'is have been expelled from schools, denied employment, and faced physical violence. The report also noted that Christians in Iran face similar discrimination and violence. The State Department report calls on the Iranian government to respect the human rights of all citizens, including religious minorities, and to end its policies of prejudice and persecution. The report cited the Iranian government's apparent disregard for international law and human rights, calling out President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad for his statements denying the Holocaust and his questioning of the existence of Israel. In response to the report, President Ahmadinejad decried the West for promoting a culture of materialism and ignoring the principles of monotheism. He accused the United States of interfering in the internal affairs of Iran and other countries, and of spreading propaganda in order to weaken the Iranian government.  The Iranian government has long maintained its right to place restrictions on the Baha'i faith, citing it as a threat to national security. Many Baha'is have been arrested on charges of espionage, and their properties have been confiscated by the government. The Iranian government has also been accused of sponsoring campaigns to vilify and discriminate against the Baha'i community. The report from the State Department highlights the ongoing struggle faced by religious minorities in Iran. Despite calls for change from international organizations and governments around the world, the Iranian government has shown little willingness to address human rights abuses and create a more inclusive society. With tensions between Iran and the United States continuing to rise, the plight of religious minorities in Iran is likely to remain at the forefront of the international community's attention. The report from the State Department serves as a reminder of the importance of promoting and protecting human rights, even in the face of political tensions and opposition.