article: (CNN) -- World number two Maria Sharapova limped out of the Pan Pacific Open in Tokyo after twisting her ankle during her quarterfinal match against Petra Kvitova of the Czech Republic. Sharapova had hoped for revenge after the Kvitova beat her in the final at Wimbledon this year. But with Sharapova losing 4-3 in the first set the Russian fell and retired shortly after. "I hit a serve and then landed awkwardly on my left ankle. I felt a sharp pain and next thing I knew I was on the floor. It swelled up immediately and I knew there was no way I could continue," Sharapova said in a statement quoted by AFP. "I am incredibly disappointed and in a lot of pain. I obviously really wanted to win and felt that I was playing well." Sharapova's retirement means that Kvitova will now face another Russian, Vera Zvonareva, in the semifinals although the Czech player expressed her sadness at the manner in which the match ended. "We played very nice tennis, I think, and it was a great match," she told AFP. "I'm very sorry about her, because the ankle swollen was too big straight away. Hopefully... she will be back early." Victoria Azarenka of Belarus and Agnieszka Radwanska of Poland will contest the other semifinal. But it was a day when injuries ruled the headlines after Novak Djokovic also pulled out of a tournament due to injury. The Serbian player, ranked number one in the world after his stunning U.S. Open triumph earlier this month, announced he was pulling out of the China Open after injuring himself in a recent Davis Cup match. The injury has also put Djokovic's appearance in next month's Shanghai Masters in doubt. World number three Roger Federer and Frenchman Richard Gasquet have already pulled out of the event. The injuries come at the end of a grueling season where several top players have raised the prospect of a strike over the amount of tennis being played.
highlights: Maria Sharapova pulls out of the Pan Pacific Open in Japan after twisting her ankle . She was losing 4-3 in the first set of her quarterfinal match against Petra Kvitova . World number one Novak Djokovic also announced he was pulling out of the China Open due to injury . Players had threatened a strike due to tournament 'burn out'
id: 39f2ee7917a6081e8bcb2f2646c919136675dcf0
chatgpt: There was disappointment for fans of Maria Sharapova after the former world number one was forced to withdraw from the Pan Pacific Open in Tokyo. Sharapova was in the middle of her quarterfinal match against Petra Kvitova when she twisted her ankle, ending her participation in the tournament. Sharapova was losing 4-3 in the first set when the injury occurred. It was a blow for Sharapova, who had been hoping to build on her recent success at the US Open, where she reached the fourth round. The Russian player had been in good form at the Pan Pacific Open, having won her previous match against Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova in straight sets. The injury is likely to put Sharapova's participation in the upcoming WTA Finals in doubt. Sharapova's withdrawal was not the only injury news of the day in the tennis world. World number one Novak Djokovic also announced that he was pulling out of the China Open due to injury. Djokovic has been struggling with a shoulder injury and will now miss the tournament, which starts in Beijing next week. It was a further blow for the China Open after reports earlier in the week that players had threatened to strike over "tournament burn out". Some players had complained about the number of tournaments on the tennis calendar, with many arguing that the players need more time to rest and recover. The threat of a strike was eventually averted after discussions between the ATP and WTA, but the withdrawals of Sharapova and Djokovic will do little to ease concerns about player welfare. The WTA has already made changes to the calendar for next season, reducing the number of mandatory events from 16 to 13, but many players still feel that more needs to be done. With the WTA Finals in Shenzhen just a few weeks away, fans will be hoping that the top players can recover in time to take to the court. However, with injuries taking their toll, it remains to be seen whether all the big names will be able to compete at their best.