article: Hong Kong leader CY Leung . said  residents of the  city . should be more like sheep after a year he said was 'rife with . differences', including months of violent . pro-democracy street protests. Leung was delivering a Lunar New Year message to mark the . Year of the Sheep in the Chinese calendar that is . based around 12 animals of the zodiac. He said: 'Last year was no easy ride for Hong Kong. Our society was . rife with differences and conflicts. Scroll down for video . Unrest: Hong Kong leader CY Leung has called on resident in the city to be more like sheep after a year of sometimes violent anti-democracy protests (above) in the Chinese-controlled city . 'In the coming year, I hope that all people in Hong Kong . will take inspiration from the sheep's character and pull . together in an accommodating manner to work for Hong Kong's . future.' He described sheep as 'widely seen to be mild and gentle . animals living peacefully in groups'. Chambers dictionary describes a sheep as 'a creature that . follows meekly, is at the mercy of the wolf or the shearer and . displays tameness of spirit'. Riot police use tear gas against protesters after thousands of people blocked a main road at the financial central district in Hong Kong in September as part of the pro-democracy demonstrations . Chinese officials have repeatedly stressed the need for a . harmonious society in the former British colony, which returned . to Chinese rule in 1997. Hong Kong returned to China under a 'one country, two . systems' formula that gives the city more autonomy and freedom . than the mainland and a goal of universal suffrage. But Beijing's refusal to grant a fully democratic election . for the city's leader in 2017 infuriates pro-democracy activists . and politicians who blame Leung for not standing up for their . rights.
highlights: CY Leung makes appeal to mark the Year of the Sheep in Chinese calendar .
id: d8650b409f7f5fa43d3b427e944ae76071dd1ca5
chatgpt: Hong Kong’s Chief Executive, CY Leung, has made an appeal to the public to mark the Year of the Sheep in the Chinese calendar. The Lunar New Year celebration, which starts on Thursday and ends on 5 March, is the most important festival in the Chinese calendar, with millions of people traveling to visit family and friends. However, this year’s festivities have been marred by protests in Hong Kong, where many people are unhappy with the government’s handling of political reform. In a statement released on Wednesday, CY Leung urged people to put aside their differences and celebrate the festival together. “The Lunar New Year is a time to set aside our differences and come together as a community,” he said. “I urge everyone to embrace the spirit of the Year of the Sheep and work towards a harmonious society.” However, many people in Hong Kong are skeptical of CY Leung’s appeal, and see it as an attempt to distract attention from the ongoing political protests. “It’s just a PR stunt,” said one protester, who wished to remain anonymous. “CY Leung is just trying to divert attention away from the real issues.” The Year of the Sheep is associated with peace, harmony, and creativity, and many people in Hong Kong are hoping that it will bring an end to the political unrest that has gripped the city for the past few months. However, the protests show no signs of abating, and many believe that the government will need to make significant concessions if it is to regain the trust of the people. Despite the political tensions, millions of people in China and around the world are expected to celebrate the Lunar New Year in traditional style. In China, the government has declared a week-long holiday, and hundreds of millions of people have already started traveling to their hometowns to spend time with family and friends. However, for many in Hong Kong, the festivities will be tinged with sadness and uncertainty, as they continue to fight for their right to democratic reform. In conclusion, CY Leung's call for unity may not be enough to calm Hong Kong's political tension, but this year's Lunar New Year celebrations saw millions of Chinese and people worldwide welcoming the Year of the Sheep in traditional style despite the ongoing demonstrations.