article: By . Gerri Peev . PUBLISHED: . 20:01 EST, 31 December 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 12:07 EST, 1 January 2013 . David Miliband is raking in the equivalent of £42,000 a week from troubled Premier League club Sunderland, more than their £40,000-a-week striker Louis Saha. The former foreign secretary has earned £125,000 for 15 days’ work since becoming a director of the football club in February 2011. That’s the equivalent of nearly £42,000 a week, or more than  £2.1million a year. David Miliband earns the equivalent of £42,000 a week from Sunderland FC since becoming a director of football last year . This pro-rata figure is higher than defender Titus Bramble’s £30,000- a-week deal and even surpasses that of France international Saha. In total, the South Shields Labour MP has registered nearly £1million of outside earnings since the 2010 Labour election. After losing the Labour leadership to his younger brother Ed, Mr Miliband went on to make £985,315 from the public speaking circuit and his work as an adviser. The figure, drawn from the register of MPs’ interests, includes hospitality, travel and gifts. But critics have questioned Mr Miliband’s focus since losing the leadership contest. They say he has become a ghost-like figure at Westminster, attending fewer than half the votes in the Commons chamber and speaking in just 11 debates in one year. Wages: David Miliband pro rata salary is more than Sunderland striker Louis Saha, left, and defender Titus Bramble, right . Mr Miliband has found time to attend international summits and embark on speaking engagements. He has made nearly £65,000 from the United Arab Emirates ministry of foreign affairs, and nearly £83,000 from the London Speaker Bureau. Energy Investment firm VantagePoint Capital Partners has paid Mr Miliband close to £117,000 for consultancy work. The money is on top of his MP’s salary of £65,000. Mr Miliband’s earnings dwarf those of his constituents, who averaged just £19,281 last year. Sunderland FC appointed Mr  Miliband last February, despite the senior MP being a life-long supporter of Arsenal. The club, which made a £6.2 million loss last year, is at risk of relegation after poor performances.Conservative Party chairman Grant Shapps questioned whether Mr Miliband provided value for money. He said: ‘With a fee like that you’d expect to see David Miliband on the pitch! Per appearance, he’s on a par with players like Saha. Sunderland should red card this behaviour.’ A spokesman for Mr Miliband said: ‘Outside earnings are submitted to the register of members’ interests which is rightly available to the  public to view.’
highlights: Former foreign secretary earns equivalent of £42,000 a week . Has made almost £1million on public speaking circuit . Conservative party chairman Grant Shapps questions value for money .
id: e8d0efbec782b84a60587584be544fcf50e69185
chatgpt: Former Foreign Secretary, Boris Johnson, has made nearly £1million from his public speaking engagements since he resigned his position over Brexit negotiations. The revelation of his precipitous income was made public by his spokesperson. The sum translates to nearly £42,000 a week, making him one of the highest paid speakers in the world. However, Johnson’s income has ignited a political firestorm, with Conservative Party Chairman, Grant Shapps, asking whether Johnson represents value for money. Shapps' criticism is a sharp indication of the growing animosity between the ‘One Nation’ Tory party members and their hard-right colleagues, reflecting a growing sense of unease amongst some Conservative MPs about the government’s direction. A spokesperson for Johnson said: “Boris has delivered speeches around the world on a range of topics, from his time as Mayor of London to his experience during the Brexit campaign. He has given talks to businesses, universities, and governments, sharing his experiences and insights on a range of issues including leadership, the economy, and of course, Brexit.” Johnson has been a high-profile politician for over a decade. He first gained public attention as the former Mayor of London, and then later as a prominent figure during the Leave campaign. Johnson has since claimed that he cannot live comfortably on his MP’s salary of £74,000 a year. Critics argue that this assertion contradicts his claims of being a man of the people. Johnson’s political ambitions were also thwarted by the public’s perception of him as a wealthy, out-of-touch elitist. Shapps’ criticism is likely to be popular amongst those who view Johnson as a populist and charlatan. Furthermore, Johnson’s dodgy past is said to have contributed to his reputation for being an ‘Old Etonian’ with a silver spoon. This opinion is largely unfair, given that Johnson is self-made, but his privileged background undoubtedly influences public opinion. Shapps’ criticism is a sign of how much the Conservative Party has changed since Johnson first rose to prominence. His ability to command an enthusiastic following of Brexit-supporting voters has been a threat to his rivals throughout his career. Now, however, Johnson appears to be viewed as a potentially toxic liability by his own party. The question of whether Boris Johnson represents value for money is likely to be the first conflict in what looks set to be a highly charged leadership campaign in the coming months. The Conservative Party remains split over Brexit and how best to deliver withdrawal from the European Union. Johnson’s leadership may be the key to the party’s success or demise, and his rhetoric and politics will be closely scrutinized by his rivals and the public alike.