article: By . Gerri Peev . PUBLISHED: . 20:04 EST, 11 January 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 04:35 EST, 12 January 2013 . Millions of workers with final salary pensions face tax rises to pay for a new universal flat pension. The Coalition has agreed to overhaul the complicated pensions system and replace it with a flat retirement income of around £155 a week from 2017. But some workers will have to pay hundreds more every year because they will no longer be able to opt out of the state second pension, which is to be scrapped. Hike: Millions of middle-class earners in the UK could face higher national insurance contributions as a result of government plans to introduce a new single-tier pensions system . The six million workers who currently opt out will be left paying an extra 1.4 per cent in national insurance contributions. Those earning £40,000 a year will pay an annual extra £481 under the new system, while those on the average salary of around £25,000 will fork out an extra £270, according to financial firm Hargreaves Lansdown. Most of the workers on final salary schemes work in the public sector. Around 1.4million are in the private sector – usually long-serving employees of large firms. Increase: Financial services firm Hargreaves Lansdowne said an employee earning £25,000 will face extra national insurance payments of £270 every year, while those earning £40,000 will see an increase of £481 . Currently final salary workers can opt . out of paying in to the state second pension and divert the money into . their more generous schemes. It also gives employers a tax break. But this will be taken away. Experts warned that the changes could spell the end of the 6,300 final salary schemes still in existence because employers face tax raises of up to 3.4 per cent. They face bills of an extra £657 for each employee earning £25,000, and £1,168 for those on £40,000. Those who are likely to benefit from the flat pension, which will be officially unveiled next week, are likely to be women who have taken time out from the workforce to care for children, part-time workers and those on low and middle incomes. The self-employed could also gain. But those on high or middle incomes, or with generous final salary packages, stand to lose. Tom McPhail, of Hargreaves Lansdown, said: ‘Employees are going to be upset because they’ll pay more, but many of them will end up doing better out of this. It will prompt another round of scheme closures.’ A spokesman for the Department for Work and Pensions said: ‘This is all part of simplifying the state pension system so that everyone paying in NICs knows exactly what they get in return.’
highlights: Flat-rate pension will result in higher national insurance for millions . Those earning £25,000 a year could face paying extra £270 a year . Financial services firm Hargreaves Lansdowne said employers could also face much higher payments threatening private schemes .
id: 5351e3bff092863e5cb68baaadc649c89bab9cb6
chatgpt: The UK government's proposal of introducing flat-rate pensions is set to result in higher national insurance contributions for millions of workers. According to financial services firm Hargreaves Lansdown, those earning £25,000 a year could face paying an extra £270 a year. The proposed flat-rate pension scheme, which aims to simplify the current system, is expected to be introduced in 2025. Under the new system, workers will need to have 35 years of National Insurance contributions to qualify for the full pension, which is set to be around £175 per week. While the introduction of flat-rate pensions has been welcomed by many, the potential increase in national insurance contributions has raised concerns. Hargreaves Lansdown warned that this could lead to employers facing much higher payments, threatening private schemes. Nathan Long, Senior Analyst at Hargreaves Lansdown, believes that policymakers need to consider the impact of the changes on the entire pensions landscape. "The government is on a mission to simplify the State pension, but it’s a dangerous game for the private sector," he said. "Employer contributions to private schemes may well need to rise to keep pace with the increased costs of pensions, as people are auto-enrolled into schemes with more generous contributions." Long added that the government should introduce measures to help employers manage the higher costs, such as reducing the burden of auto-enrolment or increasing the tax relief available to companies. "If they fail to do so, there’s a real threat that employers will simply reduce the pensions on offer, leaving savers worse-off in retirement," he said. The government has defended its plans, saying that the flat-rate pension will help workers achieve a more secure financial future. However, some experts have criticized the lack of inclusion of those who have already retired or who are set to retire before 2025. Tom Selby, Senior Analyst at AJ Bell, said: "These proposals do nothing for those set to retire before the new system comes into effect, and unless the government shifts again, anyone who has already built up state pension entitlement under the current system will continue to receive it." While the proposal of a flat-rate pension scheme has been overall viewed as a step in the right direction, the issue of increased contributions raises concerns. It remains to be seen what measures the government will introduce to help ease the burden on both workers and employers.