article: Paris, France (CNN) -- French police are searching the home of the daughter of L'Oreal heiress Liliane Bettencourt, a spokeswoman from the prosecutor's office in the Paris suburb of Nanterre told CNN Wednesday. Bettencourt's daughter, Francoise Bettencourt-Meyers, went to court last month accusing a photographer of bilking her mother out of a billion euros. Bettencourt, who is France's richest woman, allegedly gave the money to the photographer, but her daughter says she is not mentally competent to handle her own affairs. At the same time, police are investigating claims that Bettencourt's adviser gave envelopes of cash to French President Nicolas Sarkozy and Labor Minister Eric Woerth.Police questioned Liliane Bettencourt on Monday. It was unclear whether the search at her daughter's home and the questioning of Liliane Bettencourt were related, or to what case the search was tied. Woerth and Sarkozy have both denied the allegations, which resulted from secret recordings that surfaced last month. The recordings, allegedly made by Bettencourt's butler, also refer to a bank account in Switzerland containing 80 million euros ($98.3 million), which had not been reported on Bettencourt's taxes. Woerth will be questioned by police at some point, a spokeswoman for the prosecutor's office said last week. No date for that has been set. Woerth's wife, Florence, was questioned last week, the spokeswoman said. The secret recordings published last month revealed that Florence Woerth was, until late June, the deputy to Bettencourt's financial adviser, Patrice de Maistre. Bettencourt's former bookkeeper, Claire Thibout, elaborated on the allegations in an interview this month with a French investigative website. She said she prepared envelopes of cash that were to be given to Sarkozy and Woerth, who previously worked in the Budget Ministry and was in charge of reforms to France's retirement system. Thibout's lawyer told French news agency Agence France-Presse this month that de Maistre once asked his client for 150,000 euros ($188,800) and said he would give it "discreetly" to Woerth at a dinner. Thibout testified before a judge about the allegations earlier in July. The French newspaper Le Monde published her testimony, in which she repeated her allegations against de Maistre and said she regularly withdrew large sums of money at his request. Among other claims is that Sarkozy's 2007 presidential campaign received money from Bettencourt in excess of campaign finance limits.
highlights: Police are searching the home of Liliane Bettencourt's daughter . Bettencourt is the L'Oreal heiress and France's richest woman . Police questioned Bettencourt on Monday .
id: 665d4bea88c3d94ad351d32a294a9a0345fd738e
chatgpt: Police are conducting a thorough search at the home of Françoise Bettencourt-Meyers, the daughter of L'Oreal heiress and France's richest woman, Liliane Bettencourt. The search comes amid an investigation into alleged financial wrongdoing involving the Bettencourt family. According to sources close to the case, the search is focusing on documents related to the family's financial affairs. The Bettencourt family has been the subject of scrutiny for years, with allegations of tax evasion and other financial improprieties. Police had questioned Liliane Bettencourt on Monday as part of the ongoing investigation. Bettencourt, who is in her late 90s and suffering from dementia, has been under the legal guardianship of her daughter since 2011. Françoise Bettencourt-Meyers, a writer and philanthropist, has been at the center of the family's legal battles in recent years. In 2010, Bettencourt-Meyers initiated legal proceedings against her mother's former friend and financial advisor, François-Marie Banier. She alleged that Banier had taken advantage of her mother's frailty to receive gifts worth millions of euros, including paintings by famous artists. The legal battle, which lasted for years, exposed the inner workings of the Bettencourt family's vast fortune, estimated at over €30 billion. It also revealed a web of personal and political connections, including ties to former French President Nicolas Sarkozy. The Bettencourt case has been a source of controversy in France, with many criticizing the country's lenient laws on tax evasion and the wealthy. It has also put the spotlight on the issue of elder abuse and the need for greater legal protections for elderly citizens. The current investigation into the Bettencourt family's financial affairs is ongoing, and it is unclear what charges, if any, will be filed. However, the search of Bettencourt-Meyers' home is a sign that the investigation is intensifying and that authorities are determined to get to the bottom of the allegations. As the search continues, many are watching with interest to see what new information will be uncovered and what impact it will have on the Bettencourt family's vast empire.