article: (CNN) -- Jessica Ennis is set to cash in after winning heptathlon gold for Olympic hosts Great Britain, but fame and fortune are not the motivation for the poster girl of London 2012. "If there was no money, I'd still be here doing it. I just want to achieve all I can achieve in sport and win medals and that's the most important thing," the 26-year-old told CNN. However, Ennis is aware of some of the commercial opportunities that will come her way in the aftermath of the Games . "I also want to enjoy some of the things that are going to come up as well as a result of this but more than anything I'm just so happy and relieved I was able to get the gold and that's the most important thing for me," she said. Ennis set the capacity crowd in the Olympic Stadium alight last Saturday as she powered to victory in the heptathlon's final event over 800 meters to set the seal on a dominant performance. "You know people really expected me to win, to do well, it was still a great position to be in though because I'd not experienced anything like that before," she said. "I just tried to use all that pressure and turn it into positiveness and support." Ennis came up just 45 points shy of the magical 7,000 mark for the seven events, which was the fifth best tally in heptathlon history. The 2009 world champion took a commanding lead from the start and never let up. "I knew how hard it was going to be, and it's not just one day -- it's two days of really tough competition. I knew that I just had to really keep my eye on the ball and not get distracted by what other people expected of me," Ennis said. Her triumph has been met with acclaim across Britain, which is third in the medal table with 22 golds -- three more than at Beijing 2008, with four days to go. Many have rushed to congratulate her, but so far nothing official from British Prime Minister David Cameron. "I've not had a call from the Prime Minister, no," Ennis said. She is reminded that President Barack Obama is regularly on the line to successful American athletes. "Does he? I'll have to have a word then," said Ennis, with a smile on her face.
highlights: Jessica Ennis won Olympic gold for hosts Britain in heptathlon . Ennis first of three track and field winners for hosts on Saturday . She admits to feeling the pressure as poster girl of the Games . Medals more important than money for the 26-year-old .
id: aac298d251ad499cb1b8306c15ee79ccd59f2f0c
chatgpt: Jessica Ennis, Britain's Olympic poster girl, delivered a stunning performance on Saturday, winning gold in the heptathlon on the track and field stage of the London 2012 Olympic Games. Ennis, who had been under immense pressure to succeed on home soil, did not disappoint as she powered through the seven events and clinched the top spot on the podium.  The 26-year-old from Sheffield had been widely tipped as a medal hopeful in the heptathlon, having won the World Championships in 2009, but she admitted that the pressure of being the poster girl of the Games had gotten to her. "I've been thinking about this moment for so long, I just can't believe it," said Ennis after her win. "I was really busy [before the Games], and there was a lot of pressure and expectation, but I tried to use it all as motivation." Ennis' first place finish was the first of three track and field wins for Britain on Saturday, as the nation's athletes gave their best performances in front of a home crowd. The high point of the day came when Mo Farah overcame the strongest field in Olympic history to win the 10,000m final, much to the delight of the packed stadium. Greg Rutherford completed the hat-trick, winning gold in the long jump. But for Ennis, the importance of the medals was not just about the glory of gold. "It's not about the money, it's about achieving something and making your family and friends proud. That's what's important," said Ennis, who also expressed her pride in representing her nation in front of a home crowd.  Ennis' triumph in the heptathlon cemented her status as one of the greatest ever British athletes, and she will undoubtedly go down in history as a legend of her sport. Her performance was not only testament to her physical abilities, but also her mental strength and resilience in the face of huge pressure. Ennis' win also gave the nation a much-needed boost, as the Games had been marred by controversies and concerns in the run-up to the event. With her captivating smile and steely determination, Ennis captured the hearts of the nation and provided a shining example of what can be achieved with hard work and dedication. In the end, Ennis' medal-winning performance was not just about her achievements as an athlete. It was a victory for British sport, for the nation as a whole, and for anyone who has ever dared to dream big and work hard to achieve their goals. As she stood on top of the podium with a gold medal around her neck, Jessica Ennis embodied the Olympic spirit in all its glory.