article: Chelsea midfielder Cesc Fabregas has set the record straight with Spain team-mate Sergio Ramos, who questioned his commitment to the national team. Fabregas and club team-mate Diego Costa missed Spain's last two encounters - a 3-0 triumph over Belarus in a Euro 2016 qualifier and a 1-0 defeat by Germany in a friendly - earlier this month with injuries. Real Madrid defender Ramos questioned the absence of the two Chelsea players, who had played for 90 minutes in the 2-1 Premier League win at Liverpool just days prior to joining Spain's training camp. Cesc Fabregas (left), in action against Schalke on Tuesday, has been brilliant for Chelsea this season . Fabregas played against West Brom at the weekend after missing two Spain games in the international break . Real Madrid and Spain defender Ramos (left) criticised the commitment of players missing internationals . 'Yes I felt like he was alluding to me,' Fabregas told Spanish radio station Cadena Cope. 'I hate that someone doubts my commitment. 'I have played many games (for Spain) and have joined the national team many times without playing. I've played a total of 94 games for Spain, I've been going for nine years, always. And with a big smile. 'I already told Sergio what I thought about it (his comments). Ramos, in action for Spain against Germany, had a dig at Chelsea pair Diego Costa and Fabregas . 'I told him that we played together since the Under 21s and there was no need for him to send messages through the press. 'I said to him that he could call me up and tell it to my face. Everything is clear now and that's what we had to do, to speak. We spoke on the phone and everything is fine.' The 27-year-old insists it was crucial for him to remain in London during the international break in order to recover from a hamstring problem. 'I had a tendinitis in my left leg and had I played, I could have suffered the same situation as (Luka) Modric,' Fabregas said. Fabregas says he has cleared the air with Ramos after the pair had a conversation on the phone . Real Madrid's Croatian midfielder Modric aggravated a thigh injury in a 1-1 draw against Italy and will be sidelined for three months. 'I told the (Spain) coach (Vicente del Bosque) and everything was fine,' Fabregas said. 'He had the same thing when he was a player.' Despite his recurring hamstring problems, Fabregas has enjoyed a superb start to life at Chelsea since moving to the London outfit this summer after three seasons at Barcelona. Fabregas has scored one goal and set up 10 more in 12 Premier League appearances so far to help Jose Mourinho's side lead the Premier League. 'I am playing football with him (Mourinho) where I feel really good, in the position I like to play in,' he said. 'I feel free. 'Perhaps I'm playing the best football of my career. I hold the ball and the confidence just keeps growing.'
highlights: Sergio Ramos questioned the commitment of certain international stars . Cesc Fabregas and Diego Costa pulled out of Spain's recent squad . Pair weren't fit enough to play for Spain during the international break . Fabregas says he has spoken to Ramos to clear up the dispute . The midfielder has won 94 caps for Spain over the past nine years .
id: b64d57b2660f6e6f23958c1196f3797adca87039
chatgpt: Spanish footballer Sergio Ramos has recently questioned the commitment of several international stars. In particular, he has pointed fingers at Cesc Fabregas and Diego Costa, who pulled out of Spain's recent squad due to fitness issues. The Real Madrid defender has been a vocal advocate for hard work and dedication on the pitch, and believes that certain players are not living up to the expectations of the national team. Speaking to reporters, Ramos suggested that some players may be putting their club careers ahead of their national duties. "I think it's important to remember that playing for your country is the ultimate goal for any footballer," he said. "But it seems that some players don't feel the same way. They need to understand that representing Spain is a privilege, and they should be doing everything they can to help us win." Ramos was particularly critical of Fabregas, who has won 94 caps for Spain over the past nine years. The Chelsea midfielder was forced to pull out of the recent squad due to a muscle injury, but Ramos believes that he should have made more of an effort to recover in time. "It's disappointing when players say they're not fit enough to play for their country, but then they're back on the pitch for their club just a few days later," he said. "It makes you wonder where their priorities lie." Fabregas has since responded to Ramos' comments, insisting that he is fully committed to playing for Spain. The 31-year-old midfielder revealed that he had spoken directly to Ramos to clear up the dispute. "I understand where Sergio is coming from, and I respect his opinion," said Fabregas. "But I want to make it clear that I would never shirk my responsibilities for Spain. I love playing for my country and I'm proud to have won 94 caps. Unfortunately, my injury was too severe to play through, and I had to focus on recovering in time for Chelsea." Diego Costa was another player who withdrew from Spain's recent squad due to fitness issues. The Atletico Madrid striker has a history of injury problems, and Ramos suggested that he may need to reassess his approach to training and recovery. "Diego is a fantastic player, but he needs to be more disciplined when it comes to looking after himself," said Ramos. "We need him to be fit and firing on all cylinders if we're going to have any chance of winning trophies for Spain." Despite the controversy, Spain managed to secure two comfortable victories during the international break. They beat Faroe Islands 4-1 in a Euro 2020 qualifier, before thrashing Sweden 3-0 in a friendly. Ramos played the full 90 minutes in both matches, showing no sign of the calf injury that had kept him out of Real Madrid's previous fixture. Spain will now look ahead to their next fixtures, which include a qualifier against Malta in November. With Ramos leading the way, they will be hoping to continue their winning streak and secure a place at Euro 2020.