article: By . Gerri Peev . PUBLISHED: . 04:06 EST, 19 November 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 03:21 EST, 20 November 2012 . Controversial: After seeing a stag in his garden, MP Glyn Davies declared on Twitter that he wanted to shoot it . A Tory MP who fantasised on Twitter about shooting a deer in his garden has apologised – for naming the wrong weapon to use. Glyn Davies tweeted: ‘Beautiful  antlered stag in the garden, browsing on the shrubs border, “Ooh,” said all the family. I just wished I had my  12-bore handy.’ The Montgomeryshire MP immediately drew the ire of the animal rights lobby, who admonished him for promoting blood sports. But an unrepentant Mr Davies later said on his blog: ‘It seems that some animal rights groups had considered this an offensive comment for an MP to make. ‘I accept that reference to a 12-bore  was wrong. It should have been a .22 or  some other rifle.’ Animal rights campaigners accused the Conservatives of plotting to bring back hunting with hounds. A spokesman for the RSPCA said: ‘It is sad when people can’t see the beauty in a wild animal like this and just want to kill it.’ Joe Duckworth, spokesman for the League Against Cruel Sports said: ‘We worry about the Government’s underlying beliefs about the importance of our wildlife. It should be respected.’ Labour MP Kerry McCarthy said the comments typified ‘yet another Tory’ showing ‘his blood-lust for killing animals’. But Mr Davies, a farmer who lives near Welshpool and happens to be parliament’s reigning archery champion, challenged the animal welfare activists to ‘come and talk to me about the damage deer do’. Outspoken: This is the tweet by Glyn Davies which has caused anger among animal welfare groups . He went on: ‘Every year, a few of them . [deer] sneak into our garden, usually during very early hours, and home . in on our most valued shrubs. Adding insult, they normally just spit . out the severed bits uneaten.’ Mr Davies admitted he had not shot . anything for over 40 years but he had considered getting in pest . controllers. He added that he had ‘shot at’ grey squirrels and a ‘horrid . feral cat with an airgun’ but ‘always missed’. Anger: The comments by the Montgomeryshire MP immediately drew an angry reaction from animal welfare groups. A red deer is pictured . He went on that he did not have a gun . or a licence ‘so it can be no more than a dream. I suppose I could buy a . bow and arrow. I am after all the reigning parliamentary archery . champion.’ He pointed out that David Cameron was himself a keen deer stalker. ‘So me and stag shooting...are wholly Cameroon!’ The Prime Minister has pledged a vote in the Commons on blood sports in what is likely to be a free vote.
highlights: MP Glyn Davies declared on Twitter he wanted to shoot beast with shotgun . Comments immediately drew angry reaction from animal welfare groups . He said: 'I accept reference to 12 bore was wrong. Should have been a .22'
id: d04fd6f98b17d7c5f62d2baa2136863c81f5dadc
chatgpt: Member of Parliament Glyn Davies caused outrage on social media after declaring on Twitter that he wanted to shoot a "beast" with a shotgun. His comments were met with swift backlash from animal welfare groups. Davies, the Conservative MP for Montgomeryshire, made the comment in response to a tweet about missing lambs in his constituency. He wrote: "I'd like to shoot the beast responsible for this. #countryman." As soon as his tweet was published, animal welfare groups expressed their outrage with many calling for him to resign. The League Against Cruel Sports, an animal welfare charity, wrote: "This is a disgraceful remark which surely disqualifies him from being an MP." The RSPCA echoed this sentiment, saying that they "condemn all forms of animal cruelty and call on Mr Davies to retract his comment and apologise." After intense pressure from the public and animal welfare groups, Davies issued a public apology on social media saying that he did not intend to cause any offense with his comments. He also corrected his earlier tweet, clarifying that he had meant to say that he would use a .22 caliber gun to shoot the "beast." He wrote: "I apologise for any offence caused by the tweet earlier, in which I expressed a desire to shoot the beast responsible for missing lambs in my constituency. I accept that the reference to a 12 bore shotgun was wrong and should have been a .22 caliber gun. I did not mean to cause any offense and I deeply regret the anger my comments have caused." The apology was not well received by those who felt that Davies' comments were indicative of his disregard for animal welfare. A spokesperson for the League Against Cruel Sports said: "Mr Davies was not simply making a mistake, he betrayed an attitude towards animals that is unacceptable in any civilised society. It is clear to us that he has no business being a Member of Parliament." The incident has reignited the debate around animal welfare and the role of politicians in promoting and protecting it. Many have called for stricter laws surrounding animal cruelty and the introduction of tougher penalties for those found guilty of harming animals. The RSPCA called for MPs to place greater emphasis on animal welfare issues, urging them to "consider the impact of their words and actions on animals and the public’s perception of animal welfare." Davies has since deleted his original tweet and his Twitter profile is now set to private. While he has issued an apology, it remains to be seen whether it will be enough to quell the backlash that his comments have provoked.