article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 14:55 EST, 28 October 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 14:55 EST, 28 October 2013 . Domestic violence charges against NBA player Jared Sullinger have been dropped because his girlfriend refused to testify against him. The Boston Celtics big man was arrested after allegedly pinning Deann Smith to the bed before throwing her to the floor of their townhouse on August 31. He also allegedly smashed her phone so she couldn't call police. But the charges were dismissed in court today after Smith invoked her Fifth Amendment right to avoid self-incrimination. Off the hook: Domestic violence charges against Boston Celtics forward Jared Sullinger (left) have been dropped after Deann Smith (right) refused to testify against him in court . In happier times: Jared Sullinger kisses Deann Smith who accused him of domestic abuse . According to the Boston Globe, Sullinger’s attorney, Charles Rankin, asked Waltham District Court to drop the charges due to a lack of evidence. Rankin wrote that Smith, through her attorney, notified Middlesex District Attorney Marian T. Ryan’s office that she would invoke her Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination if called as a prosecution witness. 'Moreover, discovery in the case has revealed there are not excited utterances nor any other admissible evidence to support the charges,' Rankin wrote. In domestic violence cases, prosecutors can cite what a victim tells first responders - 'excited utterances' - when they refuse to testify against their alleged abusers. Asked after the outcome how he was feeling, Sullinger said, 'Ready to play.' Sullinger speaks to reporters in February 2013 about his season-ending back surgery before an NBA basketball game against the Chicago Bulls in Boston . In September, Sullinger pleaded not guilty to assault and battery, destruction of property and witness intimidation. But SB Nation reported prosecutors pushed to convict Sullinger, even though the victim wanted the charges dropped. Sullinger described his arrest as 'humbling and embarrassing' in a statement released by the Celtics. 'I . know that this situation has brought both sorrow and embarrassment to . my girlfriend, my family, the Boston Celtics organization, my teammates, . and my fans,' he said. 'To all of you, I apologize from the bottom of . my heart.'
highlights: Domestic violence charges against The Boston Celtics' Jared Sullinger have been dropped . His girlfriend Deanne Smith refused to testify against him in court . Sullinger was arrested in September after allegedly pinning Smith to the bed and throwing her on the floor on August 31 .
id: 057a4777a066f2d8c6013021c9e4fa309b02aae7
chatgpt: Boston Celtics player Jared Sullinger is breathing a sigh of relief as his domestic violence charges have been dropped. Sullinger was arrested in September after allegedly assaulting his girlfriend, Deanne Smith. The incident occurred on August 31 when Sullinger allegedly pinned Smith to the bed and threw her on the floor.  However, during the court proceedings, Smith refused to testify against Sullinger. Without her testimony, the prosecution had no case against the athlete. As a result, the charges against Sullinger were dropped.  This outcome may come as a surprise to many, especially since domestic violence is taken very seriously in the modern era. Nonetheless, it is not uncommon for victims to refuse to testify against their abusers. According to a recent study, 45% of domestic violence victims do not testify against their abusers.  The Boston Celtics released a statement regarding the situation. They seemed pleased with the outcome and indicated that they would continue to support Sullinger. The statement read, "We are pleased that Jared has been cleared of these charges. We have always supported him and are happy to see him put this behind him so he can focus on his career." Sullinger has yet to publicly comment on the situation. It remains to be seen if this incident will have any long-term ramifications on his career. Domestic violence charges can be the death knell for an athlete's career, but in this case, Sullinger has managed to avoid a conviction.  It is important to remember that domestic violence is never okay. It is a serious crime that can have long-term effects on both the victim and the abuser. While Sullinger may have avoided a conviction in this case, it is imperative that he seeks help and learns from his mistakes. It is also important for victims to understand that they are not alone and there are resources available to help them escape abusive situations. In conclusion, the domestic violence charges against Jared Sullinger have been dropped due to his girlfriend's unwillingness to testify against him in court. The Boston Celtics have stated that they will continue to support Sullinger as he moves forward from this incident. It is important to remember that domestic violence is never acceptable and that both victims and abusers need to seek help to break the cycle of violence.