article: By . Brendan Carlin . PUBLISHED: . 20:09 EST, 20 April 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 20:09 EST, 20 April 2013 . Backlash: Ed Milliband invited Respect MP Mr Galloway to his Commons office . Ed Miliband last night faced an angry backlash from Labour MPs after it emerged he held a secret meeting with George Galloway, who was thrown out of the party ten years ago. The Labour leader invited Respect MP Mr Galloway to his Commons office, where they had a ‘cordial and friendly conversation’ for nearly an hour. It has sparked rumours that Mr Miliband is considering allowing Mr Galloway to rejoin the party. But Labour MPs warned their leader . against taking such action. ‘Galloway is a traitor,’ said one. ‘It’s . naive lunacy for the leader to have anything to do with him. I thought . he wanted to get rid of the Red Ed tag. He will rejoin Labour over my . dead body.’ Mr Galloway was expelled from Labour . after he was accused of inciting foreign forces to rise up against . British troops invading Iraq – military action he strongly opposed. Last year, Mr Galloway humiliated Mr . Miliband by triumphing over Labour in the Bradford West by- election by a . thumping 10,000 votes. If he returned to his former party, it could give Mr Miliband an extra seat at the next General Election in 2015. Mr Miliband believes that winning seats in Labour’s northern stronghold is key to him ousting David Cameron from No  10. Controversial character: George Galloway MP, formerly of the Labour Party . Senior Labour sources denied there were plans to let Mr Galloway rejoin the party, saying it was ‘merely a get to know you’ meeting. But friends of Mr Galloway said he was ‘taken aback’ to receive the invitation. ‘Obviously it was an olive branch,’ said one. ‘It is hard to imagine why Ed would want to see him unless he is thinking of letting George back in. They had a very friendly chat and agreed to stay in touch. At one point in the meeting, Mr Miliband asked Mr Galloway why he had left the party. He replied, ‘I didn’t leave, I was thrown out.’ Both men laughed. News of the meeting, said to have taken place a few weeks ago, was leaked days after Mr Galloway greeted Margaret Thatcher’s death by saying: ‘May she burn in the hellfires.’ In 2006, he was ridiculed after taking time off from his MP’s duties to appear on Celebrity Big Brother. During one episode he pretended to be a cat. Labour last night confirmed the meeting took place but insisted there had been no attempt to bring Mr Galloway back into the party as many of his views were ‘unacceptable’.
highlights: Revelation will do nothing for Labour leader trying to shake 'Red Ed' tag . George Galloway was thrown out of the party ten years ago .
id: 8a63d4ed82617bb5f3da2ab351138b4690c9e03b
chatgpt: In an effort to distance himself from the "Red Ed" tag and improve his image with the public, Labour leader Ed Miliband has made a startling revelation. However, many experts believe that the news will do little to help him in his endeavors. At a recent press conference, Miliband announced that he had recently discovered that controversial politician George Galloway had been thrown out of the Labour party ten years ago. Galloway was expelled from the party following comments he made about the Iraq war, which were seen as divisive and damaging to the party's reputation. Miliband claimed that he had no knowledge of Galloway's past with the party until recently, and praised the decision to expel him. However, many political analysts are skeptical that this revelation will do much to improve Miliband's image. "Frankly, I don't think anyone's going to see this as a game-changer," said political commentator John Smith. "Most people won't even remember who George Galloway is, let alone care that he was expelled from the Labour party ten years ago." Smith's sentiments were echoed by many others in the political world, who feel that Miliband is fighting an uphill battle when it comes to his public image. "The fact of the matter is that Miliband has struggled to connect with the public since he became leader," said political strategist Sarah Johnson. "He hasn't been able to shake the 'Red Ed' label, and while this revelation might be interesting from a historical perspective, I don't think it's going to have much of an impact on his current standing with the public." Indeed, recent polls show that Miliband's approval rating remains stubbornly low, with many voters saying they simply don't find him charismatic or inspiring. Despite this, Miliband has remained upbeat in recent weeks, launching a strong campaign against Conservative plans to cut welfare benefits and implementing new policies aimed at improving the lives of ordinary people. "It's true that I have a lot of work to do when it comes to my public image," Miliband admitted in a recent interview. "But I'm confident that if I keep focusing on the issues that matter to people, and keep putting forward strong policies that will make a real difference in their lives, I can turn things around." Whether or not his strategy will be successful remains to be seen, but one thing is clear: Miliband will need to work hard to shake the "Red Ed" tag and win over the hearts and minds of the British public.