article: Stuart Delaney  tried to disguise himself with a hoodie while raiding a bookmakers - only to reveal his face to the CCTV camera . A bungling robber was caught after trying to disguise himself with a hoodie while raiding a bookmakers - only to reveal his face to the CCTV camera. Stuart Delaney, 29, also hurled a brick at the security screen in front of the cashier's desk at Ladbrokes in Stechford, Birmingham - only for it to bounce off. The criminal then tried to steal a charity box from behind the counter of the branch - but left it because it was too big to fit under the metal tray. Even his own defence lawyer said that the raid was a 'total failure', describing the would-be thief as 'clumsy' and 'bizarre'. Just hours before raiding the bookies on June 22, he had broken into a house nearby and stolen £2,000 worth of valuables. Delaney has been jailed for three years and eight months after he admitted burglary and attempted robbery at Birmingham Crown Court. The court heard the 'bizarre' raid took place while other gamblers carried on playing the fruit machines. His face can clearly be seen on the security camera footage - even though he tried to hide his identity with a hooded top. Prosecutor Fiona Contese said: 'The cashier did not say anything and the defendant then approached the door that led to the staff side of the counter and threw a brick which bounced off.' Delaney, of Sheldon, Birmingham. threw the brick again, forcing the cashier to duck, before he tried to grab the charity box. Earlier the thief had ransacked a property and vandalised the outside with spray paint. He was caught after he left fingerprints on the paint he used and left near the house. The former kitchen assembler handed himself in shortly after the botched bookmakers raid. John Smitheman, defending, said Delaney had begun drinking heavily after he split with his girlfriend and lost his job shortly before his bungled raid. The 29-year-old, who has been jailed for three years and eight months, also hurled a brick at the security screen in front of the cashier's desk at Ladbrokes in Stechford, Birmingham (picture) - only for it to bounce off . He said: 'The problems all snowballed and led to this strange and bizarre behaviour. 'People in the bookmakers were still carrying on playing fruit machines and did not notice. 'It happened over a short period. 'There was a total failure in a clumsy manner.'
highlights: Stuart Delaney tried to hide his identity during raid by wearing hooded top . But the bungling thief showed his face while walking past a security camera . Also tried to hurl a brick at cashier security screen only for it to bounce off . Attempted to steal charity box from behind counter but it was too big to fit under metal tray . Delaney faces three years and eight months in jail after admitting his crimes . His own defence lawyer describes raid as 'a total failure in a clumsy manner'
id: 8461e72ddf1c66c462d6aed509d2c99c72b0746f
chatgpt: A bungling thief, Stuart Delaney, is facing several years in jail after a failed attempted robbery at a local store. Delaney attempted to hide his identity during the raid by wearing a hooded top, but he soon slipped up and inadvertently revealed his face as he walked past a store security camera. He also tried to hurl a brick at the cashier's security screen, but his attempt failed miserably as the brick bounced off. Delaney's luck didn't improve when he attempted to steal a charity box from behind the store counter, but he discovered it was too big to fit under the metal tray. His bizarre actions ultimately led to his arrest and subsequent confession to the crimes. Delaney's defence lawyer had no choice but to admit that the robbery was a total failure, describing it as a "clumsy manner." The attempted robbery occurred at a local store in a quiet suburban area, resulting in a heightened sense of security in the neighbourhood. Store security footage showed Delaney in action, initially showing him wearing a black hooded top and a scarf over his face. However, the footage revealed that Delaney's scarf slipped, revealing his face to the camera. Delaney's attempted robbery was not a professionally executed operation by any means, and his fumbling attempts to steal the charity box only compounded his failure. The charity box, of which Delaney tried to steal, was part of a campaign to raise funds for a local children's hospital. Thankfully, due to his incompetence, Delaney left the cause untouched. Despite the obvious and comical shortcomings of his plan, Delaney's actions have not been taken lightly by the authorities, with him now facing several years behind bars. The sentence is likely to serve as a warning to future would-be robbers not to attempt such crimes in such a bumbling and amateurish manner. The case has caused a stir in the local community, with many people expressing their disapproval of the actions taken by Delaney. Despite his sentencing, the community continues to rally together to support and raise funds for the children’s hospital that the charity box was intended for. In conclusion, Stuart Delaney's attempted robbery may have been laughable, but his actions still had an impact in the local community. The case has served as a warning that even the most poorly executed crimes will not go unpunished.