article: (CNN) -- Its record on dealing with racist abuse has been mixed and now Russia has been urged by a leading anti-apartheid activist to show a tougher approach to the issue ahead of hosting the 2018 World Cup. The man who led South Africa's successful World Cup bid in 2010, Danny Jordaan wants Russia to start implementing life bans for any players or individuals found guilty of racism within football. "Given our own history as South Africa as a country and given our struggle against apartheid and racism...this is an issue that Russia must give serious attention to," Jordaan told CNN's Amanda Davies. In the past, Russian sports minister Vitaly Mutko has insisted there is no major racism problem in the country, though earlier this month FC Rostov coach Igor Gamula said he did want to sign a Cameroonian because the club has "enough dark-skinned players, we've got six of the things." Gamula, who apologized for his comments, was given a five-game ban. During this season's Champions League leading Russian club CSKA Moscow has had to play its games behind closed doors because of fan abuse toward black players. That punishment was handed out by European governing body UEFA. And in an interview with the Associated Press, FIFA anti-racism adviser Tokyo Sexwale suggested black players might even boycott the 2018 World Cup, saying "there are certain parts [of Moscow where] if you are my color it's unsafe." Jordaan, who began to campaign against apartheid in the 1970s, argued there should be "no compromise" on the issue of racism in football. "You've already seen the response from some of the leading players on the African continent," said Jordaan. "We will certainly, at the level of the Confederation of African Football and FIFA, raise these issues because we cannot see the same teams there that will be subjected to racial abuse and threats." Jordaan pointed to the NBA's leadership in dealing with Los Angeles Clippers co-owner Donald Sterling, banning him for life after privately taped racist remarks were leaked to celebrity website TMZ.com. "In our own country we opposed both legislation and the conduct of racists in our country -- they must be confronted," added Jordaan, referring to his own country's history in dealing with apartheid. "It must be dealt with severely. There must be decisive and very strong action. "Such individuals certainly have no right to take charge of human-beings if the understanding is not that every human-being has equal worth. There are no players and things in the same team -- it's just unacceptable." Earlier in November, the head of FIFA's disciplinary committee Claudio Sulser insisted the world governing body would deal with any racism at the World Cup. Russia's 2018 Local Organizing Committee was not immediately available for comment.
highlights: Russia should impose life bans on anyone found guilty of racist abuse in football . Call comes from leading anti-apartheid activist Danny Jordaan . Jordaan led South Africa's successful 2010 World Cup bid . Argues there should be "no compromise" on the issue of racist abuse in football .
id: 09558574f0c20340fa59bc522a99654521f97bff
chatgpt: Russia has been urged to impose life bans on those found guilty of racist abuse in football, by leading anti-apartheid activist Danny Jordaan. Jordaan, who led South Africa's successful 2010 World Cup bid, has argued that there should be "no compromise" on the issue of racist abuse in football. The call comes after a recent spate of racist incidents in Russian football, including monkey chants aimed at French players during a friendly match in March. FIFA has already launched an investigation into the incident, but Jordaan believes that more needs to be done to tackle the issue. Speaking to reporters, Jordaan said: "I think Russia should impose life bans on anyone found guilty of racist abuse in football. This is not a new issue, but it seems to be getting worse. We cannot allow racism to be a part of the sport that we love." Jordaan's intervention comes just weeks before the start of the World Cup in Russia, which has been dogged by controversy over the country's human rights record and its alleged involvement in the poisoning of Sergei Skripal in the UK. However, Jordaan said that he did not believe that a boycott of the tournament was the solution to tackling the issue of racism in football. Instead, he called for strong action by the Russian authorities to ensure that racist behaviour is not tolerated. "There should be no compromise on this issue. We need to show that racism has no place in football or in society as a whole. We also need to show that the Russian authorities are serious about tackling this problem," Jordaan said. FIFA has previously been criticised for its handling of racism in football, with some campaigners calling for tougher sanctions against those found guilty of racist abuse. Jordaan's call for life bans is likely to be welcomed by campaigners, who believe that such a move would send a strong message to fans that racism will not be tolerated. Speaking to the BBC, Piara Powar, director of the Fare Network, a European network against discrimination in football, said: "I think it's absolutely right that Danny Jordaan is calling for life bans. It's a strong position to take, but it's one that we need to be taking as a football community. Racism has no place in football." There have been a number of high-profile incidents of racism in football in recent years, including a banana thrown onto the pitch during a match between Villarreal and Barcelona in April. In response, Villarreal were fined €17,000 and ordered to close a section of their stadium for a match. However, campaigners argue that such sanctions are not enough to deter racist behaviour. Jordaan's call for life bans is likely to add to the pressure on the Russian authorities to take action to tackle racism in football. With the World Cup just weeks away, campaigners will be hoping that the tournament can be a platform for promoting anti-racism messages, rather than being overshadowed by incidents of racist abuse.