article: Richmond (CNN) -- Closing arguments concluded Friday in the trial of former Virginia Gov. Bob McDonnell and his wife Maureen. The two are accused of conspiring to commit corruption after accepting money loans from a person hoping to gain the governor's influential support for a business product. Prosecutors argued during their closing that McDonnell, while seemingly taking responsibility for his actions, blamed others at every turn. McDonnell's defense rides on the claim that he did not know his wife Maureen had accepted loans from Jonnie Williams, who was seeking support from the governor for a product from his nutritional supplement company. Nor did he know that she had accepted designer dresses or a Rolex watch as a gift from Williams, defense lawyers said. During the trial, salacious details about the couple's marriage came out, detailing that purportedly they barely spoke after 38 years of marriage and thus, said the defense, could not have conspired to corrupt. Prosecutors said the two didn't need to like each other to conspire. "He was a strong governor. He was a weak husband," prosecutor Michael Dry said of the one-time rising star in the Republican Party who had potential presidential ambitions. McDonnell, wife plead not guilty to gift charges . Prosecutors alleged that once Maureen McDonnell became aware of the investigation about the corruption, she returned the designer dresses that she received from Williams. She wrote a note to Williams saying that she hoped his daughters could wear the dresses after she received them on loan, or that even they could be auctioned for a worthy charity. The prosecution pointed out that Williams' daughters are smaller in size than Maureen McConnell . If the dresses were in fact on loan, that would not be a crime. The governor's wife waited two years to return them, however. The defense also argued that there is no direct effect of those loans or other gifts given to the McDonnells that caused the governor use official actions to help Williams and his business, . Prosecutors said they don't need to prove there was a direct action based on the alleged bribes but did note Williams was able to have his business featured during an event at the executive mansion, and the governor pitched his product during a meeting with state workers. Defense lawyers also contended Williams was only out for himself, selling out the governor to gain immunity from alleged crimes. They also argued that Williams made up a lot of his story to give the government a bigger prize in the former governor. Jurors will return after the Labor Day weekend to receive instructions from the judge and then head to deliberations. The former governor was once rumored to be a potential vice presidential candidate with Mitt Romney. "It's sad for the McDonald family and sad for the state of Virginia. Regardless of the verdict, there will be no winners," prosecutor Dry said.
highlights: Former Virginia Gov. Bob McDonnell was a rising star in the Republican Party . He and his wife are on trial on federal charges . They are accused of accepting loans and gifts from a businessman . Closing arguments in the trial concluded Friday; the case will go to the jury next week .
id: 3efc144b650c2c9ae56d7ecef04800788c827f2c
chatgpt: Former Virginia Governor Bob McDonnell and his wife are currently embroiled in a highly publicized federal trial, accused of accepting loans and gifts from a wealthy businessman. The McDonnells, once considered rising stars in the Republican Party, have been trying to clear their names in court after being indicted on several counts of corruption and fraud.  The case, which has been ongoing for several weeks, centers around allegations that the McDonnells accepted high-end gifts from businessman Jonnie Williams, including a Rolex watch, designer clothing, and a golf trip, in exchange for political favors. Prosecutors have argued that the McDonnells used their positions of power to promote Williams' medical supplements company, which was struggling financially at the time. Throughout the trial, the defense team has maintained that the McDonnells did nothing illegal, and that any gifts received were simply acts of friendship. They have also argued that Bob McDonnell never used his office to promote Williams' company, and that his actions were not illegal. Closing arguments were presented in the case on Friday, and the jury is scheduled to begin deliberations next week. The prosecution presented a strong case, arguing that the McDonnells had a clear quid pro quo relationship with Williams, and that they violated the public's trust by accepting gifts from a businessman who was seeking their help. The defense team, on the other hand, argued that the McDonnells were simply doing what any friend would do, and that Williams had not received any special favors in exchange for his gifts. They also claimed that the prosecution had no concrete evidence of any wrongdoing on the part of the McDonnells. The case has been closely watched by politicians and legal experts alike, as it could have far-reaching implications for future corruption cases. If the McDonnells are found guilty, they could face several years in prison, and their political careers could be irreparably damaged. Regardless of the outcome of the trial, the McDonnells' case highlights the need for stronger ethics laws and regulations when it comes to the relationship between politicians and wealthy donors. Many have criticized the "pay to play" culture that has become all too common in politics, and have called for stricter rules around gift-giving and campaign contributions. As the case heads to the jury, observers around the country will be watching closely to see what kind of precedent is set, and how it will impact the future of American politics. Will the McDonnells be found guilty of corruption, or will they be cleared of all charges? Only time will tell.