article: By . Associated Press, Reuters Reporter and Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 12:43 EST, 11 December 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 16:02 EST, 11 December 2012 . A Florida judge has rejected requests by George Zimmerman's lawyers to cut his 24-hour GPS monitoring while he is out on bond in the fatal shooting of Florida teenager Trayvon Martin. Judge Debra Nelson denied the bond requests from Zimmerman's defense team on Tuesday. Zimmerman, who appears to have put on a drastic amount of weight since his arrest in April, faces a murder trial next June in the shooting death of Martin, a black teenager who was unarmed. Scroll down for video . Legal fight: George Zimmerman looks noticeably heavier as he arrives at the Seminole County courthouse for a hearing on Tuesday . Denied: George Zimmerman, pictured in court on Tuesday, was rejected in his bid to remove a 24-hour monitoring device . Transformation: Zimmerman, pictured left at Tuesday's court hearing, . appears to have put on a drastic amount of weight in the last few . months. At right, Zimmerman is pictured in April . Besides dropping the monitoring, the defense wanted the former neighborhood watch volunteer to move outside of the area where he and his wife Shellie are currently in hiding. Zimmerman, 29, has been confined to . Seminole County under a $1million bond since July, when a judge . concluded that he had presented false information about his assets and . was a flight risk. The Zimmermans say they are living in hiding and 'in fear of violence,' according to a . 74-page motion filed by defense attorney Mark O'Mara. O'Mara had said that Zimmerman needed the . flexibility to travel for his personal safety and to be available to . assist his lawyers in meetings with witnesses. Murder of self-defense: George Zimmerman, pictured in a mugshot earlier this year, has been charged with second-degree murder in the death of Trayvon Martin, right . Divisive issue: Martin's death has sparked various protests and rallies across the country since his death on February 26 . Self-defense: Zimmerman has pleaded not guilty, claiming he had acted under Florida's controversial 'stand your ground' law . Zimmerman is charged with second-degree murder in the 17-year-old Martin's shooting following an altercation in Sanford in February. The former neighborhood watch volunteer has pleaded not guilty, claiming self-defense under Florida's controversial 'stand your ground' law. Prosecutors argue that Zimmerman pursued, confronted . and killed Martin, who was returning with from a nearby 7-Eleven to . the townhouse where he was staying with his father to watch the NBA . All-Star Game, with Skittles for his little brother. Nelson has set a trial date for June 10. He also set a 'stand your ground' hearing for 45 days before the murder trial where Zimmerman can argue it was self-defense and ask the judge to drop the charge.
highlights: Judge denies new bond motions put forth by George Zimmerman's defense team . Former neighborhood watch volunteer looks much heavier in latest court appearance . Zimmerman is charged with second-degree murder in the death of Martin, an unarmed teen who was returning from a nearby 7-Eleven .
id: 28988b394b460953dc18ad7e576d488ce69cad48
chatgpt: In a courtroom in Florida, Judge Debra Nelson denied new bond motions put forth by the defense team of George Zimmerman who is charged with second-degree murder in the death of Trayvon Martin, an unarmed teenager who was returning from a nearby 7-Eleven. The former neighborhood watch volunteer appeared in court and seemed to have gained a considerable amount of weight since his last court appearance. Zimmerman, who has been detained since his arrest in April of last year, has undergone several bond hearings. In June 2012, he was granted bail for $1 million but was sent back to jail in July after the judge revoked his bond due to misleading information that his wife gave about their finances. The defense team argued that Zimmerman should be released on bond once again, saying that his confinement was unnecessary as he posed no threat and he would not flee from authorities. However, the judge disagreed, stating that the evidence presented did not meet the requirements for bond. Zimmerman's appearance in court also drew attention as he appeared much heavier, wearing a blue suit and a white shirt. He sat quietly, occasionally taking notes while listening to the defense team's arguments. Zimmerman's attorney, Mark O'Mara, acknowledged Zimmerman's physical transformation but stated that it was due to the stress that he had been under. The proceedings took a somber tone as the prosecution brought up the untimely death of the young Trayvon Martin. They argued that Zimmerman had already proven that he was a danger to the community and that he should not be released on bond until his trial. The case has garnered significant attention across the United States and sparked a debate on race relations and gun laws. Trayvon Martin, an African American teenager, was shot and killed by Zimmerman, a Hispanic man, who claimed it was in self-defense. Zimmerman's trial is set to start on June 10, 2013, and he could face up to life imprisonment if he is convicted of second-degree murder. The judge's decision to deny his bond request means that he will remain in custody until his trial. The case has become one of the most high-profile criminal trials in recent memory, and the outcome will undoubtedly have an impact on the country's perception of race relations and justice. With just a few months left before the trial begins, the world continues to watch and wait to see what will happen next in this tragic and divisive case.