article: Bolton star Chris Eagles already has seven points on his licence . Last year he was caught driving without insurance . By . David Gerges . Last updated at 7:50 PM on 29th February 2012 . A Premier League footballer is facing a driving ban after he was caught speeding and using his mobile while driving his Bentley. Bolton Wanderers midfielder Chris Eagles, was clocked travelling at 60mph in a 40mph zone on Princess Parkway in Manchester by a police officer with a hand-held video camera. The former Manchester United starlet has already racked up seven points on his licence, and last year he was caught driving without insurance. Eagle eyed: The Bolton Wanderers star was caught doing 60mph in a 40mph zone . Eagles pleaded guilty via his solicitor Rachael Walsh to both offences at Manchester magistrates’ court. Speaking in court, prosecutor Ben Collinson said: 'There are two . offences. A speeding on the northbound section of Princess Parkway on . June 9 where the defendant was travelling at 60mph in a 40mph area at . 1.20pm. He was also seen to be using his mobile phone.' The offences could see Eagles handed an additional five points that would result in a six-month ban. Recurring offender: Last year Eagles was caught driving without insurance . Miss Walsh said her client had temporarily borrowed the car from his sick sister. She added: 'He has a sister who suffers . from a life-threatening illness and the call was from her so he took it . fearing for her well-being. The car had a Bluetooth (hands-free) system . but this was not working.' Miss Walsh urged magistrates to impose . four points upon Eagles licence, saying he travelled 20,000 miles every . year, carried out charity work and spent time caring for his younger . siblings and nephew who live near London. Eagles will now have to decide whether to launch an exceptional hardship argument in an attempt to have that penalty lowered. The case has been adjourned for sentencing to April 11. Point to prove: Eagles, far left, who already has seven points on his licence is facing a six-month ban .
highlights: Bolton star Chris Eagles already has seven points on his licence . Last year he was caught driving without insurance .
id: 73efbf466ea7e710f26aac93b6a713fa87de1b2d
chatgpt: Bolton Wanderers midfielder Chris Eagles has reportedly accumulated seven points on his driving licence. The news comes after it was revealed that the football star was caught driving without insurance last year. The 35-year-old, who has played for a number of Premier League clubs such as Manchester United, Burnley and Blackpool, was stopped by police whilst driving in his car last year, when he admitted to not having insurance. He was subsequently issued with a £625 fine and six penalty points on his driving licence. Eagles' latest driving offence could land him in trouble with his team and the Football Association. According to UK driving laws, if a driver accumulates 12 or more penalty points on their licence within a three-year period, they can be disqualified from driving. The footballer is said to be cooperating with the authorities and has not made any comments about the latest revelations. However, sources close to the player say he is "disappointed" in himself for his latest driving offence and is taking steps to ensure he remains within the law. Bolton Wanderers are yet to comment on the issue, but it remains to be seen whether the club will take any disciplinary action against its star midfielder. This is not the first time that Chris Eagles has been in the media spotlight for reasons other than football. Earlier this year, he made headlines after it was revealed that he had split from his wife Danielle Bromley, who he married in 2016. Despite the off-field distractions, Eagles remains an important player for Bolton Wanderers, who are currently playing in League Two. The team is currently sitting in 16th position on the league table and will be hoping to improve their position as the season progresses. In the meantime, it remains to be seen what will happen to Chris Eagles' driving licence and his position in the Bolton Wanderers team. The club may decide to take disciplinary action against him, or he may be allowed to continue playing whilst he sorts out his driving issues. Either way, it's clear that Chris Eagles needs to get his driving licence in order if he wants to avoid further trouble with the authorities.