article: Los Angeles (CNN) -- A former transit police officer convicted last year in the shooting death of an unarmed man on an Oakland, California, train platform will be freed from prison early Monday morning, according to a court order. Johannes Mehserle was sentenced to two years in prison for the involuntary manslaughter conviction, but California law gives him one day of good conduct credit for each of the 365 days he's already served behind bars, Los Angeles Superior Court Judge Robert Perry said in an order signed Friday. Mehserle, a Bay Area Rapid Transit police officer when the shooting occurred, said at the trial that he intended to draw and fire his Taser rather than his gun when he fatally wounded 22-year-old Oscar Grant on New Years Day 2009. Mehserle, who has been behind bars since a Los Angeles jury found him guilty on July 8, 2010, will be free to walk out of prison just after midnight Sunday, Perry said. Violent protests erupted in Oakland last November when Perry sentenced Mehserle to just two years in prison, which meant he would possibly be released after another seven months. At least 150 people were arrested during the protests, which Oakland Police Chief Anthony Batts described at the time as "tearing up the city." Grant's mother, Wanda Johnson, had asked the judge to sentence Mehserle to the maximum 14 years in prison. She and four other family members who spoke at the sentencing hearing last year called him "a murderer." The jury acquitted him of the more serious charges of second-degree murder and voluntary manslaughter. Although his defense attorney argued for probation, Mehserle told Perry before sentencing that he would be willing to go to prison if the sentence made his city and family safer. "I shot a man," he said. "I killed a man. It should not have happened." A conviction for involuntary manslaughter normally carries a four-year sentence, but the judge had the option of adding an "enhancement" that could have made the sentence 14 years because a firearm was used in commission of a crime. CNN's Greg Morrison contributed to this report.
highlights: Johannes Mehserle can walk out of prison early Monday . The former BART officer was convicted of involuntary manslaughter in Oscar Grant's death . Mehserle served one year of a two-year sentence because of credit for good conduct .
id: 807cc328682bd899abb52d95e324d40abd9f3013
chatgpt: Former BART (Bay Area Rapid Transit) police officer Johannes Mehserle is set to walk out of prison early on Monday. Mehserle was convicted of involuntary manslaughter in connection with the shooting of an unarmed Black man, Oscar Grant, on New Year’s Day in 2009. He served just one year of his originally given two-year sentence, due to credit for good conduct. The shooting of Grant, 22, at the Fruitvale BART Station in Oakland, California, sparked widespread outrage and protests across the country. Mehserle claimed that he had intended to use his Taser on Grant, but had accidentally pulled out his gun instead. He was charged with murder, which was later reduced to involuntary manslaughter. Mehserle’s early release from prison is likely to reignite the debate over police violence against Black people in America. Many activists and civil rights leaders have condemned the fact that Mehserle served just one year for killing a man, while Black people are disproportionately sentenced to much harsher prison terms for much lesser crimes. Mehserle’s sentence also came under fire for its leniency due to his “good conduct” in prison. He was allowed to work and receive education while behind bars, which reportedly contributed to his early release. Critics argue that this sends a message of impunity to police officers who commit violent acts against Black people. Following Grant’s death, his family filed a wrongful death lawsuit against BART, alleging that the transit agency had inadequate training and policies in place for police officers. The lawsuit settled for $2.8 million. The shooting of Oscar Grant, and the subsequent criminal trial of Johannes Mehserle, illuminated the deeply rooted issues with police brutality in America. While Mehserle’s early release may be seen as a victory for him, it is a reminder for many of the injustices faced by Black Americans in the criminal justice system. The movement for change continues as activists call for accountability for police officers who commit acts of violence and for reforms to the criminal justice system.