article: She is yet to make her screen debut, but Cressida Bonas already appears to be completely at home at the glitzy Hollywood parties of the awards season. Prince Harry’s former girlfriend, 25, was seen mixing with the movie world’s A-list as part of the British contingent in Los Angeles ahead of the Golden Globes last night. Her first film, Tulip Fever, is due out later this year. It is being produced by influential movie mogul Harvey Weinstein, who has been singing the aspiring actress’s praises. Scroll down for video . Wowing LA: Cressida with Downton stars Joanne Froggatt and Laura Carmichael at a pre-Golden Globes party (left) and with rumoured new flame Freddie Fox (right) But she seems to have more than her career on her mind, with reports that she has begun a relationship with actor Freddie Fox, 26, son of Day Of The Jackal star Edward Fox and actress Joanna David. Miss Bonas was first spotted with Fox, star of recent film Riot Club, at a West End screening of Tim Burton’s movie Big Eyes. And they were together in Los Angeles at celebrity hot-spot Chateau Marmont on Saturday, posing arm in arm at a pre-Golden Globes dinner, where Miss Bonas was also pictured with Downton Abbey stars Joanne Froggatt and Laura Carmichael. Cressida Bonas dazzled in a white Mulberry dress at the BAFTA tea party in Los Angeles last night . Cressida carried a small Mulberry clutch bag with her white dress as she posed on the red carpet . Miss Bonas, who dated Prince Harry for two years until last spring, stars alongside model Cara Delevingne as well as Oscar-winners Dame Judi Dench and Christoph Waltz in Tulip Fever, but Weinstein has singled her out as one to watch. He said: ‘Cressida is great and people will see what a fantastic actress she is. It will be the first of many roles for her.’ He praised her for not trying to use her fame to secure roles, saying: ‘She is not taking advantage of any media profile.’ Tulip Fever, adapted by Sir Tom Stoppard from the novel by Deborah Moggach, is set in the 17th century and sees an artist fall in love with a young woman after her husband commissions him to paint her portrait. Miss Bonas plays Mrs Steen, the young wife of a merchant. Earlier she dazzled in white at a BAFTA Tea Party, joining Cara Delevingne, Keira Knightley and the ladies of hit TV show Downton Abbey as they partied in the sunshine town. Cressida chatted to director Michael Howells (left) and Downton star Joanne Froggatt (right) Gillian Anderson and Rosamund Pike (left) and Keira Knightley with her musician husband James Righton. The couple are expecting a baby .
highlights: Cressida Bonas was seen mingling with stars at pre Golden Globes party . The 25-year-old former girlfriend of Prince Harry yet to make her film debut . Hollywood heavyweight Harvey Weinstein said she is one to watch .
id: 0005aa80b29d3e89e1f77bb781af9d195374e071
chatgpt: Former girlfriend of Prince Harry, Cressida Bonas, has been making a name for herself in Hollywood after being seen mingling with various stars at a pre Golden Globes party. The 25-year-old actress has yet to make her film debut, but has already caught the attention of Hollywood heavyweight Harvey Weinstein, who stated that she is "one to watch". Bonas, who is best known for her past relationship with Prince Harry, has been steadily making her way in the acting world. She recently landed a role in the British drama series, "White House Farm", which tells the true story of the infamous Bamber family murders that took place in the UK in the 1980s. Although this will mark her first television role, Weinstein has already taken notice of Bonas' potential. "Cressida is a genuinely talented actress and I believe she has a very bright future ahead of her," he stated in a recent interview. Despite her association with the British royal family, Bonas has managed to make a name for herself on her own merit. She has been seen attending various industry events, rubbing shoulders with the likes of fellow actors, producers, and directors. Her appearance at the pre Golden Globes party caused quite a stir, with many people sensing that the young actress is poised for big things in the future. Bonas has certainly been putting in the work to hone her craft. She has studied at the Royal Central School of Speech and Drama in London and also studied dance at Trinity Laban Conservatoire of Music and Dance. Although she has yet to land a major role in Hollywood, Bonas is not rushing her career. In fact, she has stated that she is happy to take her time and build up her resume gradually. "I'm just taking it step by step and trying to learn as much as I can from each experience," she stated in an interview with The Guardian. Despite the pressure that comes with being in the public eye, Bonas has maintained a level head and stays grounded. "I try not to think too much about what other people are saying or thinking," she explained. "I just want to focus on my work and keep challenging myself as an actress." As she continues to make her mark on the acting world, it is clear that Cressida Bonas is a force to be reckoned with. With her poise, talent, and determination, she is poised to make a major impact in Hollywood in the years to come.