article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 17:18 EST, 30 September 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 17:32 EST, 30 September 2013 . After rooting out thousands of white-owned farms, Zimbabwe is now targeting ‘foreign’ trees for the axe. Indigenous trees can stay, but firs, pines and eucalyptus that were planted by early white settlers to remind them of their distant homes are now being pulled up. But the policy has nothing to do with the politics of President Robert Mugabe, or his black empowerment law meant to reverse the entitlements of the white-led rule of the past. Alien: Species such as the pine tree, above, are being uprooted by the Royal Harare Golf Club because they drink too much water . In the rough: Pine trees are popular with golf course designers who create wooded areas, as shown in this Portuguese course . Royal Harare club manager Ian Mathieson said a program to cut down 'alien' trees and replant trees 'indigenous' to Zimbabwe such as the acacia and msasa varieties is under way, and will take 20 years to complete. So far, nearly 60 gnarled and elderly 'foreign' trees have been removed and more than 300 local trees and shrubs have been planted in their place. Foreign eucalyptus, or gum trees, most of them over 100 years old, are set for the chainsaw, said Mathieson. 'If we are to retain water, these trees need to come down' Mathieson said. Nearby pine trees also make the soil acidic and 'there is also the threat of falling debris from the old trees' he said. The early settlers, mainly British, were homesick regions and golf gave them solace. They planted imported trees and shrubs in Rhodesia, as Zimbabwe was known before independence in 1980. King George V, the queen’s grandfather,  played on the course in 1929, bestowing the royal title on the club. But the last of the hardy, long-living foreign trees he saw are being cut down now. Royal connection: The course took its regal name after King George V, above, played there . The first settlers felled the indigenous trees on the course and wild animals that once roamed there disappeared too. Experts have been called in for the replanting exercise that requires careful planning. Every hole has trees planted in ways to make the game more challenging, according to Mathieson. 'A player has to contend with the trees if he hits the ball out of the fairway' he said. The purple blossoming jacaranda tree, a native of South America and Asia brought to Africa by early missionaries, will be spared at Royal Harare. It has become synonymous with Zimbabwe’s 'spring' season because it blooms at winter’s end. Thorn trees, a member of the local acacia species that grows in dozens of African varieties with different hues and shapes, are the indigenous trees of choice at the golf club. The course is home to more than 100 species of birds, many of which migrate thousands of kilometers to the southern hemisphere every year, he said.
highlights: 'Alien' trees suck up too much water, according to Royal Harare golf club . The replanting process will take 20 years, course manager says . The Queen's grandfather, King George V, once played at the course .
id: 432bb0c409774df40bc8349e062dd85382129a2b
chatgpt: Royal Harare Golf Club, a historic golfing destination in Zimbabwe, is undergoing a major overhaul to address the issue of 'alien' trees that are causing water scarcity in the area. The club's course manager, Martin Jongwe, said that the 'alien' trees, which are not native to the region, are consuming vast amounts of water, leaving little for the golf course and surrounding areas. "This has been a growing problem for us for some time now," Jongwe said. "The 'alien' trees are sucking up all the water, and we're left with very little for the golf course and the surrounding areas. It's a serious issue that needs to be addressed." According to Jongwe, the replanting process will take up to 20 years, as the club works to replace the 'alien' trees with indigenous species that are better suited to the local climate. He acknowledged that it will be a challenging undertaking, but said that it's essential for the long-term sustainability of the course and the surrounding area. "We're not under any illusions that this will be an easy task," Jongwe said. "It will take time, resources, and careful planning to get it right. But we're committed to doing what's necessary to ensure that the course is sustainable and that we're doing our part for the environment." The Royal Harare Golf Club has a rich history, having been founded in 1898. The course has hosted numerous tournaments over the years, and has welcomed some of the world's most famous golfers, including the Queen's grandfather, King George V, who played at the course on a visit to Zimbabwe in 1947. Despite its storied past, the golf club has faced serious challenges in recent years, including water scarcity caused by the 'alien' trees. The club has had to implement strict water conservation measures, including reducing the number of days that the course is open to the public. The replanting of indigenous trees is part of a wider effort to address the issue of water scarcity in the area. The club is also investing in water harvesting techniques, such as the construction of dams and the implementation of drip irrigation systems on the course. "We're taking a multi-pronged approach to this issue," Jongwe said. "Replanting indigenous trees is just one part of the solution. We're also looking at other ways to conserve water and to ensure that we're not putting too much pressure on the local environment." The club's efforts have garnered praise from local environmental groups, who see it as a positive step towards sustainable development. "We welcome the Royal Harare Golf Club's efforts to address the issue of water scarcity in the area," said Fadzai Mahere, a spokesperson for the Zimbabwe Environmental Law Association. "It's important that we all do our part to protect the environment, and the replanting of indigenous trees is a great example of that." While the replanting process will take time, the Royal Harare Golf Club is optimistic about the future. The club sees the effort as a way to ensure that it continues to be a world-class destination for golfers, while also being a responsible steward of the environment. "We're excited about the future," Jongwe said. "It's a long road ahead, but we're committed to doing what's necessary to ensure that the Royal Harare Golf Club continues to be a place of excellence for generations to come."