article: JOHANNESBURG, South Africa (CNN) -- Reggae legend Lucky Dube, one of South Africa's most famous musicians, was killed in an attempted car-jacking as he dropped his children off at a relative's house, his record label said Friday. Reggae star Lucky Dube was much loved by his fellow South Africans. Dube, 43, was killed in Johannesburg around 8 p.m. local time Thursday after someone tried to steal his car, Gallo Record Company said in a statement. Police said he was shot. The statement said Dube attempted to escape but died almost instantly from his wounds. Dube was much loved by his fellow South Africans, and his death cast a shadow over festivities ahead of South Africa's highly-anticipated appearance in the rugby World Cup final with England this weekend. News of his death was the headline in many Friday newspapers, knocking the World Cup off the front pages for the first time in days. Callers to talk radio stations suggested the Springboks wear black armbands in remembrance of Dube when they take to the field Saturday in Paris. Gallo Records called the death "senseless and random," and it was not clear whether Dube's attackers knew who he was. South Africa is one of the most dangerous societies in the world. Figures from the South African Police Service show that from April 2006 to March 2007, more than 19,000 South Africans were murdered, more than 52,600 people were raped, and nearly 13,600 people were carjacked. "It's very sad," said Mark Sutherland, London bureau chief for Billboard Magazine. "He's a big loss to the South African music business. (He was) one of their most successful artists and certainly one of their leading reggae artists." Sutherland said Dube was an extremely respected musician who toured extensively around the world. Dube had just returned from a tour of the United States that stretched from California to New York. His record company said Dube leaves "a great void" in the music industry after a 25-year career. Dube recorded 22 albums in Zulu, English and Afrikaans. Born outside Johannesburg in 1964, Dube was named "Lucky" by his mother because he was the first child to be born after several failed pregnancies. Dube started singing in 1982, joining a band playing Mbaqanga, or traditional Zulu music. It was only later that he began recording reggae tracks as a solo singer, but the genre was to dominate and define the remainder of his career. Ivor Haarburger, the chief exectutive of Gallo Music Group, said he was deeply saddened by the loss. "Lucky was not just an extraordinary artist, he was a personal friend," Haarburger said. "It's so sad to lose such a great friend and so tragically." Dube is survived by his wife, Zanele, and his seven children: Bongi, Nonkululeko, Thokozani, Laura, Siyanda, Philani and three-month old Melokuhle. E-mail to a friend . CNN correspondent Robin Curnow contributed to this report.
highlights: South African reggae legend Lucky Dube killed in attempted hijacking . Dube, 43, killed Thursday in Johannesburg after hijacker tried to steal his car . Death casts shadow over South Africa's preparations for rugby World Cup final .
id: 7409e5092e7132e07e8ddaef9328e009c029dc28
chatgpt: South African reggae legend Lucky Dube was killed on Thursday night in Johannesburg during an attempted hijacking of his car. The incident has shocked many fans around the world, and the death of the 43-year-old musician comes as a blow to South Africa's music industry and cultural heritage.  Dube was a popular figure in the international reggae scene, having been active in the music industry since the late 1970s. He was known for his socially conscious lyrics, which often addressed issues of poverty, racism, and inequality. His music brought together people from different backgrounds, and he was a unifying figure in South Africa's post-apartheid society. The hijacking took place in the Rosettenville neighborhood of Johannesburg, where Dube was dropping off his children at a family member's home. According to eyewitnesses, he was approached by several armed men who demanded his car. Dube reportedly resisted, and was shot several times during the ensuing struggle. The news of Dube's death has sent shockwaves throughout South Africa and the rest of the world. Many people have taken to social media to express their condolences and pay tribute to the musician. The death of this beloved figure has cast a shadow over South Africa's preparations for the rugby World Cup final, which is set to take place this weekend.  Many South Africans had hoped that the World Cup final would be a moment of national unity, celebrating the country's diversity and progress since the end of apartheid. However, Dube's death has reminded many people of the persistent violence and inequality that still plague the country. In response to the tragedy, many South African musicians and cultural leaders have called for action to address the root causes of violence in the country. They argue that the widespread poverty, inequality, and social fragmentation that persists in South Africa is the root cause of much of the crime and violence.  The death of Lucky Dube is a tragic reminder of the work that still needs to be done to create a more just and equitable society. While his music brought joy and inspiration to many people around the world, his untimely death is a stark reminder of the challenges that South Africa still faces in moving towards a brighter future.  In conclusion, the death of Lucky Dube is a great loss to South Africa's music industry and cultural heritage. His music touched the lives of many people around the world, and his legacy will be remembered for years to come. His untimely death is a tragic reminder of the challenges that still face South Africa as it strives towards a more just and equitable society.