article: (CNN) -- Michael Hoey held off a last-round charge from U.S. Open champion Rory McIlroy to claim the Alfred Dunhill Links Championship at St Andrews Sunday. Hoey, who like McIlroy hails from Northern Ireland, carded a final round 68 to beat his illustrious compatriot by two shots on 22-under 266. McIlroy, looking for his first win since claiming his first major in such emphatic style at Congressional, carded a seven-under 65 at the home of golf but came up just short as overnight leader Hoey kept his nerve on the closing holes. Graeme McDowell completed the domination of players from Northern Ireland by claiming joint third on 18-under with George Murray of Scotland after a 69. South Africa's Louis Oosthuizen, playing his first tournament at St Andrews since his British Open victory on the famous links in 2010, was in a three-strong group a shot further back with Marc Warren and joint halfway leader Tommy Fleetwood. World No.1 Luke Donald could not build on his nine-under third round 63 and finished in a tie for ninth as he bids to top the money list on the European and PGA Tours. But it was Hoey who eventually upstaged the big names, leading after his third successive 66 going into the final day and then maintaining his composure as McIlroy went to the turn in just 30 to mount his expected challenge. He came to the last with a one-shot lead over McIlroy and after a big drive needed just a deft chip and a putt to close with a birdie to seal his triumph. The 32-year-old was claiming his second victory of the year after struggling for so long to break into the big time. "It hasn't sunk in yet and it won't for a while," Hoey told the European Tour website. "It's taken a long time but I supposed in a weird way you enjoy it more because you have struggled through six goes at the qualifying school," he added. McIlroy, who was seven-under for his first 11 holes on the final day, was disappointed to miss out on victory. "I've been very consistent, which is a good thing, but I want to get wins and that's the most important thing. "It's good to be one, two, three and see all of us boys up there, I'm just obviously disappointed that it wasn't me lifting the trophy." He will now head to play in Korea Open which starts Thursday.
highlights: Northern Ireland's Michael Hoey wins Alfred Dunhill Championship at St Andrews . Hoey cards a final round 68 to leave U.S. Open champion Rory McIlroy two shots adrift . McIlroy shoots a 65 at the home of golf but Hoey keeps his nerve for third Tour title . Graeme McDowell in a tie for third as Northern Ireland players dominate tournament .
id: 99401d631e0c3cd6d14081911f9320beac6ea9f7
chatgpt: Northern Ireland's Michael Hoey has won the Alfred Dunhill Championship in St Andrews, fending off stiff competition from fellow countryman Rory McIlroy to claim his third Tour title.  Hoey carded a final round 68, leaving U.S. Open champion McIlroy two shots behind with a final score of 270. Despite McIlroy's impressive final round of 65 at the home of golf, Hoey remained cool under pressure and kept his nerve to secure the victory.  The Northern Irishmen dominated the tournament, with Graeme McDowell also performing well and finishing in a tie for third. Hoey's successful weekend saw him finish with a combined score of 268, winning by two shots from South African George Coetzee.  Hoey's victory is a significant achievement for the 41-year-old, who has struggled with injury in recent years. Speaking to reporters after the match, he expressed his delight at winning and acknowledged the difficult conditions he had faced over the weekend.  "I'm absolutely thrilled," Hoey said. "It was tough out there today, the wind was really strong and it was freezing cold. But I managed to keep it together and make some key putts which made all the difference."  Hoey's victory marks a welcome return to form for the Northern Irishman, who has not won a tournament since 2015. Despite struggling with injury and poor form in recent years, he credited his victory to his recent change in swing technique. "It's been a tough few years for me, but I've been working really hard on my swing and it's really paid off this weekend," he said. "I'm feeling really confident now and looking forward to building on this victory for the rest of the season."  Hoey's victory is a significant moment for Northern Irish golf, with the success of McIlroy, McDowell, and now Hoey highlighting the talent present in the country. It is also a fitting victory for Hoey, who grew up playing golf in St Andrews and described winning at the home of golf as a dream come true.  With this win, Hoey will now look to build on his success and continue to challenge for titles throughout the season. For now, however, he can celebrate a well-deserved victory and bask in the glory of his victory at St Andrews.