article: (CNN) -- A judge ruled Monday that three HIV-positive women in Namibia were sterilized without their informed consent, their lawyer said. But the high court judge said the women did not provide enough evidence to prove that they were sterilized because they were HIV-positive, according to attorney Amon Ngavetene. The judge has not yet decided on awarding damages in the case, said Ngavetene, coordinator of the AIDS Law Unit at the Legal Assistance Centre. The women were seeking 1.2 million Namibian dollars (about $150,000) in compensation. The center is representing 18 women, alleging that public hospitals sterilized them without their informed consent. Namibian authorities have denied accusations that forced sterilizations have been a matter of government policy. Emilia Handumbo, one of the HIV-positive women suing the government, told CNN last year that she was given documents to sign while she was in labor and about to give birth in a public hospital. Watch: Forced sterilization in Africa . "I thought they were papers for the caesarian, but then the nurse said to me, 'I think they are going to close you,'" she said. Thanks to anti-AIDS drugs, Handumbo gave birth to a healthy, HIV-negative baby. But then the letters "BTL" appeared in her hospital file. The letters, she later learned, stood for bilateral tubal ligation, a form of sterilization. Attorney Corinna van Wyk said Handumbo is one of many women who are victims of a broken health system. "Doctors are taking advantage of them," van Wyk said. 'The damage is permanent, obviously, not only physically. These women are discriminated against culturally because they can no longer bear children," she said. Human rights groups say that the high profile nature of Monday's case has done little to change the conduct of some health care workers in Namibia, alleging that more HIV-positive women who claim they were forcibly sterilized are still coming forward. A study from the International Community of Women Living with HIV/AIDS and the Namibia Women's Health Network unearthed 40 cases in three of the country's regions. AIDS activist Jenny Gatsi-Mallet, who helped conduct the research, said doctors working for the state have told her they were just following guidelines. "They are saying that these guidelines came into being when AIDS first came into the country, and I think that was in 2001, and it was a directive that says any woman who tests positive for HIV should be sterilized straight away," Gatsi-Mallet said. But Dr. Norbert Forster, deputy permanent secretary of Namibia's health ministry, told CNN last year that the sterilization of HIV-positive women was "not at all" an official policy. "That is not our position," he said, adding that forcing women to sign consent documents "would not be in line" with the government's policy. Peruvian authorities reopen investigation into forced sterilization . U.S. hearing explores history of forced sterilization .
highlights: The ruling is the first in a series of cases filed against the Namibian government . Attorneys allege that public hospitals sterilized at least 18 HIV-positive women . "The nurse said to me, 'I think they are going to close you,'" one woman says . Authorities deny accusations that sterilizations are a government policy .
id: bdd703d65a14d5abaf9faa0049e3182efcfa50c7
chatgpt: In a landmark ruling, a Namibian court has ordered the government to pay compensation to three women who were sterilized without their consent while they were in public hospitals. The ruling is the first in a series of cases filed against the Namibian government, which has been accused of forcibly sterilizing at least 18 HIV-positive women in public hospitals. The women, who were all HIV-positive, filed the lawsuit alleging that they were sterilized without their informed consent while they were in public hospitals. One of the women, who wished to remain anonymous, stated that a nurse said to her, "I think they are going to close you," before she was sterilized. The Namibian government has denied that sterilizations are a government policy and that they are being performed without consent. However, human rights activists have accused the government of forcibly sterilizing HIV-positive women as part of a broader attempt to stem the spread of the virus. Advocacy groups have praised the court's decision, calling it a step forward in the fight against sterilization without informed consent. In a statement, the Southern Africa Litigation Centre, which represented the women, said, "We hope this ruling will send a strong message that the rights of women living with HIV must be respected and protected." The compensation awarded by the court to the three women is a welcome victory, but it is only a small step towards justice for the other women who have suffered the same fate. The government must ensure that all women who have been forcibly sterilized are compensated and that steps are taken to prevent this from happening in the future. One of the biggest challenges facing Namibia is the stigma associated with HIV. Stigma and discrimination against HIV-positive people make it difficult for them to access healthcare and other services. By forcibly sterilizing women, the government is perpetuating this stigma and breaching the rights of HIV-positive women. The court's ruling is a reminder that the government must take action to protect the rights of all its citizens, regardless of their HIV status. The government must ensure that healthcare providers are properly trained in informed consent and that women are given all the information they need to make informed decisions about their health and their bodies. The Namibian government must take this issue seriously and take meaningful steps to address it. By doing so, they will be sending a clear message that the rights and dignity of all citizens, including those living with HIV, will be respected and protected.