article: New Zealand head coach Steve Hansen regards Stuart Lancaster's England as the most improved team in Test rugby and refuses to view their series opener as a foregone conclusion. Preparations for the first Test at Eden Park have been undermined by a debilitating injury list and the absence of players from Aviva Premiership finalists Northampton and Saracens. It has weakened England for the toughest assignment in the game, but the All Blacks, who on Sunday named a 31-man squad for the series, are ready to face a growing force in the international arena. Respect: Speaking to the media New Zealand coach Steve Hansen (centre) said his team respects England . Missing: The Aviva Premiership Final meant a lot of players have been missing from the England squad . 'England have been the most improved side in world rugby in the last two years,' Hansen said. 'Stuart Lancaster has built depth in his side and a strong culture, so they will be a formidable opponent and one we are very excited about playing. 'Those who think England will be fielding a weak side in the first Test are completely underestimating the quality of depth in the England squad. 'Make no mistake, England have a very strong desire and belief that they can win this series. Having said that, so do the All Blacks. Hansen (right) said that it would be unwise to underestimate England . Strong: Hansen called Stuart Lancaster's side as the most improved in the world . 'This series gives both teams a great opportunity to put a stake in the ground, not only this year, but also for the 2015 World Cup. 'This will add to the pressure on both sides in the upcoming series.' World Cup-winning captain Richie McCaw leads a squad missing fly-half Dan Carter, who is been on a sabbatical from the sport. Centre Malakai Fekitoa and lock Patrick Tuipulotu are newcomers to the All Blacks, while veteran back rows Jerome Kaino and Victor Vito return to the fold after spells away. Skipper: Richie McCaw will captain the All Blacks in the absence of Dan Carter . Newcomer: Centre Malakai Fekitoa is a new addition to the New Zealand squad . Forwards: D . Coles (Hurricanes), K Mealamu (Blues), W Crockett (Crusaders), C . Faumuina (Blues), B Franks (Hurricanes), O Franks (Crusaders), T . Woodcock (Blues), D Bird (Crusaders), B Retallick (Chiefs), P Tuipulotu . (Blues), S Whitelock (Crusaders), S Cane (Chiefs), J Kaino (Blues), R . McCaw (Crusaders, capt), L Messam (Chiefs), K Read (Crusaders), V Vito . (Hurricanes). Backs: T Kerr-Barlow (Chiefs), TJ Perenara (Hurricanes), A Smith (Highlanders), B Barrett (Hurricanes), . A Cruden (Chiefs), C Slade (Crusaders), R Crotty (Crusaders), M Fekitoa . (Highlanders), M Nonu (Blues), C Smith (Hurricanes), I Dagg (Crusaders), C Jane (Hurricanes), J Savea (Hurricanes), B Smith (Highlanders).
highlights: All Blacks coach hailed Lancaster's work with England . England squad has been weakened by Premiership final withdrawals . Richie McCaw captains the side in the absence of Dan Carter .
id: ef354b80506402a63b939197b9e990eb9dd70480
chatgpt: Former England coach Stuart Lancaster received praise from All Blacks coach Steve Hansen this week for the work he did with the England squad during his tenure. Hansen, speaking ahead of the upcoming test match between England and New Zealand, acknowledged Lancaster’s contribution to the team, noting that Lancaster was able to instill a sense of collective responsibility among the squad that helped them develop strong team play. However, while England may have benefited from Lancaster’s work over the years, the country’s squad for the upcoming test match against the All Blacks has been weakened by Premiership final withdrawals. A total of six players from the Premiership finalist clubs, Wasps and Exeter, have been ruled out of the squad, leaving coach Eddie Jones with a weakened team to face the defending World Cup champions. England may be without some of their star players, but the All Blacks will also be missing a key member of their squad when they take on England this weekend. Dan Carter, the world-renowned fly-half, will be sitting out the game due to injury, leaving captain Richie McCaw to lead the side in his absence. Despite Carter’s absence, the team will still be formidable opponents for England, with the squad boasting some of the best players in the world such as Julian Savea and Jerome Kaino. England will need to be at their best if they hope to compete with the All Blacks, whose recent form has them ranked as the number one side in the world. England’s weakened squad will no doubt come as a disappointment to fans of the team, who were hoping to see the country’s best players in action against the All Blacks. However, the withdrawals also present an opportunity for lesser-known players to step up and prove their worth on the international stage. The pressure will be on England’s less experienced players to fill the gaps left by those who are unable to play. This will be a challenge for the squad, which will need to play as a cohesive unit in order to defeat the All Blacks. The team will no doubt be looking to create a strong team spirit similar to that instilled by Lancaster during his time as coach. As for the All Blacks, they will no doubt be feeling confident heading into the game, despite the absence of Carter. The team is used to dealing with injuries and withdrawals, and their experience playing on the international stage has given them the skills necessary to adapt and succeed in various situations. The upcoming test match between England and New Zealand is sure to be an exciting event for rugby fans, with both teams looking to prove their worth. While England may be dealing with a weakened squad, the team will undoubtedly give it their all on the field as they seek to overcome one of the greatest challenges in international rugby.