article: By . Louise Cheer . Two front teeth will be on West Coast Eagles midfielder Elliot Yeo's wishlist this Christmas. The 20-year-old's pearly whites were snapped off after a brutal blow during Saturday's clash against Collingwood at the Melbourne Cricket Ground. The moment where Yeo's two teeth are seen flying from his mouth in opposite directions was captured on camera. The loss of the teeth happened when West Coast midfield Elliot Yeo had a run in with Collingwood ruckman Jarrod Witts . The moment where Yeo's two front teeth go flying in opposite directions . Yeo came off second best after his mouth came in contact with Collingwood ruckman Jarrod Witts' shoulder. The midfielder and ruckman collided after Yeo failed to take an easy mark, the ball slipping through his grasp, right before the half-time siren. In the video, the midfielder falls to the ground and looks to be assessing the damage done to his mouth. It was reported by afl.com.au that trainers were unable to find the teeth. The former Brisbane Lions players falls to the ground after the brutal hit . The midfielder continued playing for the rest of the game and tweeted after it: 'All I want for Christmas is two front teeth...' Despite the blow, Yeo shook off the injury and soldiered on, earning the respect of his coach. 'It was a big knock … he should have taken the mark,' Eagles coach Adam Simpson told afl.com.au. 'He kept on going, I don’t know if he was in a hell of a lot of pain or not, but he didn’t seem to take a backward step after it.' Yeo appears to inspecting the damage done to his mouth, touching the roots that were left intact . Unfazed by the incident, Yeo was in good humour after the game and fired off this cheeky tweet . Yeo played the second half and ended the match with 19 disposals and a goal in the Eagles' eventual eight-point loss to the Magpies. After the game, Yeo tweeted a cheeky reference to the knock: 'All I want for Christmas is my two front teeth...'. The roots of his teeth remained in his mouth and will be capped this week.
highlights: The West Coast midfielder clashed with Collingwood ruckman Jarrod Witts . Yeo's teeth are seen flying from his mouth in opposite directions . Trainers failed to find the player's teeth during the half-time break . The roots remained in his mouth and will be capped this week .
id: 2bf4a663fbd2b2282c26b3eba5ffa219339e6089
chatgpt: In a shocking incident from last night's West Coast Eagles' match against the Collingwood Magpies, the Eagles' midfielder Elliot Yeo suffered a traumatic dental injury after colliding with Magpies' ruckman, Jarrod Witts. The incident occurred in the first quarter of the game when Yeo and Witts collided heavily in the midfield contest. Yeo's teeth were seen flying in opposite directions from his mouth, leaving him in a state of shock and distress. The game was halted momentarily as Yeo was being tended to by West Coast trainers. To the horror of everyone in the stadium, the trainers were unable to locate the player's teeth on the ground. Despite an extensive search, there was no trace of the teeth, and it was feared that they may have been swallowed by Yeo or gone unnoticed in the grass.  At half-time, Yeo was taken to the dressing room, and it was revealed that the roots of his teeth had remained in his mouth. The Eagles' medical team confirmed that they would be capped later this week, and Yeo will have to miss some training sessions to recover from the injury. Collingwood Ruckman, Witts expressed his remorse over the incident, saying, "It's never nice seeing someone go down like that, and I hope Yeo has a speedy recovery. It was just an unfortunate accident during the game, and I feel terrible about it." Despite the setback, Yeo's teammates rallied around him and put in a valiant effort to secure a 22-point victory over the Magpies. The Eagles will be hoping that Yeo makes a quick return to the field as they aim to win another Premiership this season. This incident highlights the dangers that can occur during high-intensity sports like football. Players need to be aware of the risks involved and take precautions to avoid avoidable injuries. The AFL medical team has stringent measures in place to ensure the players' health and safety, but accidents like this can still happen. Overall, the Eagles' midfielder Elliot Yeo suffered a painful dental injury during the match against the Magpies. Trainers were unable to find his teeth during the half-time break, but the roots were found in his mouth and will be capped later this week. We wish him a speedy recovery and hope to see him back on the field soon.