article: By . Paul Milligan . PUBLISHED: . 12:05 EST, 8 December 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 12:06 EST, 8 December 2012 . Ready for another crazy online trend? Students from Durham University have filmed themselves pouring bottles of Port over their heads, in a video called Porting. Porting is an answer to the Milking video from students from rival Newcastle University which has seen more than 500,000 people watch the video in the last two weeks. A spokesperson for Porting Durham said: 'It’s all about oneupmanship. We started out trying to get one better than our student cousins at Newcastle but, due to our lactose intolerance we were unable to do it with milk. SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO . Students at Durham University has created their own version of Milking, called Porting, which involves pouring a bottle of the Port over your head . The students wear smart white dress shirts whilst endulging in the bizarre trend . We commend Newcastle in their valiant effort and inspiring us to go one further,' the spokesperson told The Tab, the student newspaper for Durham University. Porting sees the Durham students don white dress shirts and smart trousers, and then pour bottle after bottle of the fortified wine over their heads. 'We were approached by a high street washing powder brand, and it all fell into place. What better thing to do than pour fortified wine over crisp white shirts?' added the Porting spokesperson. According to the video’s creator, the video carries a strong message to the government: 'This is a protest against the hike of alcohol prices to a minimum of 45 pence per unit.' 19 bottles of the expensive fortified wine are poured away in the video. Even the famous cathedral isn't safe from the Porting trend . One imaginative (and brave) student even takes part whilst on the move in the city . Students at rival Newcastle University started the bizarre trend, with the Milking video. Where student after student filmed themselves pouring pints of milk over their heads .
highlights: The video was created by students at Durham University . It is in answer to Newcastle University's Milking video, which has now been viewed by more than 500,000 people .
id: b145be1ae9bd81bcfa227128f46a9b71ec48867e
chatgpt: Durham University students have created a video in response to Newcastle University's viral "Milking" video. The Newcastle video, which featured students pouring milk over their heads in various public locations, has now been viewed by more than 500,000 people. The Durham video features a group of students who decided to produce their own version of the trend. However, rather than just pouring milk over their heads, the Durham students decided to add their own twist to the challenge. In the video, they can be seen pouring various liquids - including beer, juice and even shampoo - over themselves. The video was created as a light-hearted response to the Newcastle video, which has been both praised and criticised for its portrayal of students. The Durham students felt that the original video did not accurately represent student life, and so they wanted to create something that was a bit more relatable. The Durham video has already started to gain traction on social media, with many people praising it for its humour and creativity. It has also generated a lot of interest among students at Durham University, who have been quick to share it with their friends. In a statement, one of the Durham students involved in the project said: "We wanted to create a response that was both funny and relatable. We know that student life isn't just about pouring milk over your head - there's so much more to it than that. We hope that our video helps to show that." The video has also sparked a debate online about the wider issue of student behaviour. While some have praised the videos for showing a fun and playful side to student life, others have criticised them for promoting a culture of binge drinking and reckless behaviour. Despite the controversy, it seems that these videos are here to stay. As more and more students from universities around the world get involved in the trend, it is clear that the videos are quickly becoming a part of student culture. Whether they are viewed as harmless fun or a worrying sign of the times, they are certainly generating a lot of attention - and it remains to be seen what the next big student challenge will be.