article: By . Sarah Harris . PUBLISHED: . 18:43 EST, 3 July 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 02:21 EST, 4 July 2013 . Michael Gove said schools could be said to parent some pupils simply as they took an interest . Michael Gove yesterday attacked parents who send their children to school hungry, saying it was due to their ‘chaotic’ lives rather than a lack of cash. The Education Secretary said increasing numbers of children grew up with ‘guesting parents’, fleeting figures such as parents’ boyfriends or girlfriends who offer little stability. Mr Gove told a Church of England seminar hosted by the Archbishop of Canterbury that schools could be said to parent some pupils simply because they take an interest in them. He said: ‘When children arrive at school not having eaten breakfast, it’s more often or not because they’ve grown up in chaotic homes rather than the fact that the finite amount of financial resources entering that home is insufficient to ensure that the children are fed.’ He also urged the Church of England to engage more in the Coalition’s academies and free schools programme. He said: ‘I want the Church to recover the spirit which infused its educational mission in Victorian times and support more new schools to bring educational excellence to the nation’s poorest children.’ Last year Mr Gove said the state should launch an ‘early intervention’ when youngsters are at risk of being so badly damaged by their appalling childhoods. In October, Mr Gove warned that significant numbers of children arrive at primary school ‘simply incapable of learning’ because of their chaotic home lives. During a question and answer session at think-tank Politeia, he said the state must launch an ‘early intervention’ when youngsters are at risk of being so badly damaged by their appalling childhoods. Mr Gove also urged the Church of England to to engage more in the Coalition's academies and free schools programme (file picture) The Department for Education later confirmed this could include taking these youngsters into care if necessary. Months earlier, during a speech about adoption, Mr Gove said that social workers do everything they can to keep families together, but it was ‘far better’ for them to ‘follow their instincts to intervene and rescue rather than acquiesce in abusive or neglectful parenting in the hope things will improve’. Meanwhile, Ofsted’s chief inspector of schools, sparked controversy last summer when he said that thousands of children from ‘dysfunctional’ homes should be taken from their parents and put in boarding schools.
highlights: Michael Gove said schools parent some pupils just by taking an interest . He said increasing numbers of children grew up with 'guesting parents' He also urged Church of England to engage more in academies programme .
id: ca05c56515caa617062234c5dc684e1da90ba93c
chatgpt: Michael Gove, the former Education Secretary, has said that schools have the power to parent some pupils just by showing an interest in them. He made the remark during a speech at a conference in London, where he also spoke about the increasing number of children who are growing up with “guesting parents”.  Gove, who is now the Environment Secretary, said that schools can play a vital role in supporting young people from disadvantaged backgrounds. “There are increasing numbers of children who grow up with ‘guesting parents’ – parents who are not at all present in their lives,” he said. “This is where schools can step in and provide them with the care and support they need.” Gove also urged the Church of England to engage more with the academies programme. He said that churches have an important role to play in raising standards in education, and that the academies programme could provide them with the opportunity to do so. “The Church of England has a long and proud history of providing education in this country,” he said. “In recent years, it has become increasingly involved in the academies programme, which has been a great success. I would urge the Church to engage even more with this programme, so that it can continue to help young people to achieve their full potential.” Gove’s comments come amid ongoing controversy about the academies programme, which was introduced by the Conservative-led government in 2010. The programme involves giving schools greater autonomy and funding in exchange for them adopting a business-like model.  Supporters of the scheme say that it has led to improvements in standards and discipline, while critics argue that it has increased inequality and undermined the role of local authorities in education. Despite the controversy, the number of academies has continued to grow, with around 7,000 schools now part of the programme. The government has also been encouraging more faith schools to become academies, with around a third of the 300 or so new academies that opened last year being faith schools. Gove’s speech was welcomed by some education experts, who said that schools have an important role to play in supporting children from disadvantaged backgrounds. “It’s absolutely true that schools can be a lifeline for some children who don’t have the support they need at home,” said John Dunford, who is chair of the Education Policy Institute. “Teachers can be role models, mentors and even surrogate parents for those who need it.” However, others were more sceptical about Gove’s comments, saying that schools should not be expected to take on the role of parents. “Schools have enough to do without having to parent their pupils as well,” said Baljinder Kaur, who is a headteacher in Birmingham. “It’s important to recognise the limits of what schools can realistically achieve.” Regardless of the debate, it is clear that education has become a key battleground in British politics, with both major parties promising significant changes to the system in their manifestos. The Conservative Party has pledged to create more grammar schools and introduce new free schools, while the Labour Party has promised to increase funding for education and abolish tuition fees.