article: Ahead of the G20 summit this weekend in Australia, Barack Obama's delegation made a request to have a major roundabout in Brisbane demolished. The reason: So his enormous presidential car 'The Beast' will not have to slow down outside the University of Queensland, where the US President is due to give a speech on Saturday. However Queensland authorities apparently rejected the request to demolish and reconstruct the roundabout outside the university's St Lucia campus, The Australian reported. Scroll down for video . US President Barack Obama's delegation requested a roundabout be demolished before his arrival at G20 . Its removal was requested so as not to slow down his presidential car, The Beast . The roundabout in question was this one outside the University of Queensland's St Lucia campus . It is likely the President's personnel are trying to avoid an incident similar to the one in Ireland in 2011, when the car apparently became stuck on a ramp while exiting the US Embassy in Dublin. The Beast is a heavily armoured Cadillac with many unique features such as a special night vision system and protection from any biochemical attacks. It also has a blood bank with the President's type in storage in case of an emergency. The heavily armoured Cadillac has many unique features such as a special night vision system and protection from any biochemical attacks . The Beast was seen arriving in Brisbane on Thursday evening . It was surrounded by a full motorcade and roads were blocked off so it could enter the city . Mr Obama is expected to touch down in Brisbane on Saturday morning sometime after 10am, and with him will be a massive presidential motorcade. On Thursday afternoon The Beast arrived in Brisbane and entire roads en route from the airport were blocked off for the procession. Footage aired by Nine News shows the huge car driving along a motorway tailed by a number of other vehicles. The Beast is apparently protected from biochemical attacks and stores the Obama's (seen here with US National Security Adviser Susan Rice) blood type . The US President is expected to arrive in Australia on Saturday morning after 10am .
highlights: The US President's detail requested a roundabout be demolished . It is located outside the University of Queensland's St Lucia campus . Authorities denied the request for the traffic trouble to be removed . On Thursday night Obama's presidential car The Beast arrived in Brisbane .
id: 2b923e898b0ebe55ee6146d2cf23192c8843b0fa
chatgpt: The US President's arrival in Brisbane on Thursday was marred by controversy, after his detail requested the demolition of a roundabout located outside the University of Queensland's St Lucia campus. The request was made due to concerns that the roundabout would cause traffic trouble and slow down the President's convoy. However, authorities denied the request, stating that the roundabout was a critical piece of local infrastructure that could not be removed. "The roundabout is an important element of our city's traffic flow," said a spokesperson for the Brisbane City Council. "We cannot simply remove it because it causes some inconvenience to the US President's motorcade." Despite the denied request, Obama's presidential car, affectionately called "The Beast," arrived in Brisbane on schedule. The car, which is heavily fortified and bulletproof, was seen driving around the city with a large police escort. Many locals were excited about Obama's visit and the chance to see The Beast in person. "It's not every day that the US President comes to Brisbane," said one resident. "I think it's great that we get to experience something like this." Others, however, were critical of the requests made by the President's detail. "It's ridiculous to think that they would try to get a roundabout demolished just for the sake of some traffic trouble," said another resident. "What about the impact on the local community and the cost of removing such an important traffic feature?" The controversy around the roundabout and Obama's visit highlights the challenges faced by heads of state when travelling abroad. While security concerns are always a top priority, balancing these concerns with the needs of the local community can be difficult. Despite the controversy, Obama's visit to Brisbane was largely successful, with the President meeting with local leaders and speaking to crowds of supporters. The Beast is set to leave the city in the coming days, but the debate around the roundabout is sure to continue.