article: Tyson Fury believes his long absence from the ring will serve him well when he finally gets to face Dereck Chisora at London's ExCeL Arena on November 29. Fury has fought just four low-key rounds in the last 18 months after seeing prospective bouts against both Chisora and David Haye scrapped or postponed due to late-notice injuries to his opponents. But, far from fearing another disappointment as he enters the final build-up to their British and European heavyweight title showdown, Fury is intent on seeking out positives. Tyson Fury goes through a tough work-out in front of the media at his Team Fury gym in Bolton on Thursday . Fury is back in training ahead of his bout with Dereck Chisora at London's ExCeL Arena on November 29 . Fury gets through some work with the skipping rope as the assembled media watch on . Fury says he has returned to camp five pounds under his  normal fighting weight . Fury told Press Association Sport: 'I have had a lot of back-to-back camps recently and it meant I came into this camp with no weight to lose. 'I usually start off two or three stones over the limit and am killing myself to get the weight off, but for this camp I was actually five pounds under my normal fighting weight. 'This camp has been different and we will see on the night if it pays off but I'm looking forward to getting in there and getting the win that will move me towards some world title fights.' Dereck Chisora is gearing up for his eagerly-anticipated bout with Fury at London's ExCeL Arena in November . Fury shrugged off suggestions his previous crushing disappointments could have any negative impact on his career as he looks to close in on the likes of Wladimir Klitschko. 'I'm always focused when it comes to fighting because it is what keeps me alive - it is something I was born to do. 'There is no question of not being focused, whatever happens. If I wasn't training and boxing and going forward to a fight, I don't know what kind of state I'd be in. Chisora (left) was set to fight Fury (right) in July but broke his hand in his final sparring session before the bout . 'I'd probably be a crazy person in the streets. I certainly wouldn't be someone I'd want to bump into. You have to be a crazy person to fight me when I'm in this sort of mood and Dereck Chisora is definitely a crazy one.'
highlights: Tyson Fury will face Dereck Chisora at London's ExCeL Arena on November 29 . Fury has fought just four low-key rounds in the last 18 months . Bouts with both Chisora and David Haye were scrapped or postponed due to late-notice injuries to both opponents .
id: c87507081155837f60988a6e63e479b7005db18d
chatgpt: In what promises to be a hotly-contested bout, Tyson Fury will face off against Dereck Chisora at London's ExCeL Arena on November 29. This highly anticipated matchup has been brewing for over a year since their last encounter in July 2014, which Fury won in a unanimous decision. Fury, known for his adept defensive footwork, has fought just four low-key rounds in the last 18 months. A gap that was filled with physical and mental struggles, causing him to take a break from boxing. However, the Manchester born fighter has expressed his eagerness to get back in the ring. This fight is set to be Fury's first since his career-defining triumph over former heavyweight champion, Wladimir Klitschko in 2015. Fury's victory over Klitschko handed him the WBA, IBF, and WBO titles, which he then lost in 2016 when he was unable to defend his belts due to depression and a much publicized drug scandal. Fury, who now claims to be in the best shape of his life, will be looking to make a statement against Chisora. However, he is no stranger to last-minute setbacks. Bouts with both Chisora and David Haye were scrapped or postponed due to late-notice injuries to both opponents, leaving Fury frustrated and eager to prove that he is the best in the world. Chisora, on the other hand, is known for his heavy hands and relentless aggression. The Zimbabwe-born fighter has fought in some of the most electrifying bouts of recent years, including two memorable bouts against Vitali Klitschko in 2011 and David Haye in 2012. He will be hoping to add Fury's scalp to his impressive record. Despite Fury being the favourite on paper, Chisora will not go down without a fight. His record of 32 wins, 23 knockouts, and nine losses shows that he is a force to be reckoned with. The two fighters have engaged in some trash-talking in the run-up to the fight which has further fuelled the excitement. This highly-anticipated fight will be the first time that boxing fans in the UK have been treated to the sport since the pandemic began. With a socially-distanced audience expected to be in attendance, the fight promises to be an unforgettable night of boxing. Both fighters will have a lot to prove, with Fury looking to show that he is still the world-class fighter he once was, and Chisora looking to prove that he has what it takes to compete at the highest level. With their fighting styles contrasting, and both fighters holding a deep dislike for the other, this clash of the heavyweights is poised to be one of the most exciting fights in recent memory.