article: (CNN) -- As we store more and more of our personal lives on smartphones, mobile security is becoming increasingly crucial. A password offers some protection, but it may not deter a serious hacker. For users of Apple devices, more help might be on the way. According to several reports, the next version of Apple's mobile operating system suggests future iPhones will have biometric scanners that read fingerprints. A user could register his or her prints with the device, then place a thumb on the home button to unlock the phone. Fingerprint verification could also add an extra layer of security when making mobile payments, for example. A biometric sensor has been a rumored feature on the next iPhone for months. But the rumors got a boost when a beta version of iOS 7 was released Monday night to Apple developers. At least one developer found a folder called "BiometricKitUI" containing lines of code that made numerous references to "fingerprint," according to reports by 9to5Mac, Extreme Tech and other blogs. "You can then unlock your phone by putting your thumb on the home button. No longer will friends and family be able to pick up and peruse your phone -- no longer will you have to key in your passcode every time you want to do something," wrote Sebastian Anthony for Extreme Tech. Of course, many blogs trade in feverish rumors about Apple products that later prove unfounded, and there's no proof that such a feature will show up on the next iPhone, expected to be launched this fall. Next Media Animation, the Taiwan-based production company that turns news stories into animated clips, has weighed in on the fingerprint scanner, suggesting it won't appear on iPhones until 2014. Observers expect the as-yet-unnamed phone (iPhone 5S?) to have a faster processor, better battery life and an improved camera, possibly with a slow-motion video function. Apple also has been experimenting with larger screens for the iPhone and iPad.
highlights: Future iPhones and iPads might have biometric scanners that read fingerprints . Fingerprint verification could add an extra layer of security . Clues were found in a beta version of iOS 7 released to Apple developers .
id: c7a25f0169a41c2897712e47a717bf23923a64da
chatgpt: Apple is reportedly testing biometric scanners which will allow future iPhones and iPads to read fingerprints. This new technology could potentially add an extra layer of security to Apple's already highly secure devices.  The technology was discovered by Apple developers who were testing a beta version of iOS 7. The testers reportedly found code in the system which refers to a "Biometric Kit" and mentions a "fingerprint sensor".  Although Apple has not yet made an official announcement about this new feature, there has been a lot of speculation about what it could mean for the future of Apple devices. One possibility is that biometric scanners could be used to further enhance the security of Apple devices.  If biometric scanners are indeed included in future Apple devices, it will mean that users will be able to unlock their phones or tablets with their fingerprints. This will add an extra layer of security to the devices, as fingerprints are unique and cannot easily be replicated.  This news comes in the wake of several high-profile security breaches, including the recent iCloud hack which saw numerous celebrities' private photos leaked online. With biometric scanners, users would no longer have to worry about their data being accessed by unauthorized parties.  While this new technology may sound futuristic, it's not entirely a new concept. In fact, many laptops and other devices already have biometric scanners for security purposes. Apple, however, would be the first major mobile device manufacturer to incorporate this technology into their products.  There is no word yet on when these biometric scanners will be officially announced, but rumors suggest that they could be included in the next range of iPhones and iPads.  Overall, the possibility of biometric scanners is an exciting development for Apple and its users. If implemented correctly, these scanners could make Apple devices even more secure, making them the go-to devices for people who value their privacy and security.