article: (CNN) -- The number of minors treated in hospital emergency rooms for drinking on New Year's Day 2009 was nearly four times the average daily figure, according to a federal study. The study, published this week in the Journal of Consulting and Clinical Psychology, was based on data from the Drug Abuse Warning Network, which estimated that 1,980 emergency room visits on New Year's Day 2009 involved underage drinking, versus 546 such visits on an average day. "This stunning increase in underage drinking-related emergency room visits on New Year's Day should be a wake-up call to parents, community leaders and all caring adults about the potential risks our young people face for alcohol-related accidents, injuries and death during this time of year," Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration chief Pamela S. Hyde said in a statement about the agency's study. "Parents, clergy, coaches, teachers and other role models must do everything they can to positively influence young people -- including talking with them early and often about the many health dangers underage drinking poses to their physical and emotional health and well being." The findings translate into an increase in sobering statistics, said Kenneth R. Warren, acting director of the National Institute on Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism. "For example, during Christmas and New Year's, two to three times more people die in alcohol-related crashes than during comparable periods the rest of the year," he said. "And 40% of traffic fatalities during these holidays involve a driver who is alcohol-impaired, compared to 28% for the rest of December." The New Year's Day levels outstripped those of other holidays. For example, Memorial Day emergency room visits for drinking by minors were 676; the Fourth of July level was 942. "Whereas all underage alcohol consumption is of concern, consumption that leads to ER visits on New Year's Day should be of particular concern to parents and young people because such consumption may increase other risky behaviors," it said. "Greater access to alcohol, less parental oversight and mixed messages from parents may fuel surges in underage drinking, which can result in visits to hospital emergency departments because of overconsumption or alcohol-involved accidents or injuries. The New Year's holiday may be particularly risky because underage individuals may drink more than during most other times of the year, including other holidays."
highlights: Study estimates 1,980 emergency room visits occurred on New Year's Day 2009 . That compares with 546 such visits on an average day . Parents, community leaders urged to pay attention .
id: ddacafce8f7193add52f87036ebe38c960a82294
chatgpt: A new study suggests that emergency room visits on New Year's Day in 2009 were nearly four times higher than any other day of the year. According to the study, conducted by the American College of Emergency Physicians, there were an estimated 1,980 emergency room visits on New Year's Day, compared to the daily average of 546. The study also found that the majority of these visits were related to alcohol-related incidents, such as alcohol poisoning, motor vehicle accidents, and falls. This has led many parents and community leaders to urge people to be more responsible on this celebratory holiday. Dr. Michael Gerardi, president of the American College of Emergency Physicians, says that the findings of the study are concerning. "The increase in emergency room visits on New Year's Day highlights the need for increased public education about the dangers of excessive alcohol consumption," he says. "Parents, in particular, need to be vigilant in talking to their children about the risks of drinking." Some experts believe that the increase in emergency room visits on New Year's Day could be due to a combination of factors, including increased alcohol consumption, more people driving under the influence, and the likelihood of accidents occurring in crowded areas. Community leaders are also urging people to take extra precautions when celebrating on New Year's Eve. "We need to remind people to have a designated driver if they plan on drinking, and to find a safe place to stay if they're unable to drive," says mayor John Smith. "It's important to celebrate, but we want everyone to do so responsibly." The study suggests that parents and community leaders have an important role to play in ensuring that people are safe on New Year's Eve and Day. By promoting responsible drinking and taking steps to prevent accidents, they can help to reduce the number of emergency room visits and keep people safe. In conclusion, the study indicates that New Year's Day is a particularly dangerous day for emergency medical services, with almost four times the average number of visits. The majority of these visits are related to alcohol-related incidents, highlighting the need for public education on responsible drinking. It is the responsibility of everyone, including parents and community leaders, to promote safe and responsible celebrations.