article: When Stewart Watts returned home on leave from the army he decided to buy his 11-month-old daughter Poppy a present. But Mr Watts, who is based with the Yorkshire Regiment, was shocked when he gave his child a toy tool kit to play with and saw her pull out a five-inch knife and place it in her mouth. Gina Barratt, 24, also spotted the blade and managed to quickly grab it from her daughter as she played with the new £11.99 toy at their home in Sheffield. 'We are just relieved she wasn't hurt, but I am disgusted,' said Miss Barratt. 'How could something like a sharp blade get into a children's toy?' Gina Barratt, 24, found a five-inch long knife in a toy tool set her partner had bought for their 11-month-old daughter Poppy for £11.99 from Poundstretcher, which the baby girl then put into her mouth as she played . Mr Watts was on leave from Catterick army base in north Yorkshire last month and bought the tool kit from Poundstretcher. The kit comes in a train-shaped case and has several plastic tools inside including a spanner and a drill. Miss Barratt said: 'My partner opened the tool set, but he didn't see the knife. 'He put the set down for Poppy to play with. 'The kit is in a train set and there are spaces for the tools to fit inside. Poppy took all the tools out and they were on the floor. 'She picked up the knife and that was when Stewart noticed it. She put the shiny bit of the knife in her mouth. It's a knife with a long blade with cardboard wrapped around part of it. 'Luckily Poppy did not get hurt, because Stewart was with her, but she is at the age where you can leave her to play with things. She's always putting things in her mouth, it's what children her age do.' The toy cost £11.99 and had been reduced but Miss Barratt said it was properly sealed when Mr Watts bought it. She said she was concerned there could be more blades in other toys being sold by the company and felt they had not taken her complaint seriously. Poppy (right) was not injured after she put the blade into her mouth but Miss Barratt is worried about the toy . The  five-inch knife was packed in the tool set, which was sealed when it was bought from Poundstretcher . 'I called quite a few times and nobody phoned me back for a few days,' added Miss Barratt. 'I couldn't believe that they didn't react straight away because there could more of these blades about.' Poundstretcher said an investigation had been launched into the 'unfortunate incident' and they believed it was an isolated case. A spokesman for the company said: 'We would like to apologise to Gina and her family. 'Our products are rigorously tested by the manufacturers and we are investigating how this unfortunate incident happened.'
highlights: Stewart Watts bought a toy tool set for his 11-month-old daughter Poppy . As she played with toy Poppy pulled out a knife and put it in her mouth . Gina Barratt grabbed five-inch knife from daughter at their Sheffield home . She is relieved Poppy wasn't hurt but worried other sets could have knife . Poundstretcher, which sells £11.99 toy, to investigate 'unfortunate' incident .
id: f50c9adf2e5a9818c9becd03ad5a20b225c34586
chatgpt: An incident involving a toy tool set at a family's residence in Sheffield has prompted Poundstretcher, the seller of the toy set, to initiate an investigation. Stewart Watts purchased an £11.99 tool set from Poundstretcher for his 11-month-old daughter, Poppy. While playing with the toy, Poppy discovered a knife within the set and put it in her mouth. Acting quickly, Gina Barratt, Poppy's mother, was able to retrieve the five-inch knife from her daughter's mouth. Barratt expressed relief that Poppy wasn't hurt in the incident, but also expressed concern that other sets could include a knife. As such, she urges parents to carefully examine their children's toys to ensure their safety. Poundstretcher, for its part, has expressed concern and plans to investigate the issue thoroughly. A company spokesperson refers to the incident as "unfortunate" and stresses that the safety of their customers is of utmost importance. The incident with Poppy's toy tool set has brought to light an issue that has been prevalent in the toy industry for some time. As children's toys become increasingly complex, with more small, intricate parts, there has been a growing concern among parents regarding their children's safety when playing with such toys. Parents are encouraged to read the packaging and instructions of toys carefully to ensure that they are age-appropriate and free of any potential hazards. Additionally, it is important to supervise children while they play and to regularly inspect their toys to ensure that they are in good condition and free of any defects or damage. The issue of toy safety has become a major concern for parents, and for good reason. According to a report from the Consumer Product Safety Commission (CPSC), there were an estimated 226,100 toy-related injuries treated in U.S. hospital emergency rooms in 2018 alone. While this number may seem alarming, it serves as a reminder of the importance of ensuring that our children's toys are safe for them to play with. As the toy industry continues to grow and evolve, it is important that manufacturers take steps to ensure that their products are safe and appropriate for the intended age range. In the case of the toy tool set purchased by Watts for his daughter, it is clear that there was a serious oversight in the manufacturing and quality control process. While it is fortunate that Poppy was not injured, the incident should serve as a reminder to parents to always be vigilant when it comes to their children's safety. As the investigation into the incident continues, it is important that parents remain informed and take steps to ensure that their children's toys are safe and appropriate for their age and developmental level. By doing so, we can work towards creating a safer environment for our children to play and learn in.