article: By . Mail Online Reporter . A Michigan woman says she'll sue a zoo for not taking enough steps to protect her after she had a bit of her right, middle finger bit off while trying to pet a lion. Renae Ferguson was visiting the Sunrise Side Nature Trail and Exotic Park outside of East Tawas this Saturday when she she says a worker let herself and daughter Tina Dobson into a lion's cage. 'I put my hand down there to pet it and it ripped my finger,' Ferguson told WNEM. Scroll down for video . Renae Ferguson was visiting the Sunrise Side Nature Trail and Exotic Park outside of East Tawas this Saturday when she she says a worker let herself and daughter Tina Dobson into a lion's cage . Dobson said the lion bit off part of her right middle finger when she went to touch it . 'I was in total shock,' she said. 'I really didn't believe that was part of my finger laying on the ground.' She claims that the owners were more worried about their reputation than her well-being. 'They just told me not to tell. They told me to lie,' she said. Ferguson said she plans take legal action. While she doesn't want the zoo to go out of business, she believes they must prevent another person from being attacked. 'They are beautiful, but don't do it,' she said. Zoo officials said Ferguson snuck into the lion's enclosure despite being told not to and ignoring warning signs . Daughter Dobson backed her mother's account, telling reporters: 'I would like like to see more precautions taken to protect the people as well as the animals.' But zoo officials say there are already multiple warning and bite signs posted, and that Ferguson actually snuck into the restricted area after staff told her not to do it. 'The lady went into the security area and was told by the guide to . get back and the lady stated she wanted to touch the lion and continued, . against the guide's warning, to put her finger inside the fence and the . lion nipped the end of her finger,' the owners wrote in an . email.
highlights: Renae Ferguson claims a worker let her into the lion's cage where she was bitten . Said she plans to seek legal action because she was not properly protected . Zoo officials claim she snuck into the cage despite being told not to and ignored warning signs .
id: b4a34b793b84dcf1514d91328041760ac293bc45
chatgpt: Renae Ferguson, a woman from Wisconsin, has claimed that a worker at the Henry Vilas Zoo in Madison let her into the lion's cage where she was bitten. She plans to seek legal action against the zoo because she believes she was not properly protected. The incident occurred on Saturday afternoon when Ferguson decided to take a stroll through the zoo. She said she was fascinated with lions and decided to check out the lion exhibit. According to Ferguson, a worker at the zoo offered to let her get closer to the lions and even allowed her to enter the cage despite her protests. Once inside the cage, one of the lions bit her on the arm. Ferguson says she plans to sue the zoo because she was not properly protected during her visit. She claims the worker who let her in should not have done so and that the zoo's security measures were not enough to keep her safe from harm. Zoo officials, however, have a different account of the incident. They claim that Ferguson snuck into the enclosure despite being told not to and ignoring warning signs. They also pointed out that the worker who let Ferguson in has been suspended pending the outcome of an investigation. The zoo released a statement saying that they take the safety of their visitors seriously and they would never intentionally put anyone in harm's way. They suggested that Ferguson's actions were the cause of the incident and that she disregarded posted signs and warnings from zoo personnel. The zoo has had to deal with similar incidents in the past. In 2016, a boy was injured when he fell into the gorilla exhibit, and in 2017, a woman was injured when a kangaroo reached through a fence and attacked her. In response to this recent incident, the zoo plans to review its security protocols and make changes to ensure the safety of visitors. The incident has also sparked a conversation about the responsibility of both visitors and zoo personnel in ensuring the safety of visitors. As for Ferguson, she says she is still experiencing pain from the lion bite and hopes that legal action will hold the zoo accountable for what she believes was their negligence. The outcome of the situation remains to be seen, but it's clear that both the zoo and Ferguson have different perspectives on what led up to the incident.