article: By . Eleanor Crooks, Press Association . Neither Ukraine nor Israel will be allowed to play next month's Davis Cup ties on home soil because of security issues, the International Tennis Federation has ruled. At a meeting held on Tuesday, the ITF board of directors upheld an appeal from Ukraine's opponents Belgium that their World Group play-off should not be held in Kiev because of continued unrest in the country. A statement on the Davis Cup website read: 'The Board noted that the original decision by the Davis Cup Committee had not been unanimous; and that, while the recent political unrest had occurred in eastern Ukraine, a disturbance in Kiev's Independence Square as recently as last Thursday indicated that the security situation there was fluid.' Hitting back: Ukrainian number two Sergiy Stakhovsky branded the decision 'insane' on Twitter . Anger: The World number 80 hit out at the ITF for taking a political stance against his country . The decision was immediately condemned by Ukrainian number two Sergiy Stakhovsky, who wrote on Twitter: 'This is insane !!! @ITF-Tennis forbids £ukraine to play home!! £belgium federation you are far from being decent .' The ITF board, meanwhile, rejected an appeal from Israel, who had hoped to overturn an earlier decision forbidding their World Group play-off against Argentina from being played in Tel Aviv. Both Ukraine and Israel now have the option to name a neutral venue for the ties, which will be held from September 12-14. Tough call: ITF President Francesco Ritti Bitti said that it was a difficult decision but made for safety reasons . ITF president Francesco Ricci Bitti said: 'It is always a very difficult decision for the ITF to take away choice of ground in Davis Cup. 'The competition was founded on the principles of better understanding among nations and we believe it has done a good job in fostering this over 114 years. 'However, the safety of players, officials and spectators has to take priority and the Board believed that it was not prudent to hold ties in Ukraine or Israel because of political unrest in these countries at the present time and for the foreseeable future.'
highlights: Both nations have to give up home advantage in upcoming ties . ITF order both to choose neutral venues because of political unrest . Ukraine number two Sergiy Stakhovsky calls the decision 'insane' on Twitter .
id: f6e6a5f6128c4e4e8cbb79390b05290334155c84
chatgpt: In an unprecedented move, the International Tennis Federation (ITF) has ordered both the nations to forfeit their home advantage and play in neutral venues during the upcoming ties. The decision was made in response to the political unrest in the respective countries. Ukraine's number two tennis player, Sergiy Stakhovsky, expressed his displeasure with the decision on social media platform Twitter, calling it "insane". Stakhovsky claimed that the ITF was punishing the players for something that was beyond their control. The ITF's decision is not limited to Ukraine alone, as its opponent is also expected to play on neutral ground. Such a situation is highly unusual, as countries generally value their home advantage and prefer to play in familiar surroundings, where they have the support of their fans. Nevertheless, the ITF believes that the current political situation in Ukraine makes it unsafe for players and fans to gather for the game. Hence, the ITF has chosen to take the extreme step of ordering both countries to play in neutral venues, to ensure that the game can proceed without any disruptions. It remains to be seen where exactly the matches will be played, as both teams will have to agree on a mutually acceptable venue. This could potentially lead to further conflicts between the two countries, as negotiations to reach consensus could prove difficult. The decision to play on neutral ground will undoubtedly have an impact on the players, as they will have to adjust to a new environment, away from the comforts of their home courts. Moreover, the absence of home fans could also affect the morale of the players, who are used to playing in front of a supportive audience. It is a challenging situation for both teams but one that they must accept if they wish to continue playing tennis. Safety concerns should always take priority over sports, and it is commendable that the ITF has taken a firm stance in this regard. Ultimately, it is the hope of tennis fans all over the world that a resolution to the political unrest in Ukraine will be reached soon, and that the players can once again compete on their home turf. Until then, both countries must cooperate with the ITF to ensure that the game can continue to thrive, regardless of the challenging circumstances it faces.