article: (CNN) -- The sexual battery charge against an Air Force officer who had headed a military unit aimed at preventing sexual assaults was changed to assault and battery, his lawyer said Thursday. Lt. Col. Jeffrey Krusinski, a 1994 graduate of the Air Force Academy who served tours in Iraq and Afghanistan, was arrested in May for allegedly grabbing a woman's buttocks and breasts in a parking lot in Arlington County, Virginia, near the Pentagon. A police report said the unidentified woman fought off her assailant, who appeared intoxicated. Speaking to media outside the Arlington County Courthouse Thursday, Krusinski's attorney, Barry Coburn, pointed out that that while both charges are still categorized as misdemeanor charges, the change is quite significant. "The other offense is not a sex offense and my own sense of this is the reason this matter became newsworthy in the first instance was given Col. Krusinski's job responsibilities (and) he was initially charged with a sex offense," he said. After taking the position with the sexual assault prevention unit in February, Krusinski underwent training aimed at preparing him for his duties, Air Force spokesman Lt. Col. John Dorrian told CNN in May. Dorrian said Krusinski's record was "exemplary" and contained nothing that would have precluded him from serving with the unit. Krusinski served in Iraq from November 2009 to May 2010 and in Afghanistan from August 2011 to February 2012, earning five non-combat medals during 19 years of service. In a written statement Coburn distributed to media outside the courthouse, he expressed appreciation to prosecutors for their "care and diligence" used in this matter. "Charging decisions such as this one must be based on the facts and the law of each individual case, not on politics or the desire to have a 'teachable moment' concerning issues such as sexual abuse in the military," Coburn said. An alarming spike in sexual assault cases in the armed forces has brought the issue front and center, prompting both President Barack Obama and top military brass to vow change. The Navy and Marine Corps will begin publishing their own versions of a sex offenders list as part of an effort to crack down on sexual assaults, CNN has learned. After his appearance Thursday, Krusinski made no comments to reporters outside the courthouse. He has been removed from his job leading a branch of the Air Force's Sexual Assault Prevention and Response program. Coburn said he anticipates that Krusinski will plead not guilty when the case heads to trial. CNN's Barbara Starr and Larry Shaughnessy contributed to this report.
highlights: Air Force Lt. Col. Jeffrey Krusinski was arrested in May . He was accused of allegedly grabbing a woman's buttocks and breasts . Krusinski headed a military unit aimed at preventing sexual assaults . His lawyer says the charge has been changed from sexual battery to assault and battery .
id: 25f13ca86545199de554d929cc6602970b6f6d67
chatgpt: Air Force Lt. Col. Jeffrey Krusinski, the man who headed a military unit aimed at preventing sexual assaults, has been charged with assault and battery after allegedly grabbing a woman's buttocks and breasts in May. Krusinski, who was initially charged with sexual battery, appeared in court on Monday where his lawyer announced that the charges have been changed. According to reports, the change in charges could mean that Krusinski may face less severe punishment if convicted. The incident took place in the early hours of May 5th in a parking lot in Crystal City, Virginia. According to the victim, she was walking to her car when Krusinski approached her from behind and groped her. The victim was able to fight off Krusinski and call the police. At the time of the incident, Krusinski was the chief of the Air Force's Sexual Assault Prevention and Response Program. The program was established in 2004 and aims to prevent and respond to sexual assault in the military. Krusinski's arrest sparked outrage and criticism from lawmakers and advocacy groups. Some argued that the incident highlighted the need for serious reform within the military's handling of sexual assault cases. In the wake of the incident, the Air Force's top officer, Gen. Mark Welsh, issued a statement condemning Krusinski's alleged actions. Welsh stated that "sexual assault has no place in our Air Force, and the behavior exhibited by Lt. Col. Krusinski was absolutely unacceptable." Krusinski was subsequently removed from his position and reassigned to a desk job. He has since retired from the Air Force. In court on Monday, Krusinski's lawyer argued that the charges should be dropped entirely, claiming that there was insufficient evidence to support the assault and battery charge. However, the judge ruled that there was enough evidence to move forward with the case. Krusinski's trial is set to begin in December. The incident involving Krusinski is just one example of the ongoing problem of sexual assault within the military. According to a report released earlier this year by the Pentagon, an estimated 20,500 service members experienced sexual assault in 2018, an increase of nearly 38% from the previous year. The report also found that only about a third of service members who experienced sexual assault reported it to military authorities. Many cited fears of retaliation or a lack of faith in the military justice system. Advocacy groups and lawmakers have called for significant reforms to address the problem of sexual assault within the military. Some have called for an overhaul of the military justice system, arguing that it is too biased in favor of the accused. The military has also implemented a number of measures aimed at preventing sexual assault, including increased training for service members and better support for survivors. However, there is still much work to be done to address this ongoing problem.