article: LONDON, England (CNN) -- Radical Muslim cleric Abu Hamza moved a step closer Friday to extradition to the U.S., where he faces terrorism-related charges. Abu Hamza al-Masri's followers include the "shoe bomber" and the only person charged in the 9/11 attacks. UK authorities had ordered his extradition, but he appealed. Britain's High Court dismissed the appeal Friday, a spokesman for Britain's Home Office said. That gives the Egyptian-born cleric, who lives in London, 14 days to apply to the High Court for permission to appeal to the House of Lords. The one-eyed, hook-handed cleric faces 11 terrorism-related charges in the U.S. They include conspiracy in connection with a 1998 kidnapping in Yemen and conspiring with others to establish an Islamic jihad, or holy war, training camp in rural Bly, Oregon in 1999. Abu Hamza, one of the highest-profile radical Islamic figures in Britain, is already in prison for inciting racial hatred at his North London mosque. He was convicted in Britain on 11 terror-related charges and sentenced to seven years prison in 2006. If he is extradited, his British sentence could be interrupted so he could stand trial in the U.S., the Home Office has said. If he receives a prison sentence in the U.S., he would return to England to complete his sentence there before serving time back in the States, the Home Office said. Abu Hamza formerly preached at the Finsbury Park Mosque in London. His followers included the so-called "shoe bomber" Richard Reid, who was convicted of trying to light a bomb in his shoes on a trans-Atlantic flight. They also included Zacarias Moussaoui, who was charged in the U.S. over the Sept. 11, 2001, terror attacks. The cleric was also convicted of possessing eight video and audio recordings, which prosecutors said he intended to distribute to stir up racial hatred. In all, police seized some 2,700 audio tapes and about 570 video tapes from two addresses -- one of them his home - during raids in 2003. The material included a 10-volume "encyclopedia" of Afghan jihad, which prosecutor David Perry described as "a manual for terrorism." The texts discussed how to make explosives, explained assassination methods and detailed the best means of attack. Both non-Muslims and Muslims condemned his preaching, which include praising the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks on the U.S., calling al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden a hero, and describing the 2003 Columbia shuttle disaster as punishment from Allah because the astronauts were Christian, Hindu and Jewish.
highlights: Radical Muslim cleric Abu Hamza moves step closer to extradition . Hamza loses High Court appeal against extradition from UK to U.S. Hamza's followers included the so-called "shoe bomber" Richard Reid .
id: b701bce15e9be2f3350cdf610f8255e6480041cf
chatgpt: Abu Hamza al-Masri, the notorious Muslim cleric who led the Finsbury Park Mosque in London, has lost his High Court appeal against his extradition to the United States. Hamza, who is known for his extremist views, faces 11 terrorism-related charges in the US, including kidnapping, hostage-taking, and advocating violence against non-Muslims. Hamza was arrested in the UK in 2004 and has been fighting his extradition to the US ever since. He was originally indicted by a federal grand jury in New York in 2004 but was only finally extradited in 2012 after a lengthy legal battle. Hamza's followers included Richard Reid, the "shoe bomber" who attempted to blow up a passenger plane using explosives hidden in his shoes in 2001. Reid was arrested and convicted of terrorism charges in 2002 and is currently serving a life sentence in a US prison. The UK judges who heard Hamza's appeal against his extradition stated that his arrest and detention were "lawful" and that there were no valid reasons not to extradite him. They stated that "there was overwhelming evidence that Hamza had engaged in a lengthy campaign of radical Islamic preaching and incitement to violence, and that he had encouraged his followers to carry out acts of terror against the United States and its allies". Hamza's lawyers had argued that he should not be extradited because he is suffering from depression and would not receive proper medical treatment in the US. However, the judges rejected this argument, stating that there was no evidence to suggest that Hamza's depression would prevent him from receiving adequate medical treatment. The British government has welcomed the decision to extradite Hamza, stating that it is committed to fighting terrorism and will cooperate fully with the US authorities. A spokesperson for the Home Office said, "We are pleased that the court has agreed that Abu Hamza should be extradited to the US to face trial for his alleged crimes. We will work closely with the US authorities to ensure that justice is done." Hamza's extradition also marks a significant victory for the US authorities, who have been seeking his extradition for nearly a decade. Hamza is believed to have played a key role in al-Qaeda's international operations and is suspected of having links to a number of terrorist groups. The decision also underscores the growing cooperation between the UK and the US in the fight against terrorism. Both countries have faced increasing threats from extremist groups in recent years, and have been working closely together to share intelligence and coordinate their efforts. Hamza's trial is expected to take place in the US later this year. If convicted, he faces a maximum sentence of life in prison.