article: New Delhi (CNN) -- Maoist insurgents in the Indian state of Orissa have set free the second of two Italians they kidnapped almost a month ago, but a local legislator is still being held, a government spokesman said Thursday. The Italian citizen Paolo Bosusco has been released, said S.K. Panda, a spokesman for the government of Orissa in eastern India. "He is on his way to Bhubaneswar," the state capital, Panda said. Bosusco was kidnapped with another Italian tourist, Claudio Colangelo, in the district of Kandhamal on March 14. Colangelo was set free 11 days later. The guerillas also kidnapped Jhina Hikaka, a member of the state's legislative assembly who is still being detained. Last week, authorities in Orissa agreed to release 27 prison inmates in exchange for the return of the abducted Italian man and the legislator. Orissa's chief minister, Naveen Patnaik, specified that 23 prisoners would be freed to secure Hikaka's release, and the other four for Bosusco's. The captors had set 13 demands, including the withdrawal of government troops from rebel strongholds in the state and the release of fellow Maoists and their supporters from jail. Panda said Thursday that one of the prisoners, who the chief minister had promised to free in the exchange, has been released and others have been asked to file their bail applications. Anti-rebel operations, part of a decades-long conflict, have already been put on hold in Kandhamal, officials said. Maoist militants have been battling the Indian government in several eastern states since the late 1960s in an insurgency that has resulted in thousands of casualties. The group says it is fighting for the poor and the dispossessed. In addition to targeting police, alleged police informers and "class enemies," the insurgents are believed to have carried out attacks on roads, bridges, railways, and power and telecommunication networks.
highlights: Left-wing insurgents are still holding a state lawmaker in Orissa . They have released the second of two Italians they kidnapped . The Indian authorities have offered to free 27 prisoners .
id: 419938f71392cc91172630327118f387353243a3
chatgpt: Left-wing insurgents in India's Orissa state continue to hold a state lawmaker hostage, despite freeing two Italian nationals they had kidnapped earlier. Reports suggest the kidnapping was carried out as part of the group's bid for prisoners to be released from Indian jails. The abduction took place nearly two weeks ago when the insurgents, belonging to the banned Communist Party of India (Maoist), kidnapped Jhina Hikaka, a legislator from the ruling Biju Janata Dal party. The two Italian nationals, Claudio Colangelo and Paolo Bosusco, were abducted in a separate incident. The Tamil Nadu state government has offered to release 27 prisoners in exchange for the release of Hikaka, who is a member of the Orissa legislative assembly. However, the Maoist group has not yet responded to the offer. The Italian government had also made a similar offer to the Maoist group, following the release of Bosusco on March 25. Colangelo was released earlier, after being held captive for nearly a month. The situation has put a spotlight on the issue of Maoist insurgency in India. The Communist Party of India (Maoist) has been waging a long-standing guerrilla war against the government, calling for a communist form of government in the country. The Maoist movement is believed to have around 10,000 cadres, and is present in more than a third of India's states. The group often targets government officials, police personnel, and large corporations for funds. Critics of the government's handling of the insurgency point out that the root causes of the conflict are poverty and lack of development in the Maoist-affected areas. They argue that until these issues are addressed, the insurgency is likely to continue. The Indian government had launched a massive operation against the Maoist insurgency in 2009, but the group has continued to elude the security forces, often striking at will. The kidnapping of the Italian nationals and the state lawmaker has once again brought the issue to the forefront of public consciousness.