article: By . Suzannah Hills . PUBLISHED: . 06:15 EST, 10 August 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 09:30 EST, 10 August 2013 . Her tales have enchanted generations of English children and now Beatrix Potter is set to win another fan - baby Prince George. The Duchess of Cambridge has decorated his nursery with characters from Beatrix Potter's classic children's book, it has emerged. While Kensington Palace officials are said to have suggested antique furniture as more befitting a future king, Kate had her heart set on a Beatrix Potter theme. Classic tales: The Duchess of Cambridge, pictured holding Prince George as she leaves St Mary's Hospital in London with husband Prince William, is believed to have chosen a Beatrix Potter theme for her son's nursery . And her mother-in-law Camilla took her side - insisting the nursery should be decorated to Kate's liking. A source told The Sun: 'Camilla has experience in dealing with the "old grey men". She put her foot down, saying it should be Kate's choice.' The pair are said to have become very close since Kate became pregnant with her first child George who was born on July 22. The source added that the Duchess loves how Camilla treats George like any grandchild who 'wees, vomits and does everything babies do'. With help from her mother-in-law, 31-year-old Kate is believed to have ordered that the nursery be decorated with characters from Beatrix Potter's books. Popular: Peter Rabbit, depicted eating radishes, is likely to be one of the Beatrix Potter characters adorning Prince George's walls . One of her most popular characters who is likely to adorn the Prince's walls is Peter Rabbit. The Tale of Peter Rabbit and his sisters Flopsy, Mopsy and Cotton-tail was first published more than 100 years ago but is still one of the most popular children's books today. Other famous characters include Jemima Puddle-Duck, Mrs Tiggy-Winkle, Tom Kitten and Miss Moppet. It has been speculated that kate and her husband Prince William are likely to have used the same design company that created nurseries for William himself, his brother Harry and their cousins Beatrice and Eugenie. Dragons of Walton Street in Knightsbridge specialise in handmade furniture painted with characters from Beatrix Potter, bears, flowers or fairies. Home to a prince: Kensington Palace officials felt that antique furniture in the nursery would be more in keeping with the style of the property, pictured, but they were overruled by Kate and her mother-in-law Camilla .
highlights: Kensington Palace officials suggested antique furniture for George's nursery . But his mother Kate wanted Beatrix Potter characters to decorate his room . Despite being more than 100 years old, the writer's tales are still some of the most popular children's books ever written . The Tale of Peter Rabbit and his sisters Flopsy, Mopsy and Cotton-tail is one of her best-loved books .
id: f7e3cd8478bb69b6307d4385572128e993f5464a
chatgpt: The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have always had a preference for classic and antique pieces when it comes to their home decor. When it came time to decorate their eldest son's nursery in Kensington Palace, palace officials suggested classic antique pieces to adorn the room. However, the Duchess had a different idea in mind - she wanted to incorporate the beloved characters from Beatrix Potter's renowned children's books into the room. Beatrix Potter was a British author and illustrator known for her beloved children's books. Even though her tales were written over 100 years ago, they remain some of the most popular and cherished books for children of all ages. One of her most beloved stories is "The Tale of Peter Rabbit", which follows the adventures of Peter and his sisters Flopsy, Mopsy, and Cotton-tail. Despite the palace officials' suggestion, the Duchess knew that the charm of Beatrix Potter's tales would be the perfect fit for her son George's nursery. The walls of the room were adorned with whimsical illustrations of the iconic Peter Rabbit and his mischievous adventures in Mr. McGregor's garden. The illustrations were rendered in soft pastel shades and were the perfect complement to the neutral-toned furnishings in the room. The Duchess also incorporated other characters from Beatrix Potter's books into her design, including Jemima Puddle-Duck and Tom Kitten, to name a few. The entire room was filled with references to the beloved literary works, making it a space that was magical and full of wonder. The Duke and Duchess' choice to incorporate the timeless Beatrix Potter characters into their son's nursery speaks to their appreciation for classic literature and the importance of sharing it with their children. They join a long list of parents who have embraced the characters and stories in their own homes, making it a tradition that has spanned generations. As for the antique pieces that were recommended by the palace officials - they were not forgotten. The Duke and Duchess incorporated some of these items into other areas of Kensington Palace, where they added a touch of history and character to their already stunning residence. In conclusion, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's decision to decorate their son's nursery with illustrations from The Tale of Peter Rabbit is a testament to the enduring appeal of Beatrix Potter's literary works. The room exuded a sense of charm and wonder that will no doubt inspire and captivate their children for years to come. Being an example of how classic literature can still hold a special place in everyone's heart even as the years go by.