article: In Harry Potter the young wizard's life is changed forever when he receives hundreds of letters inviting him to Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. So when a young Potter fan suffering from leukaemia was asked what would she wish for on her sixth birthday, she had an idea. Oliwia Gandecka, from Zielona Gora, Poland, told her parents it would be really exciting if she could be sent lots of letters just like Harry. SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO . Smiling: The brave cancer sufferer was stunned after receiving one million cards for her birthday . The Birthday Card for Oliwia campaign . was launched and people across the world were so touched by Oliwia's . story she received not one but more than one million cards as well as . gifts on her birthday on October 26. The child even received a special message from Pope Francis. Her parents turned to social media to start the campaign. Marta . Jagiello, friend of the family, said: 'After talking to her mother we . found that this was her greatest wish, so we started a campaign on . Facebook and on Harry Potter forums. Special birthday: Oliwia Gandecka with bags of cards and gifts sent to her by people from around the world after an appeal from her parents to make her dream come true . Delighted: The six-year-old wanted to be just like Harry Potter on her sixth birthday who received lots of letters inviting him to Hogwarts . Loving: Oliwia Gandecka with her sister opening a card on her sixth birthday . Excited: Oliwia Gandecka never thought her dream to receive lots of birthday cards would come true . 'Her big dream is to get a very large number of birthday cards. Just one card would have been enough to see her smile, but she was grinning from ear to ear when she saw all the well wishes she got from all over the world.' Within a week more than a million cards had arrived at her house and there are still more arriving. 'We had a problem keeping this a secret from her because there were so many. Touching: Oliwia Gandecka with friends and family walking up a staircase lined with birthday cards for her . A dream come true: Oliwia Gandecka  holds two cards but she's got a million to get through . A birthday to remember: The six-year-old girl received more than a million birthday cards . 'The postman was having problems delivering them, and we had to ask neighbours and friends to store some of them,' said mum Natasza. 'You can imagine her delight when she saw them all on her birthday,' she added.
highlights: Oliwia Gandecka's wish was to receive lots of cards on her birthday . The six-year-old was inspired by a scene in Harry Potter . Her parents set up the Birthday Card for Oliwia campaign . On October 26 more than a million cards was delivered to the child .
id: bddc1249779802f8f79698984b78b5c28d73c1a4
chatgpt: Six-year-old Oliwia Gandecka had a dream of receiving an abundance of birthday greeting cards after seeing a memorable scene in Harry Potter. On October 26, the child's wish came true when over a million cards were delivered to her as part of the Birthday Card for Oliwia campaign. The campaign was initiated by Oliwia's parents after she expressed her desire to receive as many cards as possible for her birthday. Her parents decided to go all out to make their daughter's wish come true and created a social media campaign to collect as many cards as possible. The Facebook group, called "Birthday Card for Oliwia," quickly gained traction and received enormous amounts of support from people all over the world. It wasn't long before the campaign had collected over a million cards, far exceeding the initial target of 500,000. The family were reportedly overwhelmed with the response they received and were amazed by the kindness of strangers. They shared some of the touching letters they received from people, all wishing Oliwia a happy and joyful birthday. Oliwia's birthday, on October 26, was a day filled with joy and excitement. The family were reportedly busy all day long opening cards from all over the world. Some of the most memorable messages came from overseas, and the family were amazed that people were willing to send letters halfway across the world to their daughter. The six-year-old was amazed at the huge response she received on her birthday. "It is so amazing to receive so many cards from all over the world! Thank you so much to everyone who sent me a card. This is the best birthday I have ever had," Oliwia said. The family were so overwhelmed by the response to the campaign that they are now considering starting a charity program to help others in similar situations. They expressed gratitude for the generosity of strangers and thanked everyone who contributed to the campaign. Overall, the Birthday Card for Oliwia campaign proved to be a huge success, bringing joy and happiness to Oliwia's life on her special day. The response from strangers all over the world has finished off a fantastic year for the young girl and her family.