article: (CNN) -- Brandt Snedeker stepped up his bid to win the FedEx Cup playoffs with a superb six-under 64 at East Lakes Saturday to share the third round lead with England's Justin Rose at the Tour Championship. Ryder Cup wildcard pick Snedeker was one of five players, standings leader Rory McIlroy, Tiger Woods, Phil Mickelson and Nick Watney the others, who came to Atlanta knowing that the $10 million bonus payout was theirs with victory come Sunday. World No.1 McIlroy carded a battling 68 to share fourth place on five-under with halfway leader Jim Furyk and Masters champion Bubba Watson. The Northern Irishman made a crucial par saving putt on the 18th to stay in touch with the leaders going into the last day. "I wanted to make it because I didn't want to give a shot away right at the end," he told Sky Sports. "It's one of those courses where I don't think anyone is really going that low. I might need one and hopefully I have saved it for the last day." Ryan Moore was alone in third on six-under, while Woods kept his chances of overall glory alive with a 67 to trail by four shots. Last year's U.S. money list winner Luke Donald of England was a further shot behind after holing his second shot to the 14th for a spectacular eagle two. Furyk, who won the FedEx Cup two years ago, looked set to share the lead with Snedeker and the consistent Rose, but ran up a triple bogey on the 18th after finding the water. Snedeker, who has fought back after a poor opening round, was delighted with his efforts. He told the official PGA Tour website: "My first goal for this week is achieved, and that is to have a chance going into Sunday." Rose, who has virtually no hope of claiming the top prize, is concentrating on capping his season with the Tour Championship title. "It's not an easy golf course. Things can happen out there. But for me, it's about one tournament. "I wish I would be in the situation that Brandt's in. I would trade him, but obviously that's the position I'm in."
highlights: Brandt Snedeker and Justin Rose share third round lead in Atlanta . Snedeker in contention for $10 million FedEx Cup playoff title . World No.1 Rory McIlroy three off the pace in Tour Championship . Tiger Woods four back at East Lakes .
id: 0afdee0f6c6e0e733dc0dee69fff8ec19e248d34
chatgpt: Atlanta, Georgia - The third round of the Tour Championship saw Brandt Snedeker and Justin Rose take the shared lead at East Lakes with a score of 8-under-par. Snedeker, who is the current FedEx Cup leader, is in contention for the $10 million prize money at the playoff finale. Snedeker had a solid round, making four birdies and one eagle to finish with a score of 6-under-par. Rose, on the other hand, had six birdies and two bogeys to match Snedeker's score. Speaking to reporters after his round, Snedeker said, "I played really well today, I feel confident, and I'm excited for tomorrow." The world No. 1, Rory McIlroy, is three shots off the pace after a 2-under-par round on Saturday. McIlroy had a slow start with two bogeys on the front nine, but he managed to turn his game around with four birdies on the back nine. McIlroy is hoping to win his second Tour Championship title after winning in 2016. Tiger Woods is also in contention, four shots back at 4-under-par. Woods had an up-and-down round and struggled with the putter, making only two birdies and two bogeys. Despite his inconsistent play, Woods remains optimistic for the final round, saying, "I'm still in the mix, and I think I can make a run tomorrow." The Tour Championship is the final tournament of the FedEx Cup playoffs, and the winner of the tournament will take home the $1.5 million prize money. In addition, the top five players in the FedEx Cup standings have a chance to win the $10 million prize money for winning the overall playoffs. Snedeker is currently first in the standings, followed by McIlroy, Rose, Dustin Johnson, and Justin Thomas. It's an incredibly tight race for the top spot, and any of these players could win the FedEx Cup with a victory at the Tour Championship. The final round promises to be an exciting one, with some of the best golfers in the world competing for the championship title and the coveted prize money. Golf fans are eagerly anticipating the final round and looking forward to seeing who will come out on top.