article: They've all hit memorable shots at the climax to the Race to Dubai, but could any of them match - or even better - each other in a unique challenge on the Earth Course? That was the task for Rory McIlroy, Justin Rose and Henrik Stenson earlier this week when the trio warmed-up for the DP World Tour Championship by trying to recreate each other's famous shots on the 18th hole at the tournament. Stenson's effort - a stunning three wood approach to the green which won the European Tour's Shot of the Year award in 2013 - was first up for McIlroy and Rose. VIDEO Scroll down to watch McIlroy, Stenson and Rose attempt to recreate famous shots . Justin Rose, Henrik Stenson and Rory McIlroy (from left to right) discuss their challenge on the Earth Course . Stenson won the European Tour Shot of the Year award for this three wood approach to the 18th last year . Rose attempts to recreate Stenson's stunning shot on the 18th hole ahead of this year's tournament . McIlroy's ball rolls around towards the flag as he comes close to matching Stenson's impressive shot . The pair couldn't quite manage to get it as close as the Swede, who tapped in for eagle to win both the Race to Dubai and the event itself at Jumeirah Golf Estates a year ago. McIlroy, who has already sealed victory in this year's Race to Dubai, came out on top though, with his attempt rolling to within a few feet of the pin. Next up was Rose's ridiculous putt from 2012, which seemed to take an eternity to trickle down one tier and end up agonisingly close to dropping straight in. Neither Stenson or world No 1 McIlroy could read it as well as the Englishman, who finished second two years ago, with both of their efforts finishing left and beyond the hole. Rose's incredible long-range putt in 2012 came within an inch of dropping into the hole on the 18th green . McIlroy and Rose watch Stenson line up his mega putt but the Swede's effort was long and wide of the hole . World No 1 McIlroy repeats his final putt from 2012 before Stenson and Rose have a go at replicating him . Rose also had another go himself and almost went one better than 2012 when his putt hit the pin but failed to fall. Last up was McIlroy, whose birdie putt from 10-feet on the last hole two years ago helped give him victory in the Dubai showpiece. The 25-year-old proved it was no fluke by holing an identical putt before Rose stepped up to produce the same result. But Stenson saved the best until last, gripping his club with just one hand and hooking his left leg around it before putting out in style. Stenson shows off his skills with a one-handed version of McIlroy's 10-foot putt on the final green . The European Ryder Cup team-mates share a hug after completing their challenge on the Earth Course .
highlights: The DP World Tour Championship began in Dubai on Thursday . World No 1 Rory McIlroy has already won the Race to Dubai . He joined Justin Rose and Henrik Stenson for a unique challenge . The trio tried to recreate each other's famous shots at the tournament .
id: 5200d18035140b3d4b3b352be804a93332977f47
chatgpt: The 2021 DP World Tour Championship, one of the most prestigious tournaments in the world of professional golf, has begun in Dubai. This year's event has already witnessed World No. 1 Rory McIlroy win the Race to Dubai, the annual competition that tracks the performance of players at events in the European Tour. McIlroy secured the victory on Sunday, marking his third triumph in the championship. As the tour championship kicked off on Thursday, McIlroy participated in a unique challenge with fellow top golfers Justin Rose and Henrik Stenson. For the challenge, the trio tried to recreate each other's most famous shots at the tournament, with McIlroy trying to replicate Rose's chip-in-hole on the 18th green in 2012, Rose attempting to re-create Stenson's 50-foot eagle putt in 2013, and Stenson trying to repeat McIlroy's 273-yard 5-wood shot on the par-5 18th hole in 2015. The challenge offered fans and fellow golfers a glimpse into the playful camaraderie among the top players in the sport. The three golfers were seen joking and laughing throughout the challenge, making for a fun and entertaining spectacle for fans at the Jumeirah Golf Estates in Dubai. When asked about the challenge, McIlroy said, "We had such a great time out there today. Justin, Henrik, and I have been playing together for so many years, and we have a great relationship both on and off the course. Today's challenge was a fun way to celebrate the tournament and each other's accomplishments in the sport." Aside from the challenge, the DP World Tour Championship has also witnessed some thrilling performances from top golfers around the world. On Thursday, Ross Fisher carded a six-under-par 66 to take the early lead, while Tommy Fleetwood, the defending champion, also impressed with a solid 68. Meanwhile, McIlroy, Rose, and Stenson are all expected to be major contenders for the championship trophy this year. The DP World Tour Championship  is the culmination of the European Tour season and is one of the most highly-anticipated events in the golfing calendar. It is the fourth and final event in the Rolex Series, which is comprised of eight tournaments on the European Tour, and boasts a prize pool of $8 million. The tournament will run through Sunday, November 21, and will see the world's top golfers compete for the championship title and a chance to win a share of the prize money. The DP World Tour Championship is renowned for its exceptional course, which has been designed to be both challenging and visually stunning. This year's tournament will be held on the Earth Course at the Jumeirah Golf Estates, which is widely regarded as one of the top courses in the Middle East. The course measures over 7,700 yards and features dramatic water hazards, undulating fairways, and strategic bunkering, making it a truly challenging test for even the most experienced golfers. As the DP World Tour Championship continues, golf fans around the world will be glued to their screens, eagerly following the progress of their favorite players. With McIlroy, Rose, and Stenson among the top contenders for the championship, the tournament promises to be an exciting and closely contested affair.