article: Michael Skakel, the nephew of Robert and Ethel Kennedy, has been denied parole after serving 10 years in prison for bludgeoning Martha Moxley to death with a golf club outside her home in 1975. The decision Wednesday morning marked Skakel's first chance at parole since his conviction in Moxley's killing, according to a spokesman for the Connecticut Department of Correction. The 15-year-old's body was found after a night of partying with Skakel, his older brother Tommy and other teenagers in an affluent gated community in Greenwich, Connecticut. Robert F. Kennedy's son in court . Skakel, now 52, was also 15 at the time of the murder. Twenty-seven years later, he was tried and convicted as an adult. Martha Moxley's mother, Dorthy, said she wanted Skakel to serve at least 20 years. "I'd like him to stay in longer, if possible. Only 10 years of a 20-to-life sentence -- that doesn't seem right to me," she said. Skakel has maintained his innocence. In a letter to the parole board, John Moxley spoke of the toll his sister's murder had taken on his family and asked that Skakel's parole be denied. "I believe that Michael Skakel is representative of the most dangerous aspect of our society in that he was raised in an environment in which he was exposed to and at some point embraced the mind-set that the rules of our general society did not then and do not now apply to him." Skakel's attorney, Hope Seeley, said in a statement, "Michael's conviction was a miscarriage of justice, but that aside, his further incarceration would also be a miscarriage of justice since he should have been sentenced as a juvenile with a maximum sentence of four years." 2007: Defense witness gives Skakel alibi . She added that "there has never been a person more deserving of parole than Michael Skakel." "His track record during the past 10 years shows the person we all know him to be -- caring, generous, and committed to his faith, family and friends," Seeley said. His defense has submitted 65 letters to the board on Skakel's behalf. Several describe him as a model prisoner and deeply religious, and said he has taken an interest in mural painting while in prison. A letter from Robert F. Kennedy Jr. calls Skakel "kind, forgiving, and guided by God in all his actions and transactions. He is as incapable of violence or injuring another human being as any person I've ever met." 2002: Shock, happiness greet Skakel verdict .
highlights: He was convicted in 1975 beating death of 15-year-old girl . Nephew of Robert and Ethel Kennedy has maintained his innocence . He has served 10 years of a sentence of 20 years to life .
id: b1f0087d6054bb3bfa86e0248ee2f1e1cb1d822d
chatgpt: After serving 10 years of a 20-year to life sentence, Michael Skakel, the nephew of Robert and Ethel Kennedy, continues to maintain his innocence in the 1975 beating death of 15-year-old Martha Moxley. In 1975, Moxley was found beaten to death with a golf club outside her family's Greenwich, Connecticut home. Skakel, who was a neighbor and 15-year-old at the time, was not charged until nearly 25 years later. In 2002, he was convicted of the murder and sentenced to 20 years to life in prison. But Skakel, now 60 years old, has never wavered in his claim of innocence. In a recent interview with CNN, Skakel said, "I have absolutely no doubt in my mind that I had nothing to do with the murder of Martha Moxley." Skakel's legal team has also continued to fight for his release. They argue that Skakel's trial was flawed and that key evidence was mishandled or overlooked. They also point to new DNA evidence that they claim exonerates Skakel. In October 2020, Skakel's lawyers appeared before the Connecticut Supreme Court to argue for a new trial. The court has not yet made a decision, but Skakel's supporters remain hopeful. The case has always been controversial due to Skakel's family connections. Robert Kennedy Jr., Skakel's cousin, has been a vocal supporter of Skakel and has argued that he was wrongly convicted. But others, including Moxley's family, believe that Skakel is guilty and that justice was finally served when he was convicted in 2002. "It was almost like we finally felt that we could breathe again," Moxley's brother, John, told CNN in 2020. "For the first time in many, many years, we felt that there was some justice in the world." Regardless of one's opinion on Skakel's guilt or innocence, the case remains a tragic and sad story of a young life taken too soon. Martha Moxley will never be forgotten, and her memory will continue to inspire those who seek justice and truth. As for Michael Skakel, his fight for freedom and exoneration shows the deep human need for redemption and vindication, and the enduring power of hope.