article: PHOENIX, Arizona (CNN) -- Basketball great Charles Barkley began serving a three-day sentence in Arizona's infamous Tent City on Saturday, jailed by the same sheriff whose autobiography he endorsed 12 years ago. Charles Barkley bristled at the implication he should be wearing stripes instead of a red-and-bue sweatsuit. "You come here when you screw up," Barkley said at a news conference hours after he reported at the Maricopa County jail. "I don't blame anybody for this situation but myself." Barkley, 45, pleaded guilty last month to misdemeanor drunken-driving charges stemming from a New Year's Eve arrest after he left a Scottsdale, Arizona, nightclub. A judge sentenced him to 10 days in jail, but his sentence was reduced in exchange for Barkley's attending an alcohol-awareness course. At the news conference, Barkley sat next to Sheriff Joe Arpaio, the self-proclaimed "Toughest Sheriff in America." Arpaio is known for giving inmates old-fashioned, black-and-white-striped uniforms, making some of them live in tents and reinstituting chain gangs, even for women. "I'm an equal incarcerator," Arpaio said of Barkley, who will be sleeping in one of the tents. "We don't discriminate." He said Barkley has been "a gentleman, cordial." "He's taking his medicine," Arpaio said. "I hope that something comes out of this." In a free-wheeling news conference, Barkley spoke out against drunken driving, made some observations about President Obama ("Rush Limbaugh and a lot of jackasses are giving him a hard time right now") and commented on felony charges singer Chris Brown faces for allegedly beating his girlfriend, singer Rhianna.  Watch Barkley speak at news conference » . "I wish both of them the best, but it's never acceptable to hit a woman. Period," Barkley said. Barkley wore a red-and-blue sweatsuit, not the black-and-white stripes that other inmates -- who watched the news conference through a chain-link fence --were wearing. Barkley said it's because he's on the jail's work-release program, and bristled at questions about it. "None of the work-release people do that," he said. "But if y'all really, really want to put me as low as I can go, I can do that and make you feel better. "I know when [someone is] famous, you like to see people humiliated." Arpaio, who joked with Barkley over the pink underwear he routinely issues inmates, held up a copy of his 1996 book, "America's Toughest Sheriff." On its back cover, alongside endorsements by Limbaugh, Arizona Sen. John McCain and others, is one from Barkley. "This man, Sheriff Joe Arpaio, is a role model for all Americans," Barkley wrote in the blurb. Barkley is a basketball commentator for TNT, which like CNN is a Time Warner company. A star for the Philadelphia 76ers and Phoenix Suns, Barkley was named the NBA's Most Valuable Player in 1993 and inducted into its Hall of Fame in 2006.
highlights: Charles Barkley begins serving 3-day jail sentence in Maricopa County, Arizona . The jailer is the sheriff whose autobiography Barkley endorsed 12 years ago . Barkley speaks out against drunken driving during topically diverse news conference . "He's taking his medicine," Sheriff Joe Arpaio says of his famous inmate .
id: 1b6b366433a53d03c661f099c875b53b7f8f0312
chatgpt: Former NBA star Charles Barkley has begun serving a three-day jail sentence in Maricopa County, Arizona. The jailer for this particular stint is none other than the sheriff whose autobiography Barkley endorsed 12 years ago. These circumstances add a unique twist to what would be an otherwise unremarkable story.  As he spoke to reporters before heading to his cell, Barkley made a point of condemning drunk driving. This topic is of particular importance in Arizona, where alcohol-related accidents and fatalities are all too common. Barkley's remarks were topical in the sense that they touched on a major issue facing the state.  "He's taking his medicine," Sheriff Joe Arpaio said of Barkley. This quote serves as a reminder that even celebrities are held accountable for their actions. Barkley's jail sentence comes after he was arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence in December of 2008. He pled guilty to the charge in court.  As a public figure, Barkley's time behind bars is sure to generate a lot of attention. However, it is the unique circumstances surrounding his sentence that make this story particularly intriguing. Arpaio's autobiography, which Barkley endorsed in 2009, paints the sheriff as a controversial figure -- one who is seen as both a hero and a villain by different segments of the population. Knowing this, it seems especially noteworthy that Barkley will be spending time in his jail.  For his part, Barkley seems to be taking all of this in stride. As he was processed into the facility, he smiled and waved to reporters. It was only after he had been escorted to his cell that he spoke out against drunk driving.  It is yet to be seen how the public will respond to Barkley's jail sentence. What is clear, however, is that this story has a lot of layers. From Barkley's public stances to Arpaio's past controversies, there are many topics at play here. All told, this is sure to be a story that generates a lot of conversation in the coming days.  As the media continues to cover Barkley's sentence, it will be interesting to hear more about his experiences in Maricopa County Jail. It is rare for a celebrity to spend time in such a facility, and it could offer some insight into the broader issue of inmate rights. Many will be watching closely to see how Barkley is treated while behind bars, and whether his outspoken perspectives continue to be heard throughout the ordeal.  In the end, Barkley's jail sentence serves as a reminder that even the most famous among us are not above the law. It is a sobering thought, but an important one to remember nonetheless. And as the state of Arizona continues to grapple with the issue of drunk driving, Barkley's words may ultimately serve as a call to action for residents across the state. Whether this story will be remembered as a cautionary tale or a flash in the pan remains to be seen, but it is sure to captivate audiences in the meantime.