article: (CNN) -- Two New York residents have been arrested on charges of conspiring to send aid to terrorist groups in Afghanistan, New York City officials said Thursday. Humayoun Ghoulan Nabi, 27, and Ismail Alsarabbi, 32, are charged with conspiring to solicit aid in support of terrorist organizations -- including the Taliban and al Qaeda -- fighting American troops in Afghanistan. Nabi, a Pakistani national, and Alsarabbi, a naturalized U.S. citizen from Kuwait, allegedly planned to supply warm winter clothing and electronics to militants in the region to ensure their attacks can continue during harsh Afghan winters, according to the Queens County District Attorney's office. Queens District Attorney Richard. A. Brown said winter jackets and electronics were "as serious as supplying the enemy with bullets and bombs." "These defendants, as a result, were not merely conspiring to supply clothing items to people in Afghanistan, they were conspiring to make the enemy more effective in engaging and killing American soldiers," said Brown, in a press release. According to the complaint, Nabi admitted to engaging in a plan to provide outerwear and jackets to fighters in Afghanistan because he hates the United States, Jewish people and U.S. soldiers. "The arrests of these two New York City residents, Nabi and Alsarabbi, demonstrate the spectrum of terrorism threats that the New York City Police Department must continue to guard against," said New York Police Department Commissioner Raymond Kelly in a statement. The investigation began in April 2011 when a confidential informant approached an NYPD detective and told him about Nabi's plans, the complaint says. The informant said Nabi compared his efforts to those of Osama Bin Laden and stated that the governments in Muslim countries cannot be trusted to stand up for pious Muslims, according to the complaint. Nabi told the informant he wanted to take a stand. According to the complaint, Alsarabbi and Nabi took money given by the NYPD to the informant and sent it to Lahore, Pakistan. From recorded conversation it was determined the money was sent to Nabi's father for "merchandise to Afghanistan," the complaint states. Both men were arraigned on Tuesday in Queens Criminal Court and held on $500,000 bond. The next hearing date is set for October 25, the district attorney's office said. Nabi and Alsarabbi are charged with soliciting or providing support for an act of terrorism and conspiracy. If convicted on all counts, they face up to seven years behind bars. CNN was unable to reach Nabi's and Alsarabbi's attorneys on Thursday.
highlights: Pakistani national and U.S. naturalized citizen accused of plan to aid terrorists . Humayoun Ghoulan Nabi and Ismail Alsarabbi face seven years behind bars . Nabi admitted to doing it because he hates the U.S., Jewish people and U.S. soldiers . Queen's district attorney compares these supplies to "bullets and bombs"
id: 41767c59f26bb2a922d7fdd253499959bed12980
chatgpt: A Pakistani national and U.S. naturalized citizen are facing up to seven years behind bars after they were accused of planning to provide material support for terrorists. Humayoun Ghoulan Nabi and Ismail Alsarabbi, both residents of New York, were arrested following an investigation by the FBI Joint Terrorism Task Force. According to court documents, Nabi admitted to planning to provide money, equipment, and personnel to overseas terrorist groups. He allegedly told an FBI informant that he wanted to help terrorists because he hates the United States, Jewish people, and U.S. soldiers. Prosecutors say Nabi and Alsarabbi purchased supplies such as backpacks, solar panels, and high-tech gear in order to aid terrorist organizations overseas. Queens District Attorney Melinda Katz compared their actions to providing "bullets and bombs" to terrorists. "Financial support and supplies for terrorist groups overseas are just as dangerous as weapons," Katz said in a statement. "This case should serve as a warning to anyone who seeks to aid and abet terrorism." Nabi reportedly told the FBI informant that he had connections to terrorist organizations overseas, and that he had previously provided financial support to them. He also said that he had visited Pakistan several times, and had received military training there. Alsarabbi, who is a legal permanent resident of the United States, is accused of helping Nabi to obtain the supplies and equipment that he needed to support terrorist groups overseas. Both men have been charged with attempting to provide material support to a foreign terrorist organization. The case has raised concerns about the threat of homegrown terrorism in the United States. In recent years, there have been a number of cases in which U.S. citizens or legal residents have been arrested for attempting to provide material support to terrorist organizations overseas. As the investigation into Nabi and Alsarabbi continues, the U.S. Justice Department has warned that it will continue to aggressively pursue those who seek to support terrorism. In a statement, Assistant Attorney General for National Security John Demers said: "Today's charges serve as a solemn reminder that the Department of Justice remains vigilant in our efforts to identify, disrupt and hold accountable those who seek to provide material support to foreign terrorist organizations."