article: (CNN) -- Film and television actor Ernest Borgnine, who won an Academy Award for his portrayal of a lovelorn butcher in 1955's "Marty," has died at age 95, his manager said Sunday. The thick-set, gap-toothed Borgnine built a reputation for playing heavies in early films like "From Here to Eternity" and "Bad Day at Black Rock." But he turned that reputation on its head as the shy, homely title character in "Marty," taking home the Oscar for best actor -- one of four awards the film claimed. 1955 Oscars: A year of firsts . His manager, Lynda Bensky, said Borgnine died of kidney failure Sunday afternoon. His wife, Tova, and children were at his side at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles, she said. "It's a very sad day," Bensky said. "The industry has lost someone great, the caliber of which we will never see again. A true icon. But more importantly, the world has lost a sage and loving man who taught us all how to 'grow young.' His infectious smile and chuckle made the world a happier place." Born in Connecticut to Italian immigrants, Borgnine -- originally Ermes Effron Borgnino -- began taking theater classes after serving in the Navy during World War II. Some things you may not know about Ernest Borgnine . He had joined the service after graduating from high school during the Great Depression and had been discharged in 1941, but re-enlisted after the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor launched the United States into World War II. He made the move to films and then television in 1951, racking up more than 200 credits in projects ranging from the era of live television drama to the children's cartoon "SpongeBob SquarePants." He starred in the 1962-66 sitcom "McHale's Navy," was one of the original celebrities on the game show "The Hollywood Squares" and played William Holden's right-hand-man in Sam Peckinpah's revisionist Western "The Wild Bunch." He also was a regular on the 1980s television drama "Airwolf" and a frequent guest star on a variety of shows. In addition to his Oscar for "Marty," Borgnine was nominated for three Emmys -- the most recent in 2009, for a guest spot on the hospital drama "ER" -- and won a life achievement award from the Screen Actors Guild in 2010. Tova Borgnine, whom the actor married in 1973, was his fifth wife. His previous marriages included a brief 1964 union with Broadway legend Ethel Merman that lasted barely a month before the couple separated. People we've lost in 2012: The lives they lived . CNN's Douglas Hyde contributed to this report.
highlights: NEW: Borgnine died of kidney failure in Los Angeles, his manager says . Borgnine won an Academy Award for 1955's "Marty" He went on to television stardom in the 1960s in the comedy "McHale's Navy" One of Borgnine's late-in-life credits was the cartoon "SpongeBob SquarePants"
id: 8dc77adc9151dc1c77050c61d725a081bd370f6a
chatgpt: Emmy-winning actor Ernest Borgnine, best known for his Academy Award-winning performance in "Marty," has died at the age of 95. His manager, Lynda Bensky, confirmed that Borgnine passed away of kidney failure on Sunday in Los Angeles. Borgnine's career spanned over six decades and he appeared in more than 100 films and numerous TV shows. He was part of the golden age of Hollywood and worked alongside legendary actors such as Spencer Tracy, Burt Lancaster, and Frank Sinatra.  In 1955, Borgnine won the Best Actor Oscar for his portrayal of a lonely butcher in the romantic drama "Marty." The film was hailed for its realistic portrayal of working-class life and the power of love.  Borgnine also found success on television in the 1960s with the sitcom "McHale's Navy," which aired for four seasons. He played the titular character, Lieutenant Commander Quinton McHale, who leads a bunch of misfits on a Navy PT boat during World War II. The show was a huge hit and cemented Borgnine's reputation as a versatile actor who could handle both drama and comedy.  In the later years of his career, Borgnine took on voice acting roles and became known to a new generation of fans as the voice of Mermaid Man in the popular Nickelodeon cartoon "SpongeBob SquarePants." Mermaid Man was a retired superhero who lived in a retirement home with his sidekick, Barnacle Boy. Borgnine voiced the character from 1999 until 2012, when he retired due to health issues.  The news of Borgnine's death has sparked an outpouring of tributes from fellow actors and fans. Many have praised his talent, generosity, and warm personality.  "Heartbroken by the loss of my Uncle Ernie. I am so blessed to have had him in my life," tweeted Michael J. Fox.  "Ernest Borgnine was a precious jewel of a man. We shared a lot of laughs and loved making movies together. He truly will be missed," said Tim Conway.  Borgnine's legacy will live on through his memorable performances and the impact he had on the entertainment industry. He was a true legend who will be greatly missed.