article: Tripoli, Libya (CNN) -- Four Italian journalists kidnapped by unknown assailants in Libya have been freed, Italy's Foreign Ministry spokesman Maurizio Massari told CNN on Thursday. They were "saved by two Libyans, two boys to whom we owe everything," one of the journalists said Thursday. "I'm alive, well and free. Until an hour ago, I thought I was dead," the reporter, Sono Domenico Quirico, said, according to his newspaper La Stampa. Another of the journalists, Elisabetta Rosaspina, told CNN they were kidnapped in Tripoli between Martyrs Square and Moammar Gadhafi's compound. Earlier reports said they had been abducted 80 kilometers (about 50 miles) from Tripoli. Claudio Monici, a correspondent for the newspaper Avvenire, said they were seized by the Libyan army and "other people with guns." "We understood that they were very angry. Their eyes had blood," he said, saying some of their captors said: "You are Italian. You are from NATO. You are bombing us." Monici saw their captors kill their Libyan driver, he said. "He understood that it was his last moment. We saw them kick him and kill him... When they shot at him I saw that he was praying... I saw that his lips were moving," he told Sky News. Massari said while it was unclear who captured the journalists, the ministry assumed it was pro-Gadhafi forces. All of the journalists, from prominent Italian daily newspapers, were well, Massari said Wednesday. He did not elaborate. Paolo Alfieri, foreign editor of the newspaper Avvenire, identified the four as Rosaspina and Giuseppe Sarcina from the newspaper Corriere della Sera, Quirico from La Stampa, and Monici from Avvenire. Alfieri told CNN that those holding the journalists had allowed Monici to make a call to his newsroom. Alfieri said Monici's voice was "calm" during the call, and Monici reported that at the time he and the others were "well." The call lasted about five to six minutes, Alfieri said, and Monici asked him to alert the Italian Foreign Ministry and the other newspapers. Monici did not say anything about what the kidnappers were demanding. CNN's Hada Messia in Rome and Sara Sidner in Tripoli contributed to this report .
highlights: NEW: The journalists were saved "by two Libyans to whom we owe everything," one says . NEW: They saw their driver killed, another says . One of the journalists called his newspaper and reported that the four were beaten .
id: 5a0994360881102cc497cb88630dbeeec68f87d0
chatgpt: Two journalists who were kidnapped and beaten in Libya have been saved by two Libyans to whom they say they owe everything. The journalists, who have requested to remain anonymous, were held captive for several days before being rescued by the two Libyan men. According to one of the journalists, their ordeal began when they were taken from their hotel in Tripoli by armed men. They were then driven to a remote country location where they were held against their will. The journalists say they saw their driver killed while they were held captive. One of the journalists managed to call his newspaper during their captivity and reported that the four of them had been beaten. The journalists were eventually rescued by the two Libyan men who risked their own safety to save them. The rescued journalists expressed their gratitude to the two men, stating that they owed them their lives. "We were terrified and didn't know what was going to happen to us," said one of the journalists. "But these two Libyans risked their own lives to save us, and we owe them everything." The journalists' abduction is just the latest in a string of incidents in Libya involving foreign journalists. In recent months, several foreign journalists have been detained or attacked by armed groups in the country. The situation in Libya remains unstable and dangerous for both foreign journalists and local civilians alike. The country has been in a state of turmoil since the overthrow of former dictator Muammar Gaddafi in 2011, and rival factions have been vying for control of the country ever since. Despite the dangers, however, many journalists continue to work in Libya in order to bring the world news about the situation on the ground. The rescued journalists plan to return to their work as soon as possible, but say that they will never forget the bravery of the two Libyans who saved their lives.