article: (CNN)"Transformers" may not do well at the Oscars, but the Razzies love movies about the Earth-destroying contraptions. "Transformers: Age of Extinction," the fourth chapter in Michael Bay's ear-splitting explosion-fest, led all films with seven Golden Raspberry Award nominations, which go out to the worst films and performances of the year. Bay received a nomination for worst director, and the film picked up nominations for worst screenplay, worst supporting actor (Kelsey Grammer, a nod that also lumped in his performances in "The Expendables 3," "Legends of Oz" and "Think Like a Man Too") and worst screen combo ("any two robots, actors or robotic actors"). It's not the first time a "Transformers" has vied for the top -- or bottom -- spot. "Transformers: Dark of the Moon" was nominated for worst picture of 2011, and "Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen" won the big prize as 2009's bottom of the cinematic barrel. Close behind "Age of Extinction" (styled "Age of Ex-STINK-tion" in the news release) were "Kirk Cameron's Saving Christmas" and "The Legend of Hercules," both of which received six nominations. Cameron, the former "Growing Pains" star, received a worst actor and worst screen combo nomination. The latter went to "Kirk Cameron & His Ego." Also doing well: Seth MacFarlane, who was nominated for worst actor and worst screen combo (with Charlize Theron) for his "A Million Ways to Die in the West." The Razzies are trying to be forgiving this year, however. There's a new category, the Razzie Redeemer Award, for former winners who have gone on to better things. This year's nominees are Ben Affleck, Jennifer Aniston, Mike Myers, Keanu Reeves and Kristen Stewart. The Razzies are chosen by 757 members of the Golden Raspberry Awards Foundation. However, the Razzie Redeemer Award will be open to voting by the public through RottenTomatoes.com. The awards ceremony will be held February 21 -- the night before the Oscars -- at Hollywood's Montalban Theatre.
highlights: "Transformers: Age of Extinction" has seven Razzie nominations . Kirk Cameron is nominated for worst screen combo with "his ego"
id: d8971ee7583f0b7f194c035b1f6926eb57ed636c
chatgpt: The annual Golden Raspberry Awards, also known as the Razzies, have returned to highlight some of the worst of Hollywood for the year. In the lead with an impressive seven nominations is "Transformers: Age of Extinction." The fourth film in Michael Bay's "Transformers" franchise was critically panned for its lack of originality and excessive length. Not far behind is actor Kirk Cameron, nominated for worst screen combo with "his ego." Cameron, a former child star turned evangelical Christian, has been criticized for his controversial views and outspokenness, particularly on the subjects of LGBT rights and the role of women in society. This is not the first time Cameron has been nominated for a Razzie, having previously been acknowledged for his work on the films "Fireproof" and "Saving Christmas." Other notable nominees include Johnny Depp for worst actor in "Transcendence" and "The Lone Ranger," and Adam Sandler for worst actor in "Blended." Sandler's film also earned a nomination for worst screenplay. The Razzies was founded in 1981 as a tongue-in-cheek response to the Oscars, highlighting the worst in film instead of the best. While it is often seen as a humorous event, some stars have expressed embarrassment and disappointment over their nominations. In 2014, Sandra Bullock famously accepted her Razzie for worst actress for her role in "All About Steve," appearing in person to receive the award and acknowledging the poor quality of the film. This year's ceremony will take place on February 21, 2015, the night before the Academy Awards. While some may see it as a night of mockery, the Razzies are a reminder that even some of the biggest names in Hollywood are not immune to criticism and bad films. Will "Transformers: Age of Extinction" and Kirk Cameron take home the dubious awards, or will other contenders emerge victorious? Only time will tell.