article: (CNN) -- Roberto Mancini has signed a new five-year contract with Manchester City after guiding the club to their first English title for 44 years. The Italian oversaw a gripping finale to the Premier League season when two injury time goals in City's last match of the campaign saw them pip rivals Manchester United to the championship. The former Inter Milan manager has now committed his future to the club until 2017. "I am delighted to be able to give all of my efforts to Manchester City for a further five years," Mancini told the club's official website. Manchester City win Premier League title in thrilling finale . "The opportunity which exists to build on our recent success is enormous. Manchester City is a fantastic football club, from the owner, chairman, board and the executive team, through to the players, staff and fans. "I am very much looking forward to the challenges and excitement ahead." Mancini was appointed in December 2009 after the club sacked Mark Hughes, and has been afforded millions to spend in the transfer market by the club's oil-rich owners. Players like Yaya Toure, David Silva, Mario Balotelli and Sergio Aguero have all arrived for multi-million dollar fees and helped the club to their first major trophy in 2011, when they won the English FA Cup. It was a goal from Argentina striker Aguero that confirmed their dramatic Premier League victory in the final game of last season against Queens Park Rangers, now managed by Hughes. It marked a shift in power in the Premier League as Mancini and his team finally toppled Manchester United, who have a record 20 English titles to their name. City's interim chief executive officer, John MacBeath, said of the deal: "Roberto's managerial credentials have been well proven in Europe for many years. "In leading a team which has won the FA Cup and an unforgettable Premier League title in successive seasons, his ability to manage in the English domestic game is also undisputed. "This new agreement allows Roberto to focus on the challenge of guiding a team which is capable not only of defending the Premier League title, but one which can compete for European honors." City begin the defense of their Premier League title with a home game against newly-promoted Southampton on August 19.
highlights: Roberto Mancini signs a new five-year contract with Manchester City . Italian manager led City to their first English Premier League title last season . Mancini joined the club in December 2009 after Mark Hughes' sacking .
id: 171895e25f0de7efc3c118b2719c88436c8638f1
chatgpt: Manchester City has secured the services of Roberto Mancini, as the Italian manager has put pen to paper on a new five-year contract. The announcement comes as no surprise, given Mancini's accomplishments with the club so far. Mancini joined Manchester City back in December 2009, shortly after the club sacked Mark Hughes. Since then, he has taken the Citizens to new heights, leading them to their first English Premier League title last season. Last year, Mancini's Manchester City team finished the Premier League campaign with an impressive 89 points, edging out arch-rivals Manchester United on goal difference. The title triumph marked a historic moment in the club's history, as they had not won the top-flight since 1968. The new contract for Mancini shows a long-term commitment from the club to the manager, and it is believed to be worth around £37m. City's owners recognize Mancini's ability to turn them into a team that can challenge for domestic and European honors and believes this new contract will help achieve that. When asked about his signed new deal, Mancini said: “I am delighted to be able to continue my work at Manchester City Football Club," he said. "The club has a clear vision for success both on and off the pitch and I am committed to continuing to help the club achieve its goals." Mancini can now focus on building a squad that can challenge not only for the Premier League but also the Champions League. The club has already made moves in the transfer market this summer, signing the likes of Fernandinho and Jesus Navas. City is also reportedly keen to add striker Edinson Cavani to their ranks, with talks ongoing between the two clubs. Cavani has been in phenomenal form for Napoli over the past couple of seasons, scoring 38 goals in all competitions last season alone. If City can land the Uruguayan, it would provide an added dimension to their already potent attack, with Sergio Aguero, Carlos Tevez, and Edin Dzeko all vying for starting spots. Mancini faces a fresh challenge this season, as he will need to juggle the club's domestic and European campaigns, but he has shown in the past that he has the tactical nous to do so successfully. Given his track record at City so far, it's safe to say that there are exciting times ahead for the Premier League champions.