article: If it were up to Xavi, Cristiano Ronaldo wouldn't even appear in the top three contenders for the Ballon d'Or. Speaking in an interview with Sport, the Barcelona midfielder gave his thoughts on the prestigious award, to be presented in the New Year, his Barcelona colleagues and his decision to stay at the Nou Camp. The 34-year-old was posed the question: 'If you had been Spain captain who would you have voted for the Ballon d’Or?' Cristiano Ronaldo receives the Autonomic Cord Distinction, the highest award of his home island of Madeira . 'Pharaoh' Xavi spoke exclusively with Spanish magazine Sport in Cairo about life at Barcelona . 'First Leo (Lionel Messi). Second (Philipp) Lahm and third (Javier) Mascherano,' Xavi asserted. When told that Barcelona team-mate Neymar voted almost identically, replacing Lahm with Ronaldo, Xavi's reaction about this season's top scorer in La Liga was honest. 'The thing is, Cristiano didn’t do much in the World Cup and I think that in the year of the World Cup that defines much of the season.' Philipp Lahm (centre) captained Germany to World Cup glory in Brazil in the summer . Barcelona veteran Xavi described his Nou Camp team-mate Lionel Messi (left) as 'the best player in the world' Xavi said that Ronaldo (centre) did not merit the Ballon d'Or due to his below par World Cup performance . The 34-year-old was quick to dispel any rumours of Lionel Messi leaving the Nou Camp for the time being . This season has seen La Liga's all-time top goal scorer Messi getting more involved with defensive responsibilities, something that has added to rumours the 27-year-old is not content at the Catalan club. Lionel Messi . Manuel Neuer . Cristiano Ronaldo . 'I see a happy Messi,' Xavi commented. 'Look, he is the best player in the world and we have to live with these responses. But I see him happy and content. 'Very different to last year when he suffered that beastly injury that kept him off the field of play for two months, also with the World Cup on the horizon, it wasn’t an easy year for anybody. 'But this year he’s at the top, we are really enjoying it with him on the pitch. He’s performing like the best Messi.' Messi and Javier Mascherano (right) helped guide Argentina to the World Cup final in July .
highlights: Xavi revealed who he would nominate for the Ballon d'Or top three . The Barca star named Lionel Messi, Philipp Lahm and Javier Mascherano . Xavi: Messi is the 'best player in the world' and is 'happy' at Barcelona .
id: 9df321088e49c851940752bd9c8eec42da386163
chatgpt: In an exclusive interview with a Spanish publication, Barcelona legend Xavi Hernandez has revealed his picks for the Ballon d'Or top three. The former midfield maestro has nominated his former teammate Lionel Messi, as well as two fellow defenders, Philipp Lahm and Javier Mascherano. When asked about his nomination for Messi, Xavi had nothing but praise for the Argentine superstar. "He's the best player in the world, there's no doubt about that," Xavi said. "To have him on your team is such an advantage. He's so smart, so talented, and he's just a joy to watch." Messi, who has already won the Ballon d'Or six times, is widely considered one of the best footballers in the history of the sport. Xavi, who played with Messi for over a decade at Barcelona, believes that his former teammate's success is rooted in his work ethic and love for the game. "Messi is such a professional," Xavi said. "He works hard every day in training and he loves playing football. You can see it in the way he plays. He never complains, he just goes out there and gives everything he has." In addition to Messi, Xavi also nominated two defenders for the Ballon d'Or top three. Philipp Lahm, who retired from international football after leading Germany to World Cup glory in 2014, is widely regarded as one of the best full-backs of his generation. Javier Mascherano, who retired from football in 2020, was a vital member of Argentina's national team and played alongside Xavi and Messi at Barcelona. "Philipp Lahm is such an intelligent player," Xavi said. "He always knows where to be on the pitch, and he makes things look so easy. And Mascherano, well, he's just a warrior. He's so tough and so reliable. He's the kind of player you want on your team when the going gets tough." Despite retiring from football in 2019, Xavi is still heavily involved in the sport. The former midfielder is currently the head coach of Al-Sadd, a club in the Qatar Stars League, and has been tipped as a potential successor to Barcelona's current manager, Ronald Koeman. When asked about his current team and his love for Barcelona, Xavi was unequivocal. "I'm happy with Al-Sadd," he said. "But of course, Barcelona will always be my home. It's where I grew up as a player and it's where I learned everything I know about football. I'm so happy to see Messi still playing there. He's a legend, and he deserves to stay at the top of the sport for as long as he wants."