article: (CNN) -- It looks like there will not be a shortage of iPhone 5s this holiday season, with plenty of the devices for all carriers in stock at stores around the U.S. Analyst Gene Munster of Piper Jaffray said in a note to investors Thursday that Apple Stores have enough phones physically in stock that "consumers can walk into an Apple Store and walk out with a phone." The iPhone 5 went on sale September 14, selling 5 million units over its first weekend. The device has been plagued by rumors of supply chain problems since then. There were labor strikes at the Foxconn plant where the phones are manufactured, and Foxconn chairman Terry Gou said the devices were not easy to make and that, "We are falling short of meeting the huge demand." If Munster's conclusions are correct, Apple and its supply chain partners have overcome those problems in time for the December rush. Munster conducted a survey of 20 Apple Stores to check on their stocks of Verizon, Sprint and AT&T iPhone 5s, and AppleInsider said it confirmed the availability with local Apple Stores. Earlier in the month, Piper Jaffray called 70 Apple Stores and concluded that there were lower supplies of AT&T and Verizon iPhone 5s, though Sprint models were increasingly available. The firm also conducted a poll earlier this month and found that demand for the device was strong in the U.S., with 55% of people planning to buy a smartphone choosing an iPhone 5 over rival devices. Apple isn't the only smartphone manufacturer to struggle with supplies recently. Google's Nexus 4 Android handset sold out in one day when it went on sale November 13 in Australia, the UK and United States. But on Tuesday, the company announced a new wave of devices were in stock and available for purchase. Google is not releasing sales numbers for the Nexus 4. Samsung's Galaxy S III has also been selling fast across the U.S. According to Strategy Analytics, the Galaxy S III was the top selling smartphone in the world in the third quarter of 2012, knocking the iPhone out of the top spot for the first time in years. The iPhone 5 wasn't yet on sale, so the race for top smartphone of 2013 is still up in the air.
highlights: Apple Stores have healthy supplies of iPhone 5s, analysts say . There was concern that supply chain issues would mean a shortage . Competing devices from Google, Samsung also in high demand for holidays .
id: 37524b5667bc7220fe38afe153b0fcab8fdd0116
chatgpt: Apple Stores across the globe have an ample supply of the iPhone 5s despite concerns on shortage caused by supply chain issues according to analysts. This news comes at a perfect time for the holidays where consumers are on the hunt for the latest and greatest devices. While concerns over supply chain issues causing a shortage of the iPhone 5s were previously raised, it appears that Apple has managed to avoid such a fate. The highly sought-after device is expected to perform well during the holidays where consumers are more likely to purchase new gadgets. However, Apple is not the only company reaping the benefits of the holiday shopping season. Rival companies, Google and Samsung, are also experiencing an increase in demand for their devices. The competition between these tech giants is heating up as they all compete for a slice of the market share. The Google Pixel 2 and Samsung Galaxy S8 are amongst the popular devices making their mark in the market. Both have received high praise from consumers and tech experts alike, boosting their popularity in the holiday shopping season. While Apple may have healthy supplies of iPhone 5s, analysts speculate that the competition from Google and Samsung may pose a threat to the company's market share. Both companies have cemented themselves as major players in the industry and it remains to be seen if Apple can continue to hold its own against its competitors. Regardless of the competition, however, it is clear that the holiday season is a lucrative time for tech companies. Consumers are always on the lookout for the latest and greatest gadgets to gift to themselves or their loved ones. With healthy supplies of the iPhone 5s and other in-demand devices, tech companies can expect a boost in sales during this festive season. In conclusion, Apple Stores have managed to avoid a shortage of the iPhone 5s despite earlier concerns. While the company faces competition from other tech giants such as Google and Samsung, the holiday season remains a lucrative time for all players in the industry. As consumers continue to hunt for the latest and greatest devices, tech companies can expect to boost their sales and increase their market share.