article: By . Louise Boyle . PUBLISHED: . 09:25 EST, 25 March 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 17:21 EST, 25 March 2013 . A man has been charged with murder after he allegedly shot dead his wife and critically wounded her lover when he found the pair together at the man's home. Larry Maples, 44, of Ben Wheeler, was charged with capital murder and being held at the Van Zandt County jail in east Texas on Sunday. Heather Maples, 34, was pronounced dead at a home in Canton, 60 miles east of Dallas, according to Sheriff Lindsey Ray. Scroll down for video . 'Love triangle': Larry Maples, 44, (pictured right) has been charged with murder after allegedly shooting dead his wife Heather (left) at her lover's home in Texas on Sunday . 'Lovers': Heather Maples and Moses Clemente were allegedly both shot by Mrs Maples estranged husband . Moses Clemente, 47, was shot in the abdomen. He is in critical condition at Trinity Mother Frances hospital but is expected to recover. The shooting occurred at 6am on Sunday after Maples saw his wife's vehicle at the home and entered through an unlocked door. Maples called 911 after the shooting to tell police he had shot his wife and her boyfriend. Heather Maples and Clemente had a relationship before she married Larry Maples, authorities said. Sheriff Ray told Kltv: 'This is a senseless murder that will no doubt affect many people in our community, especially his family, and my heart goes out to this family.' Charged: Maples is being held at Van Zandt County jail after the early morning shooting on Sunday . Tragedy: Heather Maples, 34, who is believed to be a mother-of-four, was pronounced dead at the scene from a gunshot wound . Authorities said that after seeing . his wife's car, Maples parked down the street and walked back to the . small home, entering around the back through an unlocked door. Sheriff Ray added: 'We believe he found the couple in a bedroom in the home and they were started by him.' Heather Maples' family said that the married couple had recently split up. On his Facebook page, Larry Maples stated that he got married in November 2012. Estranged: Family of Heather Maples said that she and husband Larry had recently split up . Ambush: Maples allegedly drove by the home in Canton, 60 miles east of Dallas, and saw his wife's car outside .
highlights: Larry Maples, 44, being held at Van Zandt County jail, Texas . Maples allegedly shot dead his wife Heather, 34, a mother-of-four . 'Boyfriend' Moses Clemente, 47, shot in abdomen but expected to recover .
id: e2cde78faad9b3edc4aea0b5a594813af07eb4ca
chatgpt: A shocking incident occurred in Van Zandt County, Texas, as a man identified as Larry Maples, 44, was arrested and charged with allegedly shooting his wife Heather, 34. Heather was a mother of four and her untimely death has left the entire community devastated. Reports suggest that Maples and Heather had been having domestic issues for some time. The incident occurred on Tuesday evening in the couple's home, located in the small town of Van, Texas. According to the preliminary investigation conducted by the local authorities, Maples allegedly shot his wife in cold blood. In what appeared to be a planned attack, Maples also shot his wife's alleged boyfriend, Moses Clemente, 47, who was present in the house at the time of the shooting. Clemente was rushed to the hospital with a gunshot wound to the abdomen but is expected to recover soon. His relationship with Heather remains unclear, and the police are still investigating his involvement in the incident. Though the motive behind the shooting remains unknown, neighbors said that the couple had a long history of disputes and arguments. One neighbor, who wished to remain anonymous, said that they had heard screaming and shouting from the couple's house on several occasions, and the police had previously been called to the residence. Larry Maples is currently being held at the Van Zandt County jail and will soon appear before the court. He has been charged with murder and attempted murder. His bail has been set at $1 million. The tragedy of Heather's death has left the small community of Van, Texas, reeling in shock. She was a well-liked member of the community and had worked at the local grocery store for over a year. Her four children, who were not present during the shooting, are now staying with their grandparents. The police are continuing their investigation into the incident to find out the details of the events that occurred that fateful evening. As of now, the residents of Van, Texas, continue to mourn the loss of a beloved member and are praying for the family to get through this difficult time.