article: (CNN) -- Negotiating teams from Sudan and South Sudan have agreed to end a dispute on oil payments to allow the resumption of southern oil exports through Sudan's territories, Sudan's state-run Ashorooq TV reported early Saturday, citing official sources. The negotiating teams met in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, with the head of the African Union, the state-run TV station said. Both countries still have to discuss when to resume southern oil exports through the north. Sudan's economy has suffered since the separation of South Sudan last year, which took with it nearly 75% of the country's oil wealth. While most of the oil wells are in the south, the pipelines and port to export the oil are in the north. The agreement covers how much the landlocked South Sudan will pay to use those facilities. South Sudan halted oil production in late January after accusing Sudan of stealing $815 million worth of its crude. Sudan said it had confiscated the oil to make up for unpaid fees. The negotiating teams agreed that Sudan will receive $25.80 per barrel that passes through pipelines from the south to the north as an export tax and refining cost, Ashorooq TV reported. The teams are expected to meet later Saturday to discuss territorial disputes. U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton praised the deal Saturday, saying it "reflects leadership and a new spirit of compromise on both sides." "The Government of Sudan deserves credit for taking this step," Clinton said in a statement. "If Sudan would now also take the steps to peace in Southern Kordofan, Blue Nile, and Darfur, and if it will respect the rights of all citizens, it can likewise give its people a brighter future." Border clashes have brought the countries to the brink of war and left South Sudan coping with a massive humanitarian crisis as people flee the fighting. The South Sudan state of Upper Nile has been flooded with refugees crossing the border from Sudan. In total, aid agencies estimate that at least 150,000 refugees from Sudan are currently in South Sudan. Regarding two areas in the Blue Nile and Nubia, the government of Sudan and the Sudan People's Liberation Movement-North, a rebel force in the border region, agreed to a partial cease-fire so humanitarian aid could reach victims of hostilities, the state-run TV station said. CNN's Amir Ahmed contributed to this report.
highlights: NEW: U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton praised the deal Saturday . While most oil wells are in the south, the pipelines and port are in the north . South Sudan halted oil production in January after accusing Sudan of stealing .
id: 036cf9fe7256b75d44b1a5f72f93fd813afbdd8b
chatgpt: U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has praised the recent deal reached between Sudan and South Sudan over oil production. The conflict between the two nations over oil had resulted in South Sudan halting production in January, accusing Sudan of stealing their oil. While most of the oil wells are located in the south, the pipelines and the port to export the oil are located in the north. This had resulted in a tug of war between the two nations over revenue sharing, leading to the halt of production and a  significant loss in revenue for South Sudan. However, recent talks between the two nations held in Ethiopia seem to have yielded some positive results. Clinton has lauded the efforts of both nations in reaching a deal that would allow the resumption of oil production. The deal, according to reports, would see South Sudan pay an undisclosed amount to Sudan for the use of the pipelines to export their oil. This would see production begin to ramp up in the coming weeks. The resumption of oil production is a significant boost to South Sudan's economy, which has been struggling due to the halt. The country relies heavily on oil as a source of revenue, and the halt had led to an economic crisis. With the agreement reached, there is hope that the two nations can move forward and work towards resolving other outstanding issues. These include border disputes, citizenship, and security concerns. The deal has also been welcomed by international players, including the United Nations, which has been pushing for a resolution to the oil conflict. In a statement, the UN Secretary-General, Ban Ki-moon, praised the efforts of both nations in reaching the deal and urged them to continue to work towards a lasting peace. The resumption of oil production is not only significant for South Sudan but also for regional stability. The conflict over oil had the potential to escalate into a full-blown war, which would have had disastrous consequences for the region. The deal reached by Sudan and South Sudan is, therefore, a positive step towards resolving the conflict. It is hoped that both nations can continue to work towards a lasting peace, not just regarding oil production, but also other outstanding issues that have plagued the region for decades.