article: At 16 her gangly beauty saw her become the face of the 1960s. Fifty years on, Twiggy’s still very much in fashion. At 65, the model and Marks & Spencer designer has been named as the latest ambassador for L’Oreal. From face of the 1960s: Twiggy in her heyday (left) ... to face of the 60 somethings, in an M&S design (right) This time her enviable blonde locks will be the focus of the adverts for the brand’s Professionnel line of hair products. Her appointment comes after the French cosmetics giant signed up Dame Helen Mirren, 69, as a representative on a reported £9million deal in October last year. Jane Fonda, 77, has also fronted the company’s campaigns. Actresses Jennifer Lopez, 45, and Andie MacDowell, 56, have also represented the more mature woman. However, much younger celebrities usually star in L’Oreal commercials, such as pop star Cheryl Fernandez-Versini, 31, and actress Blake Lively, 27. Twiggy modelling for the L'Oreal Professionnel line of hair products aged 65 - she also designs for M&S . And, at 65, she is more than twice the age of other celebrity representatives Cheryl and Blake. Twiggy said: ‘I am absolutely delighted. I truly believe in the skill of the professional hairdresser and am so proud to represent the brand. Twiggy with her trademark pixie cut and long, spiky eyelashes pictured in her heyday in the 1960s . 'I hope to inspire women to be confident in their personal style and never to be afraid of trying something new. It is not Twiggy’s first signing for a cosmetics company – she has also been the face of skincare brand Olay. Twiggy was first recruited by M&S to front an ad campaign in 2005 and has also turned her hand to designing her own collections. Twiggy, born Lesley Hornby but given her nickname for her slender build, was one of the world’s first supermodels appearing on the cover of British Vogue and Elle in the 60s. She has also appeared in a number of movies including The Boy Friend (1971) and was briefly a co-presenter of ITV’s This Morning in 2001. Talking about being the face of the Sixties at 16, she told an interviewer: ‘The thing is, when you’re 16, you don’t feel young. 'At the time you think you’re quite grown up. 'It wasn’t until much later, when I had a daughter and she got to be 16, that I looked at her and thought, “Oh my God, I was that young when it happened”. 'It’s amazing, really, that I didn’t go stark raving bonkers.’
highlights: At 16 her gangly beauty saw Twiggy become the face of the 1960s . Now 50 years on she has been named as the latest ambassador for L'Oreal . She will model for the brans'd Professionnel line of hair products . Says she is 'absolutely delighted' and proud to model for the brand .
id: b53e0e43ac3e4dc341ec15d88d3a89960ae96085
chatgpt: Twiggy, the fashion icon who rose to fame as a teenager in the 1960s, has been named as the latest ambassador for L'Oreal. The 66-year-old model, actress and singer shot to fame at the age of 16 due to her "gangly beauty", becoming the face of the swinging 60s. Now, 50 years later, Twiggy is still making headlines in the fashion world, having been selected to model for L'Oreal's Professionnel line of hair products. The announcement of her appointment was made earlier this week, with Twiggy expressing her delight at the news. "I am absolutely delighted to be named an ambassador for L'Oreal," she said. "As someone who has always loved fashion and beauty, it is an honour to be able to represent such an iconic brand." Twiggy's appointment as ambassador for the brand is a testament to her longevity and continuing relevance in the fashion world. Known for her youthful and fresh appearance, she has defied the traditional notion that age is a barrier to beauty and style. "Twiggy is an absolute icon of the fashion world," said a spokesperson for L'Oreal. "She embodies everything that our brand stands for – elegance, sophistication and style. We are thrilled to have her on board as an ambassador for our Professionnel line of hair products." Twiggy's modelling career has spanned more than five decades, during which time she has become a role model to generations of women. She has always been a strong advocate for ageing gracefully, encouraging women to embrace their natural beauty and to focus on looking and feeling their best at any age. Her appointment as ambassador for L'Oreal is an indication of the brand's commitment to promoting a positive and inclusive image of beauty. The brand has long been associated with glamorous and sophisticated women, and Twiggy's appointment sends a powerful message that beauty and style are not limited to a specific age group or demographic. "I am proud to be modelling for L'Oreal, a brand that has always been synonymous with beauty and elegance," said Twiggy. "I am thrilled to be able to represent the brand and to encourage women everywhere to look and feel their best, at any age and in any way they choose." Twiggy's appointment as ambassador for L'Oreal is a milestone in her enduring career, and a proof of her unwavering ability to inspire and empower women of all ages. As she continues to be a role model to women everywhere, Twiggy is sure to remain at the forefront of the fashion industry for years to come.