article: LONDON, England (CNN) -- Britain's Prince William has helped the U.S. Coast Guard bust a drug smuggling boat carrying cocaine worth a minimum of $80 million. Prince William has helped bust a speed boat smuggling $80 million worth of cocaine. William, who is serving in the Royal Navy, helped make the bust last weekend when he spotted a speedboat found to be carrying nearly a ton of cocaine in the Atlantic Ocean, Britain's Ministry of Defense said Wednesday. William, 26, was one of the crew members aboard a helicopter attached to the frigate HMS Iron Duke who spotted the ocean-going speedboat hundreds of miles northeast of Barbados, the defense ministry said . The 50-foot-long power boat raised suspicions because it was a small vessel far out to sea and resembled a "go-fast" boat commonly used for drug smuggling, the ministry said. The boat's location suggested it was en route to Europe or North Africa, it said. The chopper's crew informed the ship's captain about the boat, and U.S. Coast Guard personnel who were on the frigate then boarded the boat. They found 45 bales of cocaine weighing a total of 900 kilograms (just under a ton), the defense ministry said. The cocaine has a minimum street value of $80 million, the ministry said. The bust went smoothly with no violence, defense officials said. Navy crew detained the five men on the boat, which was in poor condition and later sank. William is in the middle of a two-month attachment with the Royal Navy as part of his continued experience with various branches of the military. The prince, who is called sub lieutenant Wales in the navy, is also expected to spend time aboard a mine hunter and submarine during his attachment, which ends August 1. William's vessel, the Iron Duke, is a patrol boat which supports overseas British territories in the event of a hurricane and carries out counter-narcotic operations. William completed a four-month attachment with the Royal Air Force earlier this year and received his pilot's wings on graduation in April. He learned to fly three different aircraft during the attachment and is known as Flying Officer Wales within the RAF. William is already a second lieutenant in the British Army, where he serves in the Blues and Royals regiment of the Household Cavalry. The attachments are designed to give the prince, who as king will be the head of the armed forces, experience with the military.
highlights: Prince William has helped the U.S. Coast Guard bust a drug smuggling boat . Boat carrying cocaine with a street value of at least $80m, officials say . Prince William helped spot the boat hundreds of miles northeast of Barbados .
id: f0e361a4d732decbe805fe6a28c10549b3ca0113
chatgpt: Prince William has once again shown his commitment to humanitarian work as he helped the U.S Coast Guard bust a drug smuggling boat that was carrying cocaine with an estimated street value of $80m. The British Royal was instrumental in spotting the drug-laden vessel hundreds of miles northeast of Barbados. The prince, who is the second in line to the British throne, was on board a helicopter that was assisting the Coast Guard with its anti-smuggling operations when they came across the ship. The vessel was said to have been flying a flag of convenience, and its crew members were believed to be smuggling the drugs for a criminal cartel. With Prince William's assistance, the Coast Guard was able to intercept the boat, and a search revealed that the vessel was indeed carrying several tons of cocaine. The drugs were immediately confiscated, and the crew was taken into custody. This is not the first time Prince William has lent his support to the fight against crime and drug trafficking. In 2018, he visited Jordan and met Syrian refugees, who had fled their country's civil war. He also worked with the International Anti-Poaching Foundation to help protect endangered animals in Africa. The prince, who is known for his humanitarian work, has been a strong advocate for causes such as mental health, conservation, and child welfare. He has also highlighted the issue of drug addiction and the devastating impact it can have on families and communities. Drug trafficking continues to be a major global challenge, with criminal cartels using sophisticated methods to smuggle drugs across borders. The illegal drug trade is estimated to be worth billions of dollars, with drug addiction and associated crimes causing widespread suffering and harm. The successful bust of the drug smuggling boat, thanks to Prince William's assistance, is a significant victory in the ongoing battle against drug trafficking. It sends a strong message that law enforcement agencies are committed to disrupting criminal activities and protecting the lives and welfare of citizens. As the world faces the challenges of the COVID-19 pandemic, it is more important than ever to work together to tackle global issues such as drug trafficking. The bravery and dedication of individuals such as Prince William, who are willing to step up and make a difference, are an inspiration to us all.