article: Wigan goalkeeper Ali Al-Habsi has seen Australia goalkeeper Mat Ryan up close - and is in no doubt that he is the man to solve Liverpool's goalkeeping problems. Al-Habsi was Ryan's opposite number as Australia beat Oman 4-0 in the Asian Cup last Tuesday but the result could have turned differently after an astonishing save from Ryan kept out a volley from Raed Salah two minutes into the game. 'He's brilliant,' Al-Habsi raved to FourFourTwo. 'He has been fantastic in the World Cup and here in the Asian Cup.' Mat Ryan earned another supporter by impressing Ali Al-Habsi when Australia played Oman . Al-Habsi believes that Ryan is the answer to Liverpool's goalkeeping problems this season . Liverpool's first-choice stopper Simon Mignolet has appeared bereft of confidence throughout the season and his untidy footwork has hindered the passing movements that Brendan Rodgers likes to see his team build from defence. Brad Jones replaced Mignolet in the side for what was intended to be an indefinite period before sustaining a thigh injury against Burnley during the Christmas fixtures. And with Rodgers enforcing a recruitment policy of young players with great potential, Al-Habsi believes 22-year-old Ryan would be a perfect signing at Anfield. 'He's young, he can only improve and, of course Liverpool is a big club and for him it would be a great chance to make it.' Brad Jones did not impress many people when he replaced Simon Mignolet in the Liverpool team . Mignolet (left) keeps out a fierce strike from Aston Villa striker Christian Benteke (right) Mignolet (right) comes out to punch away a cross into Liverpool's penalty area at Villa Park on Saturday . But Mignolet showed signs of a resurgence in form and belief in Liverpool's 2-0 win at Aston Villa on Saturday. He made a fantastic save to deny Christian Benteke with the score at 1-0, before demonstrating the authority that he has rarely imposed this season by coming out to punch away the type of teasing delivery into the penalty area that has had him scrambling.
highlights: Mat Ryan impressed Ali Al-Habsi as Australia beat Oman 4-0 last week . The Wigan goalkeeper believes  Ryan will get better if he joins Liverpool . Ryan is linked with a move to Anfield from Belgian side Club Brugge . Click here for Liverpool transfer news .
id: d901df339e11b568eb94bdf0f45edf3310d92cd2
chatgpt: Australian goalkeeper Mat Ryan has impressed Oman goalkeeper Ali Al-Habsi as his side beat Oman 4-0 in a match last week. The result was a decisive victory for the Australian side, largely thanks to Ryan's impressive performance in goal. Ryan is currently linked with a move to Liverpool from Belgian side Club Brugge. Speaking about Ryan's abilities, Al-Habsi suggested that joining Liverpool could help Ryan to further develop his skills. "Mat Ryan is a very good goalkeeper," said Al-Habsi. "He made some great saves in the game against Oman, and if he joined Liverpool, I think he would only get better." Ryan has been a key player for Club Brugge in recent years, helping the side to win the Belgian Pro League title in the 2015/16 season. His performances have caught the attention of a number of major European clubs, with Liverpool one of the sides reported to be interested in signing the 29-year-old. Liverpool are currently in the market for a new goalkeeper, with doubts remaining over the long-term future of current number one Alisson Becker. The Brazilian shot-stopper has been linked with a move away from Anfield in the coming years, and the Reds are said to be considering a number of potential replacements. Ryan is thought to be high on Liverpool's list of potential targets, with his agility and shot-stopping abilities making him an attractive proposition for the Premier League champions. The Australian is said to be open to the move, with Liverpool believed to be preparing a bid for his services in the coming weeks. If Ryan does make the move to Anfield, he will be joining one of the most successful clubs in English football history. Liverpool are currently the reigning Premier League champions, and have won the top-flight title a record 19 times in their history. For Ryan, the move would represent a chance to test himself at the highest level of English football, and to compete for silverware on a regular basis. And if Al-Habsi's assessment is correct, Liverpool could be getting a goalkeeper who is already a top-class performer – and who could go on to become even better in the years to come.