article: Philips' SlimStyle light bulb, pictured, promises a comparable brightness to a 60W bulb instantly . Fumbling around in the dark to replace a lightbulb could soon become a thing of the past – or at least a task you only have to carry out every quarter of a century or so. A new flat lightbulb, the world’s first of its kind to go on sale, has been launched by Philips. The company promises its SlimStyle LED bulb is more efficient, less likely to break than other bulbs and will last for 23 years. The bulb has a round shape to the front but is flat when viewed from the side so it is less three-dimensional than we’re used to. It is covered in rubber and has LED lights arranged in a horseshoe shape on the inside. The Dutch electronics manufacturer said it lasts 25 times longer than a traditional 60W incandescent bulb but has a similar output. And unlike some other energy-saving bulbs, it lights up instantly. Existing LED bulbs last for around 10,000 hours, while a halogen lightbulb lasts 1,000 hours. But Philips said the new bulb should last 25,000 hours, which will mean nearly 23 years of use if lit for an average of just under three hours a day. It is claimed that each bulb reduces energy consumption by 85 per cent, bringing electricity savings of £80 over its lifetime. The company said the improvement to energy-efficient lightbulbs – which are often criticised for being more expensive and duller than classic filament bulbs – is down to advances in LED technology. The SlimStyle lightbulb went on sale this week in the US for $10 (£6) and will be made available in Britain if sales are successful. Mike Simpson, technical and design director at Philips UK, said: ‘The new design is expected to make LED lighting more cost-effective for the householder.’ The SlimStyle lamp, pictured, has a lifespan of 25,000 hours, according to Phillips, while a halogen light bulb lasts on average 1,000 hours. The LED light bulb is set to go on sale this month in the U.S. for less than $10 (£6) and come over to the UK if sales are successful .
highlights: Bulb lasts ten times longer than its energy-saving halogen counterpart . The SlimStyle bulb has the same brightness as a traditional 60W bulb . It doesn't flicker and people no longer have to wait for the bulb to 'warm up' It will be sold in the U.S. for less than $10 (£6) and could come to the UK . Philips claims it will save up to $136.13 (£82) in energy costs for life of bulb .
id: 27c44fe080b18554ff7ad80bb596661ff8e4c7d0
chatgpt: Philips, a Dutch multinational technology company, has developed a new light bulb that lasts ten times longer than its energy-saving halogen counterpart. The SlimStyle bulb is set to take the lighting industry by storm, promising not only durability but also enhanced brightness, energy efficiency, and convenience. According to Philips, the SlimStyle bulb has the same brightness as a traditional 60W bulb, meaning that customers can enjoy powerful illumination without sacrificing functionality. In addition, the bulb doesn't flicker and people no longer have to wait for the bulb to 'warm up' before it reaches its maximum brightness. But perhaps the most impressive feature of the SlimStyle bulb is its durability. The bulb's lifespan of up to 23 years means that customers can install it and forget about it, making it a cost-efficient and hassle-free option for busy households. Philips claims that the bulb will save up to $136.13 (£82) in energy costs for the life of the bulb, further bolstering its appeal to eco-conscious consumers. Moreover, the price tag of the SlimStyle bulb is affordable for most households. It will be sold in the U.S. for less than $10 (£6) – a competitive price point for a product with such advanced features. Philips is also considering bringing the SlimStyle bulb to the UK, a move that is sure to excite British consumers. The release of the SlimStyle bulb marks a significant step forward in the lighting industry, particularly in the context of the growing demand for energy efficiency and sustainability. As countries around the world seek to reduce their carbon footprint, innovative solutions like the SlimStyle bulb are likely to become increasingly popular. The success of the SlimStyle bulb will also have broader implications for the industry, potentially paving the way for a greater emphasis on durability, energy efficiency, and convenience. As competition between companies heats up, we can expect to see more and more innovative products like the SlimStyle bulb hitting the market in the coming years. Overall, Philips' new SlimStyle bulb offers a compelling package for customers seeking a long-lasting, energy-efficient, and easy-to-use lighting solution. Its availability at an affordable price point makes it an appealing option for consumers looking to upgrade their existing lighting products without breaking the bank. It will be interesting to see how the SlimStyle bulb is received – and what the future holds for the lighting industry as a whole.