article: By . Kate Lyons . The mother of one of the girls abused by former Hey Dad! actor Robert Hughes has called for an inquiry into why he was not charged by police when she reported his actions almost thirty years ago. The woman has spoken out just days before the 65-year-old actor is due to be sentenced for 10 child sex offences, committed between 1983 and 1991. Her daughter was abused at least three times while visiting Hughes' house on Sydney's north shore. Scroll down for video . Robert Hughes was found guilty of 10 child sex offences last month. The crimes occurred between 1983 and 1991 . On one occasion Hughes forced the girl to lay her head in his lap while he had an erection, under the pretence of administering ear medication to her. On two occasions he made her swim between his legs while his penis was exposed. The woman, who cannot be named, reported Hughes' abuse of her daughter in 1988, when the girl was nine, and her daughter reported the abuse again 10 years later, but both times police told her there was nothing they could do. She told the Sydney Morning Herald of the moment her daughter first spoke of the abuse. 'She crawled up next to me one day and said: "Mummy, the next time Robert rings can you please say I can't go? … Robert makes me sit on his penis and I don't like it,"' she said. The mother of one of Hughes' victims (Hughes is pictured here with his wife Robyn Gardiner) has spoken out about her anger that police did not charge Hughes when she initially reported the abuse in 1988 . The mother reported the abuse to the girl's school a few days later and then made a statement to police. Both the police and the girl's school told her that they were aware of Hughes' reputation but nothing could be done. 'The detective said, "I can't proceed." He was quite distressed. He said, "I've tried to get this guy but every time I do someone covers for him,'" she said. Ten years later the daughter reported the abuse to police, this time in Queensland, but was again told that nothing could be done. The mother said the police's inaction devastated her daughter and meant that Hughes remained free to abuse other girls. 'There were all these horrible things that were done to these other girls after we went to the police,' she said. She added that the recent police investigation, which resulted in Hughes' conviction last month, was conducted with the 'utmost integrity and professionalism', but said an inquiry was necessary to find out why it took so long to bring charges against the actor. Hughes was the star of the popular sitcom Hey Dad! One of his co-stars, Sarah Monahan (bottom left) accused her on-screen father of abuse .
highlights: Girl was abused by Hey Dad! actor, 65, on three occasions in mid-1980s . When she reported the abuse police said nothing could be done . Girl's mother is calling for inquiry into police inaction over the incident . Robert Hughes will be sentenced for 10 child sex offences on Friday .
id: 9b81bd8105c7e7240a9dc0e8e2e988aa9ccb885b
chatgpt: Former Hey Dad! star Robert Hughes will be sentenced on Friday for his role in 10 historic child sex offences. The victims in this case came forward years after the abuse occurred to bring Hughes to justice. However, one victim’s experience was particularly harrowing. A girl who was abused by Hughes on three separate occasions in the mid-1980s bravely reported the abuse to police at the time. Sadly, her allegations went ignored and no action was taken against the actor. Now, the victim’s mother is calling for an inquiry into police inaction over the incident. The girl, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was aged between seven and eleven when the abuse occurred. Despite bravely coming forward with her story, she was left feeling neglected and alone as authorities didn’t take any action against Hughes. The Hey Dad! actor was charged and convicted on 10 child sex offences that occurred between 1984 and 1990. The charges included child sexual assault, indecency and one count of inciting a child to commit an indecent act. The fact that the girl’s allegations against Hughes were ignored speaks to a broader issue of child abuse and the failings of Australia’s justice system. The girl’s mother is now demanding an inquiry into police inaction over the incident, in hopes that other victims will be encouraged to come forward with their own stories of abuse. The Hey Dad! case has been widely publicized for its central role in exposing the prevalence of child abuse in the Australian entertainment industry. The case also highlighted the difficulties that victims face in seeking justice for historic abuse, particularly when authorities are reluctant to take action. The girl’s experience underscores the importance of providing victims of abuse with the necessary support and protections to encourage them to come forward. It also highlights the urgent need for reform of the justice system to better address historic cases of abuse. With the sentencing of Robert Hughes set to take place on Friday, all eyes will be on the outcome of his trial. The Hey Dad! case is just one example of the deep-seated issues with sexual abuse in Australia, and it’s crucial that the justice system takes steps to address these problems and ensure that victims receive the support and justice they deserve. The girl who came forward to report the abuse by Hughes decades ago is a symbol of the courage and strength that it takes to confront historic abuse. Her story, and others like it, serve as a reminder of the urgent need for systemic reform to ensure that justice is done and that victims are given a voice.