article: And the winner is... well, nobody. That seemed to be the only result after two Indian beauty queens aiming to impress visiting Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi both ended up looking like losers. One because she hosted the gathering after claiming to be Miss India Australia 2014 when she wasn't, and the other because, although she was Miss India Australia 2014, the confusion meant she missed out on the opportunity to host the lavish event herself in Sydney for India's leader. Mr Modi is the first Indian leader to visit Australia in 28 years. The Herald Sun reported that the claws were out between the two battling beauties, Rashi Kapoor and Phalguni Kataria, after Australian Football League multicultural ambassador Ms Kapoor hosted a get-together for the Indian Primer Minister as Miss India Australia 2014 when the title actually belonged to Ms Kataria. Miss India Australia 2014, Phalguni Kataria, felt hard done by at not being asked to host a special event in Sydney for visiting Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi . Ms Kataria said she was devastated at missing out on the opportunity to host the event and 'utterly shocked someone else is claiming to be Miss India Australia'. While Ms Kapoor said it was all just a simple misunderstanding. Ms Kapoor said she usually went by her title, Miss India Global, and it was the Indian media that was at fault for the mix up. Miss India Australia 2013, Rashi Kapoor, blamed the Indian media for the misunderstanding . 'I would never portray myself as something I am not. They got confused and I didn’t want to correct them. It was an event for the Prime Minister, not me,' she told the Herald Sun. 'I actually won Miss India Global in 2013. That’s what my trophy says.' But Ms Kataria said: 'That (Miss India Australia) is my title. I worked hard for it.' Ms Kataria was 'utterly shocked someone else is claiming to be Miss India Australia' 'I had thought that it would be me who would be asked to host the Prime Minister, like Miss India USA had done in America. 'I cannot believe that someone else can just step in and do it and take this honour from me.' Miss India Australia organiser Reena Koak believed it was unfair Ms Kapoor was portrayed as the 2014 titleholder as Ms Kataria now held the crown. Ms Kapoor said she usually went by the title of Miss India Global, although this was disputed . Ms Kapoor was crowned Miss India Australia in 2013, but it was claimed she currently held the title of Miss India Melbourne, not Miss India Global. Organiser Anamika Srivastava admits that a printing error may have resulted in the wrong titles appearing on Ms Kapoor’s sash and trophy. Despite the fact she had been already told by organisers that she could no longer use the title. Ms Kataria believed there should be no confusion over who is Miss India Australia 2014 .
highlights: Rashi Kapoor blamed the Indian media for the embarrassing mix up . 'I would never portray myself as something I am not,' said Kapoor . Miss India Australia organiser believed Kapoor acted unfairly . 2014 titleholder Phalguni Kataria was 'devastated' at not hosting the event .
id: 0b50563e4f8eda79977810111bdc67f3de975696
chatgpt: Rashi Kapoor, the former Miss India Australia, recently found herself at the center of a controversial mix-up that caused a huge uproar in the Indian media. After being invited to host the Miss India Australia pageant, Kapoor was accused of falsely claiming to be a Bollywood actress, and ultimately being unable to fulfill her duties. Kapoor was quick to defend herself, firmly stating that she never represented herself as something she was not. "I would never portray myself as something I am not," she said in a statement. "I am disappointed that the media has taken my words out of context and misrepresented me." However, the Miss India Australia team did not share Kapoor's sentiment. The organizer of the pageant, in particular, was said to be deeply disappointed in Kapoor's actions, and believed that the young actress had acted unfairly. Many supporters of the pageant shared similar views, with some even calling for Kapoor to be stripped of her title as Miss India Australia. In response to the criticism, Kapoor issued a further statement in which she expressed her sincere apologies to those who were affected by the incident. "I deeply regret any hurt or confusion that my remarks may have caused," Kapoor said. "I hope that we can all move past this and continue to celebrate the beauty and diversity of India and Australia." Despite Kapoor's apologies, the fallout from the pageant continued to dominate the news cycle, with many commentators questioning the integrity of the pageant and its organizers. Some even speculated that the controversy would have a negative impact on future Miss India Australia events, or could even lead to a boycott by contestants and sponsors. One of those affected by the controversy was the 2014 Miss India Australia titleholder, Phalguni Kataria. Kataria expressed her deep disappointment at the cancellation of the event, and spoke of being "devastated" at not being able to host the pageant as planned. "I was really looking forward to showcasing the best of Indian and Australian culture," she said. Despite the controversy, however, the Miss India Australia team remained committed to promoting cultural understanding and cross-cultural exchange. In a statement, the organizers expressed their determination to move forward and to continue working towards their goal of celebrating the beauty and diversity of India and Australia. "The Miss India Australia pageant has always been about celebrating the beauty and diversity of our two great nations," the statement read. "We remain committed to this vision, and we will continue to work tirelessly to ensure that our events are inclusive, fair, and respectful to all." As the dust settles on the controversy, it remains to be seen what the long-term impact will be on the Miss India Australia pageant. However, one thing is clear: the controversy has highlighted the need for greater transparency and accountability in beauty pageants, and for a more nuanced understanding of the complex cultural and social dynamics that underpin these events.