article: The helpless blind puppy dumped at a motorway service station has had his vet bills well and truly covered – thanks to the generosity of Daily Mail readers. The terrified animal – thought to be an eight-week-old miniature Shetland sheepdog – was found cowering in the ladies’ toilets by a shop worker earlier this month. Nearly £2,000 has been raised since his story moved dog-lovers across the country, and yesterday his rescuer thanked everyone who had donated to the appeal. Scroll down for video . Cute: The miniature Shetland sheepdog was discovered in the ladies toilets at a service station in Sandbach, Cheshire. Vets will carry out tests to see if his sight can be restored . Curled up and shaking in fear, the tiny scrap of fur was found by a shop worker at Roadchef Services at Sandbach on the M6 in Cheshire earlier this month. His owner, who has not been traced, is thought to have dumped the puppy – believed to be a miniature Shetland sheepdog aged eight-to-ten weeks – after discovering he was blind. Staff wrapped him in a blanket and gave him some water, and he has now been adopted by maintenance manager Ian Schofield. Colleagues and motorists using the services have been voting to pick a name, in exchange for a donation to charity – with the result due to be announced this week, the overwhelming frontrunner is Louie, after the loo beside which he was found. But with a consultation with a vet specialising in eye problems costing £300 alone, on top of routine jabs, staff also set up an online appeal for help with the bills. On Friday, the total stood at £540, but following publicity in the Mail it had yesterday reached £2,375. Eileen Garner, who pledged £10, wrote: ‘Can’t print what I think of anyone who would do this to such a gorgeous puppy. He’s better off without them.’ Linda Dickson, who gave £20, commented: ‘It broke my heart that anyone could do that. Little puppy must have been so frightened especially as she is blind. Thank goodness for the wonderful people at Sandbach services.’ And Karen Dedman, who gave £20, said: ‘Thank you for taking care of this beautiful dog. Here is a little something to help you with the vet fees.’ Abandoned: The dog, nicknamed Louie by customers, was found in the toilets at a service station in Sandbach, Cheshire . In a message to everyone who had contributed, Mr Schofield wrote: ‘I am overwhelmed by everybody’s generosity and kind words regarding the little one. ‘It has astonished me that there are so many caring people out there.’ He said the puppy was settling in well at his home, with his other dog, a terrier named Belle, acting as his eyes and ears and ‘barking instructions’. If the puppy’s eyesight cannot be restored and there is a sizeable excess in funds, staff are expected to donate the money to another dog-related cause. To give money, go to: http://www.gofundme.com/lf0ga0 .
highlights: A consultation with a vet specialising in eye problems costs £300 alone . So service station staff set up an online appeal for help with the bills . Following publicity in the Mail the fund had yesterday reached £2,375 .
id: 31c382030885e5a8318936514744b0470f9a8c0b
chatgpt: Service station staff have come together to raise money for a colleague who needs help paying for a consultation with a vet specializing in eye problems. The cost of the consultation alone is £300, and after the staff set up an online appeal for help, donations have been flooding in. The appeal was launched after the unnamed staff member had to take their dog to the vet for a problem with their eyes. The consultation alone cost £300, and with the prospect of further treatment costs, staff at the service station decided to try and help their colleague with the bills. After publicity in the Mail, the online appeal has now reached over £2,375. The generosity of those who have donated means that the staff member will be able to get the treatment they need for their dog, without having to worry about the costs involved. The staff member who set up the appeal spoke about the response they have received, saying: "We never expected to raise this much money, but we're so grateful for everyone's support. We just wanted to help our colleague out in whatever way we could, and the response we've had has been amazing. It's nice to know that people are willing to come together to help out in difficult times." The staff member's dog is now receiving the necessary treatment and is said to be doing well. The support from colleagues and the wider community has been a great help to both the staff member and their dog. The story is a reminder of the power of community and the generosity of people. In times of need, it's heartening to see people come together to support each other. The staff members at the service station acted on their desire to help and have made a real difference in the life of their colleague and their dog. The appeal may have started as a way to help out one person, but it has become much more than that. It has shown how people can come together to help others in need and make a real difference. The staff member who set up the appeal and those who have donated can be proud of what they have achieved, and their generosity will be remembered by the colleague they have helped and their dog for a long time to come.