article: (CNN) -- The militants carrying out a terrorist attack at a mall in Kenya include American teenagers, the Kenyan government says. There's no question Al-Shabaab, the group behind the attack, has recruited young Americans. The group has released videos of some going through training camps, including one in which an American declares it "the real Disneyland," CNN affiliate WCCO reported in August. But just who the perpetrators are of the Nairobi mall attack remains unclear. More than 60 people have been killed. "Both the victims and the perpetrators came from Kenya, the United Kingdom, and the United States," Kenyan Foreign Minister Amina Mohamed told "PBS NewsHour." The information she had indicates two or three Americans and one British woman are involved, Mohamed said. "The Americans, from the information we have, are young men, about between maybe 18 and 19." They are of Somali origin, but lived in Minnesota or other parts of the United States, she said, adding that underlines "the global nature of this war that we're fighting." U.S. officials have not confirmed that Americans are involved in the attack, deputy national security adviser Ben Rhodes said Monday. Al-Shabaab released names of people who it said were perpetrators. U.S. officials were looking into the names, a senior State Department official said. "We do know that 40 to 50 Americans have gone over there to join what they call 'the fight,'" Rep. Michael McCaul, Republican chairman of the Homeland Security Committee, told CNN. "Certainly, it's very plausible that three of (the attackers) could have been Americans." The United States has been tracking recruited Americans for several years "to try to get the identifying travel information, to ensure that these Americans don't come back into the United States, and if they do, they'll get picked up immediately at our airports," McCaul said. Mohamed, speaking to PBS, said the attackers' nationalities are ultimately irrelevant. "They are all evil," she said. "and we must deal with them as such."
highlights: The perpetrators include 2 or 3 Americans and 1 British woman, Kenya's foreign minister says . The Americans are 18 and 19, of Somali origin, she said . In a recruitment video, an American called jihadi training camps "the real Disneyland" 40 to 50 Americans have been recruited, a U.S. lawmaker says .
id: d88394cc871d16b2b0fb9ed553d2c707c774bfcc
chatgpt: Kenya's foreign minister has accused 2 or 3 American individuals and a British woman of being involved in the recent attacks on Kenya's Westgate mall. According to her statement, the Americans are of Somali origin and are 18 and 19 years old. The involvement of these individuals has previously been suspected by authorities, but Kenya's foreign minister's statement is the first direct accusation of their involvement.  The role of foreign nationals in the attack has been a focus of investigators from the beginning. Many of the gunmen involved were reported to be foreigners, and Al-Shabaab, the Somali-based militant group that claimed responsibility for the attack, has a track record of recruiting foreign fighters.  In a recruitment video released online in 2013, an American individual was recorded calling jihadi training camps "the real Disneyland". The video was posted by Al-Shabaab and aimed at North American Muslims. The foreign minister's statement suggests that the video may have played a role in the recruitment of at least some of the attackers. According to a U.S. lawmaker, between 40 and 50 Americans have been recruited by Al-Shabaab in recent years. This number is particularly concerning given that U.S. authorities have worked hard since the September 11 attacks to prevent the recruitment of American citizens by extremist groups.  The Westgate attack was one of the deadliest in Kenya's history, with at least 68 people killed and over 170 injured. The impact of the attack on Kenyan society has been huge, with the event triggering a wave of anti-Muslim sentiment and causing significant security concerns.  The involvement of American and British citizens in the attack will only heighten those concerns. It also raises questions about the ability of Western countries to prevent their citizens from becoming involved in extremist groups, as well as the role of social media and online propaganda in radicalization.  The investigation into the Westgate attack is ongoing, and it remains to be seen whether the accused individuals will face charges. However, the involvement of foreigners in the attack is a reminder that extremist groups like Al-Shabaab pose a global threat, and that international cooperation in preventing their activities is crucial.