article: (CNN) -- Frank Williams has been a integral part of one of Formula One's most successful teams since forming it 35 years ago, but he is now starting to pass on his legacy. The Williams F1 boss, who turns 70 this month, announced on Friday that he is standing down from the British team's board and that he will be replaced by his daughter Claire. Williams, who is tetraplegic and has been confined to a wheelchair since a car accident in 1986, said the time had come for him to hand control over to the next generation. However, he will remain as team principal and keep his majority shareholding. "I have decided to signal the next stage in the gradual but inevitable process of handing over the reins to the next generation by stepping down from the board at the end of this month," he said in a statement on Williams' website. "It is no secret that Claire is my daughter but I am proud to say that she has fought hard to earn this appointment and, of all the battles she has had to fight, the prejudices of her father were not the least challenging. "I shall be looking to Claire to represent the Williams family on the board and I know that she will work tirelessly." As well as her board role, Claire Williams will start work as director of marketing and communications on April 1 in the place of the departing Dominic Reilly. Williams became the first F1 team to float on the stock exchange in March 2011 and the team has a rich heritage in the elite division of motorsport. But despite winning nine constructors' titles -- a record bettered only by Ferrari -- and seven drivers' championships, the marque which once employed legendary racers such as Nigel Mansell, Alain Prost and Ayrton Senna has stuttered in recent years. The last time Williams won a grand prix was in 2004, when Colombian Juan Pablo Montoya drove to victory in Brazil. Williams finished 2011 ninth in the constructors' standings after collecting just five points. Senna's nephew Bruno will make his debut for the team alongside Venezuela's Pastor Maldonado at the season-opening Australian Grand Prix on March 18.
highlights: Williams founder Frank Williams will step down from the team's board next month . Williams founded the British team in 1977 and the marque has won nine constructors' titles . His daughter Claire will move onto the board as director of marketing and communications . Williams have not won a grand prix since Juan Pablo Montayo's victory in Brazil in 2004 .
id: 44d5a6f1e6545cfd0f2efe9c28b555a67a75d2d0
chatgpt: Williams founder, Frank Williams, will be stepping down from the board of the British Formula One team after more than four decades in the role. Williams, who founded the team in 1977, is retiring due to personal reasons. During his tenure, the team has won nine constructors' titles and secured seven drivers' championships, becoming one of the most successful teams in Formula One history. Despite Williams' success, the team has struggled in recent years, with their last victory in a grand prix coming at the hands of Juan Pablo Montoya in Brazil back in 2004. However, the team is hoping to turn their fortunes around under the new leadership of Claire Williams, who will move onto the board as director of marketing and communications. Claire Williams has been an integral part of the Williams team for many years, having held various roles within the organization. She is the daughter of Frank Williams and has been widely praised for her contributions to the team. Speaking on the announcement, Claire said: "I am honoured and excited to be taking on this new role within Williams, a team that has been such an important part of my life. I am passionate about the team and its success, and I am looking forward to working with our talented team of engineers and designers to ensure that we can once again compete at the highest level of Formula One." The announcement comes at a challenging time for Williams, with the team currently sitting in last place in the constructors' championship, having failed to score a single point in the first six races of the season. However, the team remains committed to turning their fortunes around and believes that the appointment of Claire Williams to the board will be a step in the right direction. Frank Williams will remain a shareholder in the team and will continue to attend races, but his retirement from the board marks the end of an era for Williams. His contributions to the team have been monumental, and he will be missed by all those who have worked with him over the years. With the appointment of Claire Williams to the board, the team is hoping to instill fresh energy and ideas into the organization, and they remain determined to return to winning ways in the near future. Fans of the team will be hoping that the appointment of their new director of marketing and communications will lead to a bright new chapter in the history of Williams.