article: By . Zoe Szathmary for MailOnline . The Georgia Department of Public Health is facing a federal complaint from a man who allegedly suffered religious discrimination when his job offer was rescinded. 'I was shocked at what happened,' complainant Dr. Eric Walsh told WSBTV. 'I didn't know in the United States of America that something like this could happen when your work record is stellar.' The doctor and lay minister made remarks on both evolution and homosexuality in his video sermons, the affiliate station reported. 'If two adults agree to do something, then it's not wrong, because they're both consenting adults,' Walsh said in one clip obtained by the station. 'That is - that is doctrine from the pits of hell.' Scroll down for video . Complaint: Dr. Eric Walsh, pictured, says the Georgia Department of Public Health rescinded a job offer when they learned of his video sermons . In another, he said '...Because of evolution and this Satanic belief that man evolved from lesser beings.' In a sermon titled 'Culture, Sex and the Fight for Purity,' Walsh argued the devil used television to increase acceptance of gay marriage. Those videos are the reason Walsh is not employed with the Department of Public Health, Walsh told WSBTV. The Los Angeles Times reported the videos emerged in the wake of a decision by Pasadena City College to name Walsh its 2013 commencement speaker over a gay candidate. Because of the videos, Walsh, who at the time served as Pasadena's Public Health Director, was first on administrative leave before he eventually resigned,The Pasadena Star-News reported. Lay minister: Walsh, who worked in Pasadena as the Public Health Director, also spent time as a lay minister (file photo) Walsh came under fire from both AIDS and LGBT groups, who contacted the Georgia Department of Health to complain when Walsh was initially hired, the newspaper reported. In May, Georgia Department of Public Health spokesman Ryan Deal said 'Today’s action by the department follows a thorough examination of Dr. Walsh’s credentials and background as well as consultation with the six local boards of health which comprise the district' in a statement. Attorney Jeremy Dys told WSBTV Tuesday 'If what you say in church is going to be held accountable by your employer and is going to come up on your annual review, then we’ve got real problems in this country. 'It is illegal in this country to fire someone because of their faith. That’s what the Georgia Public Health Department has done here.' 'The Georgia Department of Public Health (DPH) withdrew Dr. Eric Walsh’s conditional offer of employment in May 2014 for reasons entirely unrelated to his beliefs,' the department said in a statement sent to MailOnline by a spokesman. 'DPH will respond to the EEOC complaint as soon as possible.'
highlights: Dr. Eric Walsh alleges he suffered religious discrimination when his job offer was rescinded by the Georgia Department of Public Health . The doctor and lay minister made remarks on both homosexuality and evolution as part of his video sermons . In one sermon, he argues the devil used television to increase acceptance of gay marriage . Walsh contends the videos are the reason why the offer was withdrawn . Videos emerged after Pasadena City College named Walsh its 2013 commencement speaker over a gay candidate . Because of the videos, as Pasadena's Public Health Director Walsh was first on administrative leave before he later resigned .
id: 46255c3e385d35ea7c34c21edf7ef76ac63edc15
chatgpt: Dr. Eric Walsh, a physician and lay minister, has alleged that he suffered religious discrimination at the hands of the Georgia Department of Public Health. According to Dr. Walsh, his job offer was rescinded due to controversial remarks he made in a series of video sermons. In these video sermons, Dr. Walsh expressed his views on a number of topics, including homosexuality and evolution. In one sermon, he suggested that the devil was using television to increase acceptance of gay marriage. Dr. Walsh's videos ultimately came to light after he was named the 2013 commencement speaker at Pasadena City College over a gay candidate. As a result of the controversy surrounding his views, Dr. Walsh was placed on administrative leave before eventually resigning from his position as Public Health Director. Dr. Walsh has argued that the videos were the reason why his job offer was withdrawn by the Georgia Department of Public Health. He contends that his religious views were not taken into consideration and that he was unfairly targeted because of his beliefs. The Georgia Department of Public Health, however, has issued a statement indicating that Dr. Walsh's job offer was rescinded due to concerns over his ability to perform the duties of the position. The statement does not explicitly address Dr. Walsh's claims of religious discrimination. The case has sparked a debate over the balance between religious freedom and the need for public officials to uphold the law and act in the best interests of their constituents. Supporters of Dr. Walsh argue that he has a right to express his religious views without fear of retribution, while critics argue that public officials should be held to a higher standard and that Dr. Walsh's views could have had a negative impact on his ability to effectively do his job. The controversy has also raised questions over the role of social media and the internet in shaping public discourse and opinions. Dr. Walsh's videos were widely circulated on the internet, and many have criticized the ease with which controversial views can be disseminated in the digital age. Regardless of the outcome of Dr. Walsh's case, it is clear that the intersection of religion and politics will continue to be a contentious issue in the United States. As the country becomes increasingly diverse, it will be important for public officials to balance their religious beliefs with their responsibilities to the citizens they serve.