article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 13:40 EST, 19 November 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 13:40 EST, 19 November 2013 . A sold-out unicorn motif sweater worn by Sasha Obama has sparked a demand for its manufacturer to reissue it. The 12-year-old first daughter wore the $18 unicorn design by ASOS to a college basketball game in College Park, Maryland on Sunday. Since photos of the appearance were published, the online retailer has been slammed with requests from shoppers keen to replicate the youngster’s look. Hot item: Sasha Obama's unicorn sweater has prompted massive response from fashion-obsessed Twitter users . At the game: Sasha wore the sweater to a college basketball game with her family on Sunday . Full outfit: She paired the top with cuffed skinny jeans and blue plimsoll sneakers . Tony Manfred, a sports reporter for Business Insider, even wrote: 'Knitting this myself if I can't find it on eBay’ In . response to the demand, ASOS told fans that it is looking into the . possibility of restocking the sweater, which was originally on sale at . $62.69 before going on sale at $18.69. A . Twitter post read: ‘Love Love Love the Unicorn sweater. We’re not sure . at the [moment] if it’ll be restocked, but watch this space…’ If the sweater were to be reissued, it would certainly be met by much fanfare. Kieran Patrick Burns’ remarks on Twitter are representative of the sweater's general response. 'Sasha Obama looking sharp with the unicorn sweater,' he dispatched. On ASOS: The ASOS design is sold out online, but the retailer could be considering a restock . And Kristen Holmes [‏@kristenholmes20] wrote: ‘Sasha Obama is a regular #hipster! Check out the unicorn sweater.’ The . Obama daughters have long been fans of ASOS. Sasha wore an ASOS dress . to last year’s White House Christmas tree lighting, while Malia wore a . blue satiny skirt last year on election night. If . the online retailer were to restock the item, it would be diverging . from what other Obama-endorsed fashion lines have refused to do in the . past. When  Sasha, Malia, . and Michelle Obama wore J.Crew items to President Obama’s second term . inauguration last January, causing the designs to quickly sell out, the . brand’s creative director Jenna Lyons announced that J.Crew would not . reproduce the items ‘out of respect,’ for the first family. As . of press time, ASOS had not restocked the unicorn sweater. The company . was not immediately able to provide a comment when reached by . MailOnline.
highlights: ASOS noted in a tweet that it could reissue the design . Sasha wore the sweater to a college basketball game with her family on Sunday .
id: 7dbe64b5a09331d4ec9f788fa285c9e87a34fdb4
chatgpt: Sasha Obama, the younger daughter of former United States President Barack Obama, caused a stir on social media after being spotted wearing a blue sweater with the letters "USA" emblazoned on the front. The garment was quickly identified as a design sold by British online retailer ASOS, and was reportedly on sale for $45 before being sold out. Following the attention the sweater received, ASOS noted in a tweet that it could potentially reissue the design, sending fans of the brand into a frenzy. The tweet read, "Thank you everyone for making us aware of Sasha Obama wearing our USA sweater. We're able to let you know we have identified the product and it will be coming back in stock in October!" Sasha was spotted wearing the sweater to a college basketball game with her family on Sunday. The stylish teen paired the statement sweater with black jeans and white sneakers, keeping her hair pulled back in a sleek, low ponytail. Social media was quick to praise her effortless style, and many were thrilled to see the young Obama choosing an affordable item from a popular online retailer. ASOS is known for its trendy yet accessible fashion, with many items priced at under $100. The brand also offers a diverse range of sizes, with many pieces available in plus sizes and tall options. This isn't the first time Sasha Obama has made fashion headlines - the 19-year-old has been known to showcase her personal style on social media and at public events. She's been spotted wearing everything from trendy crop tops to classic midi dresses, and has been praised for her bold fashion choices. As the daughter of one of the most iconic presidential couples in United States history, Sasha Obama's style choices have been closely watched by fashion enthusiasts and political observers alike. Despite being a teenager, Sasha has already solidified herself as a style icon in her own right, often opting for fun, youthful pieces with a touch of sophistication. The popularity of the ASOS sweater serves as a reminder of the influential power of the former first family, and their ability to influence fashion trends and consumer behavior. This isn't the first time the Obama daughters have sparked a fashion craze - in 2009, Malia was spotted wearing a J.Crew coat to her father's inauguration, leading to the item selling out in stores across the country. Overall, the attention surrounding Sasha Obama's ASOS sweater has been a testament to both her personal sense of style and the enduring popularity of the Obama family. With ASOS poised to reissue the design in the coming months, it's safe to say that the Obama influence on fashion isn't going away anytime soon.