article: (CNN) -- A roadside bomb killed 14 people and wounded six in northwest Pakistan on Sunday, a government official said. The blast targeted a passenger van in the Lower Dir district near the village of Bunr, said Hussain Ahmed, the official. The bomb was remotely detonated, he said. Details about the van's occupants were not available. There was no immediate claim of responsibility. The bombing in the Lower Dir district is the latest violence to strike Pakistan's tribal region that borders Afghanistan. The district is one of 24 that make up the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province. It was formerly known as the North West Frontier Province, a name assigned during the British colonial rule. The ruling party changed the name to reflect the province's majority Pashtun population. Khyber Pakhtunkhwa is rife with Islamic extremists and has been the site of recent clashes between Pakistani security forces and militants. On September 3, an explosives-filled car slammed into a U.S. Consulate vehicle in the provincial capital, Peshawar. The attack took place in an area of the city where several international agencies have offices. In addition to the U.S. Consulate, the U.N. refugee agency, UNHCR, is in the area. In May 2011, a remote-controlled car bomb targeted a convoy of U.S. Consulate vehicles in Peshawar, killing one person and wounding 11. The Taliban claimed responsibility for the attack. In April 2010, three explosions went off in rapid succession near the consulate. Journalist Aamir Iqbal contributed to this report.
highlights: A roadside bomb targeted a van in northwest Pakistan, an official says . The blast targeted a van in the Lower Dir district near the Afghan border .
id: 67a46b4ea2102790b1af8b035d4a452e8dabd268
chatgpt: A roadside bomb targeted a van in northwest Pakistan on Saturday, according to an official. The blast occurred in the Lower Dir district, which is located near the Afghan border. The van was reportedly carrying civilians at the time of the attack. Local law enforcement officials have confirmed that the incident was an act of terrorism. They are currently investigating the matter and attempting to determine who was responsible for the attack. No group has claimed responsibility for the bombing as of yet. This is not the first incident of violence to occur in the Lower Dir district. In recent years, the area has been a hotbed of militant activity, with various extremist groups operating in the region. The situation has been exacerbated by the ongoing conflict in neighboring Afghanistan. Pakistan has faced numerous challenges in its efforts to combat terrorism within its borders. The country has been the target of several high-profile attacks in recent years, including the deadly assault on an army school in Peshawar in 2014. The government has vowed to continue its efforts to root out extremism and improve security in the country. However, many analysts believe that the task will be difficult given the complex web of militant groups operating in the region. In the aftermath of the bombing, security has been increased in the area. More checkpoints and patrols have been established to deter further attacks. The government has also called on citizens to remain vigilant and report any suspicious activity to the authorities.