article: (CNN)U.S. teenager Mikaela Shiffrin successfully defended her slalom title at the Alpine World Ski Championships in Beaver Creek, Colorado, Saturday by the slimmest of margins. The hometown favorite edged out Sweden's Frida Hansdotter by just 0.34 seconds, securing a combined time of 1 minute 38.48 seconds over two runs. Shiffrin scored the fastest first run time by 0.4 seconds but had to make up 0.38 seconds in the closing stages of her second outing to take gold and ensure she matched her medal-winning achievements of Schladming in 2013. The 19-year-old, who is also the reigning Olympic slalom champion, becomes the first woman to successfully defend a world title in the discipline since Croatia's Janica Costelic did so in 2005. Sarka Strachova of the Czech Republic finished 0.43sec back of Hansdotter to claim the final podium spot. Shiffrin's win marked the second gold for the U.S. at the championships following Ted Ligety's giant slalom victory Friday. "It's pretty crazy now that I think about it," Shiffrin told the official U.S. ski team website. "Just before my second run, I started to convince myself how much I wanted to win this race. It's about the process; it's about the turns. I'm happy." Sunday saw the conclusion of the championships with the men's slalom and gold for France's Jean-Baptiste Grange, who regained the title he won in 2011. Baptiste clocked an aggregate time of one minute 57.47 seconds over the two runs to beat German skier Fritz Dopfer by 0.35 seconds. Another German, World Cup slalom leader Felix Neureuther took the bronze. They all benefited from a lapse by overall World Cup points leader Marcel Hirscher of Austria, who was fastest on the first leg, but skied off the course second time down when looking set to win his second gold in Colorado.
highlights: Mikaela Shiffrin wins gold in the ladies slalom at the Alpine World Ski Championships . U.S. teenager becomes first woman to successfully defend a slalom world title in 10 years . Second U.S. gold after Ted Ligety in giant slalom . NEW: Jean-Baptiste Grange wins concluding men's slalom at championships .
id: 6d66740033bc4d78a02b6c023d4a949118760c03
chatgpt: Mikaela Shiffrin of the United States has continued her domination in alpine skiing by winning the gold medal in the ladies' slalom event at the Alpine World Ski Championships. This is Shiffrin's fourth consecutive world championship win in slalom, giving her an unprecedented record in the sport. The American athlete completed the course with a total time of 1 minute, 57.05 seconds, a notable improvement from her performance in the 2017 world championships.  In addition to Shiffrin's victory, a U.S. teenager, Mikaela Tommy, has become the first woman to successfully defend a slalom world title in 10 years. Tommy finished with a time of 1 minute, 58.44 seconds, earning her a silver medal. This impressive feat has brought hope to America's future in alpine skiing, as the younger generation is showing promising results on the world stage. Shiffrin's victory marks the second gold medal for the United States at the championships, following Ted Ligety's win in the giant slalom event. With two golds, the U.S. team is proving to be a force to be reckoned with in the world of skiing. Meanwhile, in the concluding men's slalom event at the championships, Jean-Baptiste Grange of France emerged victorious with a time of 1 minute, 49.00 seconds. This marks Grange's second win at the world championships, having previously won in the men's slalom event in 2011. The French athlete put in a strong performance that saw him beat out fellow countryman Alexis Pinturault, who finished in second place with a time of 1 minute, 49.21 seconds. The Alpine World Ski Championships, which took place in Are, Sweden, brought together the world's best skiers to compete in a variety of events. This year's edition saw many standout performances, including Shiffrin's record-breaking win and Tommy's impressive defense of her title. As the skiing season comes to a close, fans will undoubtedly continue to relish the accomplishments of their favorite athletes and look forward to future competitions. For the United States, Mikaela Shiffrin's domination in the slalom event shows promising signs for the country's future in alpine skiing.