article: Washington (CNN) -- An Iranian navy plane that approached a U.S. aircraft carrier last week was flying as low as 300 feet as it neared the USS Eisenhower, U.S. military officials said Wednesday. The incident, first reported by CNN on Tuesday, came as Iran was beginning a series of military exercises last week meant to show off their military prowess. The Eisenhower was on duty in the Gulf of Oman in the northern Arabian Sea, in support of the Afghanistan war efforts, when the Iranian maritime patrol aircraft flew within 1,000 yards of the vessel, according to military officials. While the encounter was not threatening, it was unusual. U.S. navy ships have regularly encountered Iranian aircraft in the Persian Gulf in recent years, but this encounter took place in the Gulf of Oman, in an area where Iranian jets are seen much less frequently, several Navy officials said. The officials declined to be identified, citing the extremely sensitive nature of any U.S. military interaction with Iranian forces. Adm. Gary Roughead, the top Navy officer, confirmed the April 21 incident. The Iranians were "not provocative or threatening. As long as they are professional and not threatening or reckless, it's international space," he said. Radar on the Eisenhower and other U.S. ships in the vicinity closely tracked the Iranian aircraft as it approached the aircraft carrier to ensure it maintained a nonthreatening path, Roughead said. A senior U.S. military official said the Iranian plane was tracked by U.S. units for nearly 100 miles before it reached the Eisenhower. The Iranian aircraft was a Fokker F27 that was unarmed, officials said. It remained in the vicinity of the Eisenhower for about 20 minutes before leaving the area, according to the senior official. The Eisenhower had just finished a series of carrier aircraft flight operations and a resupply at sea mission. U.S. officials believe the Iranians wanted a close look at the carrier, but they could not say if the Iranians took photos of the ship. One of the officials also said Iran may simply have been trying to demonstrate its aerial capabilities to the United States. U.S. military officials continue to emphasize that recent encounters with Iranian naval forces in the Persian Gulf have been professional and without confrontation or problems. The U.S. Navy takes great care to try to stay out of the way of any Iranian forces in the region, officials said.
highlights: U.S. officials believe the Iranians wanted a close look at the carrier . Plane flew as low as 300 feet, officials say . Iranians were "not provocative or threatening," U.S. admiral says .
id: 8e3e8e5ca99568833f42b7583f28b81741dbfbd9
chatgpt: Iranian military aircrafts were reported to have flown near the USS Nimitz, a U.S. aircraft carrier, in the Persian Gulf on Sunday. According to U.S. officials, the Iranian planes made a close approach to the carrier, flying as low as 300 feet above it. Although the maneuver raised eyebrows among the americans, no incident was reported, and the Iranian planes were described as "not provocative or threatening" by a U.S. admiral. The USS Nimitz is currently operating in the Persian Gulf, with other ships from its strike group, and has been conducting military exercises for the past days. U.S. officials believe that the Iranian planes wanted a closer look at the carrier and its allied ships. This is not the first time that Iran has attempted to survey U.S. naval movements in the region. In April, a group of Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps vessels came close to U.S. ships in the Persian Gulf, but no incident occurred. The U.S. Navy reacted professionally to the Iranian approach, keeping a watchful eye on the situation and continuing with its planned operations. "Our interaction with them [Iranian military planes] was safe and professional," said Admiral Jim Kirk, commander of the Nimitz Carrier Strike Group. "I don't think it was provocative or threatening necessarily, but we're aware of them and we're always ready for whatever scenario may come up." This latest move by Iran comes amid tensions between the two countries in the region. Relations between the U.S. and Iran have been strained for years, with the U.S. pulling out of the Iranian nuclear agreement in 2018 and imposing multiple rounds of sanctions on the country. The recent assassination of General Qasem Soleimani, a top Iranian military leader, in a U.S. drone strike in January of this year, further heightened tensions. The Iranian government has not released any official statement on the incident with the U.S. carrier. However, Iranian officials have previously warned the U.S. against conducting military exercises in the region, arguing that such actions destabilize the Persian Gulf. Iran has also threatened to retaliate against any further action with the U.S. The U.S. Navy has noted several incidents of Iranian harassment of U.S. military vessels in the past. In 2018, a U.S. Navy surveillance plane was intercepted by Iranian fighter jets over the Persian Gulf. The U.S. and Iran have been at odds in the region for decades, with U.S. military forces frequently patrolling the Gulf to ensure the free flow of oil and other resources. In conclusion, the incident with the USS Nimitz shows that tensions between the U.S. and Iran continue to simmer in the region. However, both sides have managed to avoid any major incidents thus far. U.S. officials continue to keep a watchful eye on the movements of Iranian military forces in the Persian Gulf, while Iranian officials have warned of retaliation against any aggressive U.S. action. The situation remains tense, but both sides seem keen on avoiding an escalation that could lead to a conflict.