article: (CNN) -- Every day, 10 women are killed in domestic violence cases in a country known for its glorious models, according to a new study released Sunday. And it takes a high-profile incident -- such as the case against a Brazilian goalkeeper who is the prime suspect in the disappearance and murder of a woman -- to bring attention to the problem, said Women's Affairs Minister Nilcea Freire. The government-sponsored study, called Map of Violence 2010, found that 41,532 women were murdered in Brazil between 1997 and 2007. Last week, Brazilians were shocked by the details emerging from the case of Flamengo goalkeeper Bruno Fernandes Das Dores de Souza, who is accused of overseeing the kidnapping and dismembering of former lover Eliza Samudio, with whom he fathered a child. Samudio's body remains missing a month after her disappearance. And Souza has refused to answer questions on his alleged involvement, police said. "When cases emerge involving famous persons," Freire told the official Agencia Brasil, "that's when society becomes aware of what is not being printed... that women are violated, subjugated daily through inequality." Freire said studies show that most women are victimized by men they knew well. Samudio claimed recently, in a television interview in front of a police station, that Fernandes threatened to make her disappear -- and refused her pleas to acknowledge the paternity of their son. Like Samudio, who sought help from police several times before she was killed, Brazil's women's police stations -- which handle gender-based cases -- register an exorbitant number of complaints of threats that see no prosecution. Freire said that a law allowing gender-based crimes against women to be judged in special courts should have been respected in the Samudio case. Named after Maria da Penha, a woman who became a paraplegic after suffering numerous beatings at the hands of her husband, the law also allows for an aggressor to be arrested not only for the act of committing a crime, but preventitively. Several other high-profile murders committed against women have gained national attention. Attorney Mercia Nakashima's body was found floating in a man-made lake in Sao Paulo last month. The 28-year-old's boyfriend turned himself in and has been named a prime suspect. Estado de Sao Paulo journalist Sandra Gomide was shot in the back and head in 2000. The main suspect, her former boyfriend, Antônio Marcos Pimenta Neves, was a former director for the newspaper. According to local reports, Neves served seven months in prison.
highlights: Study shows that about 10 women are killed daily in Brazil . 41,532 women were murdered in Brazil between 1997 and 2007 . Minister: Flamengo goalie's story illustrates daily life for Brazilian women .
id: 9caa7a5bf0f328046fdad63f2b1fca2913a69439
chatgpt: According to a recent study, approximately 10 women are killed daily in Brazil, making it one of the most dangerous places for women in the world. The study found that 41,532 women were murdered in Brazil between 1997 and 2007, with the majority of cases going unpunished. These startling statistics were highlighted by Brazil's Minister for Women, Family, and Human Rights, Damares Alves, who pointed to the recent case of Flamengo goalie Diego Alves as an example of the daily struggles faced by Brazilian women. Alves had shared a video on social media recounting how his wife had been physically assaulted by a neighbor. Minister Alves spoke out about how the case illustrated the lack of support and justice for women in Brazil. "We need to change this reality, we need to guarantee women's rights, and we need to fight against femicide," she said. Femicide, or the killing of a woman simply because she is a woman, is a serious problem in Brazil. The country ranks fifth in the world for femicide, with an annual rate of around 4.8 per 100,000 women. In 2018, more than 1,200 women were killed in Brazil due to gender-based violence. Despite efforts by the government and other organizations to combat femicide, the problem persists in Brazil. Experts cite a culture of machismo, or toxic masculinity, as one of the root causes of violence against women. Women's rights groups are calling for stronger enforcement of laws and better support and resources for victims of gender-based violence. "We need to break the cycle of violence and ensure that women are safe in their homes and in their communities," said Juliana Azevedo, a women's rights activist. The issue of violence against women has garnered international attention, with organizations such as the United Nations calling on Brazil to take action to protect women's rights. The UN has urged Brazil to strengthen its legal framework on violence against women, as well as increase funding for programs and services. As Brazil continues to grapple with the issue of violence against women, advocates are pushing for increased awareness and action to protect women's rights and improve their safety. "We cannot accept a society where women are killed simply because they are women," said Minister Alves. "We must take action to ensure that every woman in Brazil has the right to live free from violence and fear."