article: Eleven members of the Washington Redskins team ran out into the field for Monday night's preseason game against the Cleveland Browns with their hands up and palms forward. The ‘Hands up, don't shoot’ gesture was a show of solidarity with the people in Ferguson, Missouri, who are protesting the shooting of 18-year-old Michael Brown. Brown, an unarmed black teenager, was shot dead in Ferguson, Missouri, on August 9 by a white police officer. Scroll down for video . Eleven members of the Washington Redskins team ran out into the field for Monday night's preseason game against the Cleveland Browns with their hands up and palms forward . The idea to show solidarity for the dead  came from safety Brandon Meriweather and cornerback DeAngelo Hall. Meriweather said the team's defensive backs decided as a group to pay a pregame tribute as they came through the tunnel and onto FedEx Field. ‘We just want to show our supporters what’s going on in St. Louis,’ Meriweather told WNEW. ‘That could have been any one of us,’ said Safety Ryan Clark. ‘That could have been any one of our brothers, our cousins. ...When you get an opportunity to make a statement and be more than a football player, it's good.’ The Redskins defeated the Browns 24-23. The 'Hands up, don't shoot' show of solidarity was the idea of players including safety Brandon Meriweather . Protesters have gathered daily in Ferguson since Brown was fatally was shot on August 9. Police say Brown struggled with the officer before being shot six times, but witnesses have said he was not aggressive toward the officer and had his hands raised above his head before he was shot. As a result, the words 'hands up, don’t shoot' have become a rallying cry of protesters, both in Ferguson and online. Monday night saw a ninth evening of protests and disturbances in the town. A St. Louis County spokeswoman says 57 people were booked at the county jail. Just four of the 57 arrested had Ferguson addresses. Fifty-four were cited for failure to disperse, two for unlawful use of a weapon, and one for interfering with an officer. Sixteen of those arrested are from out of state. Monday night saw a ninth evening of disturbances in Ferguson and 57 people were booked at the county jail .
highlights: Eleven members of the Washington Redskins team ran out into the field for Monday night's preseason game with their hands up and palms forward . The 'Hands up, don't shoot' gesture was a show of solidarity with the people in Ferguson, Missouri, protesting Michael Brown's shooting . The unarmed black teenager was shot dead by a white police officer on August 9 . 'That could have been any one of us,' said Safety Ryan Clark .
id: 6787a15af7a1354e3ffd40857ffe33291e61ac42
chatgpt: Eleven members of the Washington Redskins made a powerful statement during Monday night's preseason game. These players ran onto the field with their hands up and their palms forward as a show of solidarity with the people of Ferguson, Missouri. This gesture, known as 'Hands up, don't shoot', has become a symbol of protest following the fatal shooting of Michael Brown. Brown, an unarmed black teenager, was shot dead by a white police officer on August 9. His death has sparked nationwide protests over police brutality and racism. The Redskins players' demonstration is just one example of how the issue has spread beyond Ferguson, igniting a conversation about race relations across the United States. "That could have been any one of us," said Safety Ryan Clark, one of the players who participated in the demonstration. "It could have been any one of our brothers, our sons, our cousins. When you get an opportunity to make a statement and be more than a football player, it's good to do that." The Redskins players were not the only ones to speak out about the shooting during Monday night's game. The St. Louis Rams also made a gesture of solidarity, with five of their players coming onto the field with their hands up. The actions of both teams demonstrate that athletes can and should play a role in social and political issues. The 'Hands up, don't shoot' gesture has become a powerful symbol of the protests in Ferguson. It suggests that Brown was unarmed and had his hands up in surrender when he was shot. While the exact details of the shooting are still under investigation, the gesture has become synonymous with the broader issue of police brutality and racism. The Redkins' demonstration was not just significant because of what it symbolized, but because of who was participating. Football is a sport dominated by black athletes, and these players hold a unique platform to bring attention to issues facing their communities. The demonstration was a reminder that athletes are more than just physical specimens - they are citizens with voices and opinions that should be heard. While the Redskins' demonstration was a powerful moment, it is important to note that it was not without controversy. The action drew criticism from some fans and commentators who felt that it was inappropriate for athletes to use a football game as a platform for political protests. Regardless of one's opinion on the matter, it is clear that the action sparked a conversation about race relations and police brutality that is much needed in America today.