article: Passport controls could be required at Scotland's border with England if it becomes independent in order to comply with EU law, Britain's Minister for Europe has warned. A separate Scotland would need to negotiate its own opt-out from the Schengen Agreement, which allows for free travel between 25 EU states, according to David Lidington. The agreement could pose 'a clear problem' should Scotland gain independence from England, he said. 'Clear problem': David Lidington, Britain's Minister for Europe, said the Schengen Agreement would create a challenge for Scotland's border control if they gain independence . Britain's decision to opt out of the Schengen Agreement means that other EU citizens are still subject to passport checks on our borders because is outside the European free travel area. However, if Scotland gains independence it will - as an EU member state - automatically be part of the Agreement and will have to negotiate its own withdrawal which must be approved by every other member state, it was reported. If it doesn't, passport controls would need to be set up at the border because Schengen bans free European travel between those who are part of the Agreement, and those who are not. Mr Lindington said - during a visit to the Scottish Parliament in Edinburgh - that there were no guarantees Scotland could choose to withdraw from the agreement. Opt-out: Britain's withdrawal from the Agreement means it maintains a tighter control of its borders . He said opt-outs from the . single currency and free travel area 'require not just a bilateral . agreement between the UK and an independent Scotland, it would require . the agreement of all of the other member states as well'. He . told the Telegraph: 'The fact the UK has an opt-out from Schengen means that we are . able to maintain the border controls that you don't often have on the . borders between Schengen countries.' Previously, the European Commission's president, Jose Manuel Barroso, warned that no more countries would be able to opt-out of the single currency. A spokesman for Alex Salmond - the Scottish National Party leader - said that the 'scaremongering' stories were demonstrably untrue, adding: 'They are insulting to Scotland, and the only effect they are having is to boost support for independence.'
highlights: Scotland will need to negotiate its own opt-out of agreement allowing free travel between EU countries . Passport checks could become mandatory because Britain is not part of the travel zone . Withdrawal will need approval from all other EU states .
id: da0b9095b8976f136635de0c3f81d642dbc15fca
chatgpt: Scottish officials will have to negotiate their own deal if they want to maintain the benefits of the Schengen agreement, as the United Kingdom moves towards withdrawing from the European Union (EU).
 
According to reports, officials will be seeking an opt-out of the agreement, which allows free movement of citizens between EU countries without passport checks. Scotland's situation is unique because, unlike the rest of the UK, it voted overwhelmingly in favor of remaining in the EU during the 2016 referendum on membership. 
 
The Schengen agreement is a cornerstone of EU integration and has been in effect since 1995, when it was signed by five countries. Today, it comprises 22 of the 27 EU member states, plus Iceland, Liechtenstein, Norway, and Switzerland. The UK and Ireland are the only two EU member states that have opted out of Schengen.
 
Now that the UK has voted to leave the EU, however, there is a risk that passport checks will become compulsory for all travelers between EU countries because Britain is not part of the zone.
 
Although negotiators are working on a Brexit deal that could potentially address this issue, officials in Scotland are keen to protect the interests of their citizens who may rely on free travel for work, study or leisure. 
 
Scotland's situation is further complicated by the fact that any opt-out of Schengen will need the approval of all the other EU member states. Reports suggest that Scottish officials will be relying on the goodwill of their counterparts in the EU to secure such an opt-out.
 
Given that the EU has consistently maintained that Brexit means the UK will lose many of the benefits that come with EU membership, including free movement, an opt-out for Scotland may prove to be a difficult ask. 
 
If Scotland is unable to negotiate its own deal, its travelers may find themselves subject to border checks, just like those traveling to other non-Schengen countries. This could lead to longer waiting times at borders and increased costs for travel-related documents. 
 
Despite the challenges, Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon has stated her commitment to exploring all available options to ensure that her country's interests are protected in a post-Brexit world. She has also emphasized that Scotland will work closely with other EU states to make sure that a fair and workable deal can be reached for all.