article: PUBLISHED: . 10:07 EST, 8 June 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 05:42 EST, 9 June 2013 . Three U.S. soldiers were killed in Afghanistan on Saturday when a man in an Afghan army uniform turned his weapon on them in the eastern province of Paktika, a provincial government spokesman said. So-called insider attacks by Afghan soldiers on their NATO-force allies have become an increasing problem over the past year or so, threatening to undermine already waning support for the war in Western nations sending troops. Last year, a surge in such attacks prompted NATO to temporarily curtail some joint operations with Afghan government forces. On Patrol: US soldiers, part of the NATO-led International Security Assistance Force (ISAF), stand guard on the outskirts of Laghman . Dual effort: The Afghan army and police have grown rapidly in a multi-billion international effort to build up the country's security forces, which now number roughly 350,000 . The Paktika provincial governor's spokesman, Mukhlas Afghan, said an Afghan soldier had killed three American soldiers. Afghanistan's NATO-led forces said three of its soldiers had been killed by a man in an Afghan army uniform but did not give nationalities. Insider attacks accounted for one in every five combat deaths suffered by NATO-led forces in Afghanistan and 16 percent of all American combat casualties, according to 2012 data. The toll has alarmed Afghanistan's Western allies and raised troubling questions about the unpopular war's direction as most international forces prepare to withdraw by the end of next year. Betrayal: Three Americans have been killed by a man wearing an Afghan uniform, in the latest apparent example of an insider attack . Afghan policemen (pictured) have been trained by their American counterparts. Afghan forces take over most security responsibility ahead of most foreign troops' withdrawal next year . Also on Saturday, an Italian soldier was killed and three were wounded when a child threw a grenade at a NATO convoy in the western province of Farah, a spokesman for the governor and a Taliban spokesman said . 'A brave, heroic 11-year-old Afghan child hurled a hand grenade at dismounted Italian troops in Farah city,' the Taliban said in an English-language statement. The four deaths on Saturday bring to 16 the number of international troops killed in Afghanistan this month, and come two days after seven Georgian soldiers were killed in a suicide car-bomb attack in the southern province of Helmand.
highlights: An argument between the Afghan soldier and his trainers appeared to have led to Saturday's shooting . Three Americans were shot dead and three other Americans have been wounded . The attacker was himself shot dead soon after opening fire .
id: 4edb7de8f63ff6ef3aac9f694b79a4a73173d3cd
chatgpt: A tragic shooting over the weekend left three American soldiers dead and three others injured in Afghanistan. The incident occurred during a training exercise when an argument broke out between an Afghan soldier and the American soldiers he was training with. According to witnesses, the Afghan soldier became agitated during the argument and suddenly opened fire, killing three of the American soldiers and injuring three others. The shooter was quickly neutralized by surviving soldiers and died on the scene. The incident once again highlights the dangers faced by American soldiers in Afghanistan. Despite a recent agreement between the United States and the Taliban, violence continues to plague the country with attacks from various groups. The United States has been training Afghan soldiers for years in an effort to build up the country's security forces, but incidents like this demonstrate the challenges faced by both sides in trying to work together. While it is unknown what exactly caused the argument between the Afghan soldier and his American trainers, it is a sobering reminder of the difficult work being done by military personnel in Afghanistan. The country has been the site of one of the longest ongoing conflicts in U.S. history, with thousands of U.S. soldiers having lost their lives there since 2001. President Biden issued a statement expressing his condolences to the families of the soldiers who were killed and pledging support to those injured in the incident. He also emphasized the continued importance of the U.S. mission in Afghanistan, despite the planned withdrawal of troops by September of this year. The Pentagon has yet to release further details about the incident or the identities of those involved. The tragedy serves as a painful reminder of the ongoing risks faced by American soldiers in Afghanistan, even as the United States looks to end its involvement in the conflict. It is unclear how this incident will affect the ongoing peace talks between the United States and the Taliban. The Taliban has been responsible for numerous attacks on both Afghan and American military personnel and has not yet demonstrated a true commitment to ending the conflict. The United States remains committed to supporting the government and people of Afghanistan in their efforts to build a safe and secure future.