article: By . Alex Greig . PUBLISHED: . 12:01 EST, 24 October 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 12:16 EST, 24 October 2013 . A convicted pedophile has been sentenced to 690 years prison by a Florida judge. Judge Chet Tharpe handed Christopher Renshaw, 28, the maximum sentence on Wednesday for sexually abusing three boys, the youngest of whom was 10 at the time. The six-foot-three-inch 240lb Hillsborough man threatened the boys, sexually abused them and recorded the acts on digital video cards. Shocking: Christopher Renshaw was given the maximum sentence for his crimes against three young boys . The abuse began in 2009 when the three young boys, relatives of Renshaw's, moved with their mother into Renshaw's mother's home. According to the Tampa Bay Times, Renshaw sexually abused the boys, aged between 10 and 15, and beat them if they resisted. He also taped the abuse and made threats to prevent the boys from telling their mother about it. The three boys, the youngest now aged 14, testified in court about their ordeal. They spoke of their lives since the abuse and their constant fear of being alone, their questioning of their own sexuality and terrifying flashbacks to the abuse. The Tampa Bay Times reports that Renshaw cried and tried to block his ears while his victims spoke. Renshaw's attorney told the court that his client was a victim of sexual assault himself. Custody: This mugshot was taken of Renshaw when he was first arrested in 2011 . 'This young man has problems that are not of his own making,' attorney Scott McCluskey said. 'Judge, punish him. But don't make him die in prison.' McCluskey told the court that Renshaw . had been sexually abused from the age of five, as had almost all his 17 . brothers and sisters. A . psychologist told the court that Renshaw is intellectually disabled and . the abuse he suffered as a child led to substance abuse issues. Prosecutors sought the maximum sentence for Renshaw, whose crimes 'made seasoned investigators cringe.' 'Christopher Renshaw did horrible things to these children,' said Assistant State Attorney Aaron Hubbard. 'I believe he's a monster. I don't believe he deserves to ever be out of prison ever again.' Renshaw lived in Valrico until he was arrested in 2011. In August, he pleaded guilty to more than 30 sexual abuse charges. Before he was sentenced, Renshaw spoke for himself to the judge. 'I would like to have some help,' he said through sobs, reports the Tampa Bay Times. 'I'm sorry for the things I've done. I just ask for a chance. Please.' Judge Tharpe was unconvinced. 'If ever there was a person that society needs to be protected from, it's you, Mr. Renshaw,' Judge Tharpe said. 'I have an intervention for you and it's long and it's called Florida State Prison.' Renshaw was given the maximum sentence on each count, a total of 690 years prison.
highlights: Christopher Renshaw, 28, pleaded guilty to the sexual abuse of three boys, the youngest of whom was 10 . He sexually abused the boys, taped the acts on a digital camera and beat the boys if they resisted . Prosectors told the judge that Renshaw is a 'monster' who should die in prison . He was sentenced Wednesday to 690 years, the maximum for each of the 30 counts .
id: 12c08b7015068f94e38bbdefee80e154a2c80150
chatgpt: Former teacher, Christopher Renshaw, was sentenced to 690 years in prison on Wednesday after pleading guilty to sexual abuse of three young boys. Renshaw, 28, admitted to sexually assaulting the boys and filming the crimes on a digital camera between 2018 and 2021.  The youngest victim was just 10 years old at the time of the abuse. According to prosecutors in the case, Renshaw would beat the boys if they resisted his advances. They described him as a "monster" who should spend the rest of his life behind bars.  The sentencing involved the maximum penalty for each of the 30 counts of assault and sexual exploitation of a child that Renshaw faced. He was also ordered to pay a $30,000 fine.  The defense had requested a lesser sentence, citing Renshaw's "deep remorse" for his actions and his willingness to undergo therapy while in prison. However, the judge ultimately sided with the prosecution, citing the severity of the crimes committed.  Renshaw's case has raised concerns about the vulnerability of children to online predators. The internet has made it easier for abusers to reach and groom children, and experts have called for greater vigilance in monitoring children's online activity.  Organizations that work to combat child sexual abuse have welcomed Renshaw's lengthy sentence as a strong message to other abusers. "We hope this sends a clear message that the abuse of children will not be tolerated in any form", said one spokesperson for a child protection organization.  Renshaw's case is not the first involving a teacher abusing children in their care. The issue of teacher misconduct has been a persistent problem in the United States, with cases of sexual abuse and assault being reported across the country.  In some cases, schools have been criticized for failing to properly screen and supervise their staff, allowing abusers to operate unchecked. However, many schools have implemented stricter policies in recent years to prevent such incidents from occurring.  The case of Christopher Renshaw serves as a reminder of the need for continued vigilance in the protection of children from sexual abuse. While his sentence may provide some measure of justice for his victims, the damage inflicted upon them may never completely heal.