article: People addicted to watching pornography on the internet are in danger of suffering short-term memory loss which can have a major impact on their lives, according to new research. German scientists studied the part of the brain responsible for keeping information in the mind while using it to complete a task, critical for understanding, reasoning, problem solving and decision making. In the first research of its kind, they asked asked 28 men — all heterosexual with an average age of 26 — to look at a number of computer images, some pornographic and some nonsexual. An increasing number of people are now watching pornography on their phones in films starring the likes of former adult movie actress Jenna Jameson (right) The clean images included pictures of people doing a number of activities, such as laughing, playing sports or carrying a weapon. As the volunteers viewed the pictures, they touched a 'yes' or 'no' key to indicate whether the picture was the same as one they had seen four slides previously. The men logged a significantly greater number of incorrect answers when they viewed the porn than when they saw the nonsexual images. On average, they answered correctly 67 per cent of the time when they viewed pornographic pictures, rising to 80 per cent when they saw the clean pictures. According to researchers at the University of Duisburg-Essen, the findings could help psychologists understand why some people with internet porn addictions forget to sleep, miss appointments, shirk job responsibilities and neglect relationships. 'Sexual arousal and its impacts on cognitive processes might explain parts of these negative effects,' the researchers wrote. Previous research has linked the processing of pornographic pictures with areas of the brain responsible for emotion, arousal and attention. Dangerous: New research suggests men who turn to the internet for sexual gratification are risking their short-term memory (picture posed by model) 'Sexual arousal interferes with working memory, an important facet of executive functioning,' said study author Christian Laier, a graduate student studying under psychologist Matthias Brand. Because the current study focused solely on heterosexual men, it is impossible to say whether the findings would apply to gay men or to women. 'It is at its first stage,' said Laier. 'Our results need to be tested with respect to gender and sexual orientation to verify.' The study was published in November in the Journal of Sex Research.
highlights: German study finds men turn forgetful when looking at erotic images .
id: 833c0892d929f4fceca59b244a084a475749c2cb
chatgpt: A recent study conducted by German researchers at the Max Planck Institute for Biological Cybernetics suggests that men might become forgetful when looking at erotic images. The study, which was published in the Journal of Memory and Language, involved 28 heterosexual men who were shown a series of images while completing a memory task. The images were either neutral (such as a landscape) or erotic (such as partially clothed individuals). The participants were then asked to recall details about the images they were shown. The results showed that when the men were shown the erotic images, they were more likely to forget information about the task they had just completed. The researchers believe that this is due to the fact that the brain is allocating more cognitive resources to processing the erotic images than to encoding information about the memory task. "Previous research has suggested that emotional arousal can impact memory formation," said Dr. Hubert Zimmer, one of the researchers involved in the study. "We wanted to investigate whether this would hold true for erotic images as well." The findings have important implications for individuals who may need to remember important information while simultaneously being exposed to sexual stimuli, such as individuals who work in the adult entertainment industry or medical professionals who are responsible for examining patients in a sexual context. "It's important for individuals in these roles to be aware of how their cognitive function may be impacted by exposure to sexual stimuli," said Zimmer. "They may need to develop strategies to mitigate this impact and improve their ability to retain important information." The study also raises questions about the impact of pornography on the brain and its potential to interfere with cognitive functioning. While the study did not specifically investigate the impact of pornography, the researchers believe that the findings could have implications for individuals who consume large amounts of sexually explicit material. "The brain is a complex organ and we are only just beginning to understand how it responds to different stimuli," said Zimmer. "Our findings highlight the need for further research in this area, particularly as the consumption of sexually explicit material becomes more widespread." Overall, the study provides valuable insights into the impact of sexual stimuli on cognitive functioning and highlights the need for further research in this area. As our understanding of the brain continues to evolve, it is likely that we will gain a deeper understanding of how different stimuli impact our cognitive processes, including memory formation.