article: Counter-terrorism police have arrested two men suspected of involvement in the Syrian insurgency at Heathrow Airport in separate operations. The men, aged 19 and 20, are being held in separate South London police stations where they are being questioned by anti terrorism officers. Police arrested the teenager under suspicion that he was travelling to Syria to take part in the insurgency. Operation: Counter-terrorism police at Heathrow Airport have arrested a 19-year-old man who is believed to have been on his way to Syria (file picture) The teenager is not understood to be British was arrested before he boarded the aircraft. Officers have also searched a flat in Camden, London, as part of the the investigation. A spokesman for Scotland Yard said: 'Officers from the MPS Counter Terrorism Command, SO15, have today arrested a 19 year-old man at Heathrow on suspicion of preparing for acts of terrorism (Terrorism Act 2006). 'Officers have searched an address in Camden. The arrested man remains in custody at a police station in south London. Enquiries continue.' The arrest is not in response to any immediate risk or threat. Counter terrorism made a second arrest later, detaining a 20-year-old British national as he arrived at Heathrow Airport. A Metropolitan Police spokesperson confirmed that the second man was arrested under suspicion of sending money or property overseas for the purposes of assisting in terrorism in Syria. A spokesperson said: 'Investigations are ongoing at present. The two arrests are not being linked at the moment.' Earlier this month a Muslim who ran a scheme to prevent . violent extremism yesterday became the first Briton to be found guilty . of travelling to Syria to fight in the civil war. Police said the conviction of Mashudur . Choudhury, 31, was likely to pave the way for others returning from the . fighting to be prosecuted. Security risk: Scotland Yard said the arrest was not related to any imminent threat . Last week Syrian rebel commander Brigadier-General Abdulellah al-Basheer said British jihadists make up the largest . foreign contingent of one of the most violent terrorist groups, . now infamous for beheading, crucifying and stoning to death enemies. Almost two out of three of The Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS) fighters are foreign-born and have chosen to join a group bent on . creating an Islamic state in the war-torn country and Iraq. Yesterday Syrian rebels blew up a tunnel packed . with explosives in the northern city of Aleppo, killing at . least 20 pro-government fighters, activists and rebels said. Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
highlights: Officers have also searched a flat in Camden as part of the investigation . Scotland Yard said the arrest is not in response to an imminent threat . Counter-terror police arrest 20-year-old Briton arriving at Heathrow . Man suspected of providing money or equipment to Syrian jihadists .
id: 1018755955cdde2cd6ab42ca179800974237c2df
chatgpt: A 20-year-old Briton has been taken into custody by counter-terror police at Heathrow airport on suspicion of providing money or equipment to Syrian jihadists. According to Scotland Yard, the arrest is not in response to an imminent threat. Officers went a step further and searched a flat in Camden as part of the investigation. The suspect was taken to a central London police station for questioning. Police say that the investigation is ongoing. The British government has been on high alert concerning domestic terrorism threats. In recent years, the threat of terrorism has grown significantly, with several terror groups seeking to recruit British nationals. The counter-terrorism police have been working tirelessly to try and identify and thwart potential threats. This tactic has led to several successful operations, including the recent arrest. It is not clear if the suspect was acting alone or in conjunction with other individuals. However, the counter-terrorism police believe that he was the main conduit for the transfer of funds and equipment to the Syrian jihadists. The British government has recently undertaken several measures to try and combat the threat posed by terrorism. In addition to increased police activity, the government has also launched campaigns aimed at preventing radicalization and recruitment. The arrest of this young man is a significant blow to the terrorist organization he was allegedly trying to support. It sends a strong message that the UK authorities are relentless in their pursuit of those who seek to do harm to its citizens. In a statement, a Scotland Yard spokesperson said, "We take all reports of terrorism seriously and will always investigate any information that suggests someone may be involved in terrorist activity. We are grateful for the cooperation of the public in this investigation and encourage anyone with further information to come forward." This latest arrest is a reminder that the threat of terrorism remains ever-present in modern-day Britain. However, it is also a show of strength in the government's ability to track and apprehend those involved in terrorist activities. The investigation into this individual's alleged activities is ongoing, and authorities are working to identify any potential co-conspirators. This event serves as a stark reminder of the fact that terrorism is a global problem that requires a coordinated response from all nations. As such, it is crucial that countries continue to work together to combat this threat and keep their citizens safe.