article: By . Peter Allen . Drivers in Paris will only be allowed to use their cars every other day from tomorrow because of dangerous pollution levels. The introduction of the drastic measure follows a grey smog settling over the French capital from the middle of last week. Francois Hollande's socialist government decided to introduce alternative driving days after air pollution exceeded safe levels for five days running. The Eiffel Tower, is barely seen through the smog from Paris. Emissions from the French capital could be blown over by strong south easterly winds until Friday, according to the Met Office . The introduction of the drastic measure follows a grey smog settling over the French capital from the middle of last week . The Saint Vincent de Paul church is seen through the smog. Francois . Hollande's socialist government decided to introduce alternative driving . days after air pollution exceeded safe levels for five days running . Now up to 700 traffic policemen will be drafted into the city to make sure the severe restrictions are enforced. They will allow only vehicles with number plates ending in an uneven digit to take to the roads, beginning at 5.30am on Monday. Motorcycles will also be covered by the ban, and anybody caught flouting them will face heavy fines. Last Friday, public transport was made free of charge in Paris for four days in an attempt to encourage people to leave their cars at home. Up to 700 traffic policemen will be drafted into the city to make sure the severe restrictions are enforced . Pollution levels have reached 180 microgrammes of PM10 particulates per cubic metre, more than double the safe limit of 80 . Francois Hollande's socialist government recently decided to introduce alternative driving days after air pollution in Paris exceeded safe levels for five days running . Pollution is believed to be lingering because of a combination of bright sunny days and cold nights, say experts. Environmentalists fear air pollution is currently rivalling notoriously dirty cities such as the Chinese capital, Beijing, and Mexico City. Pollution levels have reached 180 microgrammes of PM10 particulates per cubic metre, more than double the safe limit of 80. PM10 particulates are emitted by heating systems and heavy industry, as well as by vehicles. A spokesman for France's transport ministry said: 'Pollution levels will be monitored throughout the week to see if the driving restrictions will continue.' Foreigners driving through Paris, including many Britons, will not be prevented from using their cars.
highlights: It is being reported as Europe's worst pollution event since 2007 . Pollution reached 180 microgrammes of PM10 particulates per cubic metre . Only vehicles with number plates ending in uneven digit allowed on roads .
id: 8ecb7393082bade84836fcb6c5d7fb8d6b2c9728
chatgpt: In what is being labeled as Europe's worst pollution event since 2007, residents of major cities such as Paris, Madrid, and Milan are struggling to breathe in the severely polluted air. The concentration of PM10 particulates per cubic meter has reached a staggering 180 micrograms, more than double the recommended limit of 80 micrograms per cubic meter set by the World Health Organization. The pollution has been caused by a combination of factors, including an increase in vehicular traffic, a lack of wind, and high-pressure atmospheric conditions. To combat this crisis, several countries have implemented drastic measures. The French government announced that only vehicles with number plates ending in an uneven digit will be allowed on the roads of Paris and its surrounding areas. This measure will be implemented until the pollution levels decrease to safer levels. The city of Madrid has also taken similar steps by implementing a temporary speed limit of 70 km/h on highways, and banning all vehicles over 7.5 tonnes from entering the city. The governments of Milan and Rome have also enforced a ban on wood burning to decrease the number of particles in the air. The situation is dire, with hospitals experiencing an increase in patients suffering from respiratory problems. The French Environment Minister, Delphine Batho, spoke to the media about the severity of the issue, stating that "We are facing a severe pollution spike, the equivalent of a SARS epidemic". The economic impact of this crisis is also taking a toll on the public. Several companies have warned their employees about the dangers of pollution and have urged them to stay at home. The French hotel industry has also been affected, with a decrease in business as foreign tourists avoid travel to the polluted capital. The root cause of this pollution crisis lies in the increase in car usage, particularly diesel-powered vehicles. While the European Union has set stringent emissions norms for vehicles, studies show that diesel-powered cars emit more harmful particulates than petrol-powered cars. This event serves as a wake-up call for governments and citizens alike, to recognize the severity of air pollution and take measures to reduce emissions. The excessive reliance on fossil fuels for transportation needs to be addressed, and alternative sustainable modes of transport such as cycling and public transport need to be encouraged. In conclusion, the pollution crisis in Europe is severe and requires serious attention. Governments must take swift action to address the root causes of air pollution and work towards implementing sustainable solutions. The health and wellbeing of citizens cannot be neglected, and every effort must be made to ensure cleaner air for all.