article: By . Mark Duell . PUBLISHED: . 07:31 EST, 4 December 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 07:31 EST, 4 December 2013 . A pet owner was left distraught after a council sent away her cat for incineration without her knowing. Louise Gill, 45, of Edgeley, Greater Manchester, spent four days with her husband Tony and son Billy looking for her six-year-old cat Charlie, after it went missing last month. After asking around the neighbourhood, speaking to vets and putting up 'missing' posters, she was contacted by a neighbour who had seen a cat run over on the road and reported it to the council. Loss: Louise Gill, of Edgeley, Greater Manchester, spent four days looking for her six-year-old cat Charlie . When Mrs Gill called Stockport Council, officials confirmed a dead cat had been picked up near her home. She then asked if she could collect her pet for burial at home. But after various phone calls, she was eventually told Charlie had been taken to a tip in Bredbury - and when she rang there, she was told her pet had been cremated in line with their policy. Mrs Gill said Charlie - whom she had owned since he was a kitten - was micro-chipped and should have been scanned after the body was picked up, so she could be contacted. She added: ‘It is a disgrace to all pet owners who pay to have their pets micro-chipped for the council just to throw them away like a piece of rubbish at the tip. ‘It has been such a distressing experience throughout. I still can't believe that they just took him to the tip. It's bad enough to lose a pet without having to go through all this as well.’ Discovered: When Mrs Gill called Stockport Council, officials confirmed a dead cat had been picked up near her home on this road (file picture). She then asked if she could collect her pet for burial at home . A Stockport Council spokesman said: ‘We pass on our sympathy to Louise Gill for her loss. 'It has been such a distressing experience throughout. I still can't believe that they just took him to the tip' Louise Gill . ‘The council has scanned dead animals found on the highway since 2010, and where possible contact the pet owner and notify them of their loss. 'When we pick up an animal, it is taken to a Greater Manchester Waste Disposal Authority facility, where it is stored before being incinerated. ‘Once at the facility, the animal cannot be retrieved. It is regrettable that Ms Gill feels that she has missed an opportunity to retrieve the cat. It was not the intention of any member of staff to add to Ms Gill's distress and we apologise for the delay in Ms Gill receiving a call back.’
highlights: Louise Gill spent four days looking for six-year-old cat when it vanished . Neighbour said she'd seen a cat run over on road and told the council . Stockport Council confirmed a dead cat had been picked up near home . Gill found it had been taken to tip and cremated in line with their policy .
id: 8e10c23add579e78ac8c6e1fb3eeb676faf25deb
chatgpt: A heartbroken cat owner spent four days frantically searching for her beloved six-year-old cat, only to discover it had been taken to the tip and cremated in line with council policy.  Louise Gill, from Stockport, had been desperately searching for her feline friend after it went missing for several days. A neighbour told her that she had seen a cat run over on the road and had reported it to the council.  After contacting the council, Stockport Council confirmed that a dead cat had been picked up near Gill's home. However, to her horror, the council informed her that the cat had been taken to the tip and cremated in accordance with the council's policy.  Gill was devastated by the news and said she was unaware of the council's policy. She said, "I just assumed there would be some sort of protocol in place for lost pets or cats that are involved in accidents. I had no idea that they would be taken to the tip and destroyed." Stockport Council said that its policy is to collect and dispose of dead animals from public land. The council added that it is not obliged to inform owners of the animal's fate unless it is a dog that is microchipped, as they are required by law to inform dog owners. Gill, who had owned her cat since it was a kitten, said she was shocked at the council's response. "It's so upsetting to think that my cat's body was treated like a piece of rubbish. She was a much-loved member of our family and deserved more respect than that." The council has apologised for any upset caused and said it would be reviewing its procedures to see if there is any possibility of improving the way they handle dead animals. Gill has called for the council to be more transparent about its policy and to inform pet owners when their animal's body has been collected. "If the council had informed me that my cat had been found and disposed of, I could have at least given her a proper burial. It's the least she deserved." The story has prompted a debate about how councils should deal with dead animals. Many pet owners are calling for greater transparency and for councils to inform them when an animal's body has been collected. Some are also calling for a change in policy to ensure that animals are treated with more respect after they have passed away. Overall, the heart-breaking story highlights the importance of pet owners microchipping their animals, as this is the only way that council's are legally required to inform an owner about their pet's fate. It is also a reminder to councils to review their procedures and to show more compassion and respect when dealing with the remains of people's beloved pets.