article: By . Louise Cheer . Two of the nation's most well-known Islamic extremists have made it clear that Australian diggers are in their crosshairs, with one saying he could not wait to 'see an Australian soldier crying'. Australian jihadists Mohamed Elomar and Khaled Sharrouf have made new threats on social media - this time levelled at military personnel in Iraq, the Sydney Morning Herald reported. It comes after the Federal Government expressed concern over the growing number of Australians travelling to Iraq to join Islamic extremist groups. Former Sydney boxer Mohamed Elomar, who allies himself with the Islamic State, tweeted a picture of an Iraqi soldier who had been taken hostage and beaten before he was executed. The Islamic State is a breakaway group of al-Qaeda. Scroll down for video . Khaled Sharrouf responded to the tweets by saying: 'Allah...says "kill them where ever you find them".' The Federal Government has expressed concern over the growing number of Australians travelling to Iraq to join Islamic extremist groups . Alongside the photo, Elomar wrote: 'Look at the end of these Iraqi maliki dogs bunch of girls can't wait to see a Australia soldier cyring [sic] saying bakia.' The Sydney Morning Herald reported that 'bakia' meant 'he cries' in Arabic and 'maliki' was a term used to describes the Nouri al-Maliki government, which is led by Shiites. The regime is strongly opposed to Sunni extremists who have torn through Iraq's north in the past few weeks. In response to Elomar's outburst, Sharrouf - who is also part of the Islamic State - tweeted: 'Allah...says "kill them where ever you find them"....' These threats come just days after the Australian Government said almost 60 Australians fight for Islamic radicals in Iraq and Syria . These threats come just days after the Australian Government said almost 60 Australians fight for Islamic radicals in Iraq and Syria, while about 150 Australians were being monitored for supporting terrorist organisations, recruiting fighters or preparing to travel overseas to fight. This information was revealed after Sydney teenager Abdullah Elmir became the third Australian teenager to walk out on his family in June bound for Iraq. It is believed Abdullah, 17, was recruited by an Islamic extremist group to fight in the troubled war zone. He went missing from his family's Bankstown home - in Western Sydney - almost two weeks ago, and has only been heard from once when he contacted his mother to say he was in Turkey.
highlights: Australian radicals Mohamad Elomar and Khaled Sharrouf took to Twitter to make threats . Elomar wrote he 'can't wait to see an Australia soldier crying' Sharrouf replied with: 'Allah...says "kill them where ever you find them"' It comes after it was revealed almost 60 Australians fight for Islamic extremist groups in Iraq and Syria .
id: 91efb4fb6ab5fa966b1f13e94f31ff09b52a41e7
chatgpt: Australian radicals Mohamad Elomar and Khaled Sharrouf have taken to Twitter to express their hostile outlook towards the Australian soldiers. In his recent tweet, Elomar wrote that he "can't wait to see an Australian soldier crying." This statement has sparked widespread outrage amidst Australian authorities who are tirelessly trying to combat the terrorist threat. Sharrouf, who is currently in Iraq, was quick to reply with a verse from the Quran which reads, "Allah... says 'kill them where ever you find them'." This tweet has escalated the situation and has heightened concern for the safety of Australian soldiers in the Middle East. The increasing number of Australians fighting with extremist groups in Iraq and Syria is a cause of concern for the Australian government. Almost 60 Australians are known to have joined the ranks of such groups and this number is increasing rapidly. The Australian government has been stepping up its efforts to counter this alarming trend, but the radicalization of Australian youths is a major challenge. The Australian Prime Minister, Tony Abbott, has strongly condemned the tweets made by the extremists. He has said that such comments show an utter lack of respect for the Australian military personnel serving abroad. The Australian government has also urged social media companies to tighten their policies on hate speech and violent threats. The Australian Defense Minister, Kevin Andrews, has expressed his concerns about the safety of Australian troops serving abroad. He has said that the Australian government is taking all necessary measures to protect the troops and their families. Andrews has also urged the public to remain vigilant and report any suspicious activity that they might come across. The tweets made by Elomar and Sharrouf are not the first of their kinds. In fact, many similar threats have been made in the past by individuals who are associated with extremist groups. Such threats highlight the need for increased cooperation between governments and social media companies to counter the spread of extremist propaganda. In conclusion, the threats made by the Australian extremists towards the Australian soldiers are a cause of concern for the Australian authorities. The Australian government is taking all necessary steps to counter the terrorist threat and protect its citizens. It is important for everyone to remain vigilant and report any suspicious activity to the authorities.