article: Olympic swimming champion Ryan Lochte's parents have lost their Florida home to foreclosure just two years after he pulled in millions of dollars in endorsements. The final judgement on Steven and Ileana Lochte‘s Port Orange, Florida home took place on October 31 last year, according to newly-released court documents. Their son Ryan Lochte, 29, has 11 Olympic medals - five gold, three silver and three bronze - and earned millions of dollars in endorsements from brands such as Gatorade and Ralph Lauren. Ryan Lochte and his mom Ileana Lochte pictured at swimming awards in 2011. The Olympic swimmer's mother and father Steven lost their Florida home to foreclosure in October, new court documents have revealed . Ryan Lochte in an undated photo with his father Steven. The Olympic swimmer's parents have lost their home in Port Orange, Florida . Foreclosure: CitiMortgage has taken control of the Lochtes' home in Port Orange, Florida after they failed to keep up with mortgage payments . His parents were first sued by CitiMortgage in 2012. The bank has claimed that the Lochtes took a loan for $258,000 in 2007 which was due to be repaid at a rate of $1,609.58 a month. However, according to court documents first obtained by RadarOnline, the couple stopped making mortgage payments in 2011 and owed more than $242,000. The judge signed an order in favor of the bank for around $300,000. The bank is yet to put the suburban home up for auction. The Florida property is nestled among trees and, as might be expected, comes with a swimming pool. The Lochtes, who have five children, divorced in 2011, according to court filings. Ryan Lochte, left, is pictured alongside the men's relay team that took gold medals at the London 2012 Olympics . Ryan Lochte's Steven was arrested for DUI in 2010 . Ryan Lochte's earning potential rocketed following his success at the London Olympic Games in 2012. He had his own reality TV show What Would Ryan Lochte Do? on E! but it was canceled after one season. Prior to the 2012 Olympics, Fortune Magazine estimated that Lochte earned $2.3 million from endorsement deals with brands including Speedo Gatorade and Ralph Lauren. He now has an estimated net worth of $3million, according to reports. According to RadarOnline the Olympian was unable to help save his parents’ home. Born in New York, Lochte started swimming at . five years old and was coached by his swimming teacher father. He . qualified for his first Olympic Games in 2004. Lochte has announced he will continue to swim professionally through to the 2016 Olympics in Rio de Janeiro. The swimmer's parents stopped making mortgage payments just months after Steven Lochte, 61,  was arrested for a DUI in April 2010. A misdemeanor DUI meant that Mr Lochte was stripped of his license for one year, Gainesville police said. Lochte has numerous lucrative endorsements earning him millions including with sports drink Gatorade .
highlights: Final judgement on Steven and Ileana Lochte's Florida home took place on October 31 last year . Their Olympic gold-medal winning son Ryan, 29, has earned millions from swimming and endorsements . Suburban home in Port Orange is expected to be put up for auction soon . The Lochtes, who have 5 children, divorced in 2011 .
id: 3930091fb0548565b9dd30dcd45a311a9dad4a02
chatgpt: The Port Orange home owned by Steven and Ileana Lochte, parents of Olympic swimmer Ryan Lochte, is set to be auctioned off soon. The final judgement was made on October 31 of last year.  Ryan Lochte has become a household name after winning numerous gold medals for swimming in the Olympics and securing endorsement deals with various companies. His success has resulted in a net worth of $6 million, according to Celebrity Net Worth.  The Lochte's suburban home in Port Orange, Florida, is expected to be sold to the highest bidder. It's reported that the home is located in a desirable neighborhood, making it an attractive option for potential buyers.  It's no secret that the Lochte family has encountered financial troubles in the past. Steven and Ileana Lochte divorced in 2011, which may have led to the decision to sell their home. The couple had five children, with Ryan being the most famous of the bunch.  Despite their financial troubles, Ryan Lochte has remained focused on his swimming career. The 29-year-old is a 12-time Olympic medalist, and he's still working hard to earn even more accolades in the pool. His determination and focus have been inspiring to many, including his fans and teammates.  Ryan Lochte has also faced his fair share of criticism over the years. In the 2016 Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Lochte was involved in a scandal after falsely claiming that he and his teammates had been robbed at gunpoint. Lochte later admitted to "over-exaggerating" the story and was suspended for 10 months by USA Swimming.  Despite the scandal, Lochte has continued to swim competitively and has even expressed a desire to compete in the 2020 Olympics in Tokyo. He's been training hard in hopes of making the Olympic team once again.  As for the Lochte family home, it's unclear exactly when the auction will take place. But potential buyers may want to act fast, as homes in Port Orange tend to sell quickly due to the area's desirable location and amenities.  Overall, the Lochte family may be facing financial difficulties, but Ryan Lochte's success in the pool has certainly helped ease the burden. As he continues to focus on his swim career, fans will be rooting for him and his family as they navigate this tough time.