article: (CNN) -- Eight people who shared a flight with tuberculosis-infected traveler Andrew Speaker on May 24 filed suit Thursday against him in a Canadian court. TB patient Andrew Speaker set off an international health scare when he traveled to Europe for his wedding in May. Canadian Press reported the suit, filed in Quebec Superior Court, seeks $1.3 million (Canadian $1.4 million) in damages. Speaker, a 31-year-old Atlanta, Georgia, lawyer, caused an international uproar when he disregarded doctors' advice and traveled abroad to get married, potentially exposing his fellow passengers to the disease. Speaking with CNN from a hospital in Denver, Colorado, where he is undergoing treatment, Speaker said he is aware of the pending litigation but has not heard from his attorney in Montreal, Canada. "I am not some trust-fund baby, and there is nothing to go after," he said. Rosalind Yee -- an attorney for the plaintiffs who said her clients include a ninth person related to one of the passengers but who was not on the flight -- said all eight passengers have undergone TB tests since they returned home. One of them, a 72-year-old man, tested positive for TB on a skin test, though it was not clear that Speaker was the source. The man's X-rays were normal, she said, and he is awaiting results of further tests. Speaker and his fiancee flew to Europe May 12, despite warnings from the Fulton County Health Department in Georgia that he should not fly because he was infected with a multidrug-resistant strain of the bacteria called MDR-TB. Once there, the CDC said, test results back in Georgia indicated he had a rare, more serious strain of the tuberculosis bacilli called extensively drug-resistant TB, or XDR-TB. That news led U.S. public health officials to try to persuade Speaker to turn himself in to Italian health authorities so that he would not risk infecting others. Speaker has said he disregarded their recommendation and returned to North America on a commercial flight from Prague to Montreal because he had been told he was not infectious, he could not afford to hire a private plane, and he was afraid that, if he were to remain in Italy, he would not be able to get the cutting-edge treatment available in the United States. Speaker was allowed on May 24 to cross from Canada into the United States at Champlain, New York, despite a warning from the CDC to border agents that he posed a public health threat and that a CDC doctor should be alerted if Speaker were to seek entry. The Customs and Border Protection officer said he let Speaker enter the country because the man did not appear sick. The officer was suspended and later retired. Doctors at National Jewish Medical and Research Center in Denver have since determined that Speaker is infected with MDR-TB, not the more serious XDR-TB. The CDC says the change in diagnosis would not have affected their recommendations regarding travel. E-mail to a friend .
highlights: Eight people on flight with Andrew Speaker sue him for $1.3 million . Lawsuit is filed in Canada, where plane carrying litigants landed . Georgia health officials say they recommended Speaker avoid travel . Patient's diagnosis downgraded to a less dangerous strain of disease .
id: c06fac10e4f6ba5c78fd9aa7d9d45b2b9f7b0636
chatgpt: Eight people who were on a flight with Andrew Speaker, a man who caused a public health scare by travelling despite a drug-resistant form of tuberculosis, are suing him for $1.3 million. The lawsuit was filed in Canada, where the plane carrying the litigants landed after Speaker was caught trying to enter the United States from Europe. According to the lawsuit, Speaker knew he was infected with tuberculosis and endangered the health and safety of everyone on the flight with him. The litigants claim that they suffered physical, mental, and emotional distress as a result of being exposed to the disease. Georgia health officials have said that they recommended Speaker avoid travel before he left the country, but Speaker ignored their advice and flew to Europe for his wedding. While there, he was diagnosed with extensively drug-resistant tuberculosis, a rare and dangerous form of the disease. However, in a surprising turn of events, Speaker's diagnosis was later downgraded to a less dangerous strain of the disease. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) in the United States announced that Speaker did not have the most dangerous form of tuberculosis after all, and that he was not as contagious as initially believed. Nevertheless, the eight people on the flight with Speaker claim that they were not aware of his updated diagnosis at the time of their exposure to him. They argue that Speaker's negligence and disregard for the health of others justify their claim for damages. The lawsuit was filed under Canadian law, as that is where the plane carrying the litigants landed. It remains to be seen whether the court will uphold the claim for $1.3 million in damages, but the case highlights the serious consequences of travelling with a contagious disease. Speaker's case drew attention to the issue of drug-resistant tuberculosis and raised questions about the adequacy of public health measures to prevent its spread. At the time, many health officials called for stricter regulations on international travel and better tracking of people who may pose a risk to others. In the years since Speaker's case, public health authorities have worked to improve their response to tuberculosis and other infectious diseases. Nevertheless, incidents like this one serve as a reminder of the importance of responsible travel and the need for vigilance in preventing the spread of contagious diseases. The eight plaintiffs in this case have taken a step to hold Speaker accountable for his actions and to draw attention to the risk he posed to others. It remains to be seen whether their claim will be successful, but the lawsuit serves as a reminder of the potential consequences of reckless behaviour when it comes to contagious diseases.