article: A three-limbed elephant was given a new lease of life when it was fitted with a brand new prosthetic leg in Thailand. Mosha, the nine-year-old female elephant, lost her leg when she stepped on a landmine back in 2006. The MaeYao National Reserve in Lampang, who claim to have built the world’s first elephant hospital, has attached five prosthetic limbs to Mosha since her arrival. Mosha, the nine-year-old female elephant, lost her leg when she stepped on a landmine back in 2006 . Brought to the hospital at seven-months-old, Mosha became the first elephant in the world to be fitted with an artificial leg. Since then her continued growth has resulted in staff building a number of increasingly stronger bespoke legs to help support the animal's weight. In the video the three-legged elephant is initially shown struggling to walk around the enclosure before it rests its stump on a wooden rail. The video shows the elephant struggling to walk around the enclosure before resting its stump on a wooden rail . Approaching the elephant, staff at the MaeYao National Reserve attach the brand new bespoke leg to Mosha . Staff approach it with the artificial leg and after pulling on a sock, attach it to the elephant’s stump. Walking off further into the enclosure, Mosha, who appears visibly pleased with the leg, can be seen scooping up sand in her trunk and throwing it over herself as if in celebration. The Elephant hospital within the MaeYao National Reserve was opened by Soraida Salwala in 1993. Since then it has treated over 3,900 sick and injured elephants from numerous ailments including broken bones, gunshot wounds, eye infections and drug addictions. Mosha looks visibly pleased with her new prosthetic leg and begins throwing sand over herself as if in celebration .
highlights: Mosha lost her leg when she stepped on a landmine back in 2006 . She was brought to the elephant hospital in Lampang at seven-months-old . Since then she has had five artificial legs attached to her stump . Video was taken at the MaeYao National Reserve in Thailand .
id: f119491eb7d65f0b33efbd7134bb20845e24335e
chatgpt: Mosha, a seven-month-old elephant, lost her leg after stepping on a landmine back in 2006. Fortunately, she was rushed to the elephant hospital in Lampang where she received the care she needed to survive.  But since then, Mosha has had to rely on artificial legs to walk. According to her caregivers, she has had five different legs attached to her stump over the years in order to accommodate her growing size and weight.  Recently, a video was captured at the MaeYao National Reserve in Thailand featuring Mosha and her prosthetic leg. The heartwarming footage shows Mosha walking around confidently, clearly making great use of her prosthetic limb. Mosha is just one of many elephants who have been injured by landmines in Thailand. The country is known to have one of the highest rates of landmine-related accidents in the world. According to a report by Human Rights Watch, there were approximately 1,200 mine-related incidents in Thailand between 1998 and 2018, resulting in 413 deaths and 1,197 injuries. Organizations such as the Friends of the Asian Elephant Hospital have been working to provide aid to elephants like Mosha for years. They offer everything from medical care to prosthetic limbs to help these majestic creatures regain their mobility. In the video, it's clear to see that Mosha has adapted well to her new way of life. Her artificial limb allows her to move around freely and enjoy her surroundings just like any other elephant.  The success of Mosha's story is a testament to the dedication of the caregivers and organizations who work tirelessly to help animals like her. With the continued efforts of these groups, hopefully, injuries like Mosha's will become a thing of the past.