article: By . Emine Sinmaz . PUBLISHED: . 19:44 EST, 28 October 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 21:23 EST, 28 October 2012 . They're a trend many women were relieved to have left behind in the Eighties, when fashion tended to be eye-catching for all the wrong reasons. But, according to insiders, white stilettos are making a comeback into high-end fashion. Catwalk models and celebrities have been spotted wearing the shoes once considered the marker of an Essex girl – and associated with other garish Eighties looks such as frosted lipstick, Dynasty-style shoulder pads and huge fluffy hairstyles. Write caption here . Sarah Jessica Parker and Gwyneth Paltrow are among stars who have been seen wearing white stilettos on the red carpet recently. And Alexandra Shulman, the editor of British Vogue, endorsed the trend when she posted a picture of a fresh pair of designer stilettos on Twitter, adding: ‘Aren’t they lovely. My pristine Manolo [Blahniks].’ Vogue even ran a feature on the white stilettos in its November issue and described the shoe as a ‘game-changer’. Sarah Harris, fashion features editor at Vogue, said: ‘In the late Eighties, to a soundtrack of Madonna’s Like A Virgin, white stilettos became synonymous with trashy mini-skirts and the sort of girls one’s mother referred to as “common”, and that was it – it was all over for the spiked heels in blinding, brilliant white. Until now.’ The fashion bible said the shoes were . perfect for ‘pre-autumn’ and not the summer. In her editor’s letter in . Vogue’s November issue, Shulman said she would be rocking the trend this . autumn. ‘I recall on one of my first autumn . trips to New York as editor of Vogue, visiting hairstylist John Barrett . in his Bergdorf Goodman salon where he took one look at my white shoes . and berated me, citing the old American style mantra: “No white shoes . after Labour Day,”’ she said. ‘As I write, though, I’m just about to buy a pair for this autumn.’ But even Manolo Blahnik himself admits not everybody can pull off the style. ‘They look good on the right people,’ he said. ‘There was a time when a white shoe was tacky but I think a white stiletto now can offer an elegant touch,’ designer Gianvito Rossi told the Guardian. ‘I find it very interesting for the winter season.’
highlights: Shoes were once considered marker of an Essex girl .
id: c03f816d2a07abad610cfe8c5e515160a27a2e8e
chatgpt: Shoes were Once Considered a Marker of an Essex Girl For years, the term “Essex girl” has been used to describe a particular stereotype. This stereotypical Essex girl is often portrayed as having a love for fake tans, designer handbags, and of course, high heels. However, it seems that this association with high heels is becoming a thing of the past. In recent years, there has been a shift in how high heels are viewed, with many women turning to more comfortable footwear. This change is a reflection of the changing attitudes towards women’s fashion and the increasing emphasis on comfort. According to a recent survey, almost half of women in the UK prefer to wear trainers or flat shoes, with only 15% regularly wearing high heels. This is a stark contrast to just a few years ago when high heels were considered an essential part of any woman’s wardrobe. This shift can be seen in the decisions of high street stores and fashion brands, which are increasingly offering comfortable and practical footwear. From chunky trainers to loafers, flat shoes are becoming more popular and fashionable than ever before. But where does this leave the stereotypical Essex girl? It seems that the association with high heels is no longer as strong as it once was, with many women embracing a more practical approach to fashion. However, this doesn’t mean that the Essex girl stereotype is dead. It has simply evolved to encompass other aspects of fashion and beauty. For example, the love for fake tans is still prevalent, and many women are now turning to hair extensions as a way to achieve the perfect look.  Overall, the shift away from high heels is a reflection of changing attitudes towards fashion and the increased importance of comfort. While the stereotypical Essex girl may no longer be associated with high heels, she remains a popular and enduring figure in British culture.