article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 05:37 EST, 23 December 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 09:13 EST, 24 December 2012 . Marijana Bego and artist Eric Haze pictured at a New York art exhibition in 2010. Ms Bego plunged to her death from the top of the building which housed her own gallery . An 'eccentric' co-owner of a high-end New York art gallery who plunged to her death from her Upper East Side shop had been facing mounting debt and personal problems, it has been revealed. Marijana Bego, 54, was found lying in the middle of Madison Avenue after falling from the top of the five-story building in the Upper East Side, home to her Bego-Ezair gallery on Madison Avenue. Police believe she committed suicide, according to the New York Post. The paper has reported she left a note in which she mentions the financial pressures and personal torment she’d been grappling with in her final weeks, according to a law-enformcent source. Artist Amy Cohen Banker, who saw her exhibit open last week at the gallery, said Ms Bego had been left frustrated after a fall in art sales. She said: 'But I never ever saw this coming. 'She had plans to keep the galleries going. 'It’s hard for me to believe she committed suicide, I feel really shocked that she did that.' Ms Bego, originally from Switzerland, owned two other New York galleries, which were frequently visited by members of high society such as the Hearst family and descendants of Winston Churchill, said the paper. Renowned for featuring up-and-coming talent in her galleries, Ms Bego was in business with real estate executive Khedoury Ezair. News of her death, which detectives at first believed was caused by a hit-and-run accident because if severe injuries to her legs, has sent shockwaves through the New York art scene. A close friend told the paper: 'I just can’t believe she would jump. Maybe its just the stress of the season. 'She was very outgoing and edgy because that’s the nature of this business. She dressed very edgy, presenting herself to be younger than she really was.' Artist Wanda Murphy said Ms Bego sold one of her paintings for $30,000. 'Her focus in life was art,' she said. 'That’s all she ever lived for.' R. Couri Hay, whose PR firm represented Ms Bego’s gallery had known her for 10 years, and added she was always 'extremely high-strung and eccentric, and kind of kooky'. Popular: Ms Bego's Ezair gallery in New York was frequented by members of high society . Earlier this year, Ms Bego celebrated her 300th art opening, with a collection of oil works by Lash called Imagined Memories — A Family Album . The friend who spoke to police said she last saw Ms Bego at a gallery showing in October, and that she appeared to be in good spirits. Ms Bego was pronounced dead at Lenox Hill Hospital, having suffered multiple injuries. New York Post website .
highlights: Gallery owner Marijana Bego plunged five floors from building in New York . Had been facing mounting debt and personal problems, sources say . Friends say she was 'kooky', 'highly-strung', and 'lived for art'
id: 8152a159efdf80c60a3f28951675f204bc12f6b0
chatgpt: Marijana Bego, a well-known gallery owner, plunged five floors from a building in New York City. The incident has sent shockwaves through the art world as friends and colleagues try to make sense of the tragedy. Sources say that Bego had been facing mounting debt and personal problems leading up to her death. While it is unclear whether these issues contributed to her decision to jump from the building, it is evident that she was struggling in her personal life. Friends and colleagues describe Bego as "kooky," "highly-strung," and someone who "lived for art." Her passion for art was evident in her work as a gallery owner, where she helped promote new and emerging artists to the world. Bego was originally from Split, Croatia, and was part of a community of expatriate artists and creatives living in New York City. She was active in the community, often hosting events and exhibitions to showcase the work of local artists. One of Bego's closest friends, Marko Knez, spoke about the shock and sadness he felt upon hearing the news. "Marijana was a force of nature. She was always creating, always pushing boundaries," he said. "It's hard to believe that she's gone." Bego's gallery, which showcased contemporary art from around the world, was a fixture in the New York City art scene. She often worked with emerging artists to help them get their start in the notoriously competitive world of art. "Marijana was one of the most passionate people I've ever met," said Sara Thomas, an artist who worked with Bego on several projects. "She truly lived for her work, and her love for art was infectious." While the details surrounding Bego's death are still being investigated, many people in the art world are grappling with the loss of such a talented and passionate individual. Her legacy will undoubtedly live on through the artists she helped promote and the works she helped to showcase. "This is a huge loss for the art world," said Knez. "Marijana was a true visionary, and her contributions to the arts will be sorely missed. All we can do now is honor her memory and keep fighting for the things she believed in."