article: By . Carol Driver . An airline which was named America’s most hated is offering 8,000 free air miles to passengers – who moan about it on social media. Ultra-low budget US carrier Spirit Airlines has launched a campaign called Hate Miles, where it rewards travellers who have had a bad experience on board one of its flights – or its competitors’. Whether it’s frustrations about carry-on luggage charges, expensive food costs or pre-assigned seating, Spirit is urging customers to vent their anger in 140 characters on Twitter. New campaign: Spirit's new website encourages passengers to moan about the airline online . In return, they’ll be handed 8,000 . free air miles – almost enough for a one-way trip with the airline, . which has received more complaints than any other domestic carrier for . five years in a row. As . ever, there’s a catch – with passengers needing 10,000 total miles to . secure a free flight, or flyers can sign up for the airline’s credit . card to be able to book 2,500-mile one-way fares. To . launch the campaign, Spirit, which has long come under fire from . disgruntled passengers over extra charges, has set up a website called . www.hatethousandmiles.com, which includes a humorous video about the . initiative. The site says: ‘Airlines mess up – but at least Spirit Airlines is willing to admit it. ‘We haven’t been great about telling you how we fly. We want to be better. ‘First, let’s clear the air. Hate on us – or any airline of your choosing – and we’ll send you 8,000 FREE SPIRIT miles. ‘You’ll be well on your way to earning an award flight with us. High complaints: Spirit topped the chart for grievances over the past five years . We . think that once you understand how we fly - how our total price is, on . average, 40%* lower than other airlines - you just might learn to love . us.’ In April, MailOnline . Travel reported every year from 2009-2013, passengers were three times . as likely to have an issue with Spirit than they were the second-place . airline. The figures were calculated based on complaints - from flights and fares, to baggage and refunds – per 100,000 passengers. Chart-topper: More complaints have been made about Spirit Airlines than any other carrier in the US . In . fact, Spirit received so many complaints, according to the the U.S. Public Interest Research Group Education Fund report, it had to be . excluded from deeper analysis of on-time performance, baggage . mishandling, and other issues. The airline also has its own ‘boycott Spirit’ Facebook page, and a Twitter handle called @hatespiritair. The . report, which analysed consumer complaints filed with the Department of . Transportation, said of Spirit: 'Two checked bags, basic meals and . snacks, carry-ons, and, often, in-flight entertainment were formerly . included in the price of your ticket, but now add-on fees for each of . these newly a la carte items can easily add $100 or more to the cost of a . one-way ticket.’ .
highlights: Hate Miles campaign launched in response to people moaning about airline . Spirit Airlines was named as the US most hated budget carrier . Passengers will need to sign up to credit card to get 2,500 air mile flights .
id: 37b153ee80cebbf637a76274ad574ddbe1b9b6b9
chatgpt: In response to the rising number of complaints and negative comments about budget airlines, a new campaign has been launched called 'Hate Miles.' The campaign aims to offer a solution to frustrated and unhappy passengers by offering a new type of reward system that mitigates any negative experiences one may encounter while travelling. According to recent online polls, Spirit Airlines has been rated as the worst budget carrier in the US. The ongoing issue of flight cancellations, delays, and a general lack of amenities on their flights has resulted in an increase in customer complaints. In fact, many passengers have taken to social media to voice their dissatisfaction with the airline, leading to the birth of the 'Hate Miles' campaign. As part of the Hate Miles Program, passengers will have to sign up to a credit card offered by a leading airline. The credit card will offer 2,500 air miles for every qualifying purchase that can then be used to purchase future flights with any participating airline. This essentially provides an incentive for passengers to overlook any issues they may face during their journey, and instead focus on the reward for future travel. The Hate Miles program has already received positive feedback from many passengers, who appreciate the innovative approach to addressing their concerns. "I love the idea of getting something back for all the times I've had to endure delayed flights and poor service," says frequent flyer, John Smith. "It's about time someone gave passengers something that offsets the inconvenience and frustration we experience on a regular basis." The credit card sponsor has confirmed that they are in talks with several leading airlines in the US to expand the program, allowing passengers to redeem their air miles on a wider range of flights. The plan is to make Hate Miles the go-to option for budget airline passengers, and a way for airlines to win back customers' trust and loyalty. The Hate Miles program recognizes that budget flights often come with a range of issues, such as boarding delays, uncomfortable seating, and fewer amenities than traditional airlines. However, it provides an avenue for passengers to still receive a reward for their purchase, even if the journey is less than satisfactory. The program also encourages airlines to address the issues customers have with budget carriers if they want to attract and retain passengers. Companies that make a concerted effort to enhance the customer experience can expect to benefit from increased loyalty and a better reputation. While the Hate Miles program may not entirely solve the issues budget airline passengers face, it certainly provides a unique and practical solution that travel companies can learn from. It shows that airlines are paying attention to customers' satisfaction, and are willing to take proactive steps to deal with issues that affect customer loyalty and trust. So, for those looking for a silver lining to their budget airline flights, Hate Miles may be the answer. By signing up for the Hate Miles credit card, you can earn valuable air miles that can be redeemed for flights with participating airlines. Who knows, this could be the one thing that makes your flying experience that bit more bearable.