article: By . Paul Collins . Tim Sherwood has branded the obsession with the way in which managers carry themselves as 'nonsense' and claims some only continue to get hired because of the way they project themselves. The 45-year-old was sacked as Tottenham manager at the end of last season despite enjoying a modicum of success at White Hart Lane. Many believe that decision was down to his touchline demeanour and outspoken nature in the press, but Sherwood stands by his style. Different to the rest: Tim Sherwood was lively during his spell as manager of Tottenham last season . Paying the price for enthusiasm? The 45-year-old was sacked by chairman Daniel Levy at White Hart Lane . 'I don't care about perception,' the former Blackburn midfielder wrote in his Independent column. 'My reactions on the touchline were emotionally honest. 'When you are out there on your own you go through massive highs and lows. I don't think it is wrong to show your emotions. 'But it is something that is picked up on by people in football. And there are some managers who use it to their advantage. They project an image. There are a lot of actors out there.' Two men who can't be accused of any calculated emotion are Miguel Herrera and Jorge Sampaoli. The Mexico and Chile bosses have been real characters at this summer's World Cup and have lived every moment of their sides' tournament thus far. The pair go into this weekend with real chances of upsetting the apple cart; Chile play Brazil on Saturday with Holland waiting for the Mexicans. Characters: Mexico's Miguel Herrera (left) and Chile's Jorge Sampaoli have lit up this summer's World Cup . And the energy given off by their respective bosses is something Sherwood has admired. 'I like Mexico's coach Miguel Herrera. He is there in the moment,' he said. 'There is nothing forced about him. So too Jorge Sampaoli. He prowls around that technical area with intensity. He doesn't spend any time checking how he looks on the stadium screens. 'As a football person, I like that.' He added: 'I have spoken to a few people in football since I left Spurs. Many of them have told me that If I had kept my mouth shut on certain issues I might still be manager. There are some people at football clubs who think that the demeanour of a manager, what he says to the press and the television after the match, is more important than how he prepares his team. It's a nonsense.'
highlights: Ex-Tottenham boss was always lively on the touchline at White Hart Lane . Sherwood said he likes Miguel Herrera and Jorge Sampaoli .
id: ce4e5080c39a1dc1bb45098c94882227bf6e2bc7
chatgpt: Former Tottenham Hotspur manager Tim Sherwood, known for his lively presence on the touchline at White Hart Lane, has weighed in on the topic of potential successors to the vacant managerial position at the North London club. Sherwood, who was in charge of Spurs from 2013 to 2014, has expressed his liking for two of his fellow football managers - Miguel Herrera and Jorge Sampaoli. Both Herrera and Sampaoli, who hail from Mexico and Argentina respectively, have made names for themselves in the world of football through their tactical and strategic nous. Miguel Herrera, currently the manager of Mexican club Club America, has had a relatively successful career in management. His most notable achievements include leading the Mexican national team to the round of 16 in the 2014 World Cup, as well as winning the prestigious Liga MX title with Club America in 2013. Jorge Sampaoli, on the other hand, has made waves in management circles due to his tactical brilliance. The Argentine has coached several top teams including Sevilla, Santos, and Argentina. His most notable achievement came in 2015, when he led Chile to their first-ever Copa America triumph, defeating Argentina in the final. It remains to be seen whether Tottenham Hotspur will consider either Herrera or Sampaoli for the managerial role, but Tim Sherwood's endorsement could be seen as a vote of confidence for both managers. Sherwood, who himself had a mixed stint at Tottenham, expressed his admiration for Herrera and Sampaoli in an interview with TalkSport. "I like Miguel Herrera, I think he's a great coach, and he could do a great job at Spurs. And of course, Jorge Sampaoli, who's done great work with Argentina and Sevilla. Either of these two could be a great fit for Tottenham." Tottenham Hotspur have been on the lookout for a new manager ever since Jose Mourinho was shown the door last month. Several names have been thrown into the mix, including the likes of Julian Nagelsmann, Brendan Rodgers, and Roberto Martinez. Whoever takes over the reins at Tottenham will have a lot of work to do, with the team currently languishing in seventh place in the Premier League table. The new manager will also be expected to take Tottenham to greater heights in domestic and continental competitions, something that Mourinho was unable to achieve during his stint at the club. Whether or not Tottenham Hotspur takes Tim Sherwood's opinion into consideration while making their decision remains to be seen. But one thing is for sure - the race for the manager's job at White Hart Lane is heating up, and with several big names in the picture, it's anyone's guess who will come out on top.