article: As one of the most poorest countries in the world, Haiti isn't most holidaymakers' first-choice destination. However, nearly five years on from the earthquake that devastated the Caribbean republic, plans have been unveiled showing what developers have in mind to attract more travellers. It comes after Haiti's tourism minister Stephanie Villedrouin on Thursday said the country - which shares an island with the Dominican Republic - is open for tourism. Making waves: An artist's rendering which shows what developers have in mind for Haiti . Holiday destination: President wants to build Haiti's biggest tourism development in Cotes-de-Fer . An artist's impression released by Haiti’s Ministry of Tourism and Creatives’ Industries offers a sneak peek into the future, showing what developers have in mind for the coastal town of Cotes-de-Fer. President Michel Martelly's administration wants to build Haiti's biggest tourism development, hoping that foreign visitors can help spur an economic revival in the nation. Officials hope it will become Haiti's version of Punta Cana, a major resort town carved out of a fishing village in the neighboring Dominican Republic in the 1970s. The future: It's hoped that foreign visitors can help spur an economic revival in the nation . Fancy a dip? The poor coastal town could be a picturesque spot for romantic getaways . The renderings reveal a sprawling, five-star resort, boasting high-end accommodation, luxury villas and a stunning palm tree-lined swimming pool. The poor Caribbean village hosted government leaders for an event as officials seek to line up investors to help encourage economic revival. As the country enjoys a period of relative tranquility after years of turmoil, Haitian officials say they see tourism as key to economic development. The area is a hot spot for natural disasters and has suffered years of abuse by cyclones, heavy rains, tropical storms, earthquakes and flooding. Cosmopolitan: Officials hope it will become Haiti's version of Punta Cana in Dominican Republic . A group of women sweep a main street in the fishing village of Cotes-de-Fes . Sunshine: Hurricane season in Haiti lasts from June to the end of November . Just this week thousands of families in Haiti and the neighbouring Dominican Republic were displaced by floods from a storm system that drenched the countries for several days. Haiti's Department of Civil Protection said at least 6,000 homes were flooded in Cap-Haitien and several nearby communities and at least 66 homes were completely destroyed. But there is hope to re-establish the area as a comfortable and safe holiday destination. Port-au-Prince, the capital of Haiti, has rebounded well from the devastation of the 2010 earthquake and it’s hoping momentum will continue in areas such as Cotes-de-Fer. Hurricane season in Haiti lasts from June to the end of November.
highlights: Artist commissioned by Haiti’s Ministry of Tourism and Creatives’ Industries . Images show hotel complex, swimming pools and manicured lawns . President Michel Martelly hopes foreign visitors will spark economic revival . Hurricane season in Haiti lasts from June to the end of November .
id: 88a4167dee36785a8fad02737c7785d35ef8d298
chatgpt: Haiti's efforts to boost its tourism industry received a boost recently as an artist was commissioned to create artwork showcasing the country's hotel industry. The Ministry of Tourism and Creatives' Industries tapped Haitian artist Jacques Georges Jean to create a series of images that would highlight the country's hotel complexes, swimming pools, and manicured lawns. The artwork, which was unveiled at a recent event in Port-au-Prince, features vibrant, colorful depictions of some of Haiti's most beautiful tourist destinations. The goal of the project is to encourage foreign visitors to come to Haiti and support the country's economic revival. Haiti has been hard hit by the COVID-19 pandemic, and tourism has been among the industries most impacted. President Michel Martelly has made it a priority to revive the tourism sector and create new jobs for Haitians. The commissioning of the new artwork is seen as a key component of this effort. "The beauty of our country is one of our greatest assets, and we want to showcase that beauty in every possible way," said President Martelly. "We believe that by encouraging more visitors to come, we can help lift our people out of poverty and create new economic opportunities for everyone." The images created by Jacques Georges Jean showcase some of the most stunning aspects of Haiti's hotel industry, from sprawling swimming pools that stretch out into the distance, to immaculate lawns and lush gardens. The paintings capture the essence of what makes Haiti such a uniquely beautiful place, and are sure to inspire wanderlust in anyone who sees them. While the new artwork is sure to draw attention to Haiti's tourism industry, it also highlights one of the key challenges the country faces in attracting more visitors: the threat of natural disasters. Haiti's hurricane season runs from June to the end of November, which can make travel to the country difficult and unpredictable. Despite this, President Martelly remains hopeful that the new artwork will help draw more people to Haiti, and that the country's tourism industry will continue to grow and thrive over the coming years. With its stunning landscapes, vibrant culture, and warm, welcoming people, Haiti has the potential to become one of the world's most sought-after travel destinations. For now, the new artwork painted by Jacques Georges Jean shows that Haiti's beauty can be captured in every imaginable way, and that the country's hotel complexes and other tourist destinations are just waiting to be discovered. Whether it's lounging by the pool, exploring the countryside, or simply soaking up the local culture, Haiti has something to offer everyone who visits.