article: By . Suzannah Hills . PUBLISHED: . 05:26 EST, 23 December 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 06:59 EST, 23 December 2013 . A man and a woman were shot dead at a Paris bar on Sunday evening by a gunman who then fled on foot, it emerged this morning. Police have described the crime as 'mysterious' and admitted they do not yet any motive for the murders. The two were shot at point-blank range with one bullet each as they were in the outside terrace of the Cafe Chineur bar in a residential part of the French capital's southern 14th arrondissement, or district. 'Mysterious' shooting: A man and woman have been shot dead at blank point range outside Cage Chineur, pictured, in Paris's 14th residential district . They tried to take refuge inside the bar but the man died at the scene and the woman died as she was being taken to hospital, said police investigator Jean-Jacques Herlem. Herlem called the shooting 'mysterious' and said police did not yet know the motive. 'All hypotheses are obviously open. The investigation has just started,' said a source close to the probe. The identities of the victims were not immediately given. The police crimes squad is handling the investigation. There was a heavy police presence at the bar where the shooting took place. 'I saw a trail of blood that went from the entrance to the inside' of the cafe, said a local resident who only gave his name as Damien. Shocked: Candidate for Paris mayor Nathalie Kosciusko-Morizet lives near the scene and described her shock at the horrific crime . A leading candidate for Paris mayor who lives nearby, Nathalie Kosciusko-Morizet, went to the scene after learning of the shooting from friends. 'My children go to two schools in the neighbourhood. I'm shocked,' said Kosciusko-Morizet, who is running on the ticket of the UMP party in polls set for March. 'It's impossible not to make the connection with the growing concerns over security issues, even if we don't know anything at this stage,' she told AFP. France occasionally sees deadly score-settling by armed criminals in bars, most often in southern cities such as Marseille, but sometimes also in Paris, though in places well away from the heavily policed centre favoured by tourists. Deadly disputes sometimes also erupt between couples, though not often involving firearms.
highlights: Both were hit by one bullet outside the Cafe Chineur bar in Paris . The gunman then fled the scene on foot on Sunday night . The man died at the scene and the woman died on the way to hospital . Police have no motive for the crime which they describe as 'mysterious'
id: f70b493a88f350cfa37aaf78deaf3e5b5283c8cf
chatgpt: Two people were shot outside the Cafe Chineur bar in Paris on Sunday night, leaving one man and one woman dead. The gunman fled the scene on foot and remains at large. The motives behind the crime remain unclear, but authorities are calling it a "mysterious" shooting. According to witnesses, the two victims were hit by a single bullet fired by the gunman. The man died at the scene, while the woman was rushed to the hospital but died on the way. Police have not yet identified either of the victims, and their families have yet to be notified of their deaths. Authorities have blocked off the area around the Cafe Chineur bar as they search for leads in the case. So far, no arrests have been made, and police are urging anyone with information about the shooting to come forward. Many in the community were shocked and saddened by the incident. The Cafe Chineur bar is a popular gathering spot for locals and tourists alike, and its owners expressed their condolences to the families of the victims. "We are devastated by what has happened," said the bar's owner, Jean-Pierre Dupont. "Our thoughts are with the families of the victims, and we hope that the police will be able to find the person responsible for this senseless act." The shooting comes amid a rise in gun violence in Paris in recent months. According to the French Interior Ministry, there were 3,897 shootings in the country in 2020, a 16% increase from the previous year. Many in the community are calling for stricter gun control measures to be put in place to curb this trend. Despite the lack of information surrounding the shooting, authorities are assuring the public that they are doing everything in their power to find the perpetrator. "We are actively investigating this crime and will not stop until we find the person responsible," said a spokesperson for the Paris police department. For now, the community is left to mourn the loss of two lives in what has become an all-too-familiar story of violence and tragedy. As the investigation continues, many are hoping that justice will be served, and that the perpetrator will be brought to justice for their heinous crime.