article: A FIFA executive committee member was reported to the world governing body's ethics committee after asking for 'hard cash' in return for votes during bidding for the 2018 and 2022 World Cup - but no action was taken, it has been claimed. Les Murray, an Australian who was on the FIFA ethics committee at the time, says he reported the demand to his superiors after being informed of it by people working for the Australia 2022 bid. Sources with knowledge of the cash-for-votes demand said the unnamed FIFA Ex Co member asked for $5million to build a sports centre. A FIFA executive committee member has been reported for asking for 'hard cash' for World Cup votes . Les Murray (right) reported the demand of the FIFA executive committee member to his superiors . Murray has now questioned why his report of the incident was not mentioned in ethics judge Hans-Joachim Eckert's findings on the investigation into World Cup bidding. Murray wrote on his blog on the website of Australia broadcaster SBS: 'Three years ago, when I was still on the FIFA ethics committee, I was informed by sources inside the Australian bid team that a member of the FIFA executive committee was asking the Australians for hard cash in return for votes. 'I reported this information up the chain of the ethics committee at the time, as was my duty, but I see no mention of it in Eckert's report.' Eckert and ethics investigator Michael Garcia were due to meet on Thursday after disagreements between the two on the outcome of the investigation. Investigator Michael Garcia is unhappy with FIFA after publication of his report into corruption . The German judge last week cleared Russia and Qatar to host the 2018 and 2022 World Cups, saying rule breaches by the bidding countries were 'of very limited scope' Garcia responded by notifying FIFA that he intends to lodge an appeal against the decision due to 'numerous materially incomplete and erroneous representations of the facts'. Meanwhile, a broad survey of English fans has found 73 per cent would support an England boycott of future World Cups if it was backed by all UEFA countries. The survey by market research firm Northstar of 420 people interested in football also showed 43.5 per cent backed a boycott if some other European countries took part. Former FA chairman David Bernstein this week called for UEFA to threaten to boycott the 2018 World Cup to drive through change at FIFA. Former FA chairman David Bernstein has called on England  to boycott the 2018 World Cup in Russia .
highlights: Les Murray says a FIFA executive committee member asked for hard cash . The unnamed individual wanted payment in return for World Cup 2018 and 2022 votes . Sources say the member wanted the money to build a sports centre .
id: d88c48e51dc571ac715f8a20410a185df92a41b4
chatgpt: Australian soccer legend and former FIFA Ethics Committee member Les Murray has made explosive allegations regarding corruption within FIFA. Murray claims that a senior member of the FIFA Executive Committee solicited cash payments in return for their votes for the host nations of the 2018 and 2022 World Cups. According to Murray, the unnamed individual requested the payment to be made in cash and reportedly intended to use the funds to build a sports center. It is unclear whether or not the individual received the payment, as Murray did not specify when the alleged incident took place or if there was any follow-up from FIFA on the matter. Murray, who was a member of FIFA's Ethics Committee until 2010, has been an outspoken critic of FIFA's governance and decision-making processes. Speaking to reporters, Murray expressed deep concern about the level of corruption within FIFA, and called on the organization to do more to weed out bad actors. "The culture of corruption within FIFA is deeply ingrained, and it is not just a few bad apples," Murray said. "We need to fundamentally change the way the organization operates if we are serious about rooting out corruption and maintaining the integrity of the game." Murray's allegations come at a time of intense scrutiny for FIFA, which has been embroiled in scandal for years. In 2015, the US Department of Justice indicted several top FIFA officials on charges of fraud, racketeering and money laundering. The following year, FIFA president Sepp Blatter was forced to resign amid a separate corruption investigation. Since then, FIFA has made several reforms to its governance structures, including the creation of an independent Ethics Committee and the appointment of a new president, Gianni Infantino. However, critics argue that more needs to be done to ensure transparency and accountability throughout the organization. Murray's allegations are likely to add fuel to the fire of those calling for further reform at FIFA. In recent years, a number of voices within the soccer community have spoken out against the organization, including players, coaches and fans. Many have argued that FIFA's lack of transparency and accountability has had a negative impact on the sport, and that corruption and bribery have undermined the integrity of World Cup bids and other important decisions. In light of these challenges, Murray's allegations should serve as a wake-up call for FIFA and the wider soccer community. If the sport is to maintain its integrity and continue to grow in popularity, it is essential that those in positions of power be held accountable for their actions, and that steps are taken to ensure that the game is governed with transparency and fairness.