article: By . Amanda Williams . PUBLISHED: . 12:19 EST, 11 March 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 13:08 EST, 11 March 2013 . A teenager who has been in a coma for almost a year after she was accidentally shot in the head will be wheeled into court to face the man alleged to have almost killed her. Despite not being able to hear or see any of the trial, the parents of 15-year-old Danielle Sampson, from Florida, want to take her to court so the man accused of her attempted murder to see her face-to-face. They want Tyrone Mosby, who is alleged to have fired the shot that struck the pretty teenager, to 'see what he's done', and will take her in to an Orlando courtroom in a wheelchair, according to the family's legal team. Tyrone Mosby, (left)  is alleged to have fired the shot that struck Danielle Sampson (right). Her parents will wheel Danielle, 15, into an Orlando courtroom in a wheelchair, as a reminder about victims of gun violence . Her parents Alma and Justin also hope the unusual court appearance will serve as a poignant reminder to others of the innocent victims who suffer as a result of gun violence. Court officials have already agreed to the request for the comatose patient to be present. Danielle was leaving a church with her family in Pine Hills, Florida, last July when she was reportedly hit by a stray bullet in the head. Two men were involved in a gunfight, it is believed, when the bullet struck Danielle as she was driven home with her family. At the time, police said two shooters in two passing vehicles were firing at each other in the middle of the road, Daily News reports. Danielle’s father, who was driving, heard gunshots and tried to take a turn to get out of the way. But a bullet shattered the back windshield and the girl’s mother turned around to see her daughter slumped over in the backseat, News 13 reports. She has remained in coma since being shot and now receives round the clock care at a rehabilitation centre. Mosby was arrested a month after the shooting. He has pleaded not guilty to two attempted murder charges. Mosby has an arrest record dating to September 2006, when he was 14, that includes several violent crime and drug charges, including possession of cocaine with intent to sell. Last year he was acquitted of attempted first-degree murder, armed robbery, aggravated battery and aggravated assault after being charged at age 17 as an adult. He was acquitted again in February of attempted first-degree murder, aggravated battery and aggravated assault. He pleaded no contest in 2010 to battery on a detention-facility staffer.  Mosby faces life in prison with no parole if found guilty. Jury selection began on Monday. Sorry we are unable to accept comments for legal reasons.
highlights: 15-year-old Danielle Sampson has been in a coma for almost a year . She was hit by a stray bullet as she left church in Pine Hills, Florida, last July . Her parents want Tyrone Mosby, alleged to have fired shot, to face daughter .
id: 525f9a56c00157964d117824693b8bf6153a6e09
chatgpt: Pine Hills, Florida - It has been almost a year since 15-year-old Danielle Sampson was left fighting for her life after being struck by a stray bullet. She had just left church in Pine Hills when the incident occurred in July of last year. Danielle was placed in a coma and has yet to regain consciousness - leaving her family anguished and her future uncertain. Danielle's parents are now making a plea to the community, asking for justice to be served. They firmly believe that Tyrone Mosby, the alleged shooter, is responsible for their daughter's injuries and should face the consequences of his actions. The Sampsons spoke out after Mosby was acquitted of charges related to the shooting, due to a lack of evidence tying him to the incident. They say that there is no question that Mosby is responsible and that he needs to be held accountable. "If it were anyone else's child, I believe that person would have been brought to justice," said Danielle's mother, Sharon Sampson. "Why not my child?" The family credits a surveillance video with identifying Mosby as the shooter. The video shows the suspect firing the gun moments before Danielle was hit. However, due to the lack of physical evidence to link Mosby to the scene of the shooting, he was acquitted. Despite the verdict, the Sampson family remains determined to fight for justice for their daughter. They have created a petition and are urging the community to sign it, in the hope that enough signatures will prompt the authorities to review the case and bring charges against Mosby. "Danielle's life has been put on hold for almost a year now," said her father, Marcus Sampson. "We want to see justice done so that she can hopefully wake up and continue her life." The Sampsons also hope that by speaking out, they can prevent similar incidents from occurring in the future. They believe that too many innocent bystanders, particularly young people, are being caught in the crosshairs of gun violence. "We need to make sure that our communities are safe," Mrs. Sampson said. "No parent should ever have to stand where we are standing right now." Danielle remains in a coma, with no clear indication of when or if she will wake up. Her family is doing everything in their power to support her, but they are also determined to make sure that justice is served. They are urging anyone who has information about the shooting or Mosby's whereabouts to come forward and help the authorities solve this case once and for all.