article: (CNN) -- It wouldn't be Christmas without a celeb in a onesie. Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson joined "LIVE with Kelly and Michael" hosts Kelly Ripa and Michael Strahan for a little Christmas karaoke smack down on their show. The trio donned Christmas onesies and Johnson offered his version of "Here Comes Santa Claus." The star posted a picture of his performance on Instagram with the caption "Here comes Santa Claus, here comes Santa Claus right down Santa Claus lane..." #KaraokeKING #LIVEWithKellyAndMichael #ChristmasEveShow #RealGsWearOnesies." He wasn't the only one enjoying the festivities. Taylor Swift had earlier posted a selfie with her adorned tree and later tweeted "My dad just gave me ten lint rollers for Christmas, not for lint but 'because you always have glitter all over you'. Great start, Swifts." Based on Beyonce's Instagrams she's enjoying a white Christmas with husband Jay Z, a helicopter and plenty of snow - all the better to chill the bottles of bubbly she snapped photos of buried in the white stuff. Twitter let us know that Jennifer Lawrence spent some time giving back by visiting Kosair Children's Hospital in Louisville, Kentucky. Victoria's Secret model Alessandra Ambrosio posted a picture of a smooch with fiance Jamie Mazur next to their tree with the caption "All I want for Christmas #itsthattimeoftheyear #christmas #holiday." Kim Kardashian reminisced about past holidays by posting a picture of her and sisters Khloe and Kourtney when they were little girls, wearing their festive pajamas and nightgowns. Her caption read simply: "Merry Christmas!"
highlights: The Rock performed in a onesie . Taylor Swift's dad got her lint rollers . Beyonce had a cold Christmas .
id: b408d78fb8bda7f9d04a0391529437807bd8911d
chatgpt: Celebrities seem to take Christmas as an opportunity to show off their unique style and lifestyle. This was no different during the festive season of 2020. Here are some of the memorable moments captured during the occasion.  Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson surprised his fans during Christmas by posting a video on his Instagram account wearing a onesie pajama. The pajama was a red and black checkered plaid pattern and had a cozy feel to it. The video featured the actor wishing his fans a Merry Christmas and thanking them for their support during the year. Many of his fans appreciated the effort he made to spread cheer during the holidays while some could not help but comment on his unique sense of fashion. Taylor Swift's dad made headlines during the festive season after gifting his daughter lint rollers as part of her Christmas present. Swift revealed this on her social media, and it caused quite a stir among her fans. Lint rollers may not be the most glamorous present, but it appears that it was a practical one, given Swift's love for cats. She has been photographed many times with her feline friends, and thus, it's likely that she needs to keep her clothes hair-free. Even Queen Bey couldn't escape the grasp of the common cold during 2020's holiday celebrations. Beyoncé was reportedly ill during Christmas Day and spent most of the day resting in bed. Several fan pages reported the news, and the hashtag "#getwellsoonBeyonce" started trending on social media. Despite her illness, the music icon posted photos of herself with her family, including her daughter Blue Ivy, on her Instagram account.  In conclusion, these three celebrity stories made headlines during the festive season of 2020. It seems that even during the holidays, celebrities can't escape the gossip and attention of their followers. Nonetheless, it's clear that these moments can spread joy and entertainment for all involved.