article: By . Jamie Redknapp . This whole World Cup looked like it was set up for Wayne Rooney to become the scapegoat. But he answered his critics with a fine performance against Uruguay. He was our silver lining. Roy Hodgson said the nation had an obssession with Rooney, but he fuelled it by sticking him out on the left wing for the Italy game after two years of playing him through the middle. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Van Persie say Rooney isn't to blame for England exit . Stepping up to the plate: Wayne Rooney answered his critics against Uruguay . Striker's instinct: Rooney was in the right place to tap in Glen Johnson's cross . Down and out: Phil Jagielka, Steven Gerrard and Rooney look dejected at the final whistle . My best manager . Terry Venables. An innovator, a coach who would switch tactics and change it around. The players loved playing for him. England have spent 20 years trying to find someone like him — and haven’t. My favourite momentGazza’s goal against Scotland in Euro 96. I was on the pitch with him, joined in the Dentist Chair celebration… the goal was genius and the celebration was fun. My favourite playerPaul Gascoigne. The Dutch man-marked him at Italia 90. The Dutch! Shows you how good he was. Strikers are sensitive types and if you doubt them, you’ve lost them. Playing on the wing would have been a kick in the teeth for Rooney, but he picked himself up and delivered when the whole country was waiting for him to fail. He put in a shift, worked hard and was unlucky not to have a hat-trick. He was England’s most dangerous player. Diego Costa is being sold to Chelsea for £30million and looked half the player Rooney did. Imagine the hounding he would have received if he had done what Daniel Sturridge did: come off with a dead leg against Italy with England losing — then start the next game a few days later. Instead, Rooney got on with his job. There’s no point comparing him to Luis Suarez — who is a freak of nature — but we should cherish him. Head in hands: Rooney can't hide his disappointment as England blew it . Early exit: Danny Welbeck, Rooney and Daniel Sturridge trudge off .
highlights: Roy Hodgson played Rooney out of position on the left against Italy . Manchester United man responded and was biggest threat to Uruguay . Rooney broke his World Cup duck with second-half tap in .
id: 5eaaa3ff0603917ef638fc7c05c2c2a9b95441dd
chatgpt: England's World Cup campaign got off to a disappointing start with a 2-1 loss to Italy in Group D. However, one positive from the game was the performance of Manchester United's Wayne Rooney, who was played out of position on the left by manager Roy Hodgson. Rooney, who had struggled to make an impact in pre-tournament friendlies, responded well to the positional change and was England's biggest threat against Uruguay in their second group game. The 28-year-old broke his World Cup duck with a second-half tap in, rekindling hopes that he could play a crucial role in England's campaign. Hodgson has often been criticised for his team selection, but his decision to move Rooney to the left was vindicated by the forward's performance against Uruguay. Despite his unfamiliar position, Rooney showed flashes of his best form, linking up well with midfielders Jordan Henderson and Steven Gerrard. It was no surprise then that when England needed a goal, it was Rooney who delivered. In the 75th minute, he pounced on a rebound from a well-struck Daniel Sturridge shot and slotted home coolly to level the scores at 1-1. Rooney's performance against Uruguay won him praise from pundits and fans alike. Former England striker Gary Lineker tweeted, "That's what goalscorers do. They keep getting in the right place at the right time. Huge moment for @WayneRooney." Hodgson was also full of praise for the striker, saying, "He looked very dangerous all night. He was unlucky not to score in the first half, but he kept his head up and got the goal we needed." Rooney's goal was not enough to secure England the win, however, as a late goal from Luis Suarez condemned Hodgson's side to a 2-1 defeat. England's hopes of qualifying for the knockout stages now hang in the balance, with their final group game against Costa Rica on Tuesday. Despite the disappointment of the Uruguay defeat, there were plenty of positives to take from Rooney's performance. His goal should give him the confidence boost he needs to continue performing at the highest level, while Hodgson can take heart from the fact that his tactical gamble paid off. England fans will be hoping that Rooney can continue to thrive in his new position, and that he can help fire England to glory in the rest of the tournament.