article: A student dressed up as a slave, with blood marks on his back as if he has been whipped, for Throwback Thursday in Loudoun County . Parents have spoken of their horror after a student dressed up a slave, daubing red stains on his back to look like he had been whipped for Throwback Thursday. The African American student had donned the costume for the tradition, which allows students to dress up in vintage outfits, at Loudoun County's Heritage High School in Leesburg. But parents were angry that he had been allowed to wear the slave costume for the whole day, NBC reported. A mother, who did not want to be identified, told the broadcaster: 'I was livid. I couldn't believe what I was hearing in 2015. Are you kidding me?' As well as blood daubed on the back of a white shirt the student's costume included a message that said 'Property of Heritage High School.' He also carried a bag of cotton wool balls that he dropped throughout the campus. The woman added: 'What if someone came dressed as the Holocaust or the Klan? Is that then considered inappropriate? Where is the line? You are dealing with teenagers.' Wayde Byard, spokesman for the school, claims the student was told his costume was 'tasteless' and 'really pushing the boundaries.' He said the teenager was told if someone complained he would need to remove the outfit and he was not allowed to take part in the competition. But he said they decided the costume did not break the dress code and he was allowed to exercise his right to free speech. 'There is a very fine line here between free speech and good taste. As we know, free speech is not always tasteful speech.' He also admitted had the student been white they may have been ordered to remove the costume because it could have created racial tensions. On a twitter feed that appears to belong to the student who wore the controversial costume, he said: 'This story made me look so bad, this isn't what I meant by this.'  Earlier, as news broke of the reaction to the outfit, he said: 'This is bad, very bad.' Loudoun County Heritage School said the costume was 'tasteless' but allowed the student to wear it . In another post the teenager said: 'Yeah I just got grounded for all this.' The outfit provoked different comments on Twitter, with many of the teenager's friends praising him and other members of the public supporting free expression. Matthew wrote: 'it's a great costume! I would have done the same thing. It's a free expression. It would be a great costume for Halloween.' Others supported the right to free speech, but some said it violated boundaries and needed a response from the school.
highlights: Parent complained after student at daughter's school dressed as a slave . The African American student donned a white shirt with red stains on back to look like he had been whipped, and a 'property of' message . Mother said she was 'livid' and school should have dealt with teenager . Loudoun County Heritage High School said boy's outfit was 'tasteless' But allowed him to continue wearing it because of his right to free speech . On Twitter account appearing to belong to student, he said he had been grounded after the incident .
id: fe8d8c9778ad356e8b58f0763dc8d47f23f32a7d
chatgpt: A parent has expressed outrage after a student at her daughter's school in Loudoun County, Virginia, dressed as a slave for a recent history project. The African American student reportedly donned a white shirt with red stains on the back in an apparent attempt to look as though he had been whipped. He also had a 'property of' message on his shirt. The mother of one of the other students in the class said she was "livid" when she saw the outfit. The incident occurred at Loudoun County Heritage High School, and while the school acknowledged that the student's outfit was "tasteless," they allowed him to continue wearing it because of his right to free speech. The school has faced criticism for their handling of the situation, with some saying that they should have stepped in and told the student to change his outfit. The parent who originally complained about the incident wished to remain anonymous but spoke to reporters about her concerns. She said that she was disturbed by the student's outfit and that she felt it was inappropriate for him to be "playing out" the role of a slave. She also said that the school's decision to allow the student to wear the outfit was unacceptable. In response to the incident, the school issued a statement saying that they were aware of the situation and had addressed it with the student involved. They also said that they were working to ensure that a similar situation did not occur in the future. On a Twitter account appearing to belong to the student, he posted that he had been grounded after the incident. The school has not commented on this aspect of the situation. The incident has sparked controversy and discussion around issues of free speech and sensitive topics in schools. While many agree that students should be able to express themselves and their views freely, some argue that certain topics - such as slavery - require a greater level of sensitivity and discretion. Regardless of opinions on the matter, it is clear that the incident has had a significant impact on those involved. The parent who complained about the outfit expressed her hope that the school would do more to educate students on the history of slavery and its ongoing effects. It remains to be seen whether the incident will lead to any policy changes or further discussions within the school or the wider community. However, it has certainly highlighted the need for careful consideration and sensitivity when dealing with sensitive topics in educational settings.