article: By . Helen Lawson . PUBLISHED: . 10:59 EST, 1 June 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 12:59 EST, 1 June 2013 . A 78-year-old widowed grandmother has started primary school so she can begin to make the most of her passion for politics. Mariana Ong'ango Ololo turned up unannounced for class at Obambo Primary School in Yenga village, south-west Kenya last month, wearing full uniform and accompanied by her 56-year-old son George. A week later, once staff had discussed how best to deal with an older pupil, Mrs Ololo walked for two miles from her home in Siaya county to join 86 other Class One pupils for lessons, reports the Daily Nation. Mariana Ololo has started school alongside younger pupils in Class One at Obambo primary in Siaya county, Kenya . Mrs Ololo, 78, plays football with her younger classmates at Obambo primary school . Class teacher Beatrice Akinyi helps Mrs Ololo to write her name during a lesson. The grandmother was welcomed to the school once teachers planned how to deal with an elderly pupil . The mother-of-eight is frail, the paper reports, and had to miss two days of school in her first fortnight because of illness. But her son George Ololo, who attended Obambo as a child, said his mother, who was widowed in 2002, was 'unstoppable'. Mrs Ololo was inspired to get a formal education by the election of 51-year-old Uhuru Kenyatta as Kenya's president in April and by the digital advances his government plans to introduce. 'Uhuru Kenyatta is not an old man, but . took over as fourth President because he has got an education. That is a . clear indicator that a person cannot rank highly in society without an . education,' she told the Daily Nation. Mrs Ololo said the recent election of President Uhuru Kenyatta showed how important it was to get an education . Mrs Ololo pictured working at her home in Yenga village, Siaya county . 'I normally feel I have not spoken my . heart out whenever I speak to visitors that come with my sons. I wish I . could speak to them directly,' she said. Her five sons finished secondary school, despite her husband Andrewo's 'meagre earnings', with one now studying for a master's degree in South Africa. Mr Ololo said his mother has long been interested in politics and . has campaigned for aspiring politicians in her area, mobilising support to help former MP . Edwin Yinda and former area councillor Adero Kayenga to election . victories. Teacher Beatrice Akiniyi shook hands with Mrs Ololo, who becomes the 87th pupil in her class . 'It wasn’t easy letting her go to school,' he said. 'At first we thought it was a joke, but she insisted. We asked her how . she would survive in class, for she is a smoker. She promised to let go . of tobacco as long as she was in class. So we had no option but to . fulfill her wish.'
highlights: Mariana Ong'ango Ololo is the 87th pupil in Class One at Obambo primary . The widow walks two miles to attend school in Yenga village, Siaya county . She says she was inspired to get a formal education by the new president .
id: ead65ef3c2de57c1f9eec274c72e50889fd7ffa9
chatgpt: Mariana Ong'ango Ololo is making history at Obambo Primary School in Yenga village, Siaya County. At 87 years old, she is the oldest student in Class One, and she is inspiring many others in her community to pursue education regardless of their age. Ololo, who is a widow, walks two miles every day to attend school. She says that she was inspired to get a formal education by the new president, who has been advocating for education for all citizens. She believes that education is the key to unlocking opportunities and improving the quality of life for herself and her family. Ololo is not alone in her pursuit of education. Many other elderly individuals in her community have expressed interest in joining school since they learned about Ololo's journey. The school's headteacher, Mr. Omondi, says that they have received numerous inquiries from elderly citizens who want to enroll in school. The school has welcomed this newfound interest in education from the elderly members of the community. The teachers say that they are thrilled to have Ololo and any other elderly individuals in their school, as they bring a wealth of life experience and wisdom to the classroom. One of Ololo's fellow students, a 7-year-old girl, says that she is proud to be in the same class as Ololo. She says that seeing someone so much older than her attending school gives her hope and inspiration to work hard and achieve her own educational goals. Ololo's determination to pursue education at her age is commendable. It takes a lot of courage and resilience to take on such a challenge, but Ololo is determined to see it through. She says that she enjoys learning new things and meeting new people in school. Ololo's story has already garnered national attention, with many people praising her determination and commitment to education. Even the President of Kenya has taken notice of Ololo's story, tweeting about her and encouraging more citizens to pursue education. Ololo's story is a reminder that education is a journey that never ends. It's never too late to pursue education, and everyone deserves the chance to learn and grow. Ololo is an inspiration to her community and to all of us who strive to be lifelong learners. With her unwavering determination, Ololo is well on her way to achieving her lifelong dream of earning a formal education. And in doing so, she is inspiring a whole new generation of learners to follow in her footsteps.