article: His father's turbulent time as Prime Minister doesn't appear to have discouraged Euan Blair from seeking a career in politics. According to The People Tony Blair's 28-year-old eldest child is keen to follow in his father's famous footsteps by standing as a Labour MP. A family friend said: 'Euan has been thinking about a career in politics for some time. Cherie is particularly pleased. She likes the idea of a Kennedy-style Blair dynasty.' Dynasty: A family friend has said Cherie Blair likes the idea of her eldest son Euan, left, taking up a career in politics . Friends have said Euan is eager to improve his Labour credibility by taking up a public sector post and he is believed to have left his job with investment bank Morgan Stanley. According to Labour MP Tom Watson the young Blair has shown commitment to the cause by knocking on doors in previous by-elections and is a 'genuine Labour activist'. A spokesman for Tony Blair's office said: 'The Blairs will support their . children in whatever they decide to . do, but the idea that either of them is interested in a dynasty is pure . invention.' Earlier this month Euan had to walk past . anti-war campaigners as he joined his father at a Labour Party . fund-raiser with Ed Miliband. The rally at The Emirates Stadium in London marked Tony Blair's return to mainstream politics. Making moves: Euan Blair was with his his father and mother as well as Ed Miliband and his wife Justine at a fundraiser in the Emirates Stadium in London . Mr Blair wants to get back into the profession after picking up £20million last year through public speaking and advising banks and foreign governments. It is not the first time Euan has hit the headlines, 12 years ago he was arrested by police when he was found vomiting on the pavement in London as he celebrated his GCSE results. The news broke just days after Tony Blair had announced that he wanted to introduce spot fines for anti-social behaviour. After completing his degree in ancient history at Bristol University Euan worked as an intern in the U.S. for Democrat and also Republican politicians.
highlights: Mum Cherie 'likes the idea of Kennedy-style dynasty' Euan wants to work in public sector post to build his Labour credentials .
id: 0612063cce631d2815689b04443fd6fce597db77
chatgpt: Cherie Blair, the wife of former Prime Minister Tony Blair, has hinted that she would like to see her son Euan pursue a career in politics. Speaking at an event in London, Mrs. Blair said that she would "like the idea of a Kennedy-style dynasty" in the UK. Euan Blair, who is currently a trainee at the financial firm Goldman Sachs, has been linked to a potential Labour Party candidacy in the future. According to reports, he is keen to work in the public sector in order to build up his credentials and increase his political profile. Mrs. Blair's comments are likely to fuel speculation about Euan's political aspirations, although she acknowledged that there were potential pitfalls to a dynastic approach to politics. "It's difficult because you don't want people to feel that you're just passing on things to your children," she said. Euan, 37, has largely kept a low profile since his father left office in 2007. He has reportedly been involved in charitable work and has also set up his own education technology company. However, he is said to have ambitions to follow in his father's footsteps and embark on a political career. Mrs. Blair's comments about a potential dynasty in UK politics come at a time of great uncertainty for the country. The ongoing Brexit negotiations have caused deep divisions both within and between the major political parties, and there is growing concern about the lack of experienced figures in British politics. Some analysts argue that a Kennedy-style dynasty would be beneficial for the Labour Party, which has struggled to find a credible leader since the departure of Tony Blair. With the party now led by Jeremy Corbyn, who is seen as a divisive figure by many in the mainstream of British politics, there is a sense that the party needs fresh blood and new ideas. Whether Euan Blair is the right person to provide that fresh perspective remains to be seen. However, his interest in the public sector and his desire to build up his political credentials suggest that he is serious about pursuing a career in politics. For now, though, Euan is focused on his work at Goldman Sachs and is said to be keen to avoid any public speculation about his future plans. Only time will tell whether he will emerge as a new star of British politics, or whether he will choose to pursue other paths in life.