article: A planned two-day strike by Lufthansa pilots is threatening to create more chaos for holidaymakers and business travellers. German pilots’ union VC is calling a strike for Monday and Tuesday after talks broke down over retirement benefits. It is the ninth time this year that Lufthansa pilots have staged a walkout. Grounded: Lufthansa pilots are staging a two-day walkout after talks broke down over retirement benefits . The VC union said the Germany-wide strike would last from midday on Monday to 11:59pm on Tuesday for short- and medium-haul flights, as well as from early morning to late evening on Tuesday for long-haul flights. Pilots flying for Lufthansa Cargo will also strike on Tuesday. Flights operated by budget arm Germanwings are not affected. Cologne-based Lufthansa has not said how many flights are expected to be cancelled during the strike. A similar walkout in October affected more than 200,000 travellers as the carrier was forced to cancel hundreds of flights, including dozens between destinations in the UK and Germany. Misery: A strike in October forced Lufthansa to cancel hundreds of flights . Lufthansa and its pilots are at odds over proposed changes to an early retirement scheme that was developed decades ago. The airline said the latest strike is completely disproportionate and called for an immediate resumption of talks. It said it made concessions in recent talks, including a five per cent pay rise, but reiterated that it would not accept a demand that new pilots, as well as those already with the company, should be able to retire at 55. This is the ninth time this year that Lufthansa pilots have gone on strike . The ongoing dispute has been costly for Lufthansa. Eight previous walkouts by staff this year wiped more than £125m off the carrier's operating profit, adding to pressure from a stuttering global economy and increased competition. Lufthansa plans to use other pilots from within the group who are not on expensive collective labour agreements to staff tourist routes, where the brand, which usually focuses on business travellers, is trying to reduce costs. Passenger transport in Germany has also been disrupted by train drivers' strikes this year.
highlights: German pilots' union is calling a strike for Monday and Tuesday . It is being held after talks broke down over retirement benefits . Unknown how many flights or passengers will be affected . Similar walkout in October forced cancellation of UK-Germany flights .
id: 943ac1d90345c876f4408b9c297f45be5070342c
chatgpt: Passengers traveling to and from Germany on Monday and Tuesday may encounter disruption to their travel plans as the German pilots' union, Vereinigung Cockpit, has called for a strike. The decision to strike followed the unsuccessful negotiations between the union and airline companies on the contentious issue of retirement benefits.  The strike action has left passengers with uncertainty over how many flights and services will be affected. The union has not revealed any details of the extent of the strike, though a similar walkout in October resulted in the cancellation of numerous flights between the United Kingdom and Germany. The decision to strike stems from tensions arising from the recent negotiations between airline companies and the union. The union has been challenging the airline companies' plans to reduce retirement benefits for pilots. The industry leaders have argued that they are necessary to cut costs amid the COVID-19 pandemic, which has hit the aviation industry hard.  The German pilots' union has urged airlines to start taking their pilots' concerns seriously and to address the issue of retirement benefits. The union believes that by cutting their benefits, the airline companies are exposing them to unnecessary financial risk and threatening their livelihoods.  The strike has come at a time when the airline industry is already struggling with crippling losses, and travel demand has plummeted due to the pandemic. The impact of the strike could add to the existing challenges facing airlines, which have been grappling to remain afloat as the pandemic's impact continues to grow. The strike has elicited mixed reactions, with some sympathizing with the pilots who have been affected by the looming cuts in retirement benefits, while others have criticized the timing of the strike, claiming that it could cripple Germany's efforts at economic recovery. Passengers traveling during the strike are advised to stay informed of the latest developments and to check with their airlines before heading to airports. The authorities have encouraged the union and airline companies to return to the negotiating table and find a way forward that is amicable to both parties to avoid further travel disruption.  In the meantime, the strike by the German pilots' union serves as a stark reminder of the long-term impacts of the pandemic on the aviation industry and the challenges that lie ahead. It remains to be seen how the airline companies will respond to the strike and whether an agreement can be reached to avert further disruption to air travel.