article: By . Daniel Miller . PUBLISHED: . 04:59 EST, 12 October 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 06:20 EST, 12 October 2012 . A frantic search is underway for a mother and her two young daughters who have not been seen in more than five days ago. Aneta Marsek, 33, was last seen leaving her parents' home in Wauconda, in Lake County Illinois, with daughters Chevelle, 2, and Macenzie, four months, at around 7pm Saturday night. She was reported missing by her estranged husband Dan Marsek. Family members have been trying to call Aneta's cell phone for days but there has been no response. Missing: Aneta Marsek, 33, (centre) and her daughters Macenzie, four months, (left) and Chevelle, 2, (right) have not been seen since Saturday night . Yesterday police cordoned off the family home in the nearby village of Volo. A CSI van was parked in the driveway and investigators were seen moving in and out of the house with equipment. Family friend Kelly Lizzo told Chicago's WGNTV: 'We're worried about her. We're worried about the kids. 'We don't know what happened. We don't know where she is, and of course, not knowing, anything and everything is going through your head.' Investigation: A CSI van is seen parked in the family home in the village of Volo, Lake County, Illinois . Search: A CSI team carrying equipment out of the family hom. Mrs Marsek and her daughters were reported missing by her estranged husband Dan . Police have issued an 'endangered missing person' notice and are appealing to the public for help. Aneta Marsek is described as a white female, 5ft 10ins tall weighing around 150 pounds. She has brown hair and hazel eyes. Both the little girls have brown hair and brown eyes. They were driving a black Chevrolet Trailblazer, with Illinois plates, registration: CZAJA28. It may have damage to the rear bumper. Anyone with information regarding their wherabouts should contact the Lake County Sheriff’s Office Criminal Investigations Division at (847) 377-4250 or Lake County Radio (847) 549-5200. Vehicle: Mrs Marsek was driving a black Chevrolet Trailblazer, with Illinois plates, registration: CZAJA28 .
highlights: Last seen leaving parents' home in Wauconda, Illinois on Saturday night . Police and CSI team searching family home in the nearby village of Volo . She was driving a black Chevrolet Trailblazer, with Illinois plates .
id: 77e050926832e6bee9ab5217b598bef81b30ddb8
chatgpt: Police in Illinois are currently searching for a young woman who was last seen leaving her parents' home in Wauconda on Saturday night. Relatives of the woman became concerned when she failed to return home and subsequently reported her missing. According to reports, the woman was driving a black Chevrolet Trailblazer, which had Illinois plates. It is believed that she left her parents' home alone and has not been heard from since that time. As part of their search for the missing woman, police have enlisted the help of a CSI team. They are currently searching the family home in the nearby village of Volo for any clues that may lead to her whereabouts. Sources close to the investigation have revealed that authorities are treating the case as a missing persons case, but have not ruled out foul play. The woman's family and friends are said to be extremely concerned for her safety and are urging anyone with information to come forward. Several theories have been put forward as to what may have happened to the missing woman. Some believe that she may have been involved in an accident or become lost, while others have suggested that she could have fallen victim to a violent crime. Despite the efforts of law enforcement officials, there has been no sign of the young woman since she was last seen on Saturday night. Police are urging anyone who may have seen her or have any information about her whereabouts to contact them immediately. As the search for the missing woman continues, her family and friends are pleading for the public's help in finding her. They are asking everyone to keep an eye out for the black Chevrolet Trailblazer with Illinois plates and to contact authorities if they have any information that could be helpful in locating her. As the investigation into her disappearance unfolds, authorities remain hopeful that the missing woman will be found safe and sound.