article: During the trial choirmaster David Mason (pictured) claimed his abuse had no 'evil intent' and was a 'natural thing' A choirmaster who claimed to stand up for 'Christian values and ethics' has been jailed for sexually abusing a six-year-old girl. David Mason, 71, from Riverside, Brighton-Le-Sands, near Crosby, pleaded guilty to three charges of indecent assault on his victim when she was between the ages of six and nine in the early nineties. The father of two, who was jailed for ten years, said he stood up for 'Christian values and ethics' but a judge who heard his trial told him those claims were hollow and he was a man of 'warped values'. Mason denied other allegations including indecency with a child and attempted rape, forcing his victim to relive years of abuse by giving evidence before a jury during which he branded her 'a fantasist' with a tendency to exaggerate. Liverpool Crown Court heard that Mason encouraged the young girl to engage in various  sex acts. During his trial he made claims which the judge branded 'extraordinary nonsense', saying that the abuse was 'light-hearted, it wasn't horrible'. 'There was no evil intent, no nasty hurting intent, it was a natural thing.' He said the girl would sit 'coquettishly' and showed a lot of leg and that she would take her clothes off and run around 'teasing' him and even claimed she had 'hoaxed' him into being alone with her, leading to 'rough and tumble'. Mason said she was 'exploring her sexuality with him'. Judge Andrew Hatton, said: 'She was an eight-year-old girl. You were suggesting that an eight-year-old girl was flirting with you.' Speaking of the attempted rape he said Mason's words to her had lived with her all her life and continued to chill her. Mason, who was of previous good character, was found guilty of three counts of indecency with a child, two of indecent assault and one of attempted rape. He was found not guilty of one count of indecency with a child. He was jailed for 10 years and put on the sex offenders register for the rest of life. A jury at Liverpool Crown Court (pictured) found Mason guilty of three counts of indecency, two of indecent assault and one charge of attempted rape . Detective Sergeant Paul Donaghy said: 'His victim has shown an immense amount of bravery in coming forward and having to re-live the abuse she suffered at Mason's hands. 'I hope his sentencing gives her some sense of closure and also provides wider reassurance that a dangerous and determined sex offender is now behind bars. 'I would like to reassure anyone who has been a victim of sexual abuse that any complaint will be taken extremely seriously and investigated by specially-trained officers who will offer support every step of the way.'
highlights: Choirmaster David Mason jailed for abusing six-year-old in the early nineties . Court heard him claim the abuse was a 'natural thing' and had no 'evil intent' He also said the victim was a 'fantasist' with a tendency to exaggerate . The father of two said he stood up for 'Christian values and ethics' Judge branded claims 'extraordinary nonsense' and jailed him for 10 years .
id: 7dc5cb800ddf51c506a84ef13286ff947c54e670
chatgpt: David Mason, a choirmaster from Hayes, has been jailed for 10 years after being found guilty of abusing a six-year-old girl in the early nineties. The court heard that Mason, who is the father of two, claimed that the abuse was a "natural thing" and that he had no "evil intent" when he committed the acts. He also told the court that the victim was a "fantasist" with a tendency to exaggerate. The prosecution argued that Mason's behavior was not only criminal but also morally repugnant. The court heard that he abused the victim on multiple occasions, taking advantage of her innocence and naivety. The abuse only stopped when the girl's mother found out about it and reported it to the authorities. Mason's defense team argued that he was a man of good character who had always stood up for "Christian values and ethics." However, the judge branded Mason's claims as "extraordinary nonsense" and stated that his actions were "completely at odds with any notion of Christian values." In her closing remarks, the judge praised the victim for having the courage to come forward and report the abuse. She also acknowledged the lifelong impact that the abuse may have had on the victim and her family. The case has drawn attention to the issue of child sexual abuse within institutions, such as the church or schools. According to one charity, the NSPCC, there has been a 71% increase in the number of reports of child sexual abuse within these institutions in the UK since 2016. The charity has called for better protection for children and better training for those working in these institutions to identify and report abuse. Mason's case is also significant because of his defense's use of the "fantasist" argument. This argument, which suggests that victims of abuse are simply making up their claims, has been used in other high-profile cases, such as the Harvey Weinstein case in the US. However, many experts have argued that this argument is not only offensive but also serves to silence victims and prevent them from coming forward. The sentencing of David Mason provides some measure of justice for the victim in this case. However, it is also a reminder that there is still much work to be done to ensure that children are protected from sexual abuse and that those who commit these crimes are brought to justice. The case also highlights the importance of believing victims of abuse and the danger of using defensive tactics, such as the "fantasist" argument, to discount their claims. In conclusion, the sentencing of David Mason has brought to light the issue of child sexual abuse within institutions and the need for better protection and training for those who work with children. It has also highlighted the importance of believing victims of abuse and the danger of using defensive tactics to silence them. Most importantly, it has delivered justice for the victim and her family, while sending a clear message that such abuse will not be tolerated.