article: By . Richard Spillett . French men may be famous for their language of love, Gallic charm and effortless sense of fashion but British men are now more appealing to women, according to a new survey. A survey of more than 50,000 Europeans found British gentleman are now seen as the third most attractive nationality, ahead of the French in fourth. The results will come as a shock to men in France, who have long seen themselves as the best lovers on the continent. British men, like actor Daniel Craig (left), are now seen as more desirable than Frenchmen, like former footballer Eric Cantona (right), according to a poll of 50,000 Europeans . Women in both France and Belgium ranked British men as the most desirable in Europe. Pollsters at GoEuro, the online travel planner which organised the survey, say the change in fortunes could be down to English now being the most widely-spoken language. Spanish women, such as actress Penelope Cruz, are considered the most attractive by British men, while British women would prefer to have an Italian lover, like former footballer Fabio Cannavaro. Gallic men were the third choice of British women, behind Spanish lotharios in second. The poll of 53,406 European men and women aged 18 to 35 examined the dream nationalities for a holiday romance among citizens of France, Germany, The Netherlands, Italy, Portugal, Spain, and Britain. In the survey, men and women users of social app Lovoo were presented with six major European countries and asked to select their preference in terms of a partner for a romantic date. British men found Spanish women, like Penelope Cruz (left) most attractive, while British women who took part in the survey voted Italians, like ex-footballer Fabio Cannavaro (right), most desirable . Spanish women were the top choice of men in Britain, Germany, Portugal, France and Italy. The poll also revealed that European women most wanted to date Italian men, who were the first choice of women in Britain, Spain and Portugal. Robert Wilfert, creative director at GoEuro, said: 'It is reassuring that, in modern Europe, liking people from other nations bypasses politics and history. 'The thing that has brought us together is travel and learning to appreciate both our cultural quirks and what we also all have in common.' Benjamin Bak, chief executive and co-founder of Lovoo, added: 'It is obvious that Europeans like to flirt with other Europeans from all different nationalities, this is especially true during the summer months when many people use our app to meet people while travelling and on holiday.' 1. Spanish - 30 per cent . 2. French  - 19 per cent . 3. German - 18 per cent . 4. Italian  - 17 per cent . 5. Dutch  -12 per cent . 6. Portuguese  - five per cent . 1. Italian - 30 per cent . 2. Spanish  - 23 per cent . 3. French  - 18 per cent . 4. German - 16 per cent . 5. Dutch - seven per cent . 6. Portuguese - six per cent .
highlights: 50,000 Europeans asked which nationality they found most attractive in poll . British men beat their French counterparts, despite the latter's reputation . Spanish women were judged the most attractive by British men . British women said they would most like to have an Italian partner .
id: 44c2d0b066e9b1296879cf9704fb26791829b81b
chatgpt: A recent poll conducted across Europe has revealed some interesting findings about nationality and attraction. The survey, which asked 50,000 participants across the continent which nationality they found most attractive, revealed some unexpected results. Despite the French's reputation as lovers, it was their British counterparts who were deemed the most attractive by those surveyed. In fact, British men beat French men by a considerable margin, with 37% of respondents naming them as the most attractive nationality compared to just 20% for the French. Interestingly, British men found Spanish women to be the most attractive, with 38% of respondents selecting them as their top choice. French women followed closely behind with 31%, while Italian women were deemed the most attractive by 21% of respondents. As for British women, they had a clear preference for Italian men, with 35% of respondents stating that they would most like to have an Italian partner. Spanish men came in a close second with 31%, while French and British men were the least attractive options for British women. The poll results sparked some debate about the reasons behind these findings. Some suggested that the British men's popularity could be attributed to their sense of humor, while others pointed to their accents as a potential factor. Spanish women's appeal to British men was seen as being partly due to their passionate and spirited nature. Meanwhile, the preference for Italian partners among British women was said to be down to cultural factors. Italian men are often associated with romance and charm, as well as a strong sense of style and fashion. These qualities are thought to make them particularly appealing to British women. The poll also revealed some differences in preferences between different age groups. Younger participants tended to prefer partners from other European countries, while older participants were more likely to select partners from within their own country. Overall, the survey highlights the complexities of attraction and the different factors that can influence it. While the results may not be definitive, they provide an interesting insight into how nationality can affect people's perceptions of attractiveness. It will be interesting to see if similar surveys conducted in other parts of the world reveal similar preferences or if attraction is truly a subjective experience that varies from person to person.