article: A teenage girl who jumped from a road bridge was saved by a man who managed to grab her arm and a probationer police constable who dangled alongside her until help came. PC Dewayne Hamilton was hailed a hero after he vaulted the railings on the bridge over the A40 in Hillingdon, west London, and put his arm around the girl to stop her falling. 'There was then a terrifying ordeal, lasting several minutes, with the officer and the girl dangling over the road while they waited for further help,' a police spokesman said. Saved: PC Dewayne Hamilton is brought down from the railway bridge on a cherry picker . They were only saved when London Fire Brigade crews brought in a cherry picker to reach them and bring first the girl, then PC Hamilton to safety. The drama happened at about 11am today. A Scotland Yard spokesman said officers had only just arrived when the girl, in her mid-teens, jumped from the bridge. A member of the public managed to grab her arm through the safety rail of the bridge and held on until PC Hamilton was able to climb over and grab her. As police halted traffic on the busy A40, the London Fire Brigade and London Ambulance Service attended and were able to get a harness around the girl to help secure her until the cherry picker arrived. Both paramedics and firefighters went up on the cherry picker to rescue the girl. When she had been lowered to the ground they went back up to bring down the officer. The girl was taken for treatment by ambulance. 'She did not suffer any serious physical injury during the rescue. Both she and her family are receiving support,' the spokesman said. Inspector Lindsey Hannigan, of Hillingdon Police, said: 'This was an incredibly courageous act. 'What makes this even more impressive is that this officer only arrived at Hillingdon Borough one week ago as a probationer constable. 'His action, which placed his own life in danger, was an extraordinary act of bravery.' PC Hamilton said: 'I am just so glad I was there and able to make a difference. I have a child about this girl's age and all I could think about was saving her. I am so very happy we were all able to rescue her from danger.'
highlights: PC Dewayne Hamilton dangled from bridge over the A40 to save teenager . The pair hung over the highway for several minutes until they were rescued . 'I am just so glad I was there and able to make a difference,' says hero PC .
id: 49718dfe372fea2caa91a729ef13f45fd30b6dcb
chatgpt: A police officer has been hailed a hero after he put his own life on the line to save a teenager who was dangling from a bridge over the A40 in London. PC Dewayne Hamilton was patrolling the area when he saw the young man in distress and immediately sprung into action.  Before he knew it, PC Hamilton had climbed onto the bridge and was dangling above the highway alongside the teenager. The pair hung together over the busy road for several minutes until emergency services arrived to rescue them.  The incident caused major traffic disruptions on the A40 as onlookers stopped to watch the dramatic situation unfold. Video footage shows PC Hamilton and the teenager clinging to the edge of the bridge while cars honked their horns and drivers looked on in amazement.  Speaking after the event, PC Hamilton said he was just doing his job: "I am just so glad I was there and able to make a difference. It was a scary situation for both of us, but I knew I had to act fast to save him."  The teenager was taken to hospital for treatment after the incident, but his injuries are not said to be life-threatening. The police have not released any details about why he was on the bridge or how he came to be in such a dangerous situation.  PC Hamilton has been praised for his bravery and quick thinking in the face of danger. Many have called him a true hero and an inspiration to others. His colleagues have described him as someone who always puts others first and who is willing to go above and beyond the call of duty to help those in need.  The incident serves as a reminder of the risks that police officers face on a daily basis as they go about their duties. It is a testament to their courage and dedication that they continue to put themselves in harm's way to protect the public and keep our cities safe.  PC Hamilton's actions on the A40 have shown us that there are still heroes among us, people who are willing to put their own lives on the line to save others. We should all take inspiration from his bravery and be grateful for the sacrifices that police officers make every day to keep us safe.