article: By . Damien Gayle . Last updated at 9:04 AM on 15th December 2011 . A mystery man guaranteed a Merry Christmas for dozens of poor families after he walked into a shop and spent more than $1000 paying off total strangers' layaway items. The layaway department at the Missoula Kmart was full of items that were unlikely to be given as presents this year, because their would-be buyers were late with their payments. That's until the generous Secret Santa dropped in on Tuesday afternoon and anonymously paid down the balance on dozens of gifts. The layaway locker at the Kmart in Missoula. Dozens of poor families who had missed payments on their gifts had them paid off by a mysterious stranger . Brenda Warren, a worker at the Missoula Kmart's layaway department, told KPAX News: 'He walked in and wanted to pay on some lay-aways and I asked him, "which ones?" 'He said some that weren't going to have Christmas and were late on their payment. 'I'm like, "really?" [I thought] maybe [he'd] just pay off one or two, but then he ended up paying the whole list, so it was just amazing.' To her delight, Ms Warren then had the task of calling all the customers whose presents were waiting in the shop. Kmart worker Brenda Warren holds up one gift that will be going to a grateful recipient this Christmas thanks to the mysterious Secret Santa . She told KPAX that most were excited, some shocked, and one man incredulous to the point that he actually hung up the phone on her. It is just the latest in a spate of copycat Secret Santas to have struck across the U.S. as economic problems risk making this Christmas on of the least cheerful in a generation. Shops in Michigan, Iowa, Nebraska and . California have all reported random acts of kindness from individuals . coming in to pay off the balance on layaway items. Ms Warren had the delightful task of ringing dozens of families to let them know their gifts were fully paid up and waiting for them at the shop . Mary Chapin, who had her $180 layaway ticket paid off in Michigan, told Deseret News yesterday that the anonymous donation had 'restored her faith in people'. The money bought toys for her 12-year-old son. Missoula Kmart's mystery man told Ms Warren he was visiting from Michigan, where had made a similar stop at the Kmart there. He doesn't have any family, he said, and playing Santa makes his Christmas.
highlights: Latest in a spate of anonymous giving to hit U.S.
id: 2db55ca9e9312e6aab6e12e92e4df201830df2a4
chatgpt: The United States has experienced a recent surge in anonymous giving, with several high-profile cases of individuals donating large sums of money without revealing their identities. This trend has sparked curiosity and admiration from many who wonder about the motivations behind such generosity. In the latest example of this trend, an anonymous donor has given $10 million to a non-profit organization that works to fight child hunger in the United States. The donation comes at a time of increased concern for the safety and well-being of vulnerable children, as the COVID-19 pandemic has left many families struggling to make ends meet. The organization, known as No Kid Hungry, provides meals and food programs to children in need across the country. The group's CEO, Tom Nelson, expressed gratitude for the donation, saying it would have a significant impact on the organization's ability to serve children in need. "We are incredibly grateful for this generous donation, which will go a long way in helping us provide meals to millions of children who are facing hunger in our country," Nelson said in a statement. The anonymous nature of the donation is not uncommon in recent cases of philanthropy in the United States. In fact, it has become somewhat of a trend, with multiple examples in the past year alone. Last month, a couple from Arizona donated $40 million to two universities in their state, again without revealing their identities. The donation was one of the largest in the history of both institutions and left the academic world buzzing with speculation about the donors' motivations. Similarly, earlier this year an anonymous donor gave $25 million to a hospital in California that had been hit hard by the pandemic. The money was used to help fund the hospital's emergency response efforts and purchase much-needed medical equipment. Experts say that the rise in anonymous giving may be due to a desire for privacy and a reluctance to draw attention to oneself. However, it is also possible that some donors simply wish to give back to their communities without seeking recognition or publicity. Regardless of the motivation, the impact of these donations is undeniable. In a time of great need, they provide crucial support to organizations working to help those most affected by the pandemic and economic uncertainty. As for the latest donor to give to No Kid Hungry, the group says that they hope to one day thank the person or people behind the generous gift in person. "We may not know the identity of this donor, but we want them to know how much their gift means to us and to the millions of children who rely on our programs every day," said Nelson. "We hope to one day be able to thank them in person for their incredible generosity."