article: BAGHDAD, Iraq (CNN) -- At least 33 people were killed and 20 wounded in a suicide car bombing targeting a national reconciliation conference in Baghdad, an Interior Ministry official told CNN. Abu Ghraib attack victim in Yarmouk Hospital in Baghdad, Amjad Hameed . The attack -- which occurred outside the municipal building of Abu Ghraib in western Baghdad -- also wounded 46 others, the official said. The attacker was targeting the latest effort by the government to foster national reconciliation between religious and ethnic groups. Sunni Arab and Shiite tribal leaders were attending the meeting, backed by the Shiite-dominated Iraqi government. Another Interior Ministry official told CNN the attack occurred when people gathered outside as the conference in the building ended. Al-Baghdadiya TV said two of its journalists were killed in the explosion. An Iraqi journalists' group confirmed those deaths and said a number of journalists were also wounded. Along with meeting attendees and journalists, Iraqi soldiers were among the casualties. No one has claimed responsibility for the strike, but in the past, such gatherings have been targeted by al Qaeda in Iraq, the anti-American Sunni Arab militant group. Staffan de Mistura, special representative of the U.N. secretary-general for Iraq, deplored the attack and passed along condolences to grieving families. He said the bombing targeted the tribal leaders after their meeting, and called the strike a "horrible crime that is designed to sabotage reconciliatory efforts by the Iraqi people, who, I am confident, will continue on the road of dialogue." The blast follows another huge attack on Sunday, when a man wearing an explosives-laden vest drove a motorcycle rigged with bombs into a group of police recruits in eastern Baghdad. That attack killed 30 people and wounded 61 others. Most of the victims of Sunday's strike were police officers and recruits who had gathered outside a police academy on Palestine Street. The same academy was targeted on December 1 in a double bombing that killed 16 and wounded 46. The violence came after Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki on Saturday rallied sheikhs of the nation's tribes to participate in Iraq's government. It was the latest official effort to further reconciliation among Sunnis, Shiites and tribes of different sects and bring some former members of Saddam Hussein's Baath party into the political fold. After the invasion, the U.S.-led coalition decided to purge Iraqi institutions of Baathists, most of whom were Sunni Arabs. Al-Maliki, who is Shiite, has been criticized in the past by minority groups for not fairly representing Iraqi's ethnic groups. CNN's Yousif Bassil and Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report.
highlights: 33 killed in suicide bombing at reconciliation conference in Baghdad . Tuesday's attack came as tribal leaders were attending conference . Bombing came 3 days after Iraqi PM urged nation's sheikhs to join government .
id: f04cd2bf8aeb3c88e4b5bd32124c3a8327b33307
chatgpt: On Tuesday, a suicide bombing at a reconciliation conference in Baghdad resulted in the tragic loss of 33 lives. The attack occurred as tribal leaders were gathered to participate in the conference, an event that was meant to promote unity and peace in the region. According to witnesses, the bomber had infiltrated the conference and detonated his explosives just as the meeting was about to begin. Women and children were among the dead, while dozens of others were injured. The attack was quickly claimed by the Islamic State (IS), which has been responsible for numerous bombings and other violent incidents in the region. This latest attack has once again highlighted the difficulties faced by Iraq in its ongoing efforts to bring peace and stability to the country. Just three days earlier, Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi had urged the nation's sheikhs to join the government, a move that many hoped would help to promote greater cooperation and unity within the country. Given the nature of the attack, it seems clear that groups like IS are still opposed to any attempts at reconciliation and are intent on perpetuating a state of chaos and instability in the region. Over the past few years, Iraq has suffered greatly at the hands of violent extremist organizations, and the latest attack is yet another reminder of the many challenges that the country faces. Despite these challenges, however, officials in Iraq remain committed to promoting peace and stability in the region. Speaking in the wake of the attack, Prime Minister al-Abadi vowed to continue working towards reconciliation and urged the people of Iraq to stay united in the face of adversity. Moreover, the government has promised to launch an investigation into the attack, in the hopes of identifying those responsible and bringing them to justice. While this may not erase the pain of those who lost loved ones in the attack, it is an important step towards promoting greater accountability and responsibility in the region. In response to the bombing, tributes and condolences have been pouring in from around the world. UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres condemned the attack and expressed his condolences to the families of the victims, while US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo also issued a statement condemning the attack and offering his support to the people of Iraq. At the same time, many have expressed concern that these isolated attacks are symptomatic of broader issues within the region. Demands for greater accountability and transparency remain high, as do concerns about the challenges of promoting stability in a region still wracked by violence and conflict. As Iraq continues to struggle with these challenges, it is clear that a long road lies ahead. However, the commitment and resilience of the Iraqi people, as well as the support of the international community, may yet prove to be a powerful weapon against the forces of chaos and instability in the region.