article: Leicester City manager Nigel Pearson is not expecting any backlash from the Ghana Football Association despite claims of fury after Jeff Schlupp returned from injury at the weekend. Schlupp did not team up with Ghana's African Nations Cup squad earlier this month due to a knee injury reported by the Foxes and confirmed following an independent assessment. After being out for a fortnight, as predicted by Pearson, Schlupp was back in action in Saturday's 1-0 defeat to Stoke City, starting the match and playing for 70 minutes before being withdrawn. Jeff Schlupp (right) played for Leicester City against Stoke City on Saturday after recovering from injury . Schlupp had pulled out of the Ghana squad for the Africa Cup of Nations due to the injury . A report this week suggested Ghana coach Avram Grant and officials were angry over the situation, adding there was a possibility they would even report the Foxes to FIFA. Dismissing the story again, Pearson said: 'There isn't a situation with Ghana. 'I've not heard anything. If there is it's contrary to information I've heard officially. 'The rules are there, we've acted well within them, and there you have it. It's their choice.' Asked whether he could understand the frustration of those within the Ghana camp, Pearson replied sternly: 'No!' He added: 'I made it perfectly clear he would be out for 10 days to two weeks, which he was. But Leicester boss Nigel Pearson says he is not worried about it and has 'not heard' from Ghana . Schlupp (right) clears the ball for the Foxes as Stoke's Marko Arnautovic tries to make a challenge . 'He had an assessment and scan by us, and he then went to London for an independent one, which was arranged by them and concurred with our findings. 'The assessment by our people and theirs was the same - 'Don't fly!'. A decision was based on that because he had to the following day. 'I fail to see how anybody can have a problem with that.' Andrej Kramaric could make his first start for Leicester against Tottenham Hotspur this weekend . Ahead of City's trip to White Hart Lane on Saturday for an FA Cup fourth-round tie with Tottenham Hotspur, Pearson has options. Midfielders Esteban Cambiasso and Dean Hammond have trained this week and are in contention after being sidelined for three and two weeks respectively with calf and hip injuries. Goalkeeper Mark Schwarzer and striker Andrej Kramaric appear poised to be handed their first starts after signing for City this month. Defender Matt Upson, meanwhile, has returned to training following a long-standing foot injury sustained in pre-season and shortly after he signed for the club in the summer, although Saturday's game comes too soon for the veteran to make his debut.
highlights: Jeff Schlupp withdrew from Ghana squad for Africa Cup of Nations . Forward returned from injury for Leicester City against Stoke City . Ghana Football Association were said to be furious over incident . But Foxes boss Nigel Pearson says he 'hasn't heard anything' about it . Click here for AFCON news .
id: 13c2e0199ffa9502adbe91a1c4f592d859c48b13
chatgpt: Jeff Schlupp, the Leicester City forward, has pulled out of the Ghana squad for the Africa Cup of Nations. Schlupp had recently returned to action for his club, having recovered from a nagging injury that had kept him out of action for a few weeks. His withdrawal from the national team comes as a blow to the Ghana Football Association, who were said to be furious about the incident. Schlupp had played in Leicester City's Premier League tie against Stoke City, which ended in a draw. Speaking to the media after the game, Foxes boss Nigel Pearson said that he hadn't heard anything about Schlupp's decision to withdraw from the Ghana squad. The 22-year-old has been a key player for Ghana in recent years and was expected to be part of the team that will take part in the Africa Cup of Nations, which starts on the 14th of January. Ghana, who are one of the favourites to win the tournament, are in Group C alongside South Africa, Algeria and Senegal. It is unclear why Schlupp decided to withdraw from the squad, but it is believed that the decision was partly due to concerns over his fitness. The player has struggled with injuries this season, which has limited his game time for Leicester City. Pearson, however, played down any suggestions that there was a rift between Schlupp and the Ghana Football Association. "As far as I'm concerned, I haven't heard anything about it," he said. "Jeff has been injured and he's just come back into the team. He's an important player for us and we need him to be fit and playing for us." Meanwhile, the Ghana Football Association has not commented on the situation but is expected to issue a statement in the coming days. Ghana are looking to win the Africa Cup of Nations for the first time since 1982, and Schlupp's withdrawal will be a setback to their plans. The Africa Cup of Nations is one of the biggest football tournaments on the continent, and it attracts millions of viewers from around the world. The tournament, which was initially due to be played in Cameroon, has been moved to Egypt due to security concerns in the West African country. Ghana will open their campaign with a match against South Africa on June 15th, and will then face Algeria and Senegal in the group stage. The top two teams from each of the six groups will qualify for the knockout stage of the tournament, with the final set to be played in Cairo on July 19th. Fans of Ghana will be hoping that Schlupp's withdrawal is not a sign of things to come, as the team looks to win their fifth Africa Cup of Nations title. For Leicester City, the focus will be on their upcoming matches as they look to climb out of the relegation zone in the Premier League.