article: (CNN) -- Murder charges were filed Tuesday against a man accused of killing the pregnant wife of a Marine in California. Erin Corwin, 19 and three months pregnant, had been missing since June 28 after she said she was going to Joshua Tree National Park to scout trails. Over the weekend, searchers found her body about 140 feet down a mine shaft. Her former neighbor, Christopher Lee, 24, was arrested Sunday in Alaska. He is awaiting extradition to California. He faces a murder charge and the special circumstance allegation of "lying in wait," which means he could face life in prison without parole or death, if found guilty, according to San Bernardino County District Attorney Michael Ramos. "The decision regarding which penalty will be sought will be made after a full review of the facts and evidence in the case," he said. Lee had been a suspect from the beginning. Corwin didn't go to Joshua Tree National Park on the day she disappeared, police said in a statement of probable cause written in July. Instead her car was found a few miles from where she lived next door to Lee and his wife, Nicole. Detectives found footprints next to Corwin's abandoned car that led to tire tracks. Investigators said those tire tracks were the same width and same width apart as the tires on Lee's Jeep. According to the court document, several people, including a friend of Erin Corwin's in Tennessee, told investigators that Corwin and Lee were having an affair. He admitted to kissing her but told detectives the two had never had sexual intercourse. Lee also told police that on the day Corwin disappeared he had gone hunting. More than 100 mine shafts were searched before a sheriff's team found Corwin's body. Authorities used cell phone information to narrow the search area to 300 square miles. The area included remote land belonging to the federal government's Bureau of Land Management.
highlights: Christopher Lee, 24, was arrested in Alaska, is facing extradition to California . He is accused of killing his former neighbor, Erin Corwin, 19 . Her body was found over the weekend in a mine shaft .
id: 28af2aad8660871336baf54c9a51304beae75394
chatgpt: Christopher Lee, a 24-year-old man from Alaska, was arrested and is now facing extradition to California on charges of killing his former neighbor, 19-year-old Erin Corwin. Corwin's body was discovered over the weekend in a mine shaft in California after she had been reported missing merely weeks earlier. According to authorities, Lee was the last person seen with Corwin before her disappearance. They believe that Lee, who is a former Marine, murdered Corwin and dumped her body in the remote mine shaft where it was eventually discovered. Lee was taken into custody by Alaskan authorities shortly after Corwin's disappearance. He has remained in custody as California authorities worked to obtain an extradition warrant. The warrant was issued last week, and Lee was formally charged with Corwin's murder. Corwin's family has been vocal about the devastation they have experienced due to her passing. They described her as a loving and caring individual and have stated that they want to see justice served. The news of Lee's arrest and impending extradition has brought some relief to the family as they hope that he will be held accountable for taking Corwin's life. The motive for the murder is currently unknown, and authorities have not released any specific details about the case. However, they have indicated that they believe it was a premeditated act and that Lee acted alone. Lee's legal team has not yet released a statement regarding his arrest or extradition. It is unclear whether he has retained legal representation at this time. The case has drawn widespread attention and has raised concerns about safety in some communities. Many are calling for stricter laws surrounding violent crimes and are urging authorities to take action to prevent similar tragedies from occurring in the future. As the investigation continues, there are sure to be further developments in this tragic case.  The family and friends of Erin Corwin continue to mourn, while they hope justice is served in the upcoming trial.