article: A trio of Chilean engineering students may have found a way to thwart even the best bicycle thief with the world's first 'unstealable bike.' The design, called the Yerka, looks like most bikes on an average city street, but the bottom tube of the frame can be split into two parts and wrapped around a pole. It is then secured to the pole or tree using the seat post to connect the arms, and locked shut. Scroll down for video . The design, called the Yerka, looks like most bikes on an average city street, but the bottom tube of the frame can be split into two parts and wrapped around a pole . 'The three of us have always been bike enthusiasts since kids, we love to use them as transportation or as a simple way to have fun,' Juan José Monsalve told Fox News. He created the bike with partners Cristóbal Cabello and Andrés Roi. 'Sadly, Andrés had two of his bikes stolen in a short period of tim, Monsale added. 'A few years ago we took an engineering design class at Adolfo Ibáñez University here in Chile and were asked to solve a problem to an actual commute. Using Andrés’ experience as a starting point we started to throw ideas to the table trying to solve this problem, and finally came up with something very similar to what we have today.' The company is working on prototypes that will connect combination locks to your smartphone via Bluetooth. Cristobal Cabello poses for a picture with the Yerka Project, a prototype for an unstealable bike at a bicycle trail in Santiago, Chile . While they call it the world's first unstealable bike, critics say the lock could be picked or the bike easily destroyed. 'Remember how people used to open those ubiquitous cylinder locks with a Bic pen? Any lock can be picked and the bike stolen,' said Lloyd Alter, the managing editor at the website TreeHugger. 'Over at BikeRumor, the one bike site that I have seen cover this, a commentator noted that one good kick on that seat post and it will be dented, making the bike unrideable for the owner as well.' Thieves might also be happy simply to get the handlebars or front wheel. 'If we weren’t doing something as disruptive as this, or something that people aren’t interested in, we wouldn’t receive any critics, and believe me when I say we’ve had lots of them mainly referring to the same ‘what if I cut the seat post’ question,'' Monsale shot back. 'We try to learn and improve our project with every critic, and we are soon to release a video in which we probably answer those kind of questions.' The bike should retail for between $400 and $1,000 when it hits the market early next year.
highlights: Design, called the Yerka, splits into two parts to lock around a tree or pole . Will go on sale early next year for between $400 and $1,000 . Critics claim the bike could be stolen by a good lockpick or simply wrecked .
id: 9c8bc1c2bd1d845b8cd1f318a39e56af6a5f1a96
chatgpt: The Yerka bike, a unique design that splits into two parts to lock around a tree or pole easily, is set to go on sale early next year. The bike, which comes with a hefty price tag, has been met with mixed reactions from critics. The Yerka was created with theft prevention in mind. By splitting the bike into two parts, it can be secured around any fixed object without the need for a separate lock. This design was intended to deter bike thieves who target bikes with conventional locks, as the Yerka presents a bigger challenge to them.  However, some critics have speculated that the design may not be as secure as the manufacturers claim. Despite the unique design, skeptics argue that the bike could still be stolen by a skilled lockpicker. Others wonder whether the bike could simply be damaged, rendering it unusable. Critics have also questioned whether the added complexity of the Yerka's design may make it more challenging to maintain and repair. The Yerka was first conceived by three engineering students from Chile. They saw the need for a more secure bike and came up with the innovative design in response. Since then, the Yerka has been gaining attention from bike enthusiasts and urban commuters alike. According to sources close to the project, the bike will retail for between $400 and $1,000, depending on the features and components. Despite the controversy surrounding the Yerka, its creators are confident in their product. They claim that the bike is virtually unstealable when locked around a tree or pole. They also assert that the bike has been tested rigorously and can withstand various forms of vandalism and tampering. The Yerka's design is not only innovative but also sleek and stylish. It has a minimalist appearance with no exposed cables or chains, giving it a clean and modern look. Its lightweight frame also makes it easy to ride, even on hilly terrain. The Yerka has garnered a lot of attention in recent months, and many people are eagerly anticipating its release. While it remains to be seen how well the bike will perform in reality, it is clear that the Yerka represents a big step forward in bike security and design. If successful, the Yerka could have a big impact on the bike industry and pave the way for other innovative designs in the future. Overall, the Yerka is an exciting development in the world of bikes. While it may not be perfect, its unique design and features make it a standout product that is worth considering for anyone in the market for a new bike. Only time will tell if the Yerka lives up to the hype, but its creators are optimistic that it will be a game-changer in the bike industry.