article: Ever wondered how to drive from the center of Pyongyang, the showcase capital of North Korea, to Yongbyon, the location of the secretive regime's main nuclear complex? Well, a recent update to Google Maps has the answer for you. It has filled in the big, largely blank space that previously lay north of the well-mapped South Korea with streets, towns and landmarks. Users curious to virtually explore one of the world's most reclusive states can zoom into the heart of Pyongyang and pull up photographs of the Kumsusan Memorial Palace, which houses the bodies of the revered former leaders Kim Il Sung and Kim Jong Il. The availability of photos quickly thins as users scroll into the North Korean countryside and dries up almost entirely around more controversial areas marked on the map, like the Yongbyon nuclear complex and what Google labels the Yodok and Hwasong gulags. Human rights groups say as many as 200,000 people may be being held in North Korea's network of political prison camps. The Punggye-ri Nuclear Test Facility, where the regime may be about to carry out a new nuclear test in defiance of international pressure, doesn't appear to be featured on the map at the moment. 'A community of citizen cartographers' In a blog post Monday announcing the update, Google said that North Korea had been one of the largest places with limited map data in the world. Unsurprisingly, the details added to the map didn't come from the young North Korea leader Kim Jong Un's regime. Google said "a community of citizen cartographers" used the Internet search giant's Google Map Maker software over a period of years to pinpoint road and place names. Google Map Maker works in a similar way to Wikipedia, allowing users to add, edit and review information. The company encouraged people to keep working on the maps, saying, "Creating maps is a crucial first step towards helping people access more information about parts of the world that are unfamiliar to them." It said the North Korean maps could be particularly useful to South Korean citizens, "who have ancestral connections or still have family living there." Restrictions inside . But people inside North Korea, where the Internet is extremely restricted, are unlikely to be able to see the mapping information Google is making available. The company's executive chairman, Eric Schmidt, visited North Korea earlier this month along with former New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson in a trip that left many observers puzzled. Schmidt, who has in the past written at length about the Web's ability to empower citizens oppressed by autocratic governments, urged North Korea to embrace the Internet or face further decline in its impoverished economy. Schmidt's daughter Sophie, who accompanied him on the trip, said in blog post about the visit that they had been able to take a look at North Korea's national intranet, which she described as "a walled garden of scrubbed content taken from the real Internet."
highlights: Google publishes detailed maps of North Korea for the first time . It says "citizen cartographers" used map making software to add the data . The maps show the reclusive regime's main nuclear complex and gulags . Google's executive chairman, Eric Schmidt, visited North Korea this month .
id: c328898e330864d011b357e8c6905e44a6f717bb
chatgpt: In a major breakthrough, Google has published detailed maps of North Korea for the first time. This development showcases the country’s most isolated areas, including its main nuclear complex and infamous gulags. The maps, which have been in the making for several years, were created using data collected by “citizen cartographers” using map-making software. The mapping of North Korea has been an ongoing challenge for researchers, as obtaining reliable information about the country has been difficult due to its reclusive nature. Nevertheless, through crowdsourcing, these so-called citizen cartographers have created a comprehensive map of the country’s most important landmarks. The release of the maps comes on the heels of a recent visit to North Korea by Google’s executive chairman, Eric Schmidt, who was accompanied by former New Mexico Governor Bill Richardson. Throughout their trip, they advocated for greater internet access for North Koreans, where only a small elite class currently has access to the internet. Schmidt even called on the country’s leaders to embrace the benefits of an open internet, which could encourage greater communication and development within the country. The maps showcase the nation’s infrastructure, including roads, railway lines, and airports. However, they also highlight areas of concern, including off-limits military areas and labor camps, also known as gulags, where hundreds of thousands of North Korean citizens are believed to be imprisoned. According to a statement made by Google, “While many people around the globe are fascinated with North Korea, these maps are especially important for the citizens of South Korea who have ancestral ties or still have family living in the North.” The maps will be useful for governments, non-governmental organizations, as well as individuals, by providing greater information on a previously unknown territory. The mapping project is a result of Google’s “Map Maker” program, which enables volunteers to add locations to Google maps. Data can be imported from programs such as GPS devices and can be used to supplement existing maps with more detail. The maps project has been a significant undertaking for Google, as the company has had to work carefully amidst strict regulations prohibiting foreigners from accessing sensitive areas of the country. However, according to Google, the new maps are the result of the work of a small group of volunteers who strived to bring greater transparency to the country. While the map project has been an important development for researchers and individuals alike, the question remains whether it will lead to greater political change within the country. North Korea has been exceedingly wary of western influence in the past, and it is unclear whether the new maps will have any impact on governmental policies. Nevertheless, the mapping project has allowed an unprecedented level of access to one of the world’s most isolated countries. Whether this will ultimately result in change remains to be seen, but the release of these maps has enabled the world to see North Korea in a new light.