article: By . Ryan Gorman . PUBLISHED: . 01:14 EST, 9 December 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 03:23 EST, 9 December 2013 . Metro-North announced Sunday that new measures are in place to prevent a repeat of last weekend’s deadly train derailment that killed four people. The commuter train operator said Sunday that automatic speed restrictions have been installed where William Rockefeller sped a train at 82MPH into a 30MPH restricted curve, causing it to jump the tracks. The Metropolitan Transportation Authority-owned rail is also implementing other changes meant to make rides safer for commuters. Slowly returning to normal: A southbound train enters the station as train service has begun while track and other repairs continue along the north of the Metro-North Railroad Spuyten-Duyvil stop . ‘Metro-North is taking important steps to improve safety for its customers and employees, and I expect the railroad will continue searching for ways to improve its operations and fully restore its commuters' confidence’ MTA Chairman and CEO Thomas F. Prendergast said in a statement. The automated speed controls installed at the Spuyten-Duyvil curve will warn engineers of the impending curve and then automatically lower the train’s speed if the engineer does not, the agency said. The protections will be on all trains as of Monday morning’s commute. Automatic speed restrictions at other high-risk junctures will be in place in the coming months, said the agency. Additionally, conductors will stand in the train cabs with engineers as they approach sharp curves and other areas with speed restrictions. Hard at work: Metro-North Signal Department workers consult circuit diagrams, make wiring changes and test the system at Spuyten-Duyvil . Horrifying: The high-speed train derailment that killed four people has led the MTA to adopt several new safety measures . This measure is likely in response to Mr Rockefeller telling investigators he ‘zoned out’ right before the sharp turn - and to federal regulators insisting last week the train operator make significant safety improvements. The conductors will ‘verbally confirm all speed limits are adhered to,’ the MTA said. In situations where the train’s layout does not permit the conductor to enter the cab - if the locomotive is in the back of the train, like it was during the derailment – speed reductions will be verified by radio. Metro-North was not available to comment on whether an interim back-up plan was in place in the event a radio confirmation could not be immediately made until the automatic speed restrictions are in place next year. Speed limits in several areas have also been reduced to eliminate speed drops of more than 20MPH. The appropriate signage will be in place within a week. The train operator will also conduct more thorough speed monitoring of its fleet through review of train data recorders, having supervisors ride random trains and even the use of radar guns.
highlights: The automatic braking system forces trains to slow to 30MPH as they approach the deadly Spuyten-Duyvil curve . Automatic speed restrictions will also be installed at other various high-risk places . Numerous other safety measures have also been implemented .
id: d5b2c09be4237880222b8502fb0b8e614774aafd
chatgpt: New safety measures are being implemented on train lines after the tragic derailment at the Spuyten-Duyvil curve. The derailment which occurred in 2013 resulted in the deaths of four passengers and injury to 61 others. As a result, the railway administration is taking precautions to prevent such accidents from occurring in the future.  One important safety feature being installed is an automatic braking system that will force trains to slow down to 30 miles per hour as they approach the deadly Spuyten-Duyvil curve. This will prevent trains from going too fast along the dangerous stretch of the track. Automatic speed restrictions will also be installed at other various high-risk places. This will ensure that trains are traveling at safe speeds at all times, no matter the location.  Additionally, numerous other safety measures are being implemented. The Federal Railroad Administration (FRA) is implementing a new safety regime that requires all train operators to take a safety course. This course will help train operators learn how to operate trains in a safe manner and how to respond appropriately in the event of an emergency. The FRA is also requiring all freight trains to have an "end-of-train" device. This device alerts the crew if there are any issues with the train's brakes or other safety mechanisms. These safety measures will be critical in preventing train accidents in the future. The Derailment at the Spuyten-Duyvil curve is not the first time we have seen such train accidents. In the past, there have been several other derailments and accidents that have resulted in injuries and even deaths.  The installation of the automatic braking system and other safety measures will be costly. However, the safety of the passengers and crew is of the utmost importance. The Federal Railroad Administration has allocated funds to ensure that these safety measures are implemented in a timely manner.  Train safety is a critical issue that must be addressed. The safety of passengers and crew is of the utmost importance, and every measure must be taken to prevent accidents from occurring. The installation of the automatic braking system along with other safety measures is a step in the right direction.  The railway administration is also working on increasing awareness among the passengers. Passengers should always be alert and mind the rules provided during the journey. If passengers notice anything suspicious, they should immediately inform the authorities.  In conclusion, the installation of an automatic braking system and other safety features on trains is a significant step towards reducing accidents and improving train safety. The administration needs to ensure that these measures are implemented on all train lines to prevent future accidents. Passengers also have a critical role to play in ensuring train safety. They should remain alert and vigilant and report any suspicious activities to the authorities. By working together, we can ensure that train travel remains a safe and reliable mode of transportation for everyone.