article: By . Tara Brady . PUBLISHED: . 13:29 EST, 9 January 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 13:47 EST, 9 January 2014 . A grieving wife died 'from a broken heart' just three weeks after her beloved husband lost his battle with cancer. Devoted Carol West, 54, was devastated when her husband of 30 years Michael was diagnosed with terminal cancer of the oesophagus 18 months ago. She was inconsolable when he died aged 56 in December her health took a turn for the worse. Devoted: Carol West was devastated when her husband of 30 years Michael was diagnosed with cancer . On Tuesday she was taken ill and passed away in hospital with the couple’s three children at her bedside. The couple’s son Tony, 23, said yesterday he was convinced his mum died 'from a broken heart'. He said: 'They couldn’t live without each other - it’s as simple as that. 'My mum took my dad’s death very badly. She couldn’t stop crying and her health became very bad.'She’d had a stroke five years ago but we never expected her to pass away so soon after Dad died.' He added: 'To lose both parents is very hard and we are all a bit numb. 'They both loved Christmas so not having him there this year was very hard for her.' The couple, from Sudbury, Suffolk, fell in love at first sight when they were teenagers. They met when Tony, then 16, nearly rode his bike into 14-year-old Carol as she walked down the street. Tony added: 'My dad shouted at her to get out of the way, they got talking and it went from there.' Michael worked as a machine setter in Sudbury for 35 years while Carol took a job putting the pieces in Trivial Pursuit boxes. Tony added: 'Mum and Dad were the best parents anyone could have. He was a joker and she was the feisty one - she kept him in line. 'They were just completely in love.'
highlights: Carol West, 54, was devastated when her husband of 30 years Michael was diagnosed with terminal cancer . She was inconsolable when he died aged 56 in December her health took a turn for the worse . On Tuesday died in hospital with the couple’s three children at her bedside .
id: a2836ffc56d12778198de5f7ca0150c7f6260d05
chatgpt: On Tuesday, the West family mourned the loss of Carol West, who passed away in hospital after several months of declining health. Carol had been devastated when her husband of 30 years, Michael, was diagnosed with terminal cancer. She had dedicated her time and energy to caring for Michael, but when he passed away in December at the age of 56, it took a severe toll on Carol's health. Despite her own struggles, Carol remained strong for her three children, who were by her bedside when she passed. Friends and family gathered to remember Carol's infectious smile and upbeat personality. Her kind heart and unwavering support for her family was a constant source of inspiration to those around her. Prior to Michael's diagnosis, Carol had been a dedicated employee at a local insurance company. However, after his passing, she was unable to return to work due to her own health issues. Her colleagues spoke highly of her work ethic and her compassion for others. The West family has been overwhelmed by the outpouring of support from the community. A fundraiser has been set up to help cover their medical expenses and funeral costs. The family intends to honor Carol's memory by continuing to support others in need. Carol's passing is a reminder of the devastating impact that terminal illness can have on families. She was a loving wife, mother, and friend, and her legacy will live on through the countless lives she touched during her time on earth. Her strength and resilience in the face of adversity serve as an inspiration to us all.