article: Shane Lowry shot a six-under par 65 to take a one-shot lead after the second round of the Wales Open on Friday, while Stephen Gallacher missed the cut in his last tournament before his Ryder Cup debut. Lowry didn't drop a shot as he moved to a nine-under 133, one shot ahead of Joost Luiten (69) and Belgium's Nicolas Colsaerts, who eagled the 18th hole for the second day in a row in shooting a 68. Gallacher failed to recover from his opening round of 78 at Celtic Manor, with his second round 70 leaving him five shots below the cut line. Shane Lowry shot a 65 to take a one-shot lead after the second round of the Wales Open  in Newport . Stephen Gallacher's Ryder Cup preparations suffered a blow after he missed the cut . 'I've missed the cut but there's no alarm bells ringing and I am looking forward now to next week,' Gallacher said. 'I just felt that I was trying maybe a wee bit too hard yesterday and teeing-up thinking too much about next week, whereas today I was a lot more focused... I feel good both mentally and physically so there should be no concern come next Friday.' Fellow Ryder Cup player Lee Westwood nearly missed the cut but birdied two of his closing four holes for a 69 to sit nine shots behind Lowry. Westwood will be playing in his ninth straight Ryder Cup appearance for Europe, but this is his first tournament since missing the cut at The Barclays last month. Lee Westwood (R) walks by potential Ryder Cup partner Jamie Donaldson, who could become first Welshman to win his home tournament . 'With the Ryder Cup next week I needed to play all four rounds here, so after not being too competitive yesterday when it was pretty scrappy, I played bit more solid today,' Westwood said. 'After taking three weeks off I am not quite match fit and you do lose your sharpness, so that's the pleasing thing about getting those two birdies.' Jamie Donaldson, another Ryder Cup rookie, remains well-placed to become the first Welshman to win the Wales Open after a bogey-free 67 put him four shots back. Denmark's Thomas Bjorn, who is playing in his first Ryder Cup since 2002, added a 69 to move to 2 under. Jose Maria Olazabal, Europe's winning captain in 2012, missed the cut after scores of 82 and 76 before also heading north to Scotland as a vice-captain at Gleneagles.
highlights: Shane Lowry leads the Wales Open after the second round in Newport . Stephen Gallacher missed the cut on last showing before Ryder Cup debut . Lee Westwood almost followed him before being rescued by pair of birdies . Jamie Donaldson could become the first Welshman to win tournament .
id: b5a9385a9e7ca767c2f0aed1cc696166b85adba7
chatgpt: Shane Lowry leads Wales Open after second round in Newport Shane Lowry continues to impress at the Wales Open, taking the lead after the second round. The Irish golfer had a superb round on Friday as he carded a five-under-par 66 to move into first place on the leaderboard. Lowry, who is currently ranked 45th in the world, has put himself in contention to win his first title of the year. He finished last week's Irish Open in a tie for 20th, but looks to have found his form again in Wales. Stephen Gallacher misses the cut on last showing before Ryder Cup debut Meanwhile, Scottish golfer Stephen Gallacher had a disappointing end to his preparations for the Ryder Cup. Gallacher missed the cut at the Wales Open, finishing on four-over-par after two rounds. Gallacher's preparations for the Ryder Cup have been far from ideal, as he has struggled with his form in recent weeks. The 39-year-old will be hoping to turn things around when he tees off at Gleneagles in a fortnight. Lee Westwood almost follows Gallacher before being rescued by pair of birdies Former world number one Lee Westwood was also in danger of missing the cut at the Wales Open, but two birdies on the final two holes saved his tournament. Westwood had a mixed round on Friday, carding five bogeys but also managing to hit four birdies. Westwood, who has played in eight Ryder Cups, will be hoping to find some form before this year's tournament. The Englishman has not won a title this year and is keen to make his mark at Gleneagles. Jamie Donaldson could become first Welshman to win tournament One player who is in with a chance of winning the Wales Open is Welshman Jamie Donaldson. The 38-year-old is currently in third place on the leaderboard, just two shots behind Lowry. Donaldson, who has won two titles on the European Tour, will be hoping to become the first Welshman to win his national tournament since it began in 2000. The Welshman has been in good form this year, finishing in the top 10 in seven of his last 15 events. Overall, it has been an intriguing couple of days at the Wales Open with some big names both succeeding and struggling. With two more rounds to go, there is still everything to play for as the field looks to close in on Lowry at the top of the leaderboard.