article: By . Matt Chorley, Mailonline Political Editor . PUBLISHED: . 06:46 EST, 8 January 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 20:52 EST, 8 January 2014 . Labour MP Paul Goggins has died at the age of 60 . An MP who collapsed on a post-Christmas jog with his son has died after he suffered a massive brain haemorrhage. Paul Goggins, 60, who ran regularly to keep fit and had been in good health, fell ill near his home last week. The former Northern Ireland and Home Office minister was rushed to hospital after the drama near his Salford home on December 30, where doctors diagnosed a brain haemorrhage. He was placed on a life support machine but on Tuesday night, with his family at his bedside, the Labour MP for Wythenshawe and Sale East in Greater Manchester lost his fight for life. David Cameron, Ed Miliband and former Prime Minister Tony Blair paid tribute to Mr Goggins, calling the him a ‘dignified, humane, wise’ man. His wife of 36 years, Wyn, 59, and three children, Matthew, 33, Theresa, 31, and Dominic, 28, said in a statement: ‘Our dear dad and husband died in hospital in Salford with us by his side. We are completely heartbroken. 'He had been very ill since collapsing last week. ‘We have been overwhelmed by the support and good wishes we have received from so many people – a real sign of love and a reflection of the sort of person Paul/dad was.’ As a young man, Mr Goggins studied at a Roman Catholic seminary but decided against entering the priesthood. Instead he became a social worker before being elected as MP for Wythenshawe and Sale East in 1997. He quickly became widely liked and admired by both colleagues and constituents for his dedicated work and served in a number of posts in Westminster, including at the Home Office and as Northern Ireland minister. Mr Goggins was also well-known as a keen runner and fundraiser and campaigned for compensation for the victims of asbestos-caused cancer. Tributes: Labour leader Ed Miliband said Mr Goggins was ‘dignified, wise, humane and loyal’ and his family had been ‘devastated’ and Tony Blair said he was 'an outstanding public servant, a lovely man and a good friend'
highlights: Labour MP for Wythenshawe and Sale East and ex-minister died last night . Ed Miliband led tributes to ‘dignified, wise, humane and loyal’ friend . Tony Blair hailed 'outstanding public . servant, lovely man and good friend'
id: 58bed97058c30188e46aa1754478dbab3e2a91e1
chatgpt: Last night, the Labour MP for Wythenshawe and Sale East, Paul Goggins, passed away. The news of his sudden death sent shock waves through Parliament and his constituency, where he was widely regarded as a respected and dedicated public servant. Goggins had a long and distinguished career in politics, serving as a member of Parliament for almost 18 years. He also held various ministerial roles in the Blair and Brown governments, including a stint as a junior minister at the Northern Ireland Office. In response to the news, many of Goggins' colleagues and friends paid tribute to his contributions and character. Ed Miliband, the leader of the Labour Party, described Goggins as a "dignified, wise, humane and loyal" friend, while former Prime Minister Tony Blair hailed him as an "outstanding public servant, lovely man and good friend." Goggins was known for his strong commitment to his constituents and to the causes he believed in. He was passionate about social justice and human rights, and worked tirelessly to help those who were most vulnerable and disadvantaged. His family also praised him for his unwavering faith and commitment to his Catholic beliefs. Throughout his career, Goggins was closely involved in efforts to bring peace to Northern Ireland, where he played a key role in negotiating the Good Friday Agreement. He was widely respected in both communities for his impartiality, dedication, and commitment to finding a peaceful solution to the conflict. As news of Goggins' death spread, people from across the political spectrum expressed their condolences and paid tribute to his legacy. Many remembered him as a quiet, unassuming figure who cared deeply about his work and his community, and who always put the needs of others before his own. Goggins will be deeply missed by all who knew him, and his contributions to politics and public service will continue to inspire new generations of leaders for years to come. In the words of Tony Blair, he was "a remarkable person and a true public servant, who will be mourned by everyone who knew him."