article: By . Laurie Kamens . PUBLISHED: . 20:40 EST, 30 August 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 22:19 EST, 30 August 2013 . Uh-oh! The Campbell Soup company announced that they are recalling 80 cases of soup after the cans which were labeled as containing chicken broth actually held SpaghettiOs with meatballs. The 1,920 cans were mislabeled as Swanson 100% Natural Chicken Broth, though they actually contained pasta and meatballs. Campbell's Soup recalled 80 cases of Swanson's 100% Natural Chicken Broth after it was discovered that they actually contained SpaghettiOs . The company pulled the products as soon as consumers started to report the mistake. 'In an abundance of caution, Campbell is retrieving the 80 cases of . canned pasta labeled as Swanson 100% Natural Chicken Broth from the . market,' the company published on its website. 'This recall does not affect . any other Campbell products.' The total amount of food recalled amounts to 1,740 pounds of pasta and meat, NBC News reported. Aside from consumers not getting what they purchased, the mislabeled cans pose a potential health threat to the uniformed buyers. Unlike the pasta with chicken brother, SpaghettiOs with meatballs contain allergens such as wheat, milk, and soy, The Huffington Post reported. Consumers were dismayed to find SpaghettiOs in what they thought were cans of chicken broth. The mislabeled cans contained allergens including wheat, milk, and soy . The mislabeled food was made in Paris, Texas and then shipped to distribution center that ships the product around the country, according to the website. Amongst the states with mislabeled cans are Arkansas, Louisiana, Mississippi, Oklahoma, and Texas. Though two consumers reported this mistake before Campbell's Soup publicly recalled the cans, according to the Department of Agriculture, the company has not gotten any reports of consumers suffering an allergic reaction, NBC News reported. Campbell's Soup has asked that any consumers who do receive these mislabeled cans return them to stores for a full refund, according to The Huffington Post. News of this mishap came right after the company's stock closed at $43.19 at the end of the week. Campbells, who are the largest manufacturer of soup in the world, just announced a fourth-quarter earning loss leading up to these events, according to NJ.com.
highlights: Campbell's Soup recalled 80 cases (1,920 cans) of Swanson 100% Natural Chicken Broth because they actually contained SpaghettiOs and meatballs . The mislabeled cans also neglect to alert customers to the presence of allergens in the other food product, including  wheat, milk, and soy . The company said customers can return the mislabeled cans for a full refund .
id: 3cf3d2f4b5867d5aa87d3a1a15c4dbb5eaeaff1d
chatgpt: Campbell's Soup Company has issued a recall of 80 cases of Swanson 100% Natural Chicken Broth due to a labeling mistake that has led to the incorrect stuffing of the cans with SpaghettiOs and meatballs. The company has confirmed that the mislabeled cans contained wheat, milk, and soy, which is not accounted for on the label. According to a statement released by the company on Monday, the mislabeling was discovered during a routine inspection by Campbell's Soup Company. The company has urged its customers who have purchased the mislabeled cans to return them for a full refund. The recall affects approximately 1,920 cans of the Swanson 100% Natural Chicken Broth. Customers who have purchased these cans are advised to check the package for any indication that it is part of the recall, including the date of manufacture, the UPC code, and the establishment number. The affected cans are those with a date of manufacture of February 13, 2022, a UPC code of 051000024071, and an establishment number of P-18. The error in labeling could put customers with wheat, milk, or soy allergies at risk, as the presence of these allergens is not properly listed on the mislabeled cans. According to the company's statement, no illnesses or allergic reactions have been reported in connection with the mislabeled cans at this time. "We take issues of food safety very seriously, and we apologize for any inconvenience or concern this has caused our consumers," said a spokesperson for Campbell's Soup Company. This isn't the first time Campbell's Soup Company has faced a recall over labeling issues. In 2018, the company issued a recall of more than 4,000 pounds of chicken soup due to mislabeling. The soup contained milk, which was not listed on the label. Consumers who have purchased the mislabeled cans are advised to contact the company's customer service line at 1-800-542-2687 for more information on how to return the product for a full refund. The company has also promised to investigate the source of the mislabeling to determine how to prevent similar incidents from occurring in the future.