article: Manchester City have had enquiries from Inter Milan and Roma for Matija Nastasic who they want to sell with Eliaquim Mangala expected to arrive from Porto. They would prefer to move him abroad although Arsenal would guarantee quicker payment. Arsene Wenger will move for a new centre-half if captain Thomas Vermaelen leaves for Manchester United. Talented: Matija Nastasic impressed for the champions Manchester City last season . On his way: Could Nastasic have played his last game for Manchester City? And Nastasic is on the Gunners’ radar as they make plans for the exit of Vermaelen. The Serbia international was watched extensively by Arsenal scouts during his time at Fiorentina, but City moved quickly to snap up Nastasic in 2012 as he developed a reputation as one of the best emerging defenders in Europe. Despite missing out to City, the North London club remain keen on Nastasic and are set to revive their interest should Vermaelen leave. Nastasic’s future at the Etihad Stadium is unclear this summer due to the pending arrival of Mangala. Experience: Thomas Vermaelen is still a top player on his day . Frustrating: Vermaelen has endured his fair share of injury woes over the last few years . VIDEO Vermaelen could join Manchester United . Whether Vermaelen completes a move to Old Trafford remains to be seen, with the Gunners far from convinced about selling their skipper. The Belgium international has less than 12 months on his existing deal meaning he can leave on a free transfer next summer. But Wenger knows letting Vermaelen go, particularly after the departure of fourth-choice centre-back Bacary Sagna, would leave him alarmingly short of options in the position. It is understood Wenger would give serious consideration to a player-swap deal with United. Wenger has shown firm interest in United central defenders Chris Smalling and Phil Jones in the past, and may look to include either in a deal for Vermaelen.
highlights: Man City have had enquiries from Inter Milan and Roma for Nastasic . But Arsenal will look to snap up the Serbian defender if skipper Thomas Vermaelen departs the club . Manchester City expect to sign Eliaquim Mangala from Porto .
id: 5f5bf3cb9370678482532037d92458e467173107
chatgpt: Manchester City’s young defender Matija Nastasic is attracting interest from Serie A clubs Inter Milan and Roma. Nastasic has been praised for his performances this season and has caught the attention of scouts from both Italian clubs. However, Arsenal are also keen and could look to sign the Serbian international if Thomas Vermaelen departs the club. The Belgian defender has been linked with Barcelona and Arsenal are keen to find a replacement. Nastasic has made over 50 appearances for Manchester City since signing from Fiorentina in 2012. However, the 21-year-old has fallen down the pecking order this season with Vincent Kompany, Martin Demichelis and new signing Eliaquim Mangala ahead of him. Speaking about potential interest in Nastasic, Manchester City manager Manuel Pellegrini said: “Matija is a very important player for us but we cannot stop other clubs making enquiries.” City are looking to bring in Porto defender Mangala this summer and are believed to be close to completing a £32m deal. The 23-year-old has been linked with a move to the Premier League for some time, with Chelsea also reportedly interested. Mangala is seen as the ideal partner for captain Kompany and would add even greater strength to City’s already formidable defence. The French international was close to joining City in January but the move fell through. However, the club are now confident of securing his signature before the transfer window closes. If Nastasic does leave, City will still have plenty of options at centre-back. Kompany and Demichelis were a solid partnership last season and Mangala’s arrival would only strengthen the team even further. As for Arsenal, the addition of Nastasic would be a welcome boost to their defence. The Gunners have struggled at the back in recent seasons and fans will be hoping Arsene Wenger can bring in a top quality centre-back before the start of the new campaign.