article: By . Sean O'hare . PUBLISHED: . 06:17 EST, 23 January 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 14:21 EST, 23 January 2013 . A police officer has collapsed and died while on a skiing holiday in Val d'Isère, France. Richard Williams, 32, fell ill yesterday and was rushed to hospital where medics were unable to save him. Described as ‘fighting fit’ by colleagues at Wolverhampton police, the cause of his death is currently unclear. However, he was not on the slopes when he became ill. Richard Williams, 32, died on Tuesday afternoon after collapsing while on a skiing trip with colleagues to Val d'Isère (pictured), the Foreign and Commonwealth Office confirmed . Pc Williams’s devastated family are believed to have flown out to the winter resort. Chief Inspector Darren Walsh said: ‘Rich was a much-loved son, brother and a cherished colleague who will be sadly missed by his family and friends. ‘Our thoughts and prayers are with Rich's family, friends and colleagues at this difficult time.’ Pc Williams was a response officer working with the local policing unit in Wolverhampton, where he lived. An colleague patrolling the streets of the city yesterday afternoon, said: ‘Rich was a fighting fit bloke.  He looked after himself and was a true professional. ‘He was very active and some of the boys went out there to have a good skiing holiday. ‘They enjoyed those outdoor activities, you would never expect something like this to happen. ‘But from what I've been told he just collapsed and died suddenly - it is such a shock, especially at that age. ‘He's going to be missed massively because he was such a character around the station. ‘He had a huge personality and everyone is devastated.’ Val d'Isère is located in the Tarentaise Valley, in the Savoie department (Rhône-Alpes region) in southeastern France. It lies 5 km from the Italian border and is popular with British skiers. A spokesman for the Foreign and Commonwealth Office said: ‘We have been informed of the death of a British national in France on January 22 and consular staff are following up and providing assistance to the family at this difficult time.’ Val d'Isère (pictured) is located in the Tarentaise Valley, in the Rhône-Alpes region in southeastern France. It lies 5 km from the Italian border and is popular with British skiers .
highlights: PC Richard Williams, 32, died yesterday after collapsing in France . He was on a skiing holiday in Val d'Isère with colleagues . Police pay tribute to a 'much-loved son, brother and cherished colleague'
id: ccc05be03dedcb1342681e1a1e05c2b39ca66afd
chatgpt: PC Richard Williams, a 32-year-old police officer from the UK, died unexpectedly while on a skiing holiday with his colleagues in Val d'Isère, France. Williams collapsed suddenly and was unable to be resuscitated by emergency services. His colleagues and family are devastated by his sudden passing. The police force paid tribute to PC Williams, saying he was a "much-loved son, brother, and cherished colleague." His work as a police officer was greatly appreciated, and his loss will be felt deeply by the community he served. In addition to his police work, Williams was an active member of his community, volunteering his time to local charities and organizations. Friends and family remember Williams as a dedicated and compassionate person who always went above and beyond to help others. His sudden passing has left them feeling shocked and heartbroken. His colleagues in the police force are also mourning his loss and remember him as a hard-working officer who was passionate about his job. Following the news of Williams' untimely death, many people have expressed their condolences and shared memories of the kind and caring person they knew. In particular, his former colleagues praised him for his professionalism and dedication to his work. They remembered him as a meticulous and disciplined officer who always went out of his way to help others. The cause of Williams' sudden collapse has not been disclosed, and there is no word on whether he had any underlying medical conditions. His family has requested privacy during this difficult time, and further details about his passing have not been released. Despite the tragic circumstances of his death, Williams will be remembered as a kind, caring, and dedicated member of his community. His legacy will continue to live on in the lives of those he touched during his time as a police officer and volunteer. As he is laid to rest, those who knew him will mourn his loss and celebrate the many ways he made a positive impact on their lives.