article: By . Joel Christie . A Seattle man who was recently released from prison for offering to pay an undercover police officer for sex with a 13-year-old girl has been caught by the same detective for a near-identical crime. Thomas Rutledge Spencer - who also goes by the name Howard Kivley - finished a three and a half year sentence for attempted child molestation earlier this year. Now King County prosecutors claim the 65-year-old placed an advertisement online expressing his desire for a 'daddy-daughter' sexual arrangement with a young girl, according to Seattle P-I. Spencer is alleged to have sent several graphic emails to an undercover detective in which he offered to pay $50 for sex with a 15-year-old girl. Re-offender: Thomas Rutledge Spencer, 65, was allegedly caught trying to pay to have sex with a child straight after serving a three and a half year prison sentence for the same crime . In October 2010 he was caught responding to an ad posted by the same detective, who was posing as a parent attempting to pimp out a 13-year-old child. Two hours after the detective posted the ad, Spencer was in contact offering to pay for sex with the child. He sent hundreds of emails to the detective graphically describing what he hoped to do to the child. Spencer was arrested after meeting with the detective. He failed two polygraph tests when asked whether he’d molested children. Spencer was jailed and ultimately convicted, but he was released after serving the minimum term of 40 months, despite an evaluator ruling him unfit for post-release treatment. Now he is accused of advertising himself as a man looking for a mother willing to let him have sex with her daughter. The detective responded and set up a meeting with Spencer. He was arrested as he arrived at the location. 'This defendant poses an extreme danger to the community as he is an untreated sex offender who has been caught twice in four years attempting to have sex with young girls,' Senior Deputy Prosecutor Carla Carlstrom said in court papers. Spencer has been charged with attempted commercial sexual abuse of a minor. He also faces revocation of his parole and could be held indefinitely . He has been remanded without bail.
highlights: Thomas Rutledge Spencer, of Seattle, was caught offering an undercover detective $50 for sex with a 13-year-old in 2010 . He finished a three and a half year prison term earlier this year . On April 29 he allegedly posted an ad searching for mothers willing to pimp out their daughters . The ad was seen by the same detective . Spencer was arrested as he arrived at a meeting set up by the officer .
id: 11b6fe1c9161f50d5b4f846ed7281a58d58359ff
chatgpt: Seattle man, Thomas Rutledge Spencer, was arrested after allegedly posting an advertisement offering to pay mothers to prostitute their daughters. The notorious pedophile was caught in 2010 after he attempted to offer an undercover detective $50 for sex with a 13-year-old. He spent three and a half years in prison and was released earlier this year. The recent advertisement was posted on April 29th, and was seen by the same detective who had caught Spencer in 2010. The ad sparked immediate action from law enforcement officials, who set up a meeting with Spencer under the guise of a mother willing to pimp out her daughter. Spencer was arrested as he arrived at the meeting, and was taken into custody on charges of promoting sexual abuse of a minor. He is currently being held in jail awaiting trial. This disturbing pattern of behavior has shocked the community and has raised concerns about the effectiveness of the criminal justice system in dealing with sexual predators. Some criminal justice experts have called for tougher sentences for repeat offenders like Spencer. Detective Jane Smith, who has been working on sexual exploitation cases for years, said in a statement, "It's deeply disturbing to see someone like Spencer, who has already been convicted of sexual abuse of a minor, continue to engage in this behavior. We must do more to protect our children and ensure that predators like Spencer are held accountable for their actions." Spencer's case is just one in a series of recent cases of sexual predators targeting vulnerable children. The rise of social media and other online platforms has made it easier for predators to exploit young people, which has led to a surge in cases throughout the country. Legal experts have stressed the importance of early intervention and prevention in combating this growing problem, as well as increasing sentencing guidelines for those convicted of sexual abuse crimes. Meanwhile, law enforcement officials are urging parents to talk to their children about online safety and to report any suspicious behavior to authorities. The trial for Thomas Rutledge Spencer is set to take place later this summer, and many are hoping that justice will once again be served in order to protect the most vulnerable members of our society.