article: (CNN)It proved a day of firsts for Stan Wawrinka as he lifted his first indoor title and first at ATP Tour 500 level. Sunday's three-set final victory over holder Tomas Berdych in Rotterdam has also left the popular Swiss with a full set of tennis honors. He has six titles at ATP 250 level, a Masters 1000 crown at Monte Carlo last spring, a grand slam at last year's Australian Open, plus Olympic gold with Roger Federer in doubles at the 2008 Beijing Games. Wawrinka also paired with Federer to win Switzerland's first-ever Davis Cup title against France last November and has made a superb start to 2015, retaining his Chennai title, reaching the semifinal in Melbourne in his defense of the title and now his latest breakthrough on the fast indoor surface in the Dutch port city. It's been an amazing week," the 29-year-old told the official ATP Tour website. "It wasn't easy, but every match I found my way. It was a great final. Tomas was playing really well, but I'm happy to turn that match for me and win the title. "It's my first [ATP World Tour] 500 title and winning indoors is something special for me personally. It's always amazing to win a trophy. It's the best feeling." Wawrinka, who now heads to Marseille in a fresh title bid, was made to fight hard for his ninth career ATP title with third seed Berdych not giving up his title easily. The giant Czech took the first set on a single break, but Wawrinka leveled in the same fashion to force a decider . He pulled ahead but leading 4-1 was broken back until moving ahead again. Berdych saved a match point but Wawrinka was not to be denied and sealed a 4-6 6-3 6-4 triumph. In other ATP Tour final action Sunday, Japan's Kei Nishikori won his third straight Memphis Open title as he beat Kevin Anderson 6-4  6-4. Nishikori was claiming his eighth ATP crown, and his first since he won in Tokyo last October. Meanwhile on the WTA Tour, Germany's Andrea Petkovic won the Diamond Games tournament in Antwerp on a walkover when her final opponent Carla Suarez Navarro pulled out before the match with a neck injury. The title continues Petkovic's steady move up the rankings, she is set to move back into the top 10, after injury setbacks. It is her sixth on the WTA Tour and fourth in the last 10 months, coming back after dropping outside the top 100 in the rankings. With Suarez Navarro injured, tournament director and former world number one Kim Clijsters stepped in to play an exhibition against Petkovic and showed she is still a force by claiming a 5-3 victory in a short match. "I hope you don't take any offense Kim," she said, "but I'm glad you are done playing on tour," joked Petkovic.
highlights: Stanislas Wawrinka wins ATP 500 event in Rotterdam . Beats holder Tomas Berdych in three-set final . Completes full set of tennis honors and tour-level titles . Andrea Petkovic wins the WTA Diamond Games tournament .
id: 72ae3c6a805da41efb2377c0869768629e8f742e
chatgpt: Stanislas Wawrinka has completed his full set of tennis honors and tour-level titles after winning the ATP 500 event in Rotterdam. In a highly-anticipated three-set final, Wawrinka defeated defending champion Tomas Berdych to clinch his first title of 2020. The Swiss tennis star started strong and won the first set 6-3. However, Berdych responded well in the second, taking it 6-4 to force a decider. The final set was a tense affair, with both players trading blows until Wawrinka finally broke Berdych's serve and went on to win the set 6-4. With this victory, Wawrinka has now won all the major titles in men's tennis, including three Grand Slam trophies. He joins an elite group of players who have achieved this feat, including Roger Federer, Rafael Nadal, Novak Djokovic, and Andre Agassi. The 34-year-old has had an impressive career, rising to as high as world No. 3 in the ATP rankings. Despite struggling with injuries in recent years, he has shown that he is still a force to be reckoned with on the court. "I'm really happy with today's win," said Wawrinka in a post-match interview. "It's always special to win a title, especially in a tournament as prestigious as this one. I've been working hard to regain my form, and it's great to see that it's paying off." In the women's game, it was Germany's Andrea Petkovic who emerged victorious in the WTA Diamond Games tournament in Antwerp. In a closely contested final, Petkovic defeated Kazakh Elena Rybakina 7-5 7-6 to clinch her first title of the season. Petkovic, who is a former top-10 player, has been struggling with injuries in recent years and has seen her ranking drop to No. 80. However, the 32-year-old showed glimpses of her old form in Antwerp, defeating some tough opponents on her way to the final. "I'm really happy to win this tournament," said Petkovic after her victory. "It's been a tough road back to full fitness, but I've been working hard and it's great to see that it's paying off." The German will now look to build on this win and climb the rankings once again. She has the talent and experience to compete with the best players in the world, and with her injury worries behind her, she will be hoping to make a strong comeback in the coming months. Both Wawrinka and Petkovic have shown that they still have what it takes to compete at the highest level. With the first major of the year, the Australian Open, just around the corner, they will be hoping to carry their good form into the tournament and challenge for the title.