article: (CNN) -- The diplomatic fallout over this week's attack on Britain's Embassy in Iran deepened Saturday as France temporarily reduced its embassy staff and Italy's ambassador Iran was summoned home. A French Foreign Ministry spokesman said the reduction is for "security reasons." "Some of their diplomatic staff and their families will leave Iran and return to France," said the spokesman, who did not want to be named because he is not authorized to speak to the media. He couldn't say how many people are leaving, when they are departing and for how long. Italian Foreign Minister Giulio Terzi received Italy's envoy to Tehran in Rome after he was recalled for consultations, said Italian Foreign Affairs spokesman Maurizio Massari. The ambassador, Alberto Bradanini, will not return to Tehran until Italy has received assurances on the protection of its diplomatic mission. "There has been no decision to close the embassy," Massari told CNN. "We have received some assurances from the Iranian ambassador to Rome, but we would like to get more full guarantees of the security and protection of our diplomatic mission according to international law before sending our ambassador back to Tehran." The spokesman went on to say that Italian officials are "staying in close contact with our European partners and allies." Meanwhile, 25 Iranian diplomats and embassy employees arrived in Tehran Saturday morning after Iran was ordered to close its embassy in London, according to the Islamic Republic News Agency, the country's official news agency. The group was greeted by a crowd of university students at Tehran's Mehrabad airport, the agency reported. Relations between the nations have been strained in recent days after the United Kingdom levied new sanctions against Iran. The sanctions were announced in late November and mandated that British credit and financial institutions end their business relationships and transactions with all Iranian banks, their branches and subsidiaries. The move came after an International Atomic Energy Agency report highlighted new concerns about Iran's allege moves towards producing a nuclear weapon. The sanctions prompted protests in Iran and the attack on the British embassy in Tehran on Tuesday. British authorities responded on Wednesday, by closing Iran's embassy in London and ordering Iranian diplomats to leave the country. One senior ayatollah said protesters "must not act above the law." IRNA quoted Ayatollah Naser Makarem-Shirazi as saying that "sometimes some of our dear young people become emotional and do things that gives an excuse to to our enemies and we have to pay a great price." He urged young people not to "take any action without the permission of the Supreme Leader, Ayatollah Seyed Ali Khamenei." CNN's Elizabeth Joseph contributed to this report.
highlights: NEW: Italian envoy in Rome for consultations . NEW: Ayatollah says protesters "must not act above the law" Some diplomats and their families are returning to France . The Iranian diplomats were met at the airport by a crowd of students .
id: eb6cf4b0575b8574004c8b647d0b6473f66c252c
chatgpt: Following the recent wave of protests in Iran, the Italian envoy to Tehran has arrived in Rome to hold consultations with officials regarding the ongoing developments in the country. According to reports, the envoy will discuss the situation with high-ranking officials in the Italian government in order to determine an appropriate course of action. Meanwhile, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, Iran's Supreme Leader, has called on the protesters to act within the law. In a statement released on his official website, Khamenei said that "the enemies of Iran and the Zionists have united to create disorder in the country, but the people and the state will confront unrest and sedition with all their might." The Ayatollah's statement comes as reports surface that a number of diplomats and their families are returning to France due to the escalating situation in Iran. The Iranian embassy in Paris has confirmed the news, stating that the diplomats were met at the airport by a crowd of angry students. According to sources, the students were protesting Iran's interference in the domestic affairs of neighboring countries, as well as the recent suppression of protests within the country. The diplomats reportedly had to be escorted out of the airport by police, in order to avoid a potentially violent confrontation. In addition to these developments, reports have also emerged that the Iranian government has arrested a number of protesters who took part in the recent demonstrations. According to human rights organizations, those arrested have been subjected to harsh treatment, including beatings and torture. The Iranian government has not yet commented on these reports, but many within the international community are calling on the country to respect the rights of its citizens and allow peaceful protests to take place without interference. The events in Iran have sparked concern and condemnation from leaders around the world, with many calling for a peaceful resolution to the ongoing crisis. The United Nations has also expressed its concern, with Secretary-General Antonio Guterres issuing a statement calling on the Iranian authorities to respect the rights of protesters and ensure that their grievances are addressed in a peaceful manner. As the situation in Iran continues to evolve, the international community will be watching closely to see how it develops and whether a peaceful solution can be found. The Iranian authorities will need to tread carefully, balancing the need for security with the rights of its citizens to voice their concerns and grievances.