article: (CNN) -- The first complete gorilla genome has been mapped by scientists giving fresh insights into our own origins. Gorilla are the last of the genus of living great apes (humans, chimpanzees, gorillas and orang-utans) to have their DNA decoded, offering new perspectives on their evolution and biology. "The gorilla genome is important because it sheds light on the time when our ancestors diverged from our closest evolutionary cousins around six to 10 million years ago," says Aylwyn Scally, postdoctoral fellow at the Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute, Cambridge and lead author of the report. "It also lets us explore the similarities and differences between our genes and those of gorilla, the largest living primate," he added. Read more: Mapping out a new era in brain research . A team of researchers examined more than 11,000 genes in humans, chimpanzees and gorillas, looking for evolutionary clues. Initial findings have revealed that 15% of the gorilla genome is closer to human DNA than to our nearest evolutionary relative, the chimpanzee. Researchers found that genes relating to sensory perception, hearing and brain development showed "accelerated evolution" in all three, but particularly in humans and gorillas. Having the entire length of the gorilla genome now means scientists can start to compare all the four great apes at every position on the genome, Scally says. It forms the baseline, he says, from which to move forwards and really explore why and when our genes and those of the great apes diverged. "Did it happen quite quickly or was it something that gradually happened? At the moment we don't know," he said. "It could have been some climatic change that separated humans in the east of Africa from chimpanzees in the forest -- that's an idea some have floated. If we can see some imprint of it in the genome that would be very, very useful information." Scientists used the DNA of a female western lowland gorilla (called Kamilah) who resides at San Diego Zoo. In the wild, it is the most widespread species of gorilla, according to the World Wildlife Fund (WWF), with a estimated population of 100-200,000 individuals. The majority are found in Cameroon, Central African Republic, west Congo, Equatorial Guinea, Gabon and Angola. Its cousin, the eastern lowland gorilla, is less prevalent (fewer than 20,000 individuals) and can only be found in the rainforests of the eastern Democratic Republic of Congo, says WWF. The research is published in the science journal Nature.
highlights: Scientists have completed the DNA map of an African western lowland gorilla . Research hopes to shed light on human evolution and biology . Western lowland gorilla population estimated to be 100-200,000 individuals in the wild .
id: 58ad9257b0ed8bc23563568334915f3383c1f1b7
chatgpt: Scientists have recently completed the DNA map of a western lowland gorilla, a prized research endeavor that could significantly enhance our understanding of human evolution and biology. The research has the potential to unveil the secrets of the western lowland gorilla's genetic makeup, which could give us a greater insight into our own genetics, as well as conservation efforts for the gorillas. The study was conducted by a team of geneticists from the United States, Germany, and the Republic of Congo. The team extracted DNA samples from an individual gorilla in the Congo and compared it to DNA samples from humans and other animals. The researchers hope that their analysis of these DNA samples may reveal how genes in the gorillas evolved and what impact they might have on human evolution. The western lowland gorilla is found in parts of Central Africa, and its population is estimated to be between 100,000 and 200,000 individuals in the wild. The species, which is one of two types of gorillas found in Africa, is considered to be critically endangered with its numbers declining rapidly. The loss of habitat due to deforestation, poaching, and disease are some of the biggest threats faced by these gentle giants. The research hopes to better understand how genetic variations in gorillas may contribute to their survival in the wild, and how conservation efforts can be boosted to protect them against threats. It is also expected that this DNA mapping of gorillas will provide some clues as to why humans are different from the gorillas and how we evolved and diverged from them. “This is a groundbreaking study that marks a significant step forward in our understanding of not just gorillas, but of the evolution of life on Earth as a whole,” said Dr. Jane Goodall, the world-renowned primatologist and conservationist. The research of the gorilla DNA is not just essential for our understanding of human biology and evolution. It could also provide a key to the survival of this species in the wild as we identify important genetic differences that could affect their conservation prospects. The DNA mapping of western lowland gorilla is also expected to pave the way for the development of new treatments for diseases like cancer, which has been shown to have significant genetic links. This research could ultimately contribute to the development of more effective treatments for a wide range of health conditions. Overall, the completion of the DNA map of the western lowland gorilla is a significant scientific achievement that offers a wealth of valuable insights into the evolution and biology of both humans and animals. It is hoped that this exciting research will spur further research and discovery in this vitally important area, and help to protect, better understand, and preserve the gorillas in their natural habitat.