article: A three-year-old Toronto boy who wandered into the bitter-cold streets of his neighborhood on his own early this morning wearing only a T-shirt, diaper and boots has been found dead. He was staying in his grandparents' apartment when he was seen on CCTV leaving the building at 4.20am. The boy's family woke at about 7.30am to find he was missing. They had last seen him when they put him to bed wearing a T-shirt and diaper at about 9.30pm. Scroll down for video . Three-year-old Elijah March, from Toronto, wandered into the bitter-cold streets of his neighborhood on his own last night wearing only a T-shirt, diaper and boots. He was found this morning without vital signs . Security footage from the building shows Elijiah pushing his way through the apartment building's front door at 4.05am. He was last seen on camera on the apartment's driveway at 4.20am before wandering off, according to CTV News. At 4.20 am, the temperature in the area was -2F, and with windchill it felt more like -18F. The boy was found with no vital signs 'tucked away in the corner' in the backyard of a home at 10.20am, Police Inspector Frank Barredo told CBC News. He was discovered by two volunteer searchers just a few hundred yards from where his family thought he was sleeping. He was taken to North York General Hospital in life-threatening condition and later died. There is no indication as to why the boy left his apartment or where he was trying to go, police said. Security footage from the building shows Elijiah pushing his way through the apartment building's front door at 4.20 am, when the temperature in the area was -2F, but with windchill it felt more like -18F. Mother-of-three Rachel Eizentil, who lives at the address where Elijah was found, told CBS News that she was devastated and that she hadn't heard any noise during the night. Barredo said more than 100 officers took part in the search for Elijah and volunteers came from all over the city to help. The police department also set up a comment post in the area. The search included police dogs and officers on horseback. 'Certainly the community stepped up and we are thankful for it,' he told CBC News. Toronto Mayor John Tory offered support for Elijah's family. 'As a father and as a grandfather, you just can't imagine what that family is going through dealing with this whole thing - from beginning to wherever it ends,' he said. The boy's family woke in their apartment (pictured) at about 7.30am to find he was missing. They had last seen him when they put him to bed wearing a T-shirt and diaper at about 9.30pm, Toronto police said .
highlights: Elijah March wandered out of a Toronto apartment after his family had gone to bed . At 4.20am, temperature was -2F, and with windchill it felt more like -18F . He was found at 10.20am by volunteer searchers in corner of a backyard . House he was found at was a few hundred yards from where he was staying . He was taken to North York General Hospital where he later died .
id: 8d68b94fb8818ae37ddb1fadd6ab1b2782e433cb
chatgpt: Tragic Toronto Overnight: Elijah March Found Dead After Wandering Out from Apartment In the early hours of a bitterly cold Toronto night, tragedy struck as 25-year-old Elijah March wandered out of his family's apartment while they slept. The temperature was a bone-chilling -2F, but with windchill, it felt more like -18F. Six hours later, volunteer searchers found March in the corner of a backyard, just a few hundred yards from where he had been staying. March was rushed to North York General Hospital, but ultimately did not survive his ordeal. The exact cause of his death has not been released, but it is believed that March succumbed to the extreme cold and hypothermia. The incident shocked and saddened March's community, as well as people across Toronto. Despite the late hour, many volunteers came forward to assist with the search effort, demonstrating the kindness and compassion of the city. March's family and friends are mourning the loss of a young man who was beloved by many. Those who knew March described him as a creative and kind person who always had a smile on his face. It is unclear what led March to leave the warmth and safety of his family's apartment in the middle of the night. Some have speculated that he may have been sleepwalking, while others have suggested that he may have been struggling with mental health issues. Regardless of the reason, March's tragic death is a reminder of the danger that can come with extreme weather conditions. As temperatures continue to drop in Toronto and across Canada, it is important to take precautions and stay safe. This includes dressing appropriately for the weather, staying indoors as much as possible, and checking in on vulnerable members of your community. It is also crucial to be aware of the signs of hypothermia and seek medical attention immediately if you or someone you know is experiencing symptoms. As the investigation into March's death continues, his family and loved ones are left to grieve and wonder what might have been done differently to prevent this tragedy. For the rest of us, the best we can do is honor March's memory by staying vigilant and taking care of ourselves and one another during this difficult time.