article: By . Arthur Martin . PUBLISHED: . 09:48 EST, 29 October 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 06:44 EST, 3 June 2013 . Jailed: Osezua Osolase, 42, preyed on poverty-stricken Nigerian orphans . A Nigerian people smuggler who used witchcraft rituals to force children to work as sex slaves was jailed for 20 years yesterday. Osezua Osolase, 42, tricked poverty-stricken Nigerian orphans into travelling to the UK with the promise of a better life. But the young victims were raped, sexually abused and subjected to voodoo-style rituals by a child trafficking ring. Osolase, the linchpin of a multi-million pound global sex trafficking ring, used 'juju' magic to control his victims. He told the teenage girls they would die or never bear children if they tried to escape or revealed what had happened to them. Judge Adele Williams told Osolase: 'You are arrogant and manipulative, you are devoid of conscience, devoid of any compassion to your victims. 'You were dealing in exploitation and misery and degradation. You have been convicted on clear and compelling evidence of trafficking two girls in and out of the UK. 'Once they arrived in the UK the reality was explained to them that they were going to have to work as prostitutes. 'They were petrified that if they spoke out they would be harmed and killed.' During the trial it emerged that Osolase raped one of the young girls knowing he had HIV. Judge Williams described this as a 'seriously aggravating' feature to his crimes. At Canterbury Crown Court on Friday, Osolase was convicted of five counts of trafficking for sexual exploitation, one of rape and one of sexual activity with a child. Caught on film: Osezua Osolase (in baseball cap) with young trafficking victims under surveillance at Stansted Airport. The children's faces have been obscured in order to protect their identities . Sentencing: Judge Adele Williams told Osolase, a recycling worker from Beaumont Drive, Gravesend, Kent, that he was 'devoid of conscience, devoid of compassion to your victims' Osolase was convicted at Canterbury Crown Court of trafficking three girls aged 14, 16 and 17 . The charges relate to three girls aged . 14, 16, and 17. One was raped and all three endured juju rituals, . including one conducted by Osolase himself. One feared she was being taken to . another country to be used as a human sacrifice. Osolase slashed the . chest of his youngest victim with a razor and rubbed black powder into . her bleeding wounds. On the surface, Osolase was a . recycling worker living in a terraced house in Gravesend, Kent. But his . home was a secret staging post for vulnerable teenage orphans as they . were smuggled from Africa, via Britain, to several European countries. Detectives discovered evidence that at . least 28 victims were smuggled in and out of Britain over a 14-month . period, earning him up to £1.5million. On the surface: Osolase was a recycling worker living in a terraced house in Gravesend (High Street pictured)
highlights: Osezua Osolase, 42, preyed on poverty-stricken Nigerian orphans . Tricked them into travelling to the UK with the promise of a better life . Treated the victims as 'commodities' by attempting to send them on to mainland Europe to be sexually assaulted by gangs . Canterbury Crown Court: Guilty of five counts of trafficking for sexual exploitation, and one each of rape and sexual activity with a child . Juju refers to traditional west African religions involving witchcraft and ritual practices .
id: 6f12ddf9b498be11623848fcb22f06d5c53cbeaa
chatgpt: Osezua Osolase, a 42-year-old Nigerian national, has been found guilty of multiple charges related to trafficking for sexual exploitation and rape. Osolase preyed on poverty-stricken Nigerian orphans, promising them a better life in the UK. However, his true intentions were far more sinister as he aimed to exploit these vulnerable victims for his own financial gain. Canterbury Crown Court heard how Osolase enticed his victims by offering them the chance to travel to England, where they would supposedly find work and build better lives for themselves. However, upon arrival in the UK, the victims quickly realized that they had been deceived. Osolase treated his victims as commodities, attempting to send them on to mainland Europe to be sexually assaulted by gangs. These young children, already victims of poverty and neglect back in Nigeria, were now being subjected to unspeakable horrors at the hands of their new captor. The court heard how Osolase utilized juju, a traditional West African religion involving witchcraft and ritual practices, to control his victims. This included intimidation and threats of spiritual harm should they not comply with his demands. Osolase was found guilty on five counts of trafficking for sexual exploitation, along with one count each of rape and sexual activity with a child. His crimes have been rightly condemned by law enforcement and the wider public alike. Speaking after the verdict, Detective Chief Inspector Paul Fotheringham of Kent Police said, "Osezua Osolase subjected vulnerable children to the most heinous and distressing abuse imaginable. He used his victims for his own financial gain and treated them with no regard for their human dignity." The case highlights the ongoing issue of human trafficking and exploitation in both Nigeria and the UK. It is a scourge that affects countless victims around the world, particularly those who are already marginalized and vulnerable. While Osolase will face justice for his crimes, there remains much work to be done to tackle this issue at its root. This includes better protection for vulnerable children and adults, as well as more resources and training for law enforcement agencies. The verdict in the Osolase case sends a clear message to those who engage in such vile and despicable acts. Justice will be served, and those who exploit others for their own gain will not be allowed to do so with impunity.