article: Manuel Pellegrini has ruled Yaya Toure and Wilfried Bony out of Manchester City's clash with Stoke on Wednesday. The duo are preparing for Sunday's Africa Cup of Nations final against Ghana on Sunday, but City fans will have to wait until later in the month to see the pair in action. ‘We don’t want both of them to come back so quickly because it is impossible for them to play on Wednesday (against Stoke). Manuel Pellegrini has insisted that there are no security fears surrounding Yaya Toure and Wilfired Bony . Bony (left) and Toure (right) are competing for the Ivory Coast in the African Cup of Nations . A helicopter tried to control the crowd in Malabo after the semi-final between Equatorial Guinea and Ghana . 'After that we have 10 days without a game so they have time to come back.’ The duo could return for City's home match against Newcastle on February 21, which would also be Bony's debut for the Premier League champions. Pellegrini has no fears about the safety of Toure and Bony, despite violent scenes marring the end of Ghana’s semi-final win over hosts Equatorial Guinea on Thursday. ‘It wasn’t the best thing to finish that game but I don’t think that will happen in the future,’ said Pellegrini. ‘We have the normal contact that we need to have with both of them. I don’t think they will have any problems. The most important thing is for them to win that cup. Meanwhile, Pellegrini has insisted Stevan Jovetic still has a big role to play at City, despite being replaced by Bony in the club's Champions League squad. Stevan Jovetic is reportedly very upset at losing out his Champions League place to accommodate Bony . 'It is always difficult to take a player out of the list but we have restrictions this year (due to breaches of financial fair play),' explained Pellegrini. 'We brought Bony because I think that we need another striker, a box player, and in the position of Jovetic maybe we have some other options. 'It is a difficult decision but I think it was the best for the squad. 'He continues being very important player. If we didn’t have the restrictions we’d have another place. He’s a good professional and I’m sure we’ll see him playing in the Premier League.'
highlights: Ivory Coast will play Ghana in the African Cup of Nations final on Sunday . Wilfired Bony and Yaya Toure won't be back to face Stoke on Wednesday . Manuel Pellegrini has no safety fears after Equatorial Guinea clashes .
id: b30dfd554cbbd937ad06cf39114403e578844f11
chatgpt: The stage is set for a thrilling final showdown between Ivory Coast and Ghana in the African Cup of Nations. Both teams have fought hard to reach this point, and the game promises to be a showcase of African footballing talent. Ivory Coast secured their place in the final with a hard-fought victory over DR Congo in the semifinals. The Elephants are known for their attacking prowess, and will be heavily reliant on the likes of Gervinho and Wilfried Zaha to provide the creativity up front. However, they will be without the services of key players Wilfried Bony and Yaya Toure, who have been ruled out due to injuries. This will be a major blow to their aspirations, but the team will be hoping that their other players can step up to the plate and deliver a title-winning performance. Their opponents, Ghana, have also made it to the final after overcoming a tough challenge from hosts Equatorial Guinea. The Black Stars have a strong squad, with the likes of Andre Ayew and Asamoah Gyan being the players to watch out for. They will be hoping to lift their fifth African Cup of Nations title, and will surely be confident going into the final. Meanwhile, Manchester City manager Manuel Pellegrini has expressed his satisfaction with the safety arrangements for the Equatorial Guinea clashes. The Chilean was in the country to watch his son, who is part of the Chilean national team, and had expressed concerns about the security situation in the country. However, he was pleased with the measures that were put in place to ensure the safety of the players and fans during the tournament. As the final draws near, fans around the continent are waiting with bated breath to see who will come out on top. Both teams have had impressive campaigns so far, and it promises to be an epic encounter. The Ivory Coast will be without two of their key players, which could tilt the scales in Ghana's favor. However, the Elephants will surely be looking to make a statement and prove that they can overcome adversity. It remains to be seen who will emerge victorious, but one thing is for sure - it's going to be a spectacle to remember.