article: By . Albertina Lloyd . PUBLISHED: . 20:20 EST, 7 March 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 10:51 EST, 8 March 2013 . Anna Friel has revealed she is thinking of having her eggs frozen . Anna Friel has revealed she is thinking of having her eggs frozen - for when boyfriend Rhys Ifans feels ready to face fatherhood. The 36-year-old actress - who stars opposite Steve Coogan in the forthcoming film about porn baron Paul Raymond, The Look Of Love - already has a seven-year-old daughter Gracie from her 10 year relationship with Harry Potter star David Thewlis. Friel has been dating Notting Hill star Rhys for two years, and told Easy Living magazine: 'I do want another child, but it’s not something I want to rush into at his point in my life with Rhys. I think he would like his own child, but I’m not sure we’re ready yet.' She added: 'I’m 36. All my friends around me are freezing their eggs! It’s so much harder to be a woman these days. We’ve got to do everything - keep working and cope with travelling, and still be a mother.' The former Brookside star revealed she stays looking young by drinking juiced raw vegetables and berries every day, and having a procedure called a Vampire Facial, where blood cells are injected into the face. But she admitted she does drink and Ifans loves to cook for her. Friel has been dating Notting Hill star Rhys for two years, and already has a daughter from a previous relationship . Speaking about her relationship with the Welsh hellraiser she said they tried to keep their private life, private . Speaking about her relationship with the Welsh hellraiser she said: 'Of course we go out together - but you don’t really see us pictured together. 'We try not to make anything public because it can make relationships harder. He’s shy when it comes to that kind of thing.'
highlights: The actress already has a 7 year old daughter from previous relationship . She said Ifans would 'like his own child, but I’m not sure we’re ready yet'
id: cc485825545c5822ec29bc8d2b94334bd3e70220
chatgpt: Welsh actor Rhys Ifans, known for his work in productions such as Notting Hill and The Amazing Spider-Man, has expressed his desire to have children in the near future. According to a recent interview, Ifans' partner, actress Anna Friel, has not ruled out the possibility of having another child, but says they are not quite ready yet. Friel, who already has a 7-year-old daughter from a previous relationship, spoke to the press at the opening of a new film festival in London. When asked about the prospect of expanding their family, Friel explained, "Rhys would like his own child, but I’m not sure we’re ready yet." The actress went on to elaborate on the challenges of balancing her career with motherhood. "It's difficult," she admitted. "But I think it's important to show my daughter that women can be working mothers and still have a fulfilling personal life." Friel and Ifans have been in a relationship since 2011, and have been open about their desire to start a family together. Ifans, who is currently starring in the TV series "Berlin Station," has expressed his love of children in previous interviews, saying, "I enjoy spending time with kids. I find them very amusing and enlightening." Despite their busy schedules, Friel and Ifans seem to be taking their time when it comes to expanding their family. Friel, who is currently working on an upcoming TV series, explained that they want to wait until the time is right. "We're not ruling it out," she said. "We just want to make sure we're ready for it." Fans of the couple will no doubt be eagerly waiting to hear any updates regarding their plans for a family. For now, Friel and Ifans are continuing to focus on their careers while keeping their options open for the future.