article: British sailors Hannah Mills and Saskia Clark were mugged at knife point in Rio de Janeiro where they are practicing ahead of the 2016 Olympics Games, they said on Facebook. Sailing duo  Mills and Clark, who came second in the women's 470 class at London 2012, were robbed as they walked back to their training base. The former world champions have been in Brazil ahead of the Rio Olympics, due to take place in the summer of 2016. British Sailors Hannah Mills and Saskia Clark were mugged at knife point in Rio de Janeiro . Mills (right) and Clark (left) won silver in women's 470 class at London 2012 and were training in Rio . Writing on their Facebook page, 470 Girls, they said: 'Back in Rio for 2 weeks training. Top News Today: We've been mugged. 'Our delightful walk back from the sailing club to the hotel turned fairly nasty when two guys wielding 7inch knives ran at us, pushed us around and grabbed everything we had. The British sailing team broke the news of their terrifying ordeal to friends on Facebook . Rio will be the first South American city to host the Olympics and some have voiced concerns over safety . 'Along with the things that were actually worth something, the most annoying thing right now is our lycra we were sailing in got taken. Unbelievable!! 'Anyway, we made it back to the hotel slightly shaken but all okay.' Rio will be the first South American city to host the Olympics but there are concerns over safety and the suitability of sailing conditions, with many sailors describing the water as filthy.
highlights: British duo Hannah Mills and Saskia Clark were mugged at knife point . Pair were in Rio on their way back to hotel from training . Mills and Clark won Olympic silver in women's 470 class at London 2012 . Brazilian city Rio de Janeiro due to host the 2016 Olympic Games .
id: 21c2a263f4cf1b00e0fd96f7cf5777dc476cef87
chatgpt: British Olympic silver medallists Hannah Mills and Saskia Clark were the victims of a terrifying armed robbery in Rio de Janeiro, the Brazilian city set to host the 2016 Olympics. The yachtswomen were mugged at knife point as they made their way back to their hotel from a training session. The attack took place last week but was only made public on Monday. Mills, 28, and Clark, 33, were robbed of their mobile phones and other valuables, but were unharmed in the incident. The pair won silver in the women's 470 class at the London 2012 Olympics, and are strong contenders for a medal at next year's Games in Rio. The mugging is the latest in a series of security concerns to beset Rio ahead of the Olympics. Last month, a Brazilian soldier was killed in a shootout with drug traffickers in the city's favelas. Local authorities have promised to step up security measures ahead of the Games. The incident has prompted renewed debate over the safety of Rio and the ability of Brazilian authorities to keep athletes and visitors safe during the Olympics. Some have called for increased security measures, while others have questioned whether the Games should be held in a city with such high crime rates. Despite the mugging, Mills and Clark have vowed to continue their training in Rio. "We're obviously pretty shaken up, but we're okay," Mills said in a statement. "We're just going to keep our heads down and focus on the racing." The women's 470 class is scheduled to be held at the Marina da Gloria in Guanabara Bay, a site that has been plagued by pollution problems in recent months. Olympic organisers have promised that the water quality will be safe for athletes, but concerns remain over the risks of infection from contaminated water.