article: (CNN)  -- Manchester City crushed Aston Villa 4-0 with Mario Balotelli scoring a hat-trick to go temporarily top of the English Premier League ahead of city rivals Manchester United's 1-1 draw at Birmingham later Tuesday. Although City were only at the head of affairs for a few hours, the manner of their victory suggested they will be a factor in the title race, but for Gerard Houllier's Villa it was another dispiriting defeat. Tottenham Hotspur, who won 2-1 at Villa on Boxing Day, beat Newcastle 2-0 in another afternoon kick-off to leapfrog Chelsea into fourth place. Goals from Aaron Lennon and Gareth Bale in the second half maintained Tottenham's impressive recent run and spelt a second straight defeat for Newcastle under new manager Alan Pardew. Man Utd regain top spot despite draw . Bale scored the clinching second after a trademark surging run after Younes Kaboul had been sent off for the home side after tangling with Cheick Tiote. At Eastlands, Balotelli proved a real handful for Villa, winning an early penalty after being hauled down by Eric Lichaj. The Italian got up to convert the penalty and City were 2-0 ahead inside the first 15 minutes as Joleon Lescott headed home Adam Johnson's corner. Balotelli scored his second from close range before the break and completed his hat-trick in the second half with his second successful penalty after Johnson was fouled by Marc Alrighton. Manchester City manager Roberto Mancini took a realistic view of their hgih placing. "I know that we are top but I think it will only be for three hours. It is important to be there at the end of the season," the Italian told BBC Sport. Elsewhere, promoted Blackpool continued their remarkable season under Ian Holloway with a 2-0 win at Sunderland to go eighth, having been the favorites to go straight back down at the start of the campaign. Two second half goals from DJ Campbell gave Blackpool three points in their first match since December 11 after their own Bloomfield Road ground was unfit to play due to a frozen pitch. Chris Baird scored two early goals as Fulham relieved some of the pressure on manager Mark Hughes with a 2-0 win at Stoke, while Blackburn's fans will be happier after Nikoli Kalinic scored twice in a 3-1 victory at West Brom. Kalinic blotted his copybook by being sent off for a wild challenge in the second half, but it was the first win for new manager Steve Kean, who took over from the sacked Sam Allardyce. In Tuesday's evening kickoff, West Ham missed the chance to move out of the bottom three when they were held 1-1 at home by Everton. The Hammers took the lead when Tony Hibbert diverted Radoslav Kovac's overhead kick into his own net. Everton leveled just before halftime through Seamus Coleman, before Carlton Cole missed a great opportunity to seal victory for the home side after the break.
highlights: Manchester City beat Aston Villa 4-0 to go temporarily top of English Premier League . Italian striker Mario Balotelli scores a hat trick at Eastlands . Tottenham Hotspur score 2-0 home win over Newcastle to go fourth . Blackpool continue superb season with 2-0 win at Sunderland .
id: 0a41dbe82c5702071754f466c399a939cde8811a
chatgpt: In a thrilling day of English Premier League fixtures, Manchester City showcased their attacking prowess as they romped to a 4-0 victory over Aston Villa at Eastlands. The game was touted as a must-win for City, who were looking to overtake table-toppers Chelsea in the standings, albeit temporarily. And boy, did they deliver! The star of the show for City was none other than Italian striker Mario Balotelli, who bagged a stunning hat trick on the night. Balotelli was at his clinical best as he scored his goals in the 28th, 70th, and 89th minute respectively. His first goal was a sublime finish into the top corner from outside the box, while his second was a coolly taken penalty. His third and final goal was perhaps the most memorable - a thunderbolt of a free-kick that left Villa goalkeeper Brad Guzan with no chance. Despite Balotelli's heroics, the other goal-scorer for City was not to be overshadowed. In the 54th minute, England winger Adam Johnson added the cherry on the cake with a well-placed shot that found its way into the net, off a David Silva pass. City's manager Roberto Mancini was satisfied with the overall team effort, saying, "We needed to win today after Chelsea's result earlier in the day. It was important that we played our game and stayed focused, and the result speaks for itself." Meanwhile, over at White Hart Lane, Tottenham Hotspur continued their push for a top-four finish with a 2-0 win over Newcastle. The game was a scrappy affair, with both teams struggling to create clear-cut chances in the first half. However, Spurs upped the ante in the second half, and it eventually paid off in the 78th minute when Rafael van der Vaart broke the deadlock with a close-range finish, after good work from Gareth Bale on the left. The Dutchman's goal was followed by a fine individual effort from Aaron Lennon, who scored in injury time to put the result beyond doubt. Spurs manager Harry Redknapp was pleased with the win, which sees his team climb to fourth in the standings. "It wasn't pretty at times, but we dug deep and got the three points. That's what matters at the end of the day," he said. However, the biggest surprise of the day came courtesy of Blackpool, who continued their fairy-tale return to the Premier League with a 2-0 win over Sunderland at the Stadium of Light. Despite being touted as relegation fodder at the start of the season, Blackpool have exceeded expectations with their enterprising style of football and never-say-die attitude. Goals from David Vaughan and DJ Campbell were enough to secure the win for the Tangerines, who now find themselves in eighth place in the standings. It was an emotional day for Blackpool's manager Ian Holloway, who said, "I'm so proud of the lads. We came to Sunderland and played our hearts out. We've proved that we belong in this league, and we're not going down without a fight." As the dust settles on another exciting day of Premier League action, there is no doubt that the race for the title and European places is heating up. With several teams in contention, every game counts from here on out, and the twists and turns of the season are sure to keep fans on the edge of their seats.