article: David De Gea has been a rock in Manchester United's shaky defence during a difficult first five months for Louis van Gaal's new-look side, says former Old Trafford legend Peter Schmeichel. De Gea, who signed from Altetico Madrid for £18.9million in 2011, had a difficult start to life with United with many criticising the Spaniard for some shaky early displays between the posts. De Gea, however, has excelled for United in recent seasons and has been consistently excellent behind a questionable defence hit by injuries to key players such as Chris Smalling, Phil Jones and Luke Shaw and without the experienced trio of Nemanja Vidic, Rio Ferdinand and Patrice Evra who all moved on during the summer. David De Gea has been superb for Louis van Gaal's new look Manchester Untied side this season . David De Gea saves a shot from Southampton's Shane Long during his side's recent 2-1 victory at St Mary's . De Gea denies Arsenal forward Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain a shot at goal during United's win at the Emirates . Juan Mata (left) congratulates De Gea after his superb performance against Everton in October . And Schmeichel, who played eight seasons for United, believes De Gea has proven himself to be Van Gaal's most reliable player during the current campaign. 'He's doing really well,' Schmeichel told goal.com. I think he's the only player in the squad who performs consistently every time. Last season he was the only player who consistently brought any kind of quality to Manchester United. 'Last season was good for him. He won the championship in the year before but there was still this doubt about him and I think he washed that away with his performances.' After a disastrous start to the season, including a 5-3 humiliation at Leicester City in September, Van Gaal's has steadied the ship in recent weeks with United winning their last five Premier League games on the trot. Liverpool's Yossi Benayoun shoots past De Gea (left) during his time with Atletico Madrid back in 2010 . Recent wins over Crystal Palace, Arsenal, Hull, Stoke City and Southampton have propelled United up to third in the table. 'That's how you win championships. That's how you qualify for the Champions League,' the Dane added. 'Last season, as soon as they came under pressure and went behind, they would lose the game which is very unlike Manchester United. 'To get results and play the way they played against Southampton and win that game, it was hugely important. 'At no point in that game were they impressive but that was the kind of game they would lose last season so that's a very big positive.' United will hoping De Gea's superb form continues as they target a sixth win in a row when they host arch-rivals Liverpool at Old Trafford on Sunday afternoon. Ex-United legend Peter Schmeichel (above) believes De Gea has been the most consistent player at the club .
highlights: David De Gea signed from Atletico Madrid for £18.9million in 2011 . De Gea received some harsh criticism during his early days at Old Trafford . The Spanish goalkeeper has excelled for United in recent seasons . De Gea has been superb behind an injury-hit United defence this season . Louis van Gaal's men have won their last five Premier League games . De Gea's side are currently third in the league standings . United host Liverpool at Old Trafford on Sunday afternoon .
id: 771a33b19e638b81501bb432480034625130cb48
chatgpt: Manchester United's goalkeeper David De Gea is gearing up to face their bitter rivals Liverpool at Old Trafford on Sunday, as he continues to shine for the Red Devils following a difficult start to his career in England. De Gea's arrival in 2011 for £18.9 million from Atletico Madrid was met with great expectation, but the Spanish shot-stopper was heavily criticised during his early days at Old Trafford. He struggled to adapt to the physical nature of the English game and made some costly mistakes, leading many to question whether he was good enough to be Manchester United's number one goalkeeper. However, De Gea has worked tirelessly to improve his game and has become one of the best goalkeepers in the world in recent seasons. He has been a key player for United behind an injury-hit defence this season, keeping 11 clean sheets in 23 Premier League games. The 29-year-old's outstanding performances have not gone unnoticed by his teammates and fans alike, who have praised him for his bravery, agility and exceptional shot-stopping ability. His stunning saves have kept United in the hunt for a top-four finish, and with just four points separating them from fourth-placed Chelsea, De Gea will be keen to continue his fine form in Sunday's crucial clash with Liverpool. Speaking ahead of the game, De Gea said: "I feel good and confident in myself and the team. We are coming into this game with a good run of form, but we know that Liverpool are a tough team to beat. It's always a big game when we play them, and we will do everything we can to win." United's recent form has been impressive, winning their last five Premier League games to move up to third in the table. They have scored 14 goals and conceded just two in that run, with De Gea playing a pivotal role in their defensive solidity. Manager Ole Gunnar Solskjaer has hailed De Gea as one of the best goalkeepers in the world, and his faith in the Spaniard has been rewarded with some outstanding performances this season. Solskjaer knows that De Gea will be vital if United are to continue their winning run against Liverpool on Sunday. United have a strong record against their rivals at Old Trafford, winning eight of their last 10 meetings on home soil. However, Liverpool are currently sitting pretty at the top of the table after an impressive start to the season, and will provide a stern test for United's defence. De Gea will no doubt be relishing the challenge of facing Liverpool's prolific attack, which includes the likes of Mohamed Salah, Sadio Mane and Roberto Firmino. If he can produce another outstanding performance on Sunday, United could well come away with a crucial three points in their bid for Champions League qualification. As De Gea continues to excel for Manchester United, it is clear that the Spanish goalkeeper has come a long way since his difficult early days at Old Trafford. He has established himself as one of the best in the business, and will be looking to cement his reputation further in Sunday's mouth-watering clash with Liverpool.