article: By . Emily Crane . A teenager jailed for at least 24 years for shooting dead one of three friends walking to an Adelaide New Year's Eve party has challenged his murder conviction claiming he was too drunk to specifically intend to harm anyone. A lawyer for Liam Humbles, 19, asked the Court of Criminal Appeal on Wednesday to overturn her client's murder conviction saying it was based on error. Humbles was found guilty in March of murdering Lewis McPherson, 18, and the attempted murder of Lewis' friends Liam Trewartha and James Lamont. Scroll down for video . Liam Humbles, 19, was jailed for at least 24 years for shooting dead one of three friends walking to an Adelaide New Year's Eve party in 2012 . The trio were walking to the party in Warradale, south west of Adelaide, on December 31, 2012, when they came across Humbles, an acquaintance, who fired shots at them while affected by drugs and alcohol. Humbles' lawyer, Marie Shaw QC, said the judge overlooking his trial made an error in concluding that the 'grossly intoxicated' teen had the specific intent to murder. 'There is a difference between basic intent - to fire the gun, to do various acts - and specific intent (to kill),' Ms Shaw told the court. She said Humbles was found to have a blood alcohol reading of between 0.252 and 0.284. Humbles was found guilty in March of murdering Lewis McPherson (pictured) and the attempted murder of Lewis' friends Liam Trewartha and James Lamont . He had been drinking all day and was described as being in a 'comatose-type state' when he passed out on a bedroom floor, before being woken up by a friend who wanted Humbles' pistol. After they argued, Humbles was ejected from the house and soon after those inside heard the shots being fired. Ms Shaw said Humbles had exhibited 'bizarre behaviour' and when police came to the scene, he could not stand up, lost his balance when sitting down and fell asleep on the way to the police station. A lawyer for Humbles asked the Court of Criminal Appeal on Wednesday to overturn her client's murder conviction saying it was based on error . His condition would have been heightened by his young age and the emotional state he was in after being ejected. Ms Shaw also contended that the 24-year minimum term was 'manifestly excessive'. The hearing continues. The trio were walking to the party in Warradale, south west of Adelaide, on December 31, 2012, when they came across Humbles, an acquaintance, who fired shots at them while affected by drugs and alcohol . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
highlights: Liam Humbles shot dead Lewis McPherson in 2012 on his way to New Year's Eve party in Adelaide . He was jailed for 24 years in March for murder and attempted murder of Lewis' two friends . 19-year-old's lawyer appealed against conviction on Wednesday claiming it was based on error . Marie Shaw QC said the 'grossly intoxicated' teen did not have the specific intent to murder .
id: 4a18ea669efd55bfc10c4e50ded0e395617a807c
chatgpt: A high-profile murder case from 2012 was back in the headlines this week as the convicted killer's defense team appealed the verdict. Liam Humbles was sentenced to 24 years in jail back in March for the murder of Lewis McPherson and the attempted murder of two of Lewis' friends. The incident occurred on New Year's Eve, 2012, as Humbles was making his way to a party in Adelaide. Humbles' lawyer, Marie Shaw QC, argued on Wednesday that her client's conviction was based on a misunderstanding of the facts of the case. She claimed that Humbles, who was 19 at the time, had been grossly intoxicated and did not have the specific intent to murder anyone when he fired his weapon. The prosecution argued that Humbles had deliberately targeted McPherson and his friends, who were merely in the wrong place at the wrong time. The court heard that Humbles had been involved in a heated altercation with another group of people earlier in the evening and had brandished a weapon, which he later used to fatally shoot McPherson. Despite the prosecution's claims, Shaw argued that Humbles' actions were the result of a tragic misunderstanding rather than a deliberate act of violence. She suggested that he may have been trying to scare the other group of people, accidentally firing the weapon and hitting McPherson instead. The hearing on Wednesday was attended by members of both Humbles' and McPherson's families, who have been deeply affected by the events of 2012. Speaking to reporters outside the courthouse, McPherson's mother expressed her hope that the appeal would be denied and that justice would continue to be served. The judge in the case has reserved judgment on the matter, leaving Humbles' fate in the balance. If his appeal is successful, he could be eligible for a new trial, although it is unclear whether the prosecution would choose to pursue the case again given the length of the initial trial and the emotional toll it has taken on all involved. Regardless of the final outcome of the appeal, the incident serves as a stark reminder of the dangers of excessive alcohol consumption and the tragic consequences that can result from impulsive actions. It is important that we continue to educate young people on the importance of responsible drinking and the impact that their choices can have on themselves and others.