article: Over the years, it has played host to supermodels, singers and playboys. The property was even the favoured venue for sex parties thrown by one of the Duchess of Cambridge’s erstwhile chums. Now 33 Portland Place, the Grade II-listed Georgian mansion owned by fraudster ‘fast Eddie’, is to be sold to an equally colourful character – porn publisher David Sullivan. When self-styled ‘Lord’ Edward Davenport was convicted of a multi- million-pound fraud and jailed for eight years in 2011, he was told to pay a confiscation order of £12 million as well as £2 million to 51 victims. Released from prison on compassionate grounds last May after a kidney transplant, Davenport has been loath to part with his London home, despite it descending into faded grandeur over the past few years. Scroll down for video . David Sullivan, pictured, will buy the Grade-II listed Georgian mansion owned by 'Lord' Edward Davenport . 'Lord' Edward Davenport, right, pictured in the mansion he bought before his downfall in 1998 . But unable to raise funds to pay his victims he has been forced to sell the Marylebone mansion he bought in 1998 for a knockdown price – for £25 million. Sullivan intends to spend a further £25 million restoring the building to its former splendour with his wife, Emma Benton-Hughes, overseeing the refurbishment. ‘David intends to spare no expense on its restoration,’ said one of Sullivan’s circle. ‘He intends to sell it on for a huge profit.’ Built in 1776, the 24-bedroom house was the location for the Oscar- winning film The King’s Speech, starring Colin Firth and Helena Bonham Carter, and was also used in 2004 for The Life and Death Of Peter Sellers and Vera Drake. Kate Moss was filmed on the staircase in a racy basque and stockings for an Agent Provocateur advertisement and Amy Winehouse shot a video for her single Rehab there. More recently, the address had become a byword for decadence and promiscuity. Davenport had a lucrative sideline hiring out his home to Emma Sayle, who used to go to school with the Duchess of Cambridge. Amid its increasingly seedy and shabby surroundings, she hosted marathon sex parties. It is believed that Sullivan will pay £25 million for the 24-bedroom house in Marylebone, pictured . The lower ground floor, with its nightclub area, hot tub and flashing lights, featured in scores of her infamous Killing Kittens get-togethers as well as in porn movies. At one party, Courvoisier built a swimming pool and filled it with 4,000 litres of cocktail so revellers could row across it. But the louche parties ended abruptly in 2010 when the High Court ruled that commercial activity at the house was banned. Last night, friends said Davenport, who rose to fame in the 1980s with his boozy Gatecrasher balls, was heartbroken to lose his home. ‘Eddie is incredibly unhappy about the sale, but he doesn’t have a choice,’ one said. ‘The truth is he is devastated. He thinks it is all shockingly unfair.’
highlights: 'Lord' Edward Davenport bought the 24-bedroom London mansion in 1998 . He was jailed for eight years in 2011 for a multi-million-pound fraud . He was hit with a £12m confiscation order and has to repay £2m to victims . The Marylebone mansion is being bought by porn baron 'David Sullivan'
id: 3fc957a9599572c7af266d4140c6485ab845fb97
chatgpt: The infamous 'Lord' Edward Davenport made headlines in 2011 when he was jailed for a multi-million-pound fraud that spanned over a decade. Now, news has emerged that the 24-bedroom London mansion that he once owned has been sold to porn baron, David Sullivan. Davenport bought the Marylebone mansion, located in one of London's most exclusive areas, back in 1998. The property became notorious for its extravagant parties, which were attended by the rich and famous. However, after Davenport's arrest, the property was put up for sale. Fast forward to today, and it has been confirmed that David Sullivan, founder of the Daily Sport newspaper, has purchased the property. It is said that he paid around £15 million for the mansion, which is located on Upper Grosvenor Street. The sale marks the end of a long legal battle for Davenport, who was hit with a £12 million confiscation order after his conviction. He was also ordered to repay £2 million to his victims, which is thought to be one of the largest confiscation orders ever made in the UK. Davenport's fraud involved creating a network of companies that claimed to provide property investment opportunities. He convinced investors to part with their money by promising high returns, but instead used the money to fund his extravagant lifestyle. During his trial, it was revealed that Davenport had purchased yachts, private jets, and numerous properties with the money he had defrauded from his investors. Speaking about the sale of the property, a spokesperson for David Sullivan said: "He is delighted to have acquired such a stunning property in such a prime location. It has been a pleasure to deal with the sale and we wish the previous owners every success in their future endeavors." The Marylebone mansion is said to be one of the largest private residences in London, with 24 bedrooms, a cinema room, and a spa. The property also boasts a private courtyard and a roof terrace, both of which offer stunning views of the city. It is believed that Sullivan plans to use the mansion as his main residence, although he may also use it for business purposes. He has significant property interests across London and is no stranger to owning large properties. The sale of the Marylebone mansion marks the end of a chapter for Davenport, who was once regarded as one of London's most notorious socialites. However, it also marks a new beginning for the property, which is sure to be put to good use by its new owner.