article: Casey Kasem's wife will bury him in Norway and not Los Angeles as he wished, a publicist for the late radio star's daughter has confirmed. Kasem's widow Jean Kasem has made arrangements for her husband's body to be flown to Oslo after claiming that she has Norwegian heritage. But today in an embarrassing rebuttal for the statuesque blonde, Jean’s nephew spoke out to say his aunt doesn’t have ‘an ounce’ of Norwegian blood in her. Tommy Thompson, the son of one of Jean’s siblings, said: ‘As far as we know, we are English, German and Native American. Scroll down for video . Conflict: Jean Kasem has arranged for her late husband to be buried in Norway and not LA as he wished. The couple is pictured at the Museum of Television and Radio's gala tribute to Barbara Walters on November 15, 2004 at the Beverly Hills Hotel in California . Kerri Kasem, Casey Kasem's daughter,  wants her dad to be buried in Los Angeles . ‘We have never ever heard anyone speak of Norway or [speak] Norwegian for that matter in our house. ‘We don''t have an ounce of Norwegian blood to our knowledge.’ Casey's family are now working with LA private investigator Logan Clarke but have few legal options to prevent the overseas burial, publicist Danny Deraney said. Mr Deraney revealed that Casey’s daughter Kerri is planning on writing a letter to the Norwegian government expressing her dismay at the situation. He said: ‘As you may have seen, Jean Kasem is planning to attempt to bury Casey Kasem in Oslo, Norway. She sent an open letter to the Norwegian government declaring among other things, her Norwegian ancestry. ‘The children, the family and friends want Casey Kasem to be buried in the place he requested, Forest Lawn in Glendale. Not to a foreign country he has never visited.’ Teruyuki Olsen, a lawyer for Jean Kasem, didn't return an email seeking comment. As the spouse of the radio personality, Jean Kasem is conservator of his body, said Deraney, . They were married for 34 years. It was unclear when the burial might occur. Kasem, host of 'American Top 40', died on June 15 at a hospital in Gig Harbor, Washington. He was 82 and suffering from dementia. His death followed a lengthy battle over his care between Jean Kasem and his three adult children from his first marriage. Deraney said burial outside the United States would be contrary to what Casey Kasem had wanted. 'He publicly made it clear to his friends, his kids, that he wanted to be buried in Forest Lawn in Glendale, in Los Angeles,' the publicist said. The Norwegian newspaper VG reported that Kasem will be buried in Oslo. 'It's been arranged, he's going to Oslo,' Wenche Madsen Eriksson, the head of the funeral service administration in Oslo, told the newspaper. She declined to say why Oslo was chosen, explaining that the family wants to keep that information confidential.
highlights: Jean Kasem has arranged to have her late husband buried in Oslo . Casey's family claim she sent a letter to the Norwegian government declaring her Norwegian ancestry . Jean's nephew asserts 'We don't have an ounce of Norwegian blood to our knowledge' The family of the radio icon wanted him to be interred at Forest Lawn in California . Kasem, who suffered from dementia, died on June 15 aged 82 .
id: e15d4473d714d0b5037a0cdce73365a99d1e3b9c
chatgpt: The recent death of radio icon Casey Kasem has brought disputes among his family members as to where his final resting place should be. While the family wanted him interred at Forest Lawn Memorial Park in California, his widow Jean Kasem has arranged for him to be buried in Oslo, Norway. Casey's family members are questioning Jean's motives for selecting a burial place that was seemingly irrelevant to Casey's life. According to reports, Kasem had sent a letter to the Norwegian government declaring her Norwegian ancestry, which many believe was a ploy to justify the Oslo burial plans. However, Jean's nephew has come out to refute claims of her Norwegian ancestry, stating that to their knowledge, there isn't an ounce of Norwegian blood in their family. This scenario raises some serious questions about the motive behind the move and why Jean would take such an unexpected step that seems to have divided the family. In response to Jean's actions, Casey's daughter Kerri Kasem has requested the State Department to intervene and prevent her father's remains from being transported out of the country. Kerri claims that her father's final wishes were not being respected and that it is the family's duty to honor his legacy and burial wishes. Casey Kasem's passing was a significant loss to the entertainment industry, marking the end of a long and illustrious career spanning several decades. Kasem was best known as the host of "American Top 40" and the voice behind several well-known cartoon characters, including Shaggy in the "Scooby-Doo" franchise. Besides his impact on the entertainment industry, Casey Kasem was known among friends and family as a kind and caring person who always put others' needs before his. Many of his fans and colleagues fondly remember his infectious personality and his unwavering commitment to promoting good causes and advocating for social justice. In the aftermath of Casey Kasem's death, all eyes are now on his family members as they grapple with the difficult decision of what to do about his final resting place. The family's history of disputes over his care when he was still alive has now spilled over to his death – and is an unwelcome reminder of how personal grudges can take precedence over honoring the wishes of the deceased. The ongoing feud is a sad reminder of how family disagreements, particularly relating to inheritance and other end-of-life decisions, can cause rifts that may take years to heal, if at all. In Casey's case, we hope that the parties involved can put their differences aside and come to a mutually agreeable arrangement that will allow the radio icon to rest in peace. As we reflect on Casey Kasem's life, it's important to remember the many contributions he made to the world of entertainment and beyond. Whether he's remembered for his high-energy radio broadcasts or his unique voice, Casey's legacy remains an indelible part of our cultural history – one that we must preserve for future generations.