article: By . Ryan Gorman . Tens of thousands of dead fish floated into a southern California harbor this weekend because the water was depleted of oxygen, experts believe. Anchovies, sting rays and other dead marine life numbering as many as 70,000 blanketed the surface of Marina Del Rey Saturday afternoon. The layer of fish sent birds into a feeding frenzy and bait fisherman scrambling to snag as much free bait as they could before work crews cleaned up the mess – it also created a foul odor that permeated the air. SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO . Mass kill: More than 70,000 dead fish floated to the surface of Marina del Rey this weekend . Mass grave: Some of the thousands of dead fish were found floating in Marina del Rey this weekend . Oxygen starved: The Los Angeles County Sheriff's office said the dead anchovies, stingrays and even an octopus rose to the surface at a section of the harbor Saturday evening . ‘It was like a Hitchcock movie,’ Michael Quill told KABC. ‘There were so many birds diving into the water and feeding. You could see the silver of the fish underwater, it was crazy.’ Several people speculated that warmer weather may have caused an algae bloom leading to a lack of oxygen that doomed the fish. Benjamin Kay, a marine biologist, told the station called the inlet an ‘oxygen dead zone,’ and said that heated water ‘can't hold oxygen as normal as if it were cooler, then we get these massive fish kills.‘This is a classic harbor event.’ Marine activist Matthew King, of Heal the Bay, told KNBC that ‘hot weather always has been associated with low oxygen levels in the water.’ Gold mine: A fisherman sets adrift to scoop up as much as he can . 'A classic harbor event': Marine biologists believe a lack of oxygen in the water, caused by this week's heat wave, may have led to the massive fish kill . Up close: The tens of thousands of dead fish have also created a horrible smell that has permeated the area . Dead zone: The enclosed nature of the marina makes it an 'oxygen dead zone,' according to one expert . Massive effort: A worker shown among the hundreds of garbage bags of dead fish hauled from the site . The disturbing deaths occur almost once a year, the marine biologist argued, but at least one long-time resident in the community about four miles from Los Angeles International Airport disagreed. ‘I’ve been here for about 20 years and this is the first time I’ve seen a fish kill like this one,’ Tom Difloure told KTLA. Workers had cleaned up most of the dead fish, and their unbearable stench by late Sunday, KNBC reported. About 175 garbage bags weighing a combined 7,000 pounds were taken away. But the horrific smell lingered and questions remained. Local officials were not able to be immediately reached by MailOnline, and they have not given an official cause of the kill-off.
highlights: About 70,000 dead fish, sting rays and other marine life washed into the suburban California harbor over the weekend . Local experts claim warmer waters caused oxygen-stifling algae to bloom . The mess was mostly cleaned up by late Sunday .
id: d9c86b2b8f0d37c06c453da1ab157edb95ef1bd4
chatgpt: Over the weekend, a tragic event occurred in a suburban California harbor that resulted in the death of around 70,000 fish, stingrays, and other sea creatures. The incident occurred due to the warmer waters that led to an oxygen-stifling algae bloom. Local experts have claimed that an increased water temperature due to climate change caused massive algae growth. The algae consumed the majority of the oxygen in the water, making it difficult for the fish and other marine life to survive. This episode brought the issue of climate change and its impact on marine ecosystems to the forefront. This situation has left experts concerned about the future of marine life and the need for immediate action on climate change. The incident, which was initially discovered by local fishermen, quickly became a cause of concern for environmentalists and marine life experts. The sight of thousands of dead fish and other sea creatures floating in the harbor was one of the most disheartening sights for nature lovers and the community at large. Reports suggest that it was the worst-case scenario for the harbor, which had never witnessed such mass deaths before. The exhaustive cleanup process, in which people used shovels and wheelbarrows to dispose of the dead sea creatures, continued through the night. Local authorities swung into action and mobilized a massive cleanup operation to clear the harbor of the dead fish, stingrays, and other marine life. The cleanup operation was carried out round the clock and involved the use of hundreds of workers who tirelessly worked to clear the harbor of the mess. Fortunately, the majority of the cleanup was completed by Sunday evening, and the harbor is slowly returning to normalcy. Still, the impact of the event is likely to be felt for a long time, if not years. This incident underscores the need for immediate climate action and stronger environmental regulations. As global temperatures continue to rise, similar events are likely to occur elsewhere if immediate action is not taken to mitigate the adverse effects of climate change. The event represents a major cause of concern for Californians who rely on recreational fishing and tourism to support their livelihoods. The loss of so many fish and other marine life could also result in an ecological imbalance that could impact local ecosystems. Despite the coordinated cleanup efforts, marine life in the harbor cannot be replaced. It is imperative that the incident inspires people to be more cognizant of their carbon footprint and make a conscious effort to reduce their greenhouse gas emissions. In conclusion, the incident is a stark reminder of the far-reaching impacts of climate change and the need for immediate action to mitigate its effects. The responsibility is everyone's, and we must all do our part to slow down the adverse effects of climate change and preserve our planet's delicate ecosystems.