article: Kyle Walker is relishing his battle with Nathaniel Clyne for the right to be called England's first-choice right-back. The Tottenham defender will make his long-awaited return to action following a nine month spell on the sidelines with an abdominal injury against Besiktas on Thursday night. In Walker's absence, Southampton's Clyne has made his international debut and impressed on his first two appearances under Roy Hodgson. Tottenham players train in Turkey ahead of their Europa League clash with Besiktas . Tottenham defender Walker will return against Besiktas after a nine-month spell out injured . Walker is looking forward to competing with Nathanial Clyne (right) for England's right-back berth . Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino takes part in the training session in Istanbul . Spurs forward Andros Townsend will be hoping an impressive display will also improve his England chances . Many view Clyne as England's new No.1 right-back - and Walker insists he is up to the task of overtaking the Saints defender in Hodgson's thoughts. 'I’ve been in this position before. When I came in for England there were Micah Richards and Glen Johnson in front of me,' said the Spurs defender. 'Now obviously with my injury and Glen not really getting into the team, Nathaniel has come in and done really well. 'I think there is such tough competition in the England team, not just at right-back but for all the positions. 'But I relish the opportunity to compete against the best in my position. That will only make me better as a player.' (L-R) Federico Fazio, Aaron Lennon, Danny Rose and Younes Kaboul look on during the session . Pochettino speaks to his players ahead of the game on Thursday, which should see reserves get a run out . Walker (right)n and Pochettino answer questions after their final session at the Ataturk Olympic Stadium . Roberto Soldado (left) and Walker are put through their paces ahead of the Group C clash . He added: 'Missing the World Cup through injury was most definitely a low point for me. 'That was probably made worst by the fact I didn’t make it back in time for the start of the season which everybody thought I would do. 'That was a big low, but you have to move on. I’ve got a wise old head on my shoulders now. 'I want to dig deep and start playing games and winning trophies now.'
highlights: Kyle Walker will make his long-awaited return from injury in Tottenham's Europa League clash with Besiktas on Thursday . The Spurs defender is looking forward to competing with Southampton's Nathanial Clyne for England's right-back slot . Walker is confident after taking on the likes of Glen Johnson and Micah Richards in the past .
id: 4eab81bff37ff470c86dbb9b1323a61b6ab9a34c
chatgpt: Tottenham Hotspur's Kyle Walker is set to make his much-anticipated comeback from injury in the Europa League clash with Besiktas on Thursday. The right-back's return is a significant boost for Spurs as they look to advance in the competition. Walker has been sidelined with an abdominal injury since March, missing out on the end of last season and England's World Cup campaign in Brazil. However, the defender has now recovered and is eager to return to action. The 24-year-old is looking to compete with Southampton's Nathaniel Clyne for the right-back slot in the England team. With the Euro 2016 qualifying matches just around the corner, the competition is only going to get tougher. "I'm excited to be back and looking forward to getting some game time under my belt," Walker said. "I know Nathaniel is a quality player, but I'm confident in my ability and looking forward to the challenge." Walker has experience of competing with top-class right-backs before, having played against the likes of Glen Johnson and Micah Richards in previous seasons. He is confident that he can replicate those performances and stake his claim for the England spot. "I've played against some top-quality right-backs in the Premier League before and come out on top," Walker added. "I know I can do the same again and push for a starting spot with England." Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino will be delighted to have Walker back in the fold. The defender's dynamism and attacking prowess make him an important player for Spurs and his return will provide the team with a much-needed boost. Walker's inclusion against Besiktas will also give Pochettino the chance to rotate his squad and rest some of his key players ahead of the Premier League match against West Ham United on Sunday. Tottenham are currently fourth in their Europa League group, having drawn their opening two matches against Partizan Belgrade and Besiktas. A win against the Turkish side would put them in a strong position to progress to the knockout stages of the competition. Spurs will also be hoping that Walker can help them improve on their disappointing start to the Premier League season. Pochettino's team have struggled for consistency so far, but the return of the England international could be just the catalyst they need to turn their season around.