article: The White House, along with every other cog in the U.S. intelligence machinery, snapped to attention on Friday when the self-proclaimed Islamic State of Iraq and al-Sham (ISIS) announced that a Jordanian airstrike had killed a female American hostage. 'We're obviously deeply concerned by those reports,' White House Deputy Press Secretary Eric Schultz told reporters aboard Air Force One on Friday, en route to a presidential speech in Indianapolis, Indiana. 'We have not at this time seen any indication to corroborate those claims, but that's all we have right now.' Tragic: Kayla Jean Mueller, 26, is understood to be the last U.S. hostage held by the IIS terror army, which had been demanding $6.6 million for her release . Rubble: ISIS claims Mueller was inside this building and was killed by a Jordanian airstrike; the group added that none of its militants had been injured during the raid . Schultz noted at the time that ISIS's claim was 'a few old,' adding that 'our intelligence community is looking into them.' He acknowledged that the U.S. was working with Jordan's king to hammer ISIS positions, partially in retaliation for the grisly burning death of a Jordanian Air Force pilot this week. The hostage, 26-year-old Kayla Jean Mueller, is a Prescott, Arizona native who devoted her young adulthood to charity work in Syria. White House Deputy Press Secretary Eric Schultz had few facts to share on Friday about Kayla Jean Mueller's fate, but said the Obama administration is 'deeply concerned' about reports that she had been killed . She volunteered for three years with the Save Darfur Coalition, battling genocide in the war-torn African region. While the White House scrambles to determine if Mueller is still alive, Jordanian Interior Minister Hussein Majali seems certain that ISIS is hoaxing the world. 'They tried to cause problems internally in Jordan and haven't succeeded,' Majali told CNN on Friday. 'They are now trying to drive a wedge between the coalition with this latest low PR stunt.' Schultz told reporters that 'the United States of America spares no effort to secure the safe release of any American held overseas.' 'That includes exhausting military options, intelligence resources, diplomatic channels, obviously the financial stranglehold we put on ISIL. 'ISIL' is the White House's preferred alternative acronym for ISIS. U.S. National Security Council spokesperson Bernadette Meehan said Friday that the White House has 'not at this time seen any evidence that corroborates' ISIS's version of events. 'We are obviously deeply concerned by these reports,' she said.
highlights: Jordan's interior minister now says claims from ISIS are a 'PR stunt' But the terror army declared on Friday that an American later identified as 26-year-old Kayla Jean Mueller was killed in a Jordanian airstrike . ISIS burned a Jordanian Air Force Pilot to death and a released a slick video of his gruesome slaughter this week . 'We're obviously deeply concerned,' a White House spokesman told reporters .
id: 6f87bfd5f94bd291a2bfb6cdc0af50f43c1e68ee
chatgpt: Jordan's Interior Minister has dismissed claims from ISIS that an American hostage, Kayla Jean Mueller, was killed in a Jordanian airstrike as nothing more than a "PR stunt." The terror group had announced on Friday that Mueller was killed in a building collapse as a result of the airstrike. This announcement came just days after the sickening video of Jordanian Air Force Pilot, Moaz al-Kasasbeh being burned alive by ISIS was released. The video was a brutal display of the terror group's inhumanity and angered the international community. The claim that Mueller was killed now adds another dimension to the situation. While the White House has stated that they are "deeply concerned" about the situation, the Jordanian government has been more forceful in their response. Jordan's Interior Minister said that there was no evidence to support the claims and that they were just a ploy by ISIS to shift focus from the brutality of the pilot's death. Mueller had been held by ISIS since 2013 when she was taken captive while working with a humanitarian organization. The news of her death was met with sadness and outrage by people around the world. However, the claims made by ISIS have come under intense scrutiny, with many questioning their authenticity. Analysts have pointed out that ISIS has a history of using propaganda to advance their agenda, and this latest claim may well be another example of that. The situation in the Middle East continues to be a complex and ever-changing one. The recent surge in violence and brutality by ISIS has escalated the region's instability, which has led to growing concerns around the world. The United States and its allies have been actively engaged in the fight against ISIS, with airstrikes and other measures aimed at disrupting their operations. However, the terrorist group has proven to be a resilient enemy, which has made the fight all the more challenging. While the world waits to learn more about Mueller's fate, the focus remains on bringing an end to the violence and instability in the region. The continued efforts of the international community will be crucial in achieving this goal.