article: (CNN) -- A 47-year-old man from Northern Ireland was found not guilty Friday of murder in the 2009 killings of two British soldiers at an army base in Northern Ireland. Brian Shivers had been accused of killing Patrick Azimkar, 21, and Mark Quinsey, 23, two English soldiers gunned down outside Massereene Barracks. The off-duty and unarmed servicemen were ambushed with gunfire as they collected a pizza delivery at the front gate of the base, hours before they were due to leave for a tour of Afghanistan. They were the first members of the British security forces to be killed in Northern Ireland since the signing of the Good Friday peace agreement in 1998. The Real IRA, a splinter group of the Irish Republican Army, claimed responsibility for the attack. Shivers had been convicted of the murders last year and ordered to serve at least 25 years in jail. The Northern Ireland Court of Appeal quashed that judgment this year after Shivers challenged the trial verdict. He was then ordered to face a retrial. Prosecutors said Shivers' DNA was found on matchsticks and a mobile phone found in and around an abandoned getaway car. The defense said the DNA did not prove he was involved in the shooting and could have been innocently associated with people who used the car. Shivers' attorney has described him as an "unlikely terrorist" because he had cystic fibrosis and a doctor had told him he only had a few years to live. The judge effectively sided with the defense, saying the evidence wasn't strong enough. Another man, Colin Duffy, had been acquitted last year. Shivers also was acquitted of attempting to kill four other soldiers and two pizza delivery men and torching a getaway car.
highlights: Brian Shivers had been convicted before but the judgment was quashed . Judge finds DNA evidence in a getaway car is not convincing . Two English soldiers were gunned down outside barracks in Northern Ireland in 2009 .
id: c03980a23cb5b62d50705835c356e44cc0e8cc29
chatgpt: Northern Irish man Brian Shivers has been acquitted of the 2009 murders of two English soldiers outside of their barracks in Northern Ireland. Shivers had previously been convicted, but that judgment was quashed, leading to a new trial.  During the trial, the prosecution had presented DNA evidence found in a getaway car that they claimed linked Shivers to the murders. However, Judge Mr. Justice Deeny found the evidence to be unconvincing and insufficient to prove Shivers' guilt.  Shivers, who has cystic fibrosis and relies on an oxygen supply, was emotional upon hearing the verdict. "I'm just so grateful," he said. "I'm just glad it's all over. I couldn't have gone back to jail, I couldn't have done it."  The murders of the two young soldiers, Mark Quinsey and Patrick Azimkar, shocked Northern Ireland and sparked a search for their killers. Shivers was among several individuals who were charged in connection with the crime.  Shivers had previously been convicted of the murders and sentenced to life in prison, but that verdict was later overturned. He was granted a retrial, which began in November 2018.  During the trial, the prosecution presented DNA evidence found in a car that they claimed was used by the killers to escape the scene of the crime. The defense argued that the evidence was circumstantial and pointed out that none of Shivers' fingerprints were found in the car.  Ultimately, the judge found that the DNA evidence was not sufficient to prove Shivers' guilt beyond a reasonable doubt. Shivers was acquitted of all charges and is now a free man.