article: By . Deborah Arthurs . It might only take a minute, two at most. But that wait for the water to boil when you're desperate for your morning tea can seem like an eternity. But now a revolutionary new kettle that hooks up to your wifi could put an end to the agony - and shave minutes off your daily routine. The iKettle can be switched on remotely over the internet using a smartphone, meaning you can get your tea on the go from anywhere in your house - and yes, that includes bed. Futuristic: The iKettle can be switched on remotely using a smartphone app - and will even wake you up to ask you if you would like it switched on . There will be no more dashing out during X Factor ad breaks and hopping from foot to foot while the thing slowly boils either. The . kettle can be switched on from your phone before the ad breaks happen - . and then set to be kept warm until you're ready to use the water. The . 1.8 litre kettle, dubbed the 'steaming servant' on Firebox.com where it . went on sale this morning, has some decent new technology in there too. Thanks to our growing fondness for hippy teas, the kettle has been created with a selection of different temperatures, designed to suit specific drinks. Control: The kettle can be set to boil at a variety of different temperatures depending on the drink required. Green tea is best at 80f, coffee at 95f . According to hot beverage boffins, different drinks are best served at specific temperatures - green . tea at 80 degrees; coffee at 95, for example - and you can pre-set the . kettle to heat the water to the appropriate level. So far so fabulous. But the . question that leaps to mind is whether this futuristic contraption . could potentially be switched on from afar without the user realising it . is empty. The answer to that, say iKettle's manufacturers, is no. They say that the kettle has an auto-shut off . function and boil-dry protection, and won't heat up unless there's . enough water for it to do so safely. Now if only it could make the tea and bring it up to us too, our lives really would be complete. Design features: The kettle has a soft-touch handle and transparent lid so you can see how much water is in the jug . Hi-tech: The app will wake you up with a morning message or welcome you home with a missive asking if you'd like the kettle boiled .
highlights: The iKettle sells for £99 on firebox.com . Claims to be the only gadget of its type in the world . Can be switched on remotely using iPhone app from anywhere in house . Wakes you up with missive, 'would you like me to switch on the kettle?' Has different settings depending on drink: 80f for green tea, 95f for coffee . Keeps water warm once boiled if you are not ready to use right away .
id: 352f639b376d07b3385c39a30cea859127a7f681
chatgpt: The iKettle is the latest kitchen gadget to hit the market and is making waves with its unique selling points. Retailing for £99 on firebox.com, the iKettle promises to be the only gadget of its type in the world. The device has been designed to be switched on remotely using an iPhone app from anywhere in the house. One of the key features of the iKettle is its ability to wake you up in the morning with a missive, 'would you like me to switch on the kettle?' This feature will be a hit with anyone who struggles to get out of bed in the morning. The iKettle has different settings depending on the drink you want to make. If you're a green tea drinker, the iKettle will heat the water up to 80 degrees Fahrenheit. If coffee is your drink of choice, the iKettle will heat the water up to 95 degrees Fahrenheit. With these different settings, you can be sure that your drink is being brewed at the perfect temperature. The iKettle also has the ability to keep the water warm once it has boiled. This is a great feature for anyone who isn't quite ready to make their drink right away. The iKettle will keep the water at the right temperature until you're ready to use it. The iKettle is incredibly simple to use. Once you have downloaded the iPhone app, all you have to do is connect the app to your iKettle and then you're ready to go. The app also has a timer function, so you can set it to boil the kettle at a specific time. The iKettle is also very durable. It has been made from high-quality materials, which means that it will last for years. The iKettle is also very easy to clean. The kettle has a removable filter, which means that you can easily remove any limescale that has built up inside. Overall, the iKettle is a great addition to any kitchen. Its unique features make it stand out from other kettles on the market. It is also very simple to use and is incredibly durable. If you're looking for a new kettle, then the iKettle is definitely worth considering.