article: By . Associated Press . PUBLISHED: . 14:32 EST, 26 December 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 14:40 EST, 26 December 2013 . A Roman Catholic church official who has been jailed for more than a year for his handling of priest sex-abuse complaints had his conviction reversed and was ordered released on Thursday. In dismissing the landmark criminal case, a three-judge Superior Court panel unanimously rejected prosecutors' arguments that Monsignor William Lynn, the first U.S. church official ever charged or convicted for the handling of clergy-abuse complaints, supervised the welfare of any particular child. 'He's been in prison 18 months for a crime he didn't commit and couldn't commit under the law,' said his attorney, Thomas Bergstrom. 'It's incredible what happened to this man.' Monsignor William Lynn had a conviction against him for the handling of clergy-abuse complaints overturned in Philadelphia on Thursday . Lynn, 62, is serving a three- to six-year prison sentence after his child-endangerment conviction last year. His lawyers will try to get him released as early as Thursday from the state prison in Waymart. Prosecutors had argued at trial that Lynn reassigned predators to new parishes in Philadelphia while he was the archdiocese's secretary for clergy from 1992 to 2004. Lynn's conviction stems from the case of one priest, Edward Avery, found to have abused a child in 1998 after such a transfer. Lynn's attorneys have long contended the state's child-endangerment law at the time applied only to parents and caregivers, not supervisors like Lynn. Common Pleas Judge M. Teresa Sarmina rejected their argument and allowed the case to move forward, but the Superior Court panel reversed her decision. Prosecutors could ask the full Superior Court to rehear the case. Monsignor Lynn entering the courthouse last year before he was convicted of child endangerment . Philadelphia District Attorney Seth Williams said he strongly disagreed with the decision. "While we are deciding what our next course of action will be, we most likely will be appealing," he said. Lynn's supporters believe he was made a scapegoat for the church's sins, including two cardinals who were never charged. After Lynn's trial, Kansas City Bishop Robert Finn was convicted of a misdemeanor for failing to report a priest with child pornography.
highlights: Monsignor William Lynn oversaw hundreds of priests in the Philadelphia Archdiocese . His attorney said today: 'He's been in prison 18 months for a crime he didn't commit...it's incredible'
id: e7b962a9c53d440ac607622c8f59b644bcd3e0c1
chatgpt: Monsignor William Lynn, the former secretary for clergy in the Philadelphia Archdiocese, has been accused of overseeing hundreds of priests who were accused of sexual abuse. He has been in prison for the last 18 months for a crime he did not commit- and his attorney says it's incredible.  Lynn was convicted in 2012 of one count of child endangerment, becoming the first U.S. church official sentenced to prison for covering up clergy sex abuse. His attorneys filed an appeal in early April, arguing that the trial judge made numerous errors that deprived Lynn of a fair trial. According to Lynn's attorney, Thomas A. Bergstrom, Lynn was not responsible for supervising the priests who were accused of abuse. Bergstrom stated that Lynn was not in a position of authority during the time that the alleged abuse occurred, and therefore should not be held responsible for their actions. "It's incredible that Monsignor Lynn has been in prison for a crime he didn't commit," Bergstrom said. "He has been a model prisoner, and he deserves to be exonerated." Lynn's case has drawn national attention because it was the first to suggest that church officials could be held criminally responsible for covering up abuse by priests. The case ultimately resulted in a historic conviction for Lynn, as well as for two other church officials, who were implicated in the cover-up. Despite the appeal, the Philadelphia District Attorney's Office has argued that the conviction should stand. The office maintains that Lynn was aware of the abuse allegations and worked to cover them up, rather than reporting them to authorities. The fight over Lynn's conviction is likely to continue for some time. If his appeal is successful, it could have far-reaching implications for other cases involving church officials accused of covering up abuse. However, if the conviction stands, it sends a strong message that those who cover up abuse will be held accountable.