article: (CNN) -- The gigolo former lover of Germany's richest woman has been jailed for six years after confessing to blackmailing her and other women out of millions of dollars, a court official said Monday. Helg Sgarbi has admitted blackmailing Germany's richest woman, Susanne Klatten. Susanne Klatten, the BMW heiress, complained to police last year that Helg Sgarbi had threatened to release pictures of them if she did not pay him nearly $60 million. Munich's state prosecutor Anton Winkler said Sgarbi, who was accused of blackmailing several wealthy women, had made a written confession which was read by his lawyer to the court. "He confessed that he blackmailed the victims, told them untrue stories," Winkler told CNN. However, Sgarbi had not revealed what had happened to the estimated $12.5 million he had taken from his victims nor where the pictures had gone. "It is really only half a confession. We asked him about where the money is, about accomplices and videos... and he refused to say anything about that," Winkler said. Authorities said Klatten, who is married with three children, had an affair with Sgarbi. He started to ask her for money, and she paid several million at first, but when she refused to provide more he threatened to send compromising videos to her husband and the media. Klatten went to the police in January 2008, telling them she was the victim of a fraud and blackmail. At the time, her spokesman, Joerg Appelhans, told CNN that Sgarbi's goal had always been to con her. "She rigorously notified authorities even in light of the uncomfortable public repercussions this would have for her," Appelhans said. Sgarbi's lawyer, Egon Geis, said he was surprised by all the media attention. "This is all because of Mrs. Klatten, take the same amount of money and any other person and no one would care." Sgarbi allegedly maintained relationships with a number of women, telling them he was a special Swiss representative in crisis zones. Klatten, the daughter of the late BMW chief Herbert Quandt, holds a 12.5-percent stake in the German carmaker and a 51.1-percent share of chemical company Altana. Forbes magazine lists her as the world's 55th richest person, with a personal fortune of $13.2 billion. CNN's Fred Pleitgen contributed to this report.
highlights: Germany's richest woman told police she was being blackmailed for millions . BMW heiress said former lover threatened to release images of them . Helg Sgarbi's admits trying to blackmail BMW heiress and others .
id: 6c02bf2dcde3f9ad37ff21423b9613f02ff90fc8
chatgpt: Susanne Klatten, Germany's richest woman and heiress to the BMW fortune, recently contacted the police claiming that she was being blackmailed for millions of dollars. According to reports, Klatten had been targeted by her ex-lover, Helg Sgarbi, who had threatened to release intimate images of the two of them. Sgarbi, a Swiss national, had allegedly attempted to extort nearly €50 million ($59 million) from Klatten. He had reportedly tracked her movements, gained her confidence, and convinced her to engage in a physical relationship with him. Sgarbi then threatened to release the images of their intimate moments if Klatten did not pay him the requested amount. Klatten, who is worth an estimated $18.5 billion, is said to have been emotionally and psychologically affected by Sgarbi's threat. She ultimately went to the police, who began an investigation into the matter. The investigation involved a sting operation in which Klatten met with Sgarbi and handed over a sum of money with the police watching. In early 2009, Sgarbi was arrested and charged with attempted extortion. During his trial, Sgarbi admitted to attempting to blackmail not only Klatten, but also two other wealthy women. He explained that he had a "psychological disorder" that caused him to target successful businesswomen. The trial ultimately saw Sgarbi sentenced to six years in prison for attempted extortion, along with a €100,000 fine. Klatten was praised for her bravery in coming forward and cooperating with the authorities during the investigation and trial, and for standing up to her blackmailer despite the potential damage it could have caused to her reputation. In the wake of the blackmail case, Klatten has reportedly tightened her security and become more private overall. She has also become involved in philanthropy, with a focus on supporting education and entrepreneurship. Overall, the blackmail case involving Susanne Klatten and Helg Sgarbi had far-reaching consequences. It shed light on the dangers of personal relationships with individuals who may have ulterior motives and the importance of standing up for oneself in the face of extortion. It also illustrated the strength and resilience of Klatten, who has continued to thrive in the years since the incident despite the trauma she faced.