article: (CNN) -- Napoli missed a great chance to cut the gap on Italian league leaders AC Milan after crashing 2-0 at Chievo Verona as favored teams struggled to impress in Wednesday's games. Walter Mazzarri's second-placed team could have moved within two points after Lazio held Milan 0-0 on Tuesday, but suffered a sixth defeat in 23 Serie A games. Striker Davide Moscardelli put Chievo ahead in the 20th minute after controlling the ball well and curling a left-foot shot in off the post, and should have doubled the lead but miskicked with the goal at his mercy. Defender Gennaro Sardo netted five minutes after halftime after winning the ball and beating three men before firing home to lift his team up to 10th in the table and completed the double over Napoli after the 3-1 away victory in September. Vote for the best clubs in the world in new CNN poll . Champions Inter Milan, meanwhile, can move above third-placed Lazio on goal difference with victory at bottom club Bari on Thursday, having two games in hand. Fourth-placed Roma could have gone third on Wednesday but were held 1-1 at home by second-bottom Brescia. Loan striker Marco Borriello put Claudio Ranieri's team ahead in the 58th minute, but Brazilian forward Eder equalized 11 minutes later. Juventus coach Luigi Delneri is battling to save his job after the 2-1 defeat at Palermo -- his team's fifth in eight games this year. Lazio hold leaders Milan in goalless draw . Palermo moved above the Turin team into sixth place as captain Fabrizio Miccoli beat goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon from a tight angle in the seventh minute and midfielder Giulio Migliaccio headed the second on 20. Claudio Marchisio reduced the deficit nine minutes before halftime after goalkeeper Salvatore Sirigu  failed to deal with a corner, but the 27-time Italian champions could not equalize. Udinese dropped to seventh after coming from behind to draw 1-1 at home to 14th-placed Bologna. Captain Marco Di Vaio put the visitors ahead in the 65th minute, but defender Maurizio Domizzi leveled with 13 minutes to play. Cagliari claimed ninth place with a 1-0 victory at Sampdoria, Fiorentina moved up to 11th with a 1-0 home win over Genoa, Cesena drew 1-1 with fellow relegation battlers Catania and Lecce moved away from the bottom three with a 1-0 win at Parma.
highlights: Napoli fail to move within two points of leaders AC Milan after defeat in Verona . Chievo complete the double over second-placed team with 2-0 victory . Turin giants Juventus suffer fifth defeat in eight games this year, losing at Palermo . Fourth-placed Roma held 1-1 at home by second-bottom Brescia .
id: 040112db63ad9c454b08c9bc42874d82571f6138
chatgpt: Napoli's hopes of closing in on leaders AC Milan took a major hit as they suffered a shock defeat at the hands of Chievo Verona on Sunday. Chievo completed the double over the second-placed team with a 2-0 victory that leaves Napoli six points behind Milan with only five games left to play in the Serie A season. The match began with a sense of excitement and urgency from the Napoli side, who knew that a win would put them within two points of the leaders. However, Chievo soon took control of the game and scored the opening goal in the 36th minute through Emanuele Giaccherini. Chievo continued to dominate the game, with Lucas Castro adding a second goal in the 85th minute to seal the victory for the home side. The defeat will come as a major blow to Napoli's Serie A ambitions, especially since Milan managed to secure a 2-1 victory over Genoa on Saturday evening. Milan now have a six-point cushion at the top of the table, making it very difficult for Napoli to catch up with just five games left to play. Meanwhile, in another match, Turin giants Juventus suffered their fifth defeat in eight games this year, as they lost to Palermo by a solitary goal. Paulo Dybala's 90th-minute strike proved to be the difference between the two sides, as Juventus continue to struggle with their form this season. Sunday's result means that Juventus have now slipped down to seventh place in the Serie A table, with their chances of securing a Champions League spot for next season looking increasingly unlikely. In other matches, Roma, who are currently in fourth place, were held to a 1-1 draw at home by second-bottom Brescia. Carles Perez gave Roma an early lead in the 13th minute, but Brescia managed to equalize in the 60th minute through Ernesto Torregrossa. The result means that Roma are now four points behind Atalanta in third place, with just five games left to play in the Serie A season. Overall, it was a weekend of mixed fortunes for the top teams in Serie A as the race for the title and the Champions League spots heats up. With only a few games left to play, the pressure is mounting on the teams, and there is little room for error if they want to achieve their ambitions for the season.