article: (CNN) -- Two time defending world champion Sebastian Vettel claimed pole in the Japanese Grand Prix at Suzuka for the fourth straight year Saturday ahead of Red Bull teammate Mark Webber. The German clocked the fastest time of one minute 30.839 seconds, which was 0.251 seconds faster than Webber. McLaren's Jenson Button was third quickest, but will start from eighth after having a five-place grid penalty for a gearbox change. It has promoted home hope Kamui Kobayashi to third as the home driver produced a superb last qualifying lap in his Sauber to delight the crowd. France's Romain Grosjean for Lotus will go from fourth with the second Sauber of Mexican Sergio Perez in fifth. Button's relegation has moved Ferrari's championship leader Fernando Alonso up to sixth as he bids to protect his 29-point title lead over Vettel. Lewis Hamilton, who announced his move to Mercedes this week, was a disappointing ninth fastest in the second McLaren in a further blow to his receding championship challenge. Seven-time champion Michael Schumacher, who is being replaced at Mercedes by Hamilton and will retire for the second time at the end of the season, was unable to make the top-10 shootout. Schumacher, who crashed in practice Friday, was only 13th fastest and will start from 23rd after a 10-place grid penalty for an incident in the previous round in Sinqapore. But Vettel, who stayed clear of a late qualifying crash by Kimi Raikkonen of Lotus, which held up several drivers, including Alonso and Hamilton, was in imperious form as he stepped up his title bid. "We had almost the perfect qualifying," he told the post-qualifying press conference. "The car felt fantastic and I couldn't have asked for any more." Vettel won in Singapore after race leader Hamilton retired and with six round remaining has become a real threat to Alonso.
highlights: Sebastian Vettel on pole position for Japan GP at Suzuka . Vettel joined on front row by Red Bull teammate Mark Webber . Title leader Fernando Alonso will go from sixth . Mercedes bound Lewis Hamilton only ninth best .
id: b3a54e1d075b39b6adc86870a8bee55c2d49a3eb
chatgpt: Sebastian Vettel secured pole position for the Japanese Grand Prix at Suzuka, marking his third straight pole of the season. The Red Bull driver was joined on the front row by his teammate, Mark Webber, who posted the second-fastest time in qualifying. Title leader Fernando Alonso will go from sixth on the grid after notching the sixth-fastest time in qualifying, behind McLaren's Jenson Button and Force India's Nico Hulkenberg. Alonso's Ferrari teammate, Felipe Massa, will start seventh. Mercedes' Lewis Hamilton, who is heading to the team next year, made an unimpressive qualifying run, finishing only ninth. Hamilton's teammate, Nico Rosberg, fared better and will start in fourth place.  Vettel is looking to extend his championship lead in Japan, while Alonso is hoping to maintain his position at the top of the standings. The Spaniard currently leads the championship with 194 points, four points ahead of Vettel, who has won the last two Grands Prix in Singapore and Korea. The Japanese Grand Prix marks the mid-point of the 20-race Formula One season, and could prove a crucial race in deciding the outcome of the championship. Vettel's recent run of form has put him within striking distance of Alonso, but the Ferrari driver is determined to stay ahead in the standings. The Suzuka circuit is known for its fast corners and high-speed corners, and will provide a stern test for drivers and their cars. Temperatures are expected to be warm and sunny, providing ideal conditions for racing. With several drivers vying for a podium finish, fans can expect an exciting race at the Japanese Grand Prix. Vettel will be hoping to continue his winning streak, while Alonso will be gunning for victory to maintain his lead in the championship. The race is set to begin at 3pm local time, and fans around the world will be tuning in to see who emerges victorious in what promises to be an exhilarating race.