article: By . Bianca London . Do you feel like your partner holds you back in the bedroom? You're not alone. New research reveals 67 per cent of Brits believe they are more ‘sexually adventurous’ than their other half, with a quarter of these stating that they are ‘frustrated’ by the sexual mismatch. The survey, which questioned 2,013 couples in a co-habiting relationship of six months or longer, asked, ‘Do you believe that you are more sexually adventurous than your partner?’ with the term explained as ‘open-minded and willing to try new things’. Feeling frustrated? A new survey has revealed that 67 per cent of Brits believe that they are more 'sexually adventurous' than their partner and they're left feeling frustrated as a result . More than two thirds (67 per cent) of respondents said they were more adventurous in the bedroom than their other half. These respondents were asked to share their exploits, in terms of the things they had tried in the past. The top five most popular antics of sexually ‘adventurous’ Britons were role play (72 per cent), sex outdoors (61 per cent), sex in public places (37 per cent), sex with a stranger (28 per cent), and threesomes (26 per cent). Less than half of the respondents (47 per cent) stated that they had embarked upon these experiences with their current partner. Instead, the most common accomplice was ‘an ex-partner’ (64 per cent), followed by ‘a friend with benefits’ (28 per cent). Feeling adventurous: The most sexually 'adventurous' antic amongst Brits was voted as role play - but most did this with an ex-partner . When asked if they ever felt ‘frustrated’ with their current partner’s sexual preferences, a quarter (23 per cent) confirmed they did. The top three issues amongst frustrated Britons in relationships were voted as ‘my partner is not adventurous enough’ (73 per cent), ‘my partner doesn’t want to have sex as often as I do’ (63 per cent) and ‘my partner wants to have sex too often’ (31 per cent). One in ten respondents (11 per cent) confessed that they were no longer sexually attracted to their partner. Not satisfied? When asked if they ever felt 'frustrated' with their current partner's sexual preferences, a quarter of Brits confirmed that they did . A spokesperson for UKMedix, which commissioned the research, said: 'Who knew that us Brits were so adventurous in the bedroom? 'It even appears that we can get a little demanding with our need for adventure! 'There are bound to be differences between partners in any relationship and sex is a really subjective thing. 'Everyone has different tastes and no two people are the same. If you are really struggling with a mismatched sex drive, then the first and most important thing to do is talk to your other half.'
highlights: 67% of Brits say they are more open-minded than partner in bedroom . Role play is most adventurous thing they've done - but with an ex . 73% say partner isn't willing to try new things sexually .
id: e3776d639f0da2c445e4a655fea8a011e1f7ab30
chatgpt: A recent survey conducted in the UK has revealed some interesting statistics about the sex lives of Brits. According to the survey, 67% of the participants said that they consider themselves to be more open-minded than their partners when it comes to sexual experimentation in the bedroom. When it comes to trying new things in the bedroom, the most adventurous thing that many Brits reported doing, was engaging in some form of role play. However, what's even more surprising is that a significant portion, around 73%, of those surveyed reported that their partner is not willing to try new things sexually. When it comes to trying new things in the bedroom, communication is key. However, it seems that many Brits are finding it difficult to talk to their partners about their sexual fantasies and desires. This lack of communication could be one of the reasons why many couples are not able to try new things in the bedroom. One of the most interesting findings from the survey was that many Brits admitted to engaging in sexual experimentation with their ex-partners. This suggests that people may feel more comfortable exploring their sexuality and trying new things with someone who they have already established a level of trust and comfort with. The survey also revealed that around 40% of the participants had never talked to their partner about their sexual desires and fantasies. This lack of communication could lead to feelings of dissatisfaction in the bedroom and could ultimately lead to the breakdown of the relationship. It's important for couples to have open and honest communication when it comes to their sex lives. By talking about their desires, fantasies, and boundaries, couples can create a safe and comfortable environment that allows for sexual experimentation and exploration. Overall, the survey shows that there is a need for more open and honest communication in the bedroom. By working together and being more open-minded, couples can create a more satisfying and fulfilling sex life that benefits both partners.