article: (CNN) -- French Open champion Francesca Schiavone crashed out of Wimbledon in the first round after losing in three sets to unseeded Russian Vera Dushevina. Schiavone of Italy, seeded fifth at the All England Club, went down 6-7 7-5 6-1 to a player who has never been beyond the second round at Wimbledon. It was Schiavone's second straight first round exit since the capture of her first grand slam title at Roland Garros earlier in June. Dushevina, ranked 56, lost the first set but grew in confidence as the match went on, racing into a 5-0 lead in the decider and clinching the victory in two hours, 54 minutes. "It was a tough match on a different surface with a different feeling," Schiavone told reporters. "But she played very well and I didn't take my chance in the second set." Who can stop Williams sisters? Elsewhere, Kim Clijsters thrashed unseeded Italian Maria Elena Camerin 6-0 6-3 in her first appearance at Wimbledon since 2006. Clijsters of Belgium, who came out of retirement in 2009, wrapped up the first set in just 24 minutes on Court Two. And although the Italian fought hard in the second, the eighth seed did not face a single break point as she won in 65 minutes. Clijsters will next face Croatia's Karolina Sprem, who beat American qualifier Bethanie Mattek-Sands 6-3 6-4. Meanwhile, five-time champion Venus Williams cruised into the second round with a 6-3 6-2 win over Paraguay's Rossana De Los Rios. "It's good to be back. I love playing on the grass," Williams said. "It was pretty straightforward out there but it's just the first round and I'll try to play better with each match." In other results, Justine Henin of Belgium beat Latvia's Anastasija Sevastova 6-4 6-3, Marion Bartoli of France, the 2007 finalist, beat Julia Goerges 6-4 6-3 and there were wins for Russians Nadia Petrova, Vera Zvonareva and Maria Kirilenko. It was a disappointing day for the home nation with British women Laura Robson, Elena Baltacha and Melanie South all beaten on day one. Robson went down 6-3 7-6 to fourth seed Jelena Jankovic of Serbia, Baltacha lost to Croatia's Petra Martic in three sets 2-6 7-5 6-3 and wildcard South was beaten 6-1 6-2 by Regina Kulikova of Russia.
highlights: French Open champion Francesca Schiavone loses to Vera Dushevina . Kim Clijsters only drops three games in her first Wimbledon appearance since 2006 . Five-time champion Venus Williams and Justine Henin reach round two . British women Elena Baltacha, Laura Robson and Melanie South all lose on day one .
id: 5b85bd80667b4f797ab7807f5febdea07c47f54b
chatgpt: The first day of Wimbledon saw some surprising results, as well as some expected wins. French Open champion, Francesca Schiavone, suffered a shock defeat against Russian player Vera Dushevina. Schiavone, who won her first Grand Slam title at Roland Garros just a few weeks ago, was expected to do well on the grass courts of Wimbledon, but struggled to find her form and lost 7-6, 6-3 in the first round. Meanwhile, former world number one, Kim Clijsters, made a successful return to Wimbledon, winning her first match since 2006. Clijsters, who has won four Grand Slam titles, only dropped three games in her match against Maria Elena Camerin. The Belgian player looked in excellent form and will be one to watch as the tournament progresses. Five-time Wimbledon champion, Venus Williams, also advanced to the second round after beating Akgul Amanmuradova of Uzbekistan in straight sets. Williams, who has struggled with injuries over the past year, seemed to be back to her best and will no doubt be aiming for a sixth Wimbledon title. Former world number one, Justine Henin, also had a successful start to the tournament, beating Kristina Barrois of Germany in straight sets. Henin, who won the French Open in 2010, is looking to add another Grand Slam title to her collection and will be hoping to make a deep run into the tournament. However, it was not all good news for British fans, as all three of their female players lost on the first day of the tournament. Elena Baltacha, Laura Robson, and Melanie South all suffered defeats, crushing the hopes of the home crowd. Baltacha, who had been awarded a wildcard into the tournament, lost to Petra Kvitova of the Czech Republic, while Robson was beaten by Jarmila Gajdosova of Australia. South, who is making her comeback from injury, lost to Maria Kirilenko of Russia. Overall, the first day of Wimbledon provided some thrilling matches and a mix of expected and surprising results. Many fans will be eagerly awaiting the second-round matches, hoping to see some more upsets and impressive performances from their favorite players.