article: Iker Casillas admits he thought about leaving Real Madrid during the summer's transfer window and the Spain goalkeeper believes Arsenal were lining up to sign him. The 33-year-old decided to remain at the Bernabeu and fight for his place, despite falling behind Diego Lopez in the pecking order as Casillas made just two La Liga appearances last year. With Lopez joining AC Milan, Casillas has returned to being a regular starter and hopes to end his career with the club he first joined as a youth in 1990. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Diego Costa skin and chip Iker Casillas during Spain training . Iker Casillas gives instructions during Real Madrid's 5-0 La Liga win against Athletic Bilbao on Sunday . Casillas has returned to being a regular starter for Real but admits he almost left with Arsenal interested . 'I thought about going,' he told Canal Plus. 'What you want is for Real Madrid to always win. 'But in the end, at 33 years of age, you think, why should I (go)? I want to fight, to make a go of it, to be reborn from the ashes. 'There was a lot of talk about an offer from Arsenal, but there was nothing concrete. I want to stay at Real Madrid, keep fighting here and finish my career here.' But Casillas, Spain's first-choice goalkeeper,  refuses to deny a spell abroad before bringing his career to an end. 'I would like to have some experience abroad before retiring,' he added. 'I think it would help me to appreciate Real Madrid even more. I am convinced that if you go abroad, you will realise what this club represents for the whole world.' Casillas was also linked with a move to Liverpool during the summer's transfer window. Casillas makes a save during training with Spain on Tuesday ahead of their 2016 Euro qualifying match . Casillas, preparing to face Slovakia on Thursday, was also linked with a Premier League move to Liverpool .
highlights: Iker Casillas made just two La Liga appearances last season as Diego Lopez, now at AC Milan, became Real Madrid's first-choice goalkeeper . Casillas has been with Real since 1990 as a youth academy footballer . 'There was a lot of talk about an offer from Arsenal, but there was nothing concrete,' admits the Spain goalkeeper . Casillas admits he wants to 'stay at Real Madrid, keep fighting here and finish my career here' but a move abroad is not off the table .
id: cafc2ea0e180a77dcb4d336c2addd5ed1702c359
chatgpt: Real Madrid legend Iker Casillas has admitted that he received interest from Arsenal over the summer, but there was never a concrete offer made. Casillas, who has been with Real since 1990, has seen limited action in recent years and made just two La Liga appearances last season as Diego Lopez became the team's first-choice goalkeeper. Despite the lack of playing time, Casillas insists that he wants to stay at Real Madrid and finish his career with the club. "There was a lot of talk about an offer from Arsenal, but there was nothing concrete," says Casillas. "I want to stay at Real Madrid, keep fighting here and finish my career here. But if the club doesn't want me, I'm not closing the door on a move abroad." Despite his desire to remain with Real, Casillas understands that the decision ultimately lies in the hands of the club. "The club knows best what their plans are and what they want. I'm happy when I play and I'm happy when I don't play because I know I'm part of this club's history," says the 36-year-old goalkeeper. Casillas has a storied career with Real Madrid, winning five La Liga titles, three Champions League titles, and numerous other domestic and international trophies. While talk of a move away from the club may be unsettling to some fans, it's clear that Casillas has the club's best interests at heart. "I have a contract until 2019 and I want to fulfil it," says Casillas. "My dream is to end my career at Real Madrid, but if the club wants me to go, I will go. I'm not going to cause any problems, I'm just going to keep working hard and giving my best for the team."  As Casillas remains committed to the club, fans will be hoping to see him remain with the squad for the foreseeable future. Regardless of what happens, the legend of Iker Casillas will always be intertwined with the history of Real Madrid.