article: Seoul, South Korea (CNN) -- Korean is considered one of the hardest languages in the world to master, but an elephant in a South Korean zoo is making a good start. Koshik, a 22-year-old Asian elephant has stunned experts and his keepers at Everland Zoo near Seoul by imitating human speech. Koshik can say the Korean words for "hello," "sit down," "no," "lie down" and "good." His trainer, Kim Jong Gap, first started to realize Koshik was mimicking him several years ago. ""In 2004 and 2005, Kim didn't even know that the human voice he heard at the zoo was actually from Koshik," zoo spokesman In Kim In Cherl said. "But in 2006, he started to realize that Koshik had been imitating his voice and mentioned it to his boss." Why do elephants have hair on their heads? His boss initially called him "crazy." Koshik's remarkable antics grabbed the interest of an elephant vocalization expert thousands of kilometers away at the University of Vienna in Austria. ""There was a YouTube video about Koshik vocalizing, and I was not sure if it was a fake, or if it was real," Dr. Angela Stoeger-Horwath said. She traveled with fellow expert Dr. Daniel Mietchen to South Korea in 2010 to test the elephant's ability. They recorded Koshik repeating certain words his keeper said and then played them for native Korean speakers to see, if they were recognizable. "It is, for some of the sounds he makes, quite astonishing for how similar they are," said Mietchen of the University of Jena in Germany. "For instance the word 'choa' (meaning good) -- if you hear it right after what the keeper says -- it's quite similar." The findings have been published in the journal Current Biology this week and describe how Koshik places the tip of his trunk into his mouth to produce his convincing impression of a human voice. Koshik was born in captivity in 1990 and was transferred to Everland Zoo a few years later. From the age of 5 to 12 there were no other elephants with Koshik at the zoo, and his only interaction was with humans. The researchers believe Koshik may have learned certain words out of necessity "to cement social bonds." Koshik is expected to draw quite a crowd when the public sees him in the spring after construction at the zoo is completed. Will elephants still roam earth in 20 years? Journalist Soo Bin Park contributed to this report.
highlights: Koshik grabbed interest of elephant vocalization expert in Vienna, Austria . He was born in captivity in 1990, transferred to Everland zoo a few years later . The elephant can say Korean words for "hello," "no," "good"
id: c02782c5a5a0ccd8f4454ae80be51731913ecfbc
chatgpt: A South Korean elephant named Koshik has recently caught the attention of Dr. Angela Stoeger, an elephant vocalization expert in Vienna, Austria. Koshik, who was born in captivity in 1990 and later transferred to the Everland zoo, has gained notoriety for his ability to mimic human speech. Dr. Stoeger first became aware of Koshik's unique vocal abilities after watching a video that was posted in 2012. In the video, Koshik can be heard saying words in Korean, such as "hello," "no," and "good." Intrigued by this, Dr. Stoeger decided to investigate further and travelled to Korea to work with Koshik and study his vocalizations. Through her research, Dr. Stoeger found that Koshik had learned to mimic human speech by putting his trunk in his mouth and changing the shape of his vocal tract. She also discovered that Koshik had a limited repertoire of words that he could say, and that he only used his newfound vocalizations when interacting with humans. While Koshik's ability to mimic human speech is certainly fascinating, Dr. Stoeger sees it as more than just a novelty. She believes that Koshik's vocalizations may offer insight into the communication abilities of elephants and their capacity for vocal learning. Elephants are known for their complex social structure and communication abilities, which include a wide range of vocalizations and physical gestures. However, vocal learning - the ability to imitate new sounds - is typically thought to be restricted to humans, birds, and some marine mammals. Koshik's ability to learn and replicate new vocalizations suggests that elephants may be capable of vocal learning as well. Dr. Stoeger thinks that this could have important implications for our understanding of how elephants communicate and how we can better care for them in captivity. In addition to their scientific significance, Koshik's vocalizations have also captured the hearts and imaginations of people around the world. Videos of Koshik speaking have gone viral on social media, and he has become something of a celebrity in his own right. Despite Koshik's newfound fame, however, Dr. Stoeger stresses the importance of remembering that he is still a wild animal and should be treated with respect and caution. She also emphasizes the need for more research to better understand the complex social and communication dynamics of elephants. As for Koshik, he seems to be enjoying his newfound vocal abilities and the attention that they have brought him. Visitors to the Everland zoo are often treated to a rendition of his "hello" or "good," a reminder of the remarkable capacity of these intelligent and emotional creatures.