article: (CNN) -- Prosecutors dismissed a charge Monday against a community activist who was arrested while filming a police encounter with her iPod camera because she was concerned it was initiated by racial profiling. "I'm feeling vindicated, I'm feeling energetic" Emily Good, 28, of Rochester, New York, said of the decision to have the charge dropped. Good had been charged with obstruction of governmental administration when she began videotaping the interrogation of a black man by three white officers in front of her house on May 12, she said. "Based upon the evidence, we could not make out the elements of the crime charged," Monroe County First Assistant District Attorney Sandra Doorley said. Good said she intends to file a civil suit. In a joint statement, Rochester Mayor Thomas S. Richards, City Council President Lovely A. Warren and Police Chief James Sheppard commended the decision to drop the charges against Good and said an internal review is being conducted into the incident. "Police officers must be able to cope with a high degree of stress while performing oftentimes dangerous duties, relying on their training and experience to guide their behavior," the statement said. "We want to make clear that it is not the policy or practice of the Rochester Police Department to prevent citizens from observing its activities -- including photographing or videotaping -- as long as it does not interfere with the safe conduct of those activities," the statement said. Additionally, the statement said an internal review would be conducted into a separate incident in which tickets were given "for parking violations of vehicles belonging to members of an organization associated with Ms. Good." According to Good, the statement refers to an episode on June 23, when police carrying rulers showed up outside a meeting at a community center supporting her and began issuing tickets to cars parked more than 12 inches from the curb. Both incidents "raise issues with respect to the conduct of Rochester police officers that require an internal review," the statement said. In the May 12 video, provided to CNN, Good can be heard telling officers "this is my front yard. I'm just recording what you're doing, it's my right." One of the three officers responds by telling Good, "I don't feel safe with you standing behind me, so I'm going to ask you to go into your house." Though the officer repeatedly orders Good to return to her house, she refuses. "It's my right to be in my yard and I'm sorry you don't feel safe. All I have is a camera. ... I have no weapons," Good says on the recording. About two minutes into the video, a police officer can be heard saying, "You know what, you're going to go to jail," and then proceeds to arrest Good.
highlights: Charge dropped against Emily Good, who was arrested for videotaping a police encounter . Good is a community activist who was concerned about racial profiling . City officials support the decision to drop the charge and announce an internal review .
id: 6eaa1f0d10c159ab2bb3ddccae31b9dd8ca0d540
chatgpt: Charge against Emily Good Dropped after Videotaping Police Encounter Emily Good, a community activist who was arrested for videotaping a police encounter, has had her charge dropped by city officials. Good was arrested by the Rochester Police Department in 2011 for using her camera to capture a police stop. City officials have now announced that an internal review will be conducted following the decision to drop the charge against Good. The infringement of Good's rights to record the police doing their job has been a controversial issue for activists for years. Good was arrested in a case that highlighted ongoing concerns of racial profiling and police conduct towards minorities. Good's video recording has been circulating on the internet since her arrest in 2011. Good was identified by the police officer and ordered to stop filming. Good continued to record the encounter, saying that she was within her rights as an American citizen. Good was then arrested and charged with obstructing governmental administration.  Good's arrest attracted attention from community activists and human rights advocates, who raised concerns about the infringement of civil liberties. Good's case showed the importance of citizen-led video recording and its potential value in policing police behavior.  City officials have now made a decision to support Good's right to record police activity. The decision to drop the charge against Good has been welcomed by activists, who are calling for increased transparency and accountability from the police department.  In a statement released by the city officials, they announced that they would be conducting an internal review to ensure that the incident does not happen again. The statement read, "The department takes these matters seriously and has taken steps to reinforce the rights of citizens to record police activity while ensuring compliance with the law." Good's lawyer, Stephanie Roosa, was pleased with the outcome of the case. Roosa said, "We are very pleased that Emily Good has finally had justice. This decision sends a message that people have the right to hold the police accountable." The incident in Rochester brought national attention to the issue of police conduct and the role of citizen-led video recording. Recently, various police departments, including the Minneapolis Police Department, have initiated policies to encourage their officers to be more open to the legal videotaping of police activity.   The incident also showed how social media has become a valuable tool in the fight against police brutality and infringement of civil liberties. Citizens are able to communicate and express their thoughts and opinions through social media more easily than ever before.  In summary, the decision to drop the charge against Emily Good has been a victory for civil liberties and the fight against police abuse of power. The internal review of the Rochester Police Department is expected to bring about significant changes in policing and better protection of citizens' rights.