article: Fitness coach Raymond Verheijen has launched a scathing attack on Arsenal's training methods after Aaron Ramsey was the latest player to be plagued by the club's injury curse. The 23-year-old was taken off at half-time in the Champions League against Galatasaray on Tuesday - his third game in a week - after tweaking a hamstring, which rule him out for at least three to four weeks. The Wales international's absence comes as a further blow to manager Arsene Wenger, who will also be without Jack Wilshere in central midfield for several months. VIDEO Scroll down for Arsene Wenger: Aaron Ramsey injury is a blow . Arsenal midfielder Aaron Ramsey tweaked his hamstring in their 4-1 win at Galatasaray on Tuesday . Ramsey is the latest midfield injury for Arsenal, who will be without Jack Wilshere for several months . Fitness coach Raymond Verheijen tweeted several times on Friday to condemn Arsenal's training methods . And Verheijen, who in the past has condemned the Gunners for 'incompetent periodisation and injury prevention', is adamant their crippling injury list is due to their own training pitfalls. 'Sad to read the news about yet another muscle injury for Aaron Ramsey. His injury record at Arsenal is simply shocking for such young player,' he tweeted on Friday. The Dutchman was quick to stick the boot in on the club's treatment of fellow compatriot Robin van Persie during his time at the Emirates, before his move to Manchester United too. Van Persie swapped north London for Manchester two seasons ago and Verheijen believes that the 31-year-old has been 'damaged' by Arsenal in what was an injury-plagued eight years at the club. 'RVP is only 31 yrs but more & more starts to look like an old man on pitch because of all damage done to his body during his Arsenal period,' he later tweeted. Verheijen believes Manchester United striker Robin van Persie (below) was 'damaged' at Arsenal . 'The same career threatening process takes place at Arsenal with Ramsey, [Theo] Walcott, Wilkshire [sic] & [Alex] Oxlade-Chamberlain who are structurally injured. 'Players who are injured season after season develop all kind of weak links inside the body so a vicious injury cycle develops during career. 'Thankfully, [Cesc] Fabregas was able to escape Arsenal after a few years so the amateurs in London did not get the chance to also destroy his body.' Arsenal host Newcastle in the Premier League evening kick-off on Saturday. Verheijen thinks that Chelsea midfielder Cesc Fabregas would be injury-plagued if he was still at Arsenal .
highlights: Arsenal's Aaron Ramsey could be out for up to a month due to injury . Ramsey tweaked his hamstring during Tuesday's 4-1 win at Galatasaray . Fitness coach Raymond Verheijen believes the club are to blame for Ramsey's injury record .
id: 7a831fe99978bdffababf6cc42374ed75a4c0dea
chatgpt: Arsenal midfielder Aaron Ramsey could be out of action for up to a month after suffering a hamstring injury during the Gunners' 4-1 victory over Galatasaray last Tuesday. The Wales international was forced off the pitch in the 57th minute of the match with what appears to be a recurrence of a previous hamstring injury. Ramsey has a history of hamstring problems, and Arsenal's fitness coach, Raymond Verheijen, believes the club's training methods are to blame for the midfielder's injury record. Verheijen has been critical of Arsenal's coaching staff in the past, claiming that their methods are outdated and do not take into account the latest scientific research. Verheijen posted several tweets on Wednesday expressing his concern over Ramsey's injury and the potential impact on the player's long-term fitness. "Another hamstring injury for Aaron Ramsey. How many more will follow before we see changes at Arsenal?" he wrote. Verheijen has previously worked with Manchester City, Barcelona, and the Netherlands national team, and is a respected figure in the world of sports science. His criticism of Arsenal's coaching staff is likely to add to the growing pressure on manager Arsene Wenger, who has been criticized for his team's injury record in the past. Ramsey has been an important player for Arsenal this season, scoring five goals in 16 appearances in all competitions. The Welshman played a key role in the Gunners' 2-0 victory over Borussia Dortmund in the Champions League last month, scoring the opening goal of the match. Arsenal are currently fifth in the Premier League, seven points behind leaders Chelsea. The Gunners face Newcastle United in their next fixture on Saturday, and will also play Liverpool, Queens Park Rangers, and West Ham United in December. Ramsey's absence will be a blow to Arsenal's midfield, which has struggled for form and consistency this season. The Gunners have been linked with a move for Paris Saint-Germain midfielder Adrien Rabiot in the January transfer window, as Wenger looks to bolster his squad ahead of the second half of the season. Arsenal fans will hope that Ramsey's injury is not too serious, and that the club can address their injury problems before they become a major issue. The Gunners have been hit by a number of injuries this season, with Olivier Giroud, Laurent Koscielny, and Mesut Ozil among the players who have been sidelined in recent months. Only time will tell whether Verheijen's criticism of Arsenal's training methods is justified, but the ongoing injuries suggest that the Gunners may need to take a fresh approach to their preparations if they are to remain competitive in the long term.