article: (CNN) -- If you sell it, they will come. Prices are expected to grow for Michael Jackson autographs like the one he gave this young fan in 2002. That's the hope at least for many offering Michael Jackson related merchandise and memorabilia, including autographed items and domain names, in the wake of his surprising death. Almost 20,000 items were up for sale after his death on the popular auction site eBay, where collectors could snap up everything from the rare to the ridiculous. Among the many T-shirts, record albums, DVDs and posters, there were also magazines about Jackson, dolls and copies of newspapers announcing his death. There were Michael Jackson gloves (sparkly, of course), masks, wigs, sunglasses and fedora hats. Anyone in the mood for some senior soda could try and win an auction for an unopened six-pack of Pepsi from the 1984 Jacksons world tour. For those seeking to establish Web sites, domain names were available including "ILoveYouMichael.com," which was selling for the "buy it now" price of $5,000. Officials at eBay said that compared with the daily average of the week prior, Thursday's gross merchandise volume for Jackson memorabilia increased by 275 percent and sold items increased by 210 percent. New listings were up 61 percent, while the average selling price of items had increased by 31 percent. Online merchant CafePress also offered a variety of items, including mugs, "R.I.P. Michael Jackson" magnets and dozens of T-shirt designs, including one screened with a drawing of tennis legend Billie Jean King and the words "not my lover." Some of the hottest items may turn out to be the ones bearing Jackson's signature. On eBay, bids for what the buyer claimed was a signed Michael Jackson  guitar had reached almost $1,300 by Friday afternoon. Jerry Ohlinger, owner of Jerry Ohlinger's Movie Material Store in New York, predicted that although Jackson was generous in giving autographs, the price for a legitimate autograph probably will at least double from the $150 to $300 range it was prior to his death. "He would sign autographs whenever he appeared in person," Ohlinger said. "For instance, he visited our store at least three times, and he signed autographs for all of the employees." As a comparison, Ohlinger said, an autograph for the late actress Marilyn Monroe, who also was known to sign a great deal during her lifetime, sells for about $5,000 because of great demand. As of Friday, items purported to be autographed photos of Jackson were ranging in price from just over $5 to several thousand dollars. There is no way to predict whether there will be a sudden influx in demand for Michael Jackson memorabilia and merchandise, Ohlinger said. All of the hoopla would probably tickle the pop icon, who Ohlinger said was himself a fan of star items. Whenever Jackson would visit Ohlinger's Manhattan store, he would shop for vintage photos of some of the legendary ladies of cinema, including his very dear friend Elizabeth Taylor, Ohlinger recalled.
highlights: NEW: Sold Jackson items on eBay increase 210 percent compared to last week . Plenty of Michael Jackson merchandise goes on sale . Online auction site ebay boasts thousands of items from T-shirts to soda . Memorabilia expert predicts Jackson autograph to at least double in price .
id: 74b6f013a753810dc74ab1bf501dd9609937cc3d
chatgpt: Online auction giant eBay has reported a staggering 210 percent increase in the sale of Michael Jackson memorabilia, compared to last week. This news comes as the estate of the late King of Pop announced a massive sell-off of Jackson's possessions and collectibles. Fans and collectors have been snapping up items ranging from T-shirts to soda in droves. The surge in sales is hardly surprising, given the massive popularity of Michael Jackson even nearly a decade after his untimely death. The King of Pop left behind a vast collection of personal belongings, including items from his iconic music videos and live concerts. The sale of these items presents a unique opportunity for fans to own a piece of pop culture history. While some fans are simply looking to add to their collection of Jackson memorabilia, others view these items as an investment opportunity. According to a leading memorabilia expert, the value of Jackson's autograph is expected to at least double in price. As collectors and investors clamor for a piece of the pop legend, it's clear that the demand for Jackson memorabilia is only set to increase. One eBay seller, who wished to remain anonymous, spoke to us about the boom in Jackson-related sales: "I've been selling Jackson memorabilia for years, and the buzz around this latest sale is unlike anything I've ever seen. Fans are bidding fiercely on items, and the prices are going through the roof. It's a really exciting time to be a Jackson fan." The sale isn't just limited to physical items either. The estate has also released a range of previously unreleased music and video content. Fans can now purchase unheard tracks, live performances, and rare behind-the-scenes footage from some of Jackson's most famous music videos. While some may question the ethics of profiting from the sale of a deceased celebrity's possessions, the estate has made it clear that the sales are essential to fund ongoing projects and charities associated with Michael Jackson's legacy. With the singer's posthumous album "Xscape" selling over one million copies worldwide, it's clear that interest in Jackson's music and cultural impact remains as strong as ever. Some of the most popular items on eBay include rare concert memorabilia, including posters, ticket stubs, and programs. Fans can also purchase clothing worn by Jackson in some of his most famous music videos, as well as his signature fedora hat. It seems that there's something for everyone among the thousands of Jackson items available for sale on eBay. As the sale continues, it will be interesting to see just how much some of these items fetch. With the memorabilia market hotter than ever, it's likely that the prices for some items will be astronomical. For devoted Jackson fans, however, these prices will be worth paying for a chance to own a piece of the King of Pop's legacy.