article: By . Associated Press Reporter and Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 22:17 EST, 29 August 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 22:17 EST, 29 August 2013 . NBC News anchor Brian Williams returns to screens next Tuesday, having been away since undergoing knee replacement surgery on Aug. 6. The network said on Thursday that Willliams will be back to work at 'Nightly News' after Labor Day. NBC has the top-rated evening news program, but ABC's 'World News' with Diane Sawyer has been creeping closer. Lester Holt has been filling in for Williams since his surgery. On the road to recovery: Brian Williams returns the screens next weeks after knee replacement surgery . Williams discussed the knee replacement surgery Thursday in a Nightly News segment about the procedure by Dr. Nancy Snyderman. 'If you don't see me around here for a while, this is the reason why,' he said, describing the 'helmet to the knee' injury he suffered playing high school football. 'I have been in pain for 35 years,' said Williams. 'I have paid a very high price from what's been confirmed to be the single worst New Jersey high school Catholic League football career in history,' he joked. Williams, 54, said he's had three previous surgeries on his right knee but the pain was becoming more of an issue. When it began costing him sleep, Williams said he realized it was time to take care of it. Williams, seen here with his wife Jane, said he had been in pain for 35 years due to his football playing injury . Bone-on-bone: Williams had been in agony for 35 years with his knee, which has lost all its cartilage meaning there was no cushioning between his bones. Surgery replaced it with an artificial joint . 'If this doesn't go perfectly, it can't hurt any more than it does now,' he said. Snyderman said most people who have knee replacement surgery miss between three weeks and three months of work, depending on the physical nature of their jobs. Full recovery takes between six months and a year. Williams joked during an appearance on David Letterman's Late Show last month that 'I want to come back almost a little too early gooned on medication. I think it will be great viewing.' Long considered one of America’s favorite news anchors, Williams' skills as a hip hop MC were revealed by ‘Late Night’ host Jimmy Fallon recently. Back in June, Fallon featured Williams hitting up some 90s West Coast flavor with a mash-up of Warren G’s 'Regulate' and Dr Dre's 'Nuthin but a 'G' Thang', then earlier this month it was time for Brian to get old skool (sic) with a blast of Young MC’s classic 80s cut ‘Bust A Move.’ The hilarious footage was created by splicing together Williams' words from countless news broadcasts to create an almost seamless mash-up of the first and second verses of the 1989 classic all about the age-old story of boys trying to impress the ladies.
highlights: NBC Nightly News anchor Brian Williams returns to screens next week . The newscaster has been recovering from knee surgery carried out earlier this month . Lester Holt had been filling in while Williams was away .
id: e1562b5276076ee2acd4b36854795afd70450252
chatgpt: After a brief hiatus, NBC Nightly News anchor Brian Williams is set to return to the airwaves next week. The veteran newscaster had been recovering from knee surgery that he underwent at the beginning of the month. News of Williams' return comes as a relief to his fans, who have been eagerly awaiting his comeback. Lester Holt had been filling in for Williams during his absence, and while he did an admirable job anchoring the show, many viewers expressed their anticipation for Williams to return. In a statement to the press, Williams expressed his gratitude for the outpouring of support he has received since his surgery. "I've been overwhelmed by the messages I've received from viewers," he said. "It's truly humbling to know that so many people care about me and my wellbeing." Williams also noted that he's eager to get back to work and get back into the swing of things. "I love my job, and I'm excited to be returning to the newscast next week," he said. "I've missed being on air, and I'm looking forward to catching up on all the news that's happened while I've been away." It's unclear how Williams' return will impact the show's ratings. Since taking over as anchor in 2004, Williams has become one of the most recognizable faces in news broadcasting. However, the past few years have been fraught with controversy for Williams, following reports that he embellished accounts of his experiences covering various news events. Despite these setbacks, NBC executives have expressed their confidence in Williams and have welcomed his return to the show. "Brian is an incredibly talented newscaster, and we're thrilled to have him back on the air with us," said NBC News President Deborah Turness. "We have no doubt that he'll continue to do great work and deliver the news with the same level of professionalism and integrity that he always has." Williams' return to the show also comes at a crucial time for NBC News. With the 2020 presidential election just around the corner, the network will be under close scrutiny for its coverage of the race. Williams' experience and credibility as a newscaster could prove invaluable as the network seeks to navigate the challenges of election season. It remains to be seen how Williams' knee surgery will impact his performance on air. However, for now, NBC viewers can breathe a sigh of relief knowing that their favorite anchor will be back in the anchor's seat next week.