article: Johannesburg (CNN) -- As Olympic icon Oscar Pistorius faces a murder trial for shooting his girlfriend, his older brother is also charged in the death of a woman. Carl Pistorius is accused in the 2010 death of a female motorcyclist, Pistorius family attorney Kenny Oldwage said. Culpable homicide refers to "unlawful negligent killing," South African police say. Prosecutors say Carl Pistorius was driving recklessly in Vanderbijlpark, South Africa, when he crashed with the motorcyclist in the daytime. Oldwage disputes allegations that his client was driving recklessly and said the motorcyclist rode into Carl Pistorius' vehicle. "Carl deeply regrets the accident. Blood tests conducted by the police at the time proved that he had not been under the influence of alcohol, confirming that it was a tragic road accident after the deceased collided with Carl's car," a statement from the Pistorius family said. The motorcyclist died in a hospital a couple of days after the accident, Oldwage said. Carl Pistorius was initially scheduled to go on trial Thursday -- during the middle of his brother's four-day bail hearing. The trial has been rescheduled for the end of March. His case could be over before his brother's murder trial is scheduled to start in June. Carl Pistorius was a fixture at his younger brother's bail hearing last week, handing Oscar tissues as the 26-year-old sobbed uncontrollably in court. Oscar Pistorius, the double-amputee sprinter known as the "Blade Runner," is charged with premeditated murder in the death of his girlfriend, model Reeva Steenkamp. Prosecutors say the Olympian killed her after a heated argument in the early morning hours of Valentine's Day. Pistorius says he thought Steenkamp, 29, was an intruder. After a four-day, emotionally wrenching bail hearing, the track star was granted bail Friday. As part of his conditions for release, Oscar Pistorius cannot return to his home, where the shooting happened; must surrender his passport; and can't go near an airport. It's unknown whether Oscar Pistorius will be in court to support his brother during his trial. CNN's Karen Smith and Josh Levs contributed to this report.
highlights: A Pistorius family attorney confirms that Carl Pistorius is charged with culpable homicide . Prosecutors blame Carl Pistorius for the death of a motorcyclist in 2010 . His attorney says the motorcyclist crashed into Carl Pistorius' vehicle . Carl Pistorius' trial was rescheduled so he could support his brother .
id: 196a26d373f3db8f83dc247248225fc9fc39565b
chatgpt: Carl Pistorius, the older brother of former Olympic sprinter Oscar Pistorius, has been charged with culpable homicide in connection with a 2010 fatal accident. Prosecutors claim that Carl was responsible for the death of a motorcyclist in the collision that occurred in Vanderbijlpark, a small city located about 50 miles south of Johannesburg, South Africa. The Pistorius family attorney confirmed the charges against Carl in a statement released to the media. According to the statement, Carl's trial was set to begin earlier, but it was rescheduled so that he could support his younger brother as he faced his own trials. Oscar, also known as Blade Runner, was found guilty of culpable homicide in 2014, in connection with the shooting death of his girlfriend, Reeva Steenkamp. Carl's attorney, Kenny Oldwage, argues that Carl is not responsible for the accident and that the motorcyclist crashed into his client's vehicle. "There is no doubt that Carl is innocent and the charge will be challenged in court," Oldwage said. "We will be arguing that he was not negligent and that the collision was unavoidable." Carl's case has drawn attention because of his brother's high-profile trial and subsequent imprisonment. Oscar's rise to fame and subsequent fall from grace have captivated the world's attention, and the Pistorius family has become a household name. The Pistorius family has faced ongoing legal challenges since Oscar's trial. The family is known for their high-profile legal battles, and this latest case is likely to extend their legal woes. Oscar is currently serving a 15-year sentence for the murder of Reeva Steenkamp, and Carl's trial will add to the family's mounting legal fees. The trial will take place in the near future, and Carl is expected to plead not guilty to the charges. The outcome of the trial remains uncertain, and the Pistorius family is bracing for another high-profile legal battle.