article: (CNN) -- A California man accused of running a "revenge porn" website told CNN affiliate KFMB that he hasn't done anything criminal, but that he understands why people are upset and is done with the business. "I just don't want to be involved in that kind of website anymore," Kevin Bollaert told KFMB. "I want to do good things with my life." Bollaert, 27, of San Diego, is accused of creating one website that allowed people to post explicit images of people without their permission, and creating another one soliciting payments to get the photographs taken down. Authorities on Tuesday charged Bollaert with 31 felony counts of conspiracy, identity theft and extortion, the state attorney general's office said. Court documents allege that in December 2012, Bollaert created the website ugotposted.com, which allowed for the posting of sexually explicit photographs of people without their permission. "This website published intimate photos of unsuspecting victims and turned their public humiliation and betrayal into a commodity with the potential to devastate lives," Attorney General Kamala D. Harris said. The sexually explicit material, primarily of women, was routinely posted by angry former boyfriends and ex-husbands, authorities said. It contained their real names and links to their Facebook profiles. Prosecutors allege Bollaert also created a second website, changemyreputation.com, that charged up to $350 to remove the content, the documents said. Bollaert made tens of thousands of dollars through the website, prosecutors allege. Neither website was operational Wednesday morning. A 20-year-old Reno, Nevada, woman whose nude pictures appeared on the site told KFMB that she didn't know how the photos got there, but that it was devastating. "You should have seen me. I was a wreck. I was bawling my eyes out," the woman said. "That's me, that's my personal nakedness, and everyone can see it now." Bollaert denied doing anything illegal. "I don't feel like I've committed any crime," he said, adding that he knows why there's an uproar. "I understand that a lot of people would be upset by what would happen and be hurt," Bollaert said. KFMB reported that court documents contained pleas to the website from women who said the postings resulted in nearly around-the-clock harassment from creepy men. "I have gone to the police, I've had a restraining order put in place because of this site, (and) my phone has been going off EVERY 2 MINUTES with strange men sending inappropriate things to me," one woman, who said she was a minor when the photographs were posted, wrote to the website, according to the court documents cited by KFMB. "It's disgusting. Also, I've had to ... have a sexual harassment charge put in place in court because of this. I don't know what gets you off about ruining people's lives, but I was underage in the photos posted of me so, yes, you are showing child pornography," she wrote. Sonya Hamasak contributed to this report.
highlights: Man accused of running "revenge porn" site tells KFMB he's done with the business . But Kevin Bollaert, 27, says he hasn't done anything illegal . Authorities say Bollaert created a site for people to post sexually explicit photos of others . They allege he then used another site to solicit payments to get the materials removed .
id: ab11cfa54153d7fce152080ca8b681e1e04b7498
chatgpt: San Diego, California – Kevin Bollaert, a 27-year-old man accused of running a "revenge porn" website, has declared that he is no longer in the business. However, he maintains that he has not done anything illegal. Bollaert was arrested in 2014 and charged with 31 criminal counts, including identity theft and extortion. The charges were brought after authorities alleged that he created a website that allowed users to upload sexually explicit photos of others without their consent. The victims' personal information, such as their full names and social media profiles, were also included on the site. Furthermore, it was claimed that Bollaert demanded payments from the victims to have their content taken down from the site via another website he owned. He allegedly made around $30,000 from these transactions. Despite facing significant legal consequences, Bollaert recently spoke to KFMB, a local news station in San Diego, in which he stated that he has given up on running the revenge porn website. He claimed that he didn't see "any point... being involved in it [the site] anymore," and that the ordeal has caused him to gain a better understanding of the harm he's caused. However, Bollaert did not admit to breaking any laws regarding his website. According to him, the website was just a neutral platform, and it was merely users who uploaded content to the site. "I don’t think that, just because you’re the platform, you should be held responsible for everything that’s posted on the platform, because that’s just not realistic," he said. Bollaert's lawyer, Emily Rose, also added, "What we have to understand is that Kevin's website was not illegal. It was the behavior of the users that was illegal." Many are skeptical of Bollaert’s claims, including Assistant California Attorney General Michael Murphy, who prosecuted the case against him. Murphy stated that Bollaert’s supposed remorse could be a mere ploy to reduce his sentence, which could lead to him facing up to 20 years in prison if found guilty. This is not the first high-profile case of revenge porn in California, with the state being one of the first to pass legislation outlawing the practice. Such laws make it illegal to intentionally distribute sexual images of someone without their consent. Those who break the law face fines, imprisonment, or both. Moreover, lawmakers are now pushing for federal legislation that could make operating a revenge porn website a federal crime. U.S. Senator Kamala Harris has proposed a bill known as the STOP (Cyber Exploitation) Act, aiming to impose harsher sentences on those who operate such sites. The case against Bollaert is still ongoing, and his next court date is set for later this year. As more attention is directed towards images shared without consent and the tech companies who enable this sort of behavior, legal precedents are being established for how to hold companies and individuals accountable for their actions. In the meantime, authorities continue to work towards preventing the spread of these malicious actions while providing justice for those who have already been harmed.