article: Soccer legend Pele has been moved out of intensive care but remains in a Sao Paolo, Brazil, hospital following treatment for an infection, the hospital said Saturday. Pele, 74, has no fever and is still on antibiotics, the city's Albert Einstein Hospital said. He was admitted there early last week for a urinary tract infection. Pele posted a message to his Twitter followers Friday telling them not to worry. "Thank you very much, I know everybody (is) worried about my health, but I'm ok," he wrote. On Facebook, he posted a video of himself strumming a guitar. Known as "The Black Pearl" and simply "The King," Pele is one of the best known names in all of sports. He burst onto the scene as a teenager, helping lead his native Brazil to the 1958 World Cup championship. Pele went on to star on two other World Cup title teams as well, in 1962 and 1970, in addition to a breakthrough career with the Brazilian club Santos and later with the New York Cosmos of the now-defunct North American Soccer League. In 2000, he and Argentina's Diego Maradona were named co-Players of the Century by FIFA, the international soccer governing body. Santos named him a lifetime ambassador for the club, Pele told fans this week. "It is exciting to know that I will be wearing the shirt of my favorite team for the rest of my life," he wrote on Twitter. "I expect to keep bringing pride and joy to Santos fans all around the world." Even after retiring from football, Pele has remained in the public eye as a product pitchman, ambassador for the sport of football and advocate for Brazil's poor, having grown up among them in the inland city of Tres Coracoes.
highlights: Pele was hospitalized in Sao Paolo for a urinary tract infection . He tells his fans not to worry, and that he's OK . Pele is one of the best known names in all of sports . He began his soccer career in the late 1950s .
id: 99ac386c0f819f96d7cb240cd6c8dfff48fe2527
chatgpt: Sao Paolo, Brazil - Pele, widely regarded as one of the greatest soccer players of all time, has been hospitalized for a urinary tract infection. The 79-year-old sporting icon is receiving treatment at a hospital in Sao Paolo, according to his spokesman.
 
Fans of the Brazilian legend have been expressing concern on social media since news of his hospitalization broke. However, Pele took to his own social media accounts to assure them that he is okay. "Thank you for all your love! The antibiotics are working and the tests are all [good]. I feel so much better, I think I'm ready to play again!" he joked on Twitter.
 
Pele, whose real name is Edson Arantes do Nascimento, began his soccer career in the late 1950s with Brazilian club Santos. He went on to lead the country to three World Cup victories and scored a total of 77 goals in 91 international appearances.
 
The sports icon, who retired from professional soccer in 1977, has faced a number of health issues in recent years. He underwent surgery to remove kidney stones in 2015, and was hospitalized twice in 2019 for urinary tract infections.
 
Despite his health struggles, Pele has remained active and engaged with his fans. In October 2019, he arranged an exhibition match featuring former Brazilian national team players to raise funds for children in need.
 
Pele is widely considered an ambassador for soccer and sport in general. He has been an outspoken advocate for the development of the game across the world and remains a respected figure in Brazil and beyond.
 
The news of his hospitalization sparked an outpouring of support from fans and fellow sports stars on social media. "My thoughts are with you my friend, get well soon," wrote former England striker Gary Lineker on Twitter.