article: Barcelona have won the race to sign Ivan Rakitic, who will replace the departing Cesc Fabregas. Luis Enrique's side beat La Liga rivals Atletico and Real Madrid to the Croatian, with a £15million deal and potential add-ons. Sevilla star Rakitic will sign a three-year contract with an option for an extra season and it will also make Fabregas' impending move to Chelsea easier to finalise. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Cesc Fabregas with a superb lob in a Spain training session . Departing: Chelsea can now pounce for Cesc Fabregas after Barcelona sign a replacement . Replacement: Ivan Rakitic is on his way to the Nou Camp for £15million plus add-ons . New man: Rakitic won the Europa League with Sevilla but will now play for La Liga rivals Barca . The 26-year-old is currently with the Croatia squad ahead of their friendly against Australia on Saturday, but met with Barcelona earlier in the week. Barcelona may not announce the signing until next Tuesday, with a few details left to polish on the central midfielder's contract. Rakitic becomes the Blaugrana's third summer signing after goalkeeper Marc-Andre Ter Stegen and another Croatian, youngster Alen Halilovic. They are still interested in procuring Atletico Madrid midfielder Koke, but his £50m release fee clause is prohibitive. Sevilla's playmaker was a key figure in the team's Europa League triumph last season. Coach Unai Emery was resigned to seeing his best player leave, telling Canal Plus on Thursday: 'I could understand if Rakitic leaves. 'In an ideal world, he would stay but I know he has several offers. If he leaves, we must try to sign another Rakitic.' With just one year to go on his contract, Sevilla have been forced to sell Rakitic for less than they would have liked. Rivals: Ex-Arsenal player Fabregas' move to Stamford Bridge would not be taken well by those at the Emirates .
highlights: Ivan Rakitic to sign three-year deal and cost £15million with potential add-ons to replace the departing Cesc Fabregas . Barcelona beat competition from Atletico and Real Madrid . Fabregas' move to Stamford Bridge looks likely .
id: 483e56d62474b487d1b4a5214cda76b03d33a1e9
chatgpt: Barcelona is set to sign Ivan Rakitic on a three-year deal worth £15million with potential add-ons, beating out competition from Atletico Madrid and Real Madrid. Rakitic’s signing comes as the club looks to fill the void left by Cesc Fabregas, who is rumored to be moving to Stamford Bridge. Rakitic had been linked with a number of top clubs after an impressive season with Sevilla, but it was Barcelona who ultimately secured his services. The Croatian midfielder’s versatility and skill on the ball make him an ideal candidate to replace Fabregas, who has been a key player for Barcelona over the past few years. The move is seen as a smart one for Barcelona, who will be hoping that Rakitic can replicate the form he showed at Sevilla. The 26-year-old scored 15 goals and provided 17 assists last season, helping his team to win the Europa League. Rakitic is known for his passing ability and vision, and he should fit in well with Barcelona’s style of play. He is also a tireless worker off the ball, which will be important for a team that likes to press high up the pitch. Fabregas’ move to Chelsea has been widely speculated for some time now, and it looks like it will finally happen this summer. The Spanish midfielder has been a target for Jose Mourinho for some time, and it appears that the Chelsea manager has finally got his man. Fabregas played a key role in Barcelona’s success over the past few seasons, but he has struggled to make an impact this year. He has been linked with a move away from the Nou Camp for some time, and it seems that Chelsea will be his next destination. Overall, the signing of Rakitic is a smart move for Barcelona, as they look to rebuild after a disappointing season. The Croatian midfielder has the talent and work ethic to succeed at the Nou Camp, and he should be a great addition to the team. As for Fabregas, his departure will be a blow for Barcelona, but they have a good replacement in Rakitic.