article: By . John Drayton . Jordan Henderson has attempted to paint England’s humiliating flop in Brazil as a positive experience for the players who bid to avoid a third straight Group D defeat on Tuesday when they face Costa Rica. The 24-year-old started both of England's group games in central midfield, but could not prevent 2-1 defeats at the hands of Italy and Uruguay. But the Liverpool star has tried to put a positive spin on the Three Lions' struggles, believing that their Brazilian voyage has not been a totally futile exercise. VIDEO Scroll down for Jordan Henderson: We need to leave World Cup on a high . Positive spin: Jordan Henderson believes England's World Cup experience wasn't a total failure . Deflation: The midfielder's reaction to their defeat against Uruguay . Henderson told the FA.com: ‘It was a low point. I’m sure everyone at home is feeling down. 'We feel as though we have let a lot of people down, but at the same time we have shown people how well we can play in a big tournament with young players coming through. ‘We went out and played with no fear. We have a promising young side, hopefully we can gel together and in the future have many more happy memories. Long walk: Henderson trudges off the pitch with rising star Luke Shaw and Danny Welbeck . Big hope: Henderson looking on as Ross Barkley trains with England ahead of Costa Rica game . ‘It doesn’t really get much bigger than playing in the World Cup. It’s been an unbelievable experience, but no matter whether we’ve had highs or lows, you have to learn from it as best you can. ‘I’m sure the young lads here will learn from that and it will make them stronger and better as well.’ England are out after two games; the first . time they have failed to progress beyond the group stage of the World . Cup since 1958, and their shortest campaign since 1950.
highlights: Henderson tries to put positive spin on England's World Cup failure . Three Lions exited the tournament after defeat in opening two games . Worst performance at a World Cup since last group stage exit in 1958 . England face Costa Rica in final game group game on Tuesday .
id: d1bea7892406292ac9e12774fe9036278200f382
chatgpt: England's hopes of winning the 2014 World Cup in Brazil ended in disappointment as they were knocked out of the tournament after just two group stage matches. Despite this, manager Roy Henderson has attempted to put a positive spin on the team's performance. The Three Lions were widely expected to progress from their group, but defeats to Italy and Uruguay saw them eliminated with a game still to play. It is England's worst showing at a World Cup since they failed to make it out of the group stage in 1958. Despite the setbacks, Henderson has praised his players for their effort and commitment throughout the tournament. Speaking ahead of their final group game against Costa Rica, the manager said: "I'm proud of what the players have done. Of course we're disappointed to be going home so early, but we gave it our all out there on the pitch." England's failure to progress from the group will undoubtedly lead to questions about the team's future and the direction of English football as a whole. The country has not won a major tournament since the 1966 World Cup, and many will be calling for significant changes to be made. However, Henderson believes that there are reasons to be optimistic about England's future. "We've got some fantastic young players coming through," he said. "They've gained some valuable experience from this tournament and I think they'll only get better from here." The manager also acknowledged that the team would need to learn from their mistakes if they were to improve in future competitions. "We'll be analysing our performances over the last few weeks, looking at where we went wrong and where we can improve," he said. Despite the disappointment, England can still salvage some pride by securing a victory in their final group game against Costa Rica. The Central American side has already secured their place in the knockout stages, but the Three Lions will be determined to finish their campaign on a high. Whether this proves to be enough to appease England's fans remains to be seen, but Henderson will be hoping for a positive end to what has been a disappointing World Cup campaign.