article: (CNN) -- On the day that marks the birth of Elvis Presley perhaps it is fitting that lightning should strike twice. Bradford City, currently in the fourth tier of English football, stunned Premier League Aston Villa with a 3-1 win in the first leg of their semifinal in the League Cup just weeks after toppling the mighty Arsenal. The club are now just 90 minutes away from their first major final since they lifted the FA Cup back in 1911, if they can successfully negotiate the second leg at Villa Park on January 22. Goals from Nehki Wells and Rory McArdle stunned the visitors before Andreas Weimann pulled a goal back for Villa but a late header from Carl McHugh restored City's two-goal cushion. Bradford are now on the verge of matching the achievement Rochdale, who were the last fourth division side to reach the League Cup final in 1962. The League Cup, first contested in 1960, is regarded as the third competition in English football behind the Premier League and the FA Cup. Villa are owned by Randy Lerner, the American businessman who recently sold the Cleveland Browns NFL franchise. Even if Bradford don't make it to Wembley they will have two cup shocks to remember fondly after they disposed of a full-strength Arsenal team on penalties in the last eight. Their manager Phil Parkinson told Sky Sports: "To beat Aston Villa 3-1 is outstanding achievement, we played so well. "Villa came with an attacking line up but left space and I thought we passed the ball well. The lads were magnificent in all departments. "We've got be respectful and do it all again so we don't get carried away but what a victory for us. We've got to go there and enjoy it in front of 40,000 fans, and 6,000 of ours, because the pressure will be on Villa. "We want to go and put in a strong performance. If we do that we'll have a great chance of going to Wembley. This is a dream to be in the semifinals with the likes of Chelsea, Villa, Swansea and we've got take it. They'll have to really earn it if they get to the final." A despondent Paul Lambert said his young Villa side weren't good enough to match their supposedly inferior opponents on the night. "We knew what was coming, the set pieces, and we never defended them well at all," he said. "It wasn't good enough. We had a lot of the game but you've got to be able to defend set pieces. Its happened year after year that so-called lesser teams beat bigger teams but we've got a chance to redeem this. "I'm pretty sure we'll start as favorites but it's a big game for us now." European champions Chelsea take on Swansea in the other semifinal first leg on Wednesday night.
highlights: Fourth-tier Bradford City stun Premier League Aston Villa in League Cup . Bradford win the first leg 3-1 at their Valley Parade ground . The lowly team knocked out high-flying Arsenal in the previous round .
id: 1546fdfb20097d5a80d50ba313d55a7aeb09788f
chatgpt: In a shock upset, fourth-tier Bradford City stunned Premier League powerhouse Aston Villa in the first leg of their League Cup semi-final match-up. Playing at their Valley Parade ground, Bradford City displayed grit, determination and belief in what was a remarkable result against a team who play their football two divisions higher up. The match itself saw Bradford City take it to Aston Villa from the get-go, with the opening 25 minutes seeing the home side create several opportunities to score. It was not long before they found the back of the net, with Nahki Wells scoring in the 19th minute. Aston Villa did create chances of their own, but they were unable to convert them into goals, despite going close on several occasions. The second half saw Bradford City continue to dominate and they were rewarded with two further goals. The second goal was scored by Rory McArdle in the 77th minute, while a third was added by Carl McHugh in the 88th minute. Aston Villa's Jonathan Weimann scored a late consolation goal in stoppage time, but it did little to take the shine off what was a fantastic performance by the fourth-tier side. This is not the first time that Bradford City has caused a stir in this season's League Cup. In the previous round, they knocked out Arsenal, one of the most high-flying teams in the English Premier League. This current run of form has been nothing short of sensational for Bradford City. The team has been labelled the "giant killers" of this year's competition, taking on and beating much bigger and more fancied opponents. The Bradford City manager, Phil Parkinson, was full of praise for his team following their victory. Speaking after the game, he said: "I am so proud of my players. They gave everything and stuck to our game-plan. We know we can play against the best teams in the country, and we have proved that again today." For Aston Villa, it is a result that leaves a bitter taste in their mouths. The Premier League team, who have been struggling for form this season, will now have to dig deep and try to overturn this deficit in the second leg if they are to progress to the final of the competition. The Bradford City fans were understandably ecstatic after the final whistle, with chants of "we're going to Wembley" ringing around the stadium. While there is still much work to be done, it is hard to deny that this is an incredible achievement for the team from the lower leagues. The second leg of the semi-final between Aston Villa and Bradford City will take place at Villa Park in a few weeks' time. For the Premier League team, it is a must-win game if they are to keep their League Cup hopes alive. For Bradford City, however, it is a chance to continue their incredible cup run and to cement their place as one of the most exciting and dynamic teams in English football right now.