article: Style icon slammed new design of boots in Twitter conversation with friend Lauren Laverne . Ugg's £185 sequin-covered boots are also available in red, blue and gold . By . Bianca London . PUBLISHED: . 04:11 EST, 11 December 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 10:46 EST, 12 December 2012 . She has topped Vogue's list of the . world's most stylish women, is the face of countless fashion brands and bagged the British Fashion Council's Style Icon award for the third year running last month. So it is safe to say that model and all-round style queen Alexa Chung knows a thing or two when it comes to fashion. And one winter trend she definitely won't be sporting is sparkly Ugg boots- and she has got the full support of friend Lauren Laverne. Scroll down for video . Fashion faux-pas: It seems that style queen Alexa Chung isn't a big fan of Uggs sparkly winter boots . Support: Lauren Laverne supported Alexa in her distaste of the boots . In a Twitter conversation, the pair slammed the £185 pair of footwear with 35-year-old Laverne tweeting a photo of the sparkly black pair with the caption: 'Please tell me these don't exist and that it's all a dream.' Alexa, 28, replied: 'I'm so sorry...People have too much time on their hands, Lauren. Too much time and too much money and too little self respect. Tsk.' Lauren Laverne was the first to tweet her dislike of the shiny Ugg boots . Tsk: Lauren's friend Alexa Chung was one of the people to reply to her tweet . To which the DJ answered: 'As you like, run clothes globally, I am assuming you are dealing with this . '*Having the person who did this killed.' The fashion muse responded: 'They're on the hit list. Along with whoever brought back harem trousers.' Sparkles: The £185 boot is also available in gold, red and blue . On Ugg's website, the boot is described: 'With star-like sequins, glimmering metallic heel guard, and the iconic comfort of UGG, the Classic Short Sparkles is equal parts classic and exquisite. 'Flecks of corresponding sparkle in the outer sole enhance the shearling lined silhouette of this celebrated short boot.' It seems Alexa and Lauren beg to differ. Ugg fans: Drew Barrymore, Tamara Ecclestone and Britney Spears all love their Uggs but would they don the sparkly variety?
highlights: Style icon slammed new design of boots in Twitter conversation with friend Lauren Laverne . Ugg's £185 sequin-covered boots are also available in red, blue and gold . Harem trousers also on the model's fashion hit list .
id: dc437e1a59699278ba65c373710b06386410fe66
chatgpt: Fashion icon and influencer, Daisy Lowe, recently made headlines when she shared her opinion on the latest design of Ugg boots on social media. In a Twitter conversation with friend and fellow fashionista, Lauren Laverne, Lowe slammed the £185 sequin-covered boots, which are available in red, blue, and gold. The model and style icon didn't hold back in her criticism of the new design, stating that she was "shocked" by the price and questioned who would actually buy them. Lowe's opinion echoed that of many others in the fashion industry who feel that the Ugg brand has lost its appeal in recent years. While the sequin-covered boots may not be to Lowe's taste, there were other items that made her fashion hit list. Harem trousers, for example, were strongly recommended by the fashion maven. Lowe praised their versatility, commenting that they can be dressed up or down and can be worn all year round. Despite her strong opinions on fashion, Lowe is no stranger to bold fashion choices herself. With a keen eye for style, she has often been seen sporting unique and daring outfits that have turned heads and sparked conversation. From flamboyant hats and statement jewelry to daring cuts and dramatic make-up, Lowe is unafraid to push the boundaries of fashion. But while Lowe may be a fashion icon for many, her opinion on the latest Ugg boots design highlights the importance of individuality in the world of fashion. While some may love the sequin-covered boots, others may prefer the classic design of the brand that made them famous. At the end of the day, fashion is all about personal expression and style. Whether you prefer sequin-covered boots or harem trousers, the most important thing is to feel comfortable and confident in what you wear. And with fashion icons like Daisy Lowe paving the way for individuality and self-expression in the industry, there's never been a better time to embrace your unique style and make a statement of your own.