article: (PEOPLE.com) -- While admitting again that she and Eddie Cibran made mistakes when they got together in 2009, LeAnn Rimes says there were tons of lies written about them, too -- but that the couple kept quiet for the sake of his children. "You have to really take the high road a lot of the time when you want to stand on a mountain and scream like, Why are you saying this?" the country singer, 29, said Thursday in an interview on "The Ellen DeGeneres Show." "We've always put his kids first," she added, referring to Cibran's two children from his marriage to Brandi Glanville. "We took the kids into consideration with everything that we do. Sometimes you just want to scream. But you don't. We've learned to let it go and laugh at it, at the end of the day." Rimes, who left husband Dean Sheremet for Cibran, acknowledges once again that the whole situation "could've been handled a lot better. But maybe we both didn't have the tools at the time to do it properly. But I've learned a lot ... Obviously we all make choices that lead us into a different path, here and there, and you learn from those or you don't." She added: "It obviously brought us to the place where we are now. And we're happy, and we're married. ... I think we have both come to a really good place in our lives. And right now, I'm really at peace." Rimes also addressed another familiar topic -- her weight. The singer has looked very thin in photos this year, but says she doesn't have an eating disorder. The media has been "very irresponsible calling a lot of people fat or anorexic or bulimic or whatever it may be," she said. "It seems like bullying now instead of really taking these diseases seriously that a lot of people are going through." See the full article at PEOPLE.com. © 2011 People and Time Inc. All rights reserved.
highlights: "We've always put his kids first," LeAnn Rimes said . Rimes left husband Dean Sheremet for Eddie Cibran . "We're happy, and we're married," Rimes said .
id: 4ed750169170a699f4194a589c604835c88ce450
chatgpt: Country music star LeAnn Rimes recently opened up about her controversial divorce from ex-husband Dean Sheremet and her subsequent marriage to actor Eddie Cibran. Speaking in a recent interview, Rimes defended her decision to end her marriage to Sheremet and said that her children were always her top priority throughout the whole ordeal. "We've always put his kids first," Rimes said of her family with Sheremet. "It's been a difficult journey, but we're all in a good place now." Rimes and Sheremet were married in 2002 but their relationship came under strain when Rimes met Cibran on the set of the Lifetime movie, "Northern Lights," in 2009. The actress eventually filed for divorce from Sheremet in 2010 and went public with her relationship with Cibran shortly after. Despite the criticism and backlash she faced over their affair, Rimes says she has no regrets about her marriage to Cibran. "We're happy, and we're married," Rimes said of her current relationship with Cibran. "We have a beautiful family together and we're all just loving life right now." Rimes and Cibran tied the knot in 2011 and have since collaborated on a number of musical projects together. The couple also shares custody of Cibran's two children from his previous marriage. While the pair have been open about the ups and downs of their relationship, they remain committed to making it work for the sake of their family. "We're just really honest with each other," Rimes said of her relationship with Cibran. "It's not always easy, but we're committed to each other and to our family."