article: Mothers of serving soldiers have posed for a raunchy calendar to raise money for military charities. The fundraiser was the brainchild of Karen Roper, from Stockton-on-Tees, North Yorkshire, whose 18-year-old son is in the Army. She managed to convince fellow army mothers to take part - with some being more daring than others. While their intentions are admirable, their sons and daughters may turn more-than-a-little crimson when they see their mothers posing provocatively in the calendar shots. Miss February: This mother wears a broad smile and nothing else in her shot for the charity calendar . Dare to bare: Many of the mothers, all of whom have children serving in the armed forces, opted to pose topless, like Miss November, left and Miss March, right . Serious posing: While most of the women took their photograph themselves, others seem to have gone down the professional route like Miss September . All of the mothers got involved following an appeal from Karen via Facebook and then submitted selifies or more professionally posed pictures. The woman are in various states of undress in the calendar, which will hit shelves by the end of next week. Some chose to go for a good-humoured shot, donning army camouflage, face paint and pulling funny faces - while others pout provocatively into the lens with little preserving their modesty. Money raised will go to two charities, Soldiers Off The Streets, which helps homeless ex-servicemen, and Talking2Minds, which helps veterans dealing with PTSD. Wanted to give something back: Miss October poses with a hat and cape for the charity calendar . Miss August strikes a more comical pose, left, while Miss April wears a patriotic hoodie. The calender costs £5 and will be available to buy next week, with all profits going to military charities . Calendar girls: Miss July, left, donned army camouflage and face paint, while Miss June took a pouting selfie . Rocking around the Christmas tree: Miss December took a festive approach after volunteering to take part in the project after seeing an appeal on Facebook . All for a good cause: The mother on the left was used on the cover, while pictured right is Miss May who opted for a demure look. Money raised will go to two charities, Soldiers Off The Streets and Talking2Minds . Fundraising: The calender goes on sale next week and can be bought by emailing Karen@holderprint.co.uk . Karen said: 'All the ladies taking part have sons and daughters in the Armed Forces, many of them have served in Afghanistan. 'The response was far better than I imagined and it was great the way all the mums just joined in and we have had a lot of laughs this weekend. 'Our boys and girls do so much for us, we wanted to give something back. 'Some of the mums have a military theme, others have just done nice pictures and we are going to put a military border round them.' The calendars are on sale for £5 and people can buy them by emailing Karen@holderprint.co.uk .
highlights: Mothers of serving soldiers posed for selfies or got friends to take snaps . Some opted for comical shot, while others chose a more raunchy pose . Calender put together by Karen Roper, whose 18-year-old son is in army . Costs £5 and all money raised will go to two military charities .
id: 55a268ca122bc257e3e8b6707ef331c7a8ab6b55
chatgpt: Mothers of serving soldiers in the UK have come together to raise money for military charities by posing for a calendar. The women either took selfies or asked friends to take the snaps for them, with some opting for a comical shot whilst others posed in a more suggestive manner. The calendar was put together by Karen Roper, whose 18-year-old son is currently serving in the army. She said that she came up with the idea after talking to other mothers who were also looking for ways to support military charities. The calendar is on sale for £5 and all the money raised will be donated to two military charities - Help for Heroes and Soldiers, Sailors, Airmen and Families Association (SSAFA). Roper said, "We had a fantastic response from the mothers of serving soldiers who were keen to help raise money for these two worthy charities. It was an opportunity for us to show support for our loved ones who are serving in the military, whilst also raising vital funds for those who have been injured or suffer as a result of their service". The calendar showcases a year in the lives of the mothers of serving soldiers, with each page featuring a different month and a different mum. Some of the images are playful and amusing, such as the mother posing with a toy tank while wearing a tutu. Others are more sultry, with one mother wearing a military hat and nothing else. The calendar has proved popular amongst military families and supporters, with many commenting on how much it means to them to see the mothers of serving soldiers coming together to support the military community. A spokesperson for Help for Heroes said, "We are incredibly grateful to the mothers who have come together to create this calendar. It is heartening to see the support that exists within the military community and we are honoured to be one of the charities that will benefit from the money raised". SSAFA echoed the sentiment, adding, "We know that the support of military families is crucial to the welfare of our Armed Forces. We are delighted to be involved in this initiative and are grateful for the generosity of the mothers who have contributed to it". Overall, the calendar is a great way for mothers of serving soldiers to come together and support each other, whilst also raising money for charities that help those who serve. It is a reminder that the military community is not just made up of those who wear the uniform, but also those who support them from home.