article: By . Simon Jones . Liverpool and Barcelona were inching towards an agreement for Luis Suarez on Friday night. Catalan TV stations reported that a fee of £63million was agreed with Suarez handed a five year deal that would make him their fourth highest paid player behind Lionel Messi, Neymar and Andres Iniesta. Liverpool are continuing to negotiate though and want to establish whether there is a chance of signing Alexis Sanchez. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Barcelona fans discuss the potential signing of Luis Suarez . Done deal: Luis Suarez has played his last match for Liverpool, say reports, with his move to Spain settled . On the move: Liverpool and Barcelona have agreed a £62.5million deal to secure Suarez's departure to La Liga . Controversy: Suarez's World Cup ended in disgrace when he was banned for four months after biting Italy defender Giorgio Chiellini . VIDEO Suarez to Barca talks open . Arsenal remain favourites for Sanchez but Manchester City and United have expressed interest, as have Juventus. Sanchez is flying from Santiago, Chile to . Barcelona to discuss the offers on the table. An announcement on Suarez is expected with Barcelona hoping to break the news officially on Sunday. Suarez could make a swift return to . England with Barcelona due for pre-season training at the FA's St . George's Park on July 28, although Suarez will not be able to train . under the restrictions of his four month ban. Liverpool, . meanwhile, may move on from defensive target Dejan Lovren with . Southampton insisting he is not for sale after rejecting their second . bid of £15million plus add-ons. The 24-year-old will be fined if he . fails to report to pre-season in two weeks' time but Southampton don't . wish to sell. Southampton have also rejected Cardiff’s £3m bid £3m for defender Jose Fonte . Arsenal have pipped Liverpool to the signing of HJK Helsinki goalkeeper Hugo Keto, 18, a Finland U19 international, and remain favourites for Barcelona’s Alexis Sanchez. Manchester City and United have expressed interest as have Juventus. Meanwhile, Malaga want to take Manchester City’s signing Bruno Zuculini on loan as part of the deal for keeper Willy Caballero. Villarreal and Deportivo have also asked to take him on loan. In action: Suarez is appealing his four-month footballl-wide ban . Support: Suarez shows his appreciation to the hundreds of fans who camped outside his mother's house . Wanted man: Liverpool want Alexis Sanchez from Barca but face competition from Manchester City and United .
highlights: Suarez will leave Liverpool for Barcelona after the clubs agreed terms . An official announcement is expected on Sunday . The striker is set to sign a five-year contract with the Catalan giants . Barcelona will train at the National Football Centre from July 28 to August 2 . Liverpool are keen to sign Barca's Alexis Sanchez . They face competition from Man City and Man United for the Chilean .
id: c4537a7da45a001c11577c13e89846e44b3b2e9f
chatgpt: After months of speculation, it has finally been confirmed that Luis Suarez will leave Liverpool for Barcelona. The two clubs have agreed on terms and an official announcement is expected to be made on Sunday. The Uruguayan striker is set to sign a five-year contract with the Catalan giants, and his departure from Liverpool will be felt by the Anfield faithful. Suarez was Liverpool's top scorer last season, with 31 goals in 37 appearances, and his presence will be sorely missed. However, Barcelona will no doubt be delighted with their newest signing. Suarez is considered one of the best strikers in the world, and his addition to the team will make them even stronger. It remains to be seen how he will fit in with fellow superstar forwards Lionel Messi and Neymar, but Barcelona manager Luis Enrique will no doubt relish the challenge of integrating him into the team. In addition to signing Suarez, Barcelona will also be training at the National Football Centre in the UK from July 28 to August 2. This will give them a chance to get to know their new signing and work on their tactics ahead of the upcoming season. Meanwhile, Liverpool are already looking to replace Suarez. They are reportedly keen on signing Barcelona's Alexis Sanchez, but they face stiff competition from Manchester City and Manchester United for the Chilean's signature. Sanchez was one of Barcelona's best players last season, and his versatility and goal-scoring prowess would make him a valuable addition to any team. Liverpool will no doubt be hoping that they can convince him to choose Anfield over the other options that are available to him. Overall, it has been a busy summer for both Liverpool and Barcelona. The departure of Suarez will be a blow to Liverpool, but they are already looking to move on and strengthen their team for the upcoming season. Barcelona, on the other hand, will be eager to integrate Suarez into their team and see what he can bring to the table. It promises to be an exciting season ahead for both clubs.