article: The number of men having breast reduction surgery on the NHS has over doubled since 2009, new figures reveal. Cruelly dubbed ''moobs' - or man boobs - 200 men in the last five years have been so distressed by their chests that they have undergone operations on the NHS to reduce their size, according to data which emerged during a response to a parliamentary question. Between 2009 and 2010 only 18 operations were performed on the NHS but by 2013 to 2014 the number had risen to 39. Many more procedures are believed to have been carried out privately. The number of male breast reductions performed on the NHS has doubled since 2009 . Speaking to FEMAIL, consultant plastic surgeon at the Liverpool Women's Hospital, Kevin Handcock, explains that moobs, which are technically called gynaecomastia, can occur for two reasons. 'The two types are known as 'true gynaecomastia' and 'false gynaecomastia'. 'True gynaecomastia is when a man actually develops breast tissue, and usually presents in teenagers and young adults. Occasionally it can also occur later in life as a side-effect of drugs for various conditions. 'Where as in false gynaecomastia, no real breast tissue has developed and the appearance of breasts is purely down to fat.' It is easy then, with the knowledge that the UK obesity crisis continues to get worse, to assume the rise in the number of 'moob' reductions is purely due to more overweight men developing fatty chests. Tam Fry, spokesperson for the National Obesity Forum told FEMAIL: 'Obesity is starting to get out of control in the UK. Though men still only account for one in ten plastic surgery patients, figures are rising . 'This sort of thing will only increase in the future. We will see increase in treatments of many of the other conditions associated with obesity. It is something that specialists in this area are extremely worried about.' However,  consultant plastic surgeon Kevin Handcock says this might not be the only reason for the increase. 'People are becoming more aware that there is treatment available for this,' he explains. 'Men who in the past would have suffered in silence, hiding under baggy T-shirts now feel able to come forward and do something about it.' Now that there is less stigma attached to men having cosmetic surgery, it seems we might begin to see numbers of all procedures rise, although men still only account for one in ten cosmetic procedures according to the British Association of Aesthetic Plastic Surgeons.
highlights: Figures of male breast reductions have doubled since 2009 . Last year 39 procedures were performed on the NHS . Thousands more were performed privately . Rise thought to be down to rise in obesity and lack of stigma for men .
id: 54a26e2153c4d55dee8b2fdbccd3d28a003e42cc
chatgpt: The number of male breast reduction procedures performed in the UK has doubled since 2009. This is according to data from the British Association of Aesthetic Plastic Surgeons (BAAPS), which found that last year, 39 procedures were performed on the National Health Service (NHS). However, thousands more were carried out privately. The rising trend is believed to be partially due to the increase in obesity rates across the country, something that is affecting both men and women. As obesity rates continue to rise, so too does the risk of developing excess breast tissue, which is a condition known as gynecomastia. However, experts say that the increase in the number of male breast reduction procedures being performed may also be attributed to a change in attitudes towards the surgery. In the past, there was often a stigma attached to the procedure, with many men feeling ashamed or embarrassed about seeking treatment for their condition. However, this stigma appears to be dissipating, with more men now feeling comfortable exploring their options for treatment. Commenting on the trend, Consultant Plastic Surgeon and former BAAPS President, Mr. Rajiv Grover, said: “The rise in demand for male breast reduction surgery may be attributed partly to increasing levels of obesity, but also an increasing acceptance of this particular area of surgery…Men are feeling more confident seeking treatment and the awareness of the positive outcomes that can be achieved is growing.” While male breast reduction procedures are generally considered safe, they do come with some risks, much like any surgery. These can include bleeding, infection, excessive scarring, and adverse reactions to anesthesia. Additionally, the procedure can be quite costly, especially when performed privately, which may put it out of reach for some individuals. As such, experts are urging those who are considering the surgery to do their research and to seek treatment from a qualified and experienced surgeon. They also recommend that individuals maintain a healthy diet and lifestyle, as weight gain can increase the risk of developing gynecomastia. Overall, while the rise in the number of male breast reduction procedures being performed may be concerning to some, it appears to be driven by a combination of factors, including obesity rates, changing attitudes towards the procedure, and the increased availability of treatment options. As such, it is important for individuals to make informed decisions about their health and to seek out qualified professionals if they are considering undergoing surgery.