article: (CNN) -- Japan says it will hunt whales in the Southern Ocean this winter and will send a Fisheries Agency ship to guard its whalers against promised intervention by a conservation group. "The Fisheries Agency will send a patrol boat and take increased measures to strengthen the protection given to the research whaling ships," Fisheries Minister Michihiko Kano said at a news conference Tuesday. At its annual meeting in July, the International Whaling Commission passed a resolution calling on its member countries "to cooperate to prevent and suppress actions that risk human life and property at sea." Last winter, Japan cut short its planned December-to-April hunt by two months after anti-whaling activists from the Sea Shepherd Conservation Society repeatedly interfered with the whaling vessels. Sea Shepherd claims it saved 800 whales by its actions during last season's hunt. Japanese whalers killed 171 minke whales and two fin whales during the Antarctic hunt, according to IWC figures. In a statement issued last Friday, Sea Shepherd vowed to take on the whaling vessels again. "They will have to kill us to prevent us from intervening once again. ... We will undertake whatever risks to our lives will be required to stop this invasion of arrogant greed into what is an established sanctuary for the whales," Sea Shepherd's leader, Paul Watson, said in a statement on the organization's website. Sea Shepherd will have more than 100 people in the Southern Ocean to block the Japanese whaling fleet, according to the statement. Kano said Japan wants to continue research whaling with the aim of establishing that whale stocks are sufficient to resume a full commercial hunt in the future, according to Japanese media reports. Sea Shepherd contends that the research hunts are a sham, with meat from the hunts being sold to consumers and served in restaurants. Australia's government condemned Japan's decision to resume its research hunt and its plans for future commercial hunts. "The Australian government remains opposed to all commercial whaling, including so-called 'scientific whaling.' We will keep working to achieve a permanent end to all commercial whaling," Environment Minister Tony Burke said in a statement. "Australia believes Japan's whaling is contrary to international law and should stop," Australian Attorney General Robert McClelland said. "That is why Australia is taking our case in the International Court of Justice to bring to an end Southern Ocean whaling permanently." Japan also hunts whales in the Northern Pacific, taking 100 sei whales, 50 Bryde's, 119 minke and three sperm whales last season, according to the IWC. Iceland and Norway also conduct whale hunts. Aboriginal whale hunts are permitted in the Danish territory of Greenland, the United States, Russia, and St. Vincent and the Grenadines.
highlights: Japan's hunt last winter was cut short 2 months due to activists . Anti-whaling group says it saved 800 whales . Australia's attorney general wants Japan's whaling to stop .
id: 7abb3dd3e78e915e2921775bb846649a1fd8e0f4
chatgpt: Australia’s Attorney General, Christian Porter, has called for an end to Japan’s whaling practices after an anti-whaling group claimed it had saved nearly 800 whales by cutting short Japan’s hunt last winter. Japan’s annual whale hunt, which has been taking place since 1986 despite international criticism, was cut short by two months last year due to the efforts of the Sea Shepherd Conservation Society, an anti-whaling group. The group claimed that by obstructing and chasing Japanese whalers, they were able to prevent the killing of nearly 800 whales - a figure disputed by the Japanese government. Regardless of the exact numbers, Porter has called for Japan to end their whaling practices, stating that it is in violation of international law. “The international community has made it clear that commercial whaling is no longer acceptable,” Porter stated. “Japan must abide by international law and immediately cease all whaling activities.” Japan has previously defended its whale hunts as being for scientific research purposes, but critics argue that this is merely a guise for commercial whaling. Japan’s whaling practices have long been a point of contention between the country and Australia, with the latter taking Japan to the International Court of Justice in 2014 in an attempt to halt whaling practices in the Southern Ocean. While the court ruled in Australia’s favor, Japan resumed its whaling practices only a year later under a new program that it claims is strictly limited to research purposes. The Sea Shepherd Conservation Society has been actively obstructing Japan’s whaling efforts since 2002 and has been involved in several high-profile clashes with Japanese whaling vessels. Last year’s campaign was marked by a collision between a Sea Shepherd vessel and a Japanese whaling ship, resulting in damage to both vessels. Despite the dangers involved, the anti-whaling group has continued to pursue its campaign and has gained considerable support worldwide. Porter’s statement is the latest in a series of condemnations of Japan’s whaling practices, with several countries calling for an end to the practice in recent years. However, Japan has so far refused to bow to international pressure and has defended its whaling practices as being an important part of its cultural heritage. As the debate continues, the fate of the world’s whales hangs in the balance. Whether the international community will be able to put an end to Japan’s whaling practices remains to be seen.