article: By . Jason Groves . PUBLISHED: . 12:05 EST, 17 February 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 20:52 EST, 17 February 2013 . Iain Duncan Smith has criticised unemployed graduates who consider themselves ‘too good’ for menial jobs. Geology graduate Cait Reilly won a landmark court case last week after complaining she had been subjected to ‘forced labour’ because she risked losing her benefits if she refused to do work experience at discount store Poundland. The Work and Pensions Secretary pointed out that former Tesco boss Sir Terry Leahy started his career at the retailer stacking shelves. Lashed out: Iain Dunan Smith has attacked graduates who think they are 'too good' to stack shelves . Tough talk: The Work and Pensions Secretary was speaking to Eddie Mair on the Andrew Marr Show today . In a direct rebuke to Miss Reilly, he added: ‘The next time one of these smart people that say there’s something wrong with this goes into their supermarket, ask themselves this simple question. ‘When they can’t find the food on the shelves, who is more important: Them, the geologist, or the person that stacked the shelf?’ Example: Former Tesco CEO, Sir Terry Leahy, started his career at the retailer stacking shelves . Miss Reilly, 24, is now working part-time in a supermarket. She said she did not object to menial work – simply the fact that she was not being paid. Last week’s Appeal Court ruling forced ministers to hurriedly re-write the rules surrounding a string of back-to-work schemes, and could result in compensation of more than £40million being paid to jobless claimants who had their benefits stopped for refusing to do work experience. In a defiant intervention on the BBC’s Andrew Marr show yesterday, Mr Duncan Smith made it clear he would not back down. Denying claims of ‘slave labour’, he said: ‘She was paid jobseeker’s allowance by the taxpayer to do this. 'Most young people love this programme and I am sorry but there are a group of people out there who think they are too good for this kind of stuff.’ He added: ‘I am not going to give way on this. I absolutely clearly tell you this: People who think it is their right to take benefit and do nothing for it – those days are over.’ Last week’s ruling found that the Government’s regulations failed to give the unemployed enough information, especially about the sanctions for refusing jobs under the schemes. But it rejected Miss Reilly’s claim that being forced to do unpaid work experience breached her human rights. Miss Reilly said last week: ‘I don’t think I am above working in Poundland.’ Rebuke: Mr Duncan Smith dismissed suggestions the flagship back-to-work scheme is 'slave labour'
highlights: He vows not to back down after court rules against flagship work scheme . Minister denied claims of 'slave labour' by pointing to jobless benefits . Mr Duncan Smith points out former Tesco boss used to stack shelves .
id: 3a798a897c300573c3df97db10d7f626301fc569
chatgpt: Following the recent court ruling against the government's flagship work scheme, the Secretary of State for Work and Pensions, Iain Duncan Smith, has vowed not to back down on the initiative. The scheme, which requires jobseekers to work for free or risk losing their benefits, has been deemed unlawful by the Court of Appeal. However, Mr Duncan Smith vigorously denied claims that the work scheme amounted to "slave labour", pointing out that jobless benefits were only for those who are unable to find work. In his view, such schemes were the only way to help those who were struggling to find work or who had been jobless for a long time in order to gain valuable work experience. The ruling has sparked mixed reactions from both sides of the debate. Supporters of the work programme have argued that the scheme is necessary to help people back into employment, while critics see it as exploitative and ineffective. Mr Duncan Smith dismissed these concerns, noting that the former Tesco boss, Sir Terry Leahy used to stack shelves before he rose to become the CEO of one of the UK's biggest retailers. For him, this example proves that hard work pays off and that people should be willing to put in the time and effort required to achieve their goals. Despite the court ruling, Mr Duncan Smith remains determined to push ahead with the scheme, insisting that it is one of the most effective ways of helping the unemployed find work. He acknowledged that there were still some issues that needed to be addressed, but remained optimistic that a solution could be found. Critics of the scheme argue that the government should focus on creating new jobs rather than forcing people to work for free. They say that the large companies who benefit from the scheme are exploiting vulnerable people who are desperate to find work. In response to these concerns, the government has promised to review the work scheme and consider any potential changes. Despite these reassurances, however, some remain unconvinced that enough is being done to protect the rights of the unemployed. It remains to be seen what impact the ruling will have on the government's work scheme going forward. What is certain, however, is that the debate surrounding the initiative will continue to rage on, with both sides fighting to make their voices heard.