article: By . Kerry Mcqueeney . PUBLISHED: . 06:13 EST, 16 May 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 06:56 EST, 16 May 2012 . A man who fell into deep water but pulled himself to safety died of secondary drowning a few hours later. Tommy Mollo, 60, fell off a friend's boat as he helped move it at a marina in the Long Island Sound, New Rochelle. Despite getting himself out of the water Mr Mollo, of Yonkers, N.Y., complained to his wife three hours later that he felt unwell when he returned to his apartment. Scroll down for video . Plunge: Mr Mollo fell off the boat while helping a friend at a marina (pictured) in the Lond Island Sound in New Rochelle . Drama: The 60-year-old complained of feeling unwell at his Yonkers apartment (pictured) three hours after returning home . She dialled 911 and Mr Mollo was rushed to hospital, but despite emergency treatment he died. Doctors described Mr Mollo's death as an unusual case of secondary drowning. Water that got into Mr Mollo's lungs led to breathing difficulties which could have been exacerbated by medical issues he already had, television network WABC-TV reported. Medics said the relatively rare phenomenon probably began with his self-rescue. It typically occurs when someone almost drowns - with water entering the lungs - but they survive. Dr Gabe Wilson, associate director of St Luke's-Roosevelt Hospital in New York City, told ABC news: 'Conceivably water could be inhaled while one still had the means to pull themselves out, but it would certainly be a rare occurrence as usually panic sets in by then.' The water that entered the lungs can start to cause problems rapidly, with an onset ranging from between one and 48 hours. Rare: In cases of secondary drowning, inhaling salt water - like that found in the Long Island Sound (pictured) - can more more harmful to the lungs than fresh water . Because problems develop so quickly, there is no known warning signs, which means anyone who has a near-drowning experience should still seek emergency medical advice for potential 24-hour observation. Secondary drowning can cause lung damage because water comes into direct contact with the lining cells, impeding functions like supplying oxygen and removing carbon dioxide. Damage can be especially severe when salt water is inhaled into the lungs. According to ABC News, Dr Wilson added: 'It’s conceivable that the drowning episode and lack of oxygen led to a heart problem, like a cardiac arrhythmia or a myocardial infarct (heart attack).' He added that, with prompt medical attention, secondary drownings would be survivable, . Now watch the video .
highlights: Tommy Mollo, 60, fell off a boat but pulled himself out of the water . He complained of feeling unwell three hours later . Doctors say water inhaled may have exacerbated existing health problems .
id: fd6a8140afb763ce98a2f8c448c4e20d8ad816ce
chatgpt: Tommy Mollo had a frightening experience while out on his boat recently. The 60-year-old fell into the water, but fortunately, he was able to pull himself out. However, even though he seemed fine at the time, he later began to feel unwell. When Mollo returned to shore, he didn't appear to be in any immediate danger. However, about three hours later, he started feeling poorly. He was taken to the hospital, where doctors determined that he may have inhaled some water during the fall, which ended up exacerbating some existing health issues that he had. Mollo spent several days in the hospital while receiving treatment for his condition. It's unclear what specific health issues he was dealing with prior to his boat accident or whether he's expected to make a full recovery at this time. This incident serves as a reminder of how important it is to take safety precautions while out on the water. Anyone who is planning to go boating should make sure that they have proper safety gear, including life jackets, and should always be aware of potential hazards. It's also important to keep in mind that accidents can happen even when you least expect them. Just because someone seems fine after a fall doesn't mean that they won't experience complications later on. In Mollo's case, it's fortunate that he was able to pull himself out of the water and get medical attention when he needed it. Boating can be a fun and exciting activity, but it's crucial to stay vigilant and prepared at all times. By following basic safety guidelines and knowing what to do in case of an emergency, boaters can help ensure that everyone stays safe while out on the water. As for Mollo, it's unclear whether this incident will have any long-lasting effects on his health. However, it's clear that he is grateful to have made it through the experience safely. Hopefully, other boaters will learn from his story and take steps to protect themselves and their loved ones while enjoying everything that the water has to offer.