article: Ahead of the midweek Capital One Cup quarter-finals, Sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture, with team news, provisional squads, betting odds and Opta stats. Here is all the information you need for Liverpool's trip to Bournemouth... Bournemouth vs Liverpool (Goldsands Stadium) Team news . Bournemouth . Bournemouth boss Eddie Howe will name his strongest possible XI, with a number of fringe players expected to miss out on a chance to face Premier League opposition. Striker Callum Wilson is in line to make his first for the Cherries in the Capital One Cup. Bournemouth striker Callum Wilson (left) is set to start against Liverpool on Wednesday night . Liverpool . Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers is expected to name a strong team for their Capital One Cup quarter-final at Bournemouth. Goalkeeper Brad Jones will keep his place after Simon Mignolet was dropped for the weekend defeat by Manchester United. Striker Mario Balotelli will be assessed having returned from a month out with a groin problem at Old Trafford but defender Glen Johnson misses out with a similar injury. Provisional squad: Jones, Manquillo, Toure, Skrtel, Enrique, Lucas, Allen, Henderson, Sterling, Lallana, Balotelli, Mignolet, Lovren, Moreno, Gerrard, Can, Rossiter, Lambert, Markovic, Borini. Brad Jones will keep his place in goal for Liverpool after starting against Manchester United on Sunday . Kick-off: 19.45 . Odds (subject to change): . Bournemouth 13/5 . Draw 13/5 . Liverpool 21/20 . Managers: Eddie Howe (Bournemouth), Brendan Rodgers (Liverpool) Key match stats (supplied by Opta) Bournemouth have never beaten Liverpool in a competitive match, losing three and drawing two. The Reds have scored in 14 of their last 15 League Cup quarter-final clashes (incl. replays). Liverpool have won seven and lost none of their last 10 Capital One Cup matches (in normal & extra time) against lower ranked sides. The Cherries will be making their first ever appearance in the quarter-finals of the League Cup. Dan Gosling has scored four goals and provided one assist in four League Cup games this term. Liverpool have won six of their last seven away games in the League Cup, though they lost the most recent fixture against Manchester United in September 2013 (Round 3). Bournemouth’s victory against West Brom in the previous round was their first win over a higher ranked side in 17 League Cup games (D6 L10). Indeed, they’ve conceded in each of their last 12 League Cup games against sides from a higher division.
highlights: Bournemouth host Liverpool on Wednesday, kick-off 7.45pm . The Cherries are top of the Championship after 21 games . Striker Callum Wilson is expected to start for Eddie Howe's side . Brad Jones will keep his place in goal for struggling Liverpool . Brendan Rodgers will name a strong team but Glen Johnson is ruled out . Rodgers admits that Capital One Cup is now Liverpool's priority . Glen Johnson set to be sidelined for a month due to groin injury . Mario Balotelli also misses Capital One Cup clash over groin problems .
id: 4aebc75a529ac5e89460831be5eaf25ae16ec529
chatgpt: Bournemouth are set to take on Liverpool on Wednesday, December 17th, 2014. The Cherries, who are currently sitting at the top of the Championship table after 21 games, will be looking to continue their impressive run of form against Brendan Rodgers' side. Eddie Howe's men have been in excellent form this season and will be hoping to maintain their momentum against Liverpool. Callum Wilson, who has been in top form for the Cherries, is expected to start against the Reds. Liverpool, on the other hand, have been struggling this season and are currently sitting in 9th place in the Premier League table. The Reds have failed to live up to their high standards this season, much to the frustration of their fans. Despite their recent poor form, Brendan Rodgers is expected to name a strong team for the Capital One Cup clash against Bournemouth. However, Liverpool will be without the services of Glen Johnson, who is ruled out due to a groin injury. Johnson is set to be sidelined for a month due to his injury. Liverpool will also be without the services of Mario Balotelli, who will miss the game due to groin problems. The Italian striker has struggled for form this season, and his absence will be a blow for Brendan Rodgers' side. Rodgers has admitted that the Capital One Cup has now become Liverpool's priority this season, and the Reds will be looking to make a statement against Bournemouth. However, they will need to be at their best against a confident Cherries side. Brad Jones is set to keep his place in goal for Liverpool, despite his recent poor form. The Australian goalkeeper will need to be on top of his game if Liverpool are to progress to the next round of the competition. The game promises to be an exciting encounter, with both sides looking to make their mark. Bournemouth will be looking to cause an upset and knock Liverpool out of the competition, while the Reds will be hoping to get their season back on track with a win. The game kicks off at 7.45pm and promises to be a thrilling encounter for fans of both sides.