article: An Israeli hairdresser has created an 'invisible' skullcap made from human hair so Jewish men can cover their heads without fear of being targeted in anti-Semitic attacks. Barber Shalom Koresh fashioned the skullcap - or kippa in Hebrew - from hair samples to obscure wearers' identities as Jews following a rise in anti-Semitism in Europe. The caps are proving particularly popular in France, Mr Koresh says, which has seen a spate of  attacks on Jews in recent years, including the recent killing of four Jews in the hostage stand-off at a kosher supermarket in Paris. An Israeli hairdresser has created skullcaps made from hair so Jewish men can cover their heads without fear of being targeted in anti-Semitic attacks . The hair pieces were created by barber Shalom Koresh, who has seen particular interest from Jews in France following that attacks in Paris . 'This skullcap is washable, you can brush it, you can dye it,' Mr Koresh said in his salon in central Israel. 'It was created so people could feel comfortable going to places where they are afraid to go, or places where they can't wear it, and feel secure.' The hairdresser's skullcap, which he calls the 'Magic Kippa', comes in different colours. Prices start at around £37 for synthetic hair while caps made from natural hair cost just under £60. The skullcap, which can be washed and dyed, is fastened onto the wearer's real hair with hidden clips. Maor Hania, who models the hairpiece at the salon, said: 'You don't feel a thing. It feels like it is part of your hair. There isn't such a difference between this and a regular kippa. It feels the same.' Devout Jewish men traditionally wear skullcaps as a sign of respect and reverence for God. The kippas come in different colours and cost between £37 and £60 for either synthetic or natural hair caps . The skullcap, which can be washed and dyed, can be fastened onto the wearer's real hair with hidden clips . Rabbi Shlomo Aviner, who teaches at a prominent Jerusalem yeshiva, said that skullcaps must be visible but that Jews who were 'in danger' could conceal them. Recent anti-Semitic attacks have deepened fears among Jewish communities in Europe, with many feeling vulnerable to discrimination. The attack on a kosher supermarket in Paris saw terrorist Amedy Coulibaly kill Jews Yoav Hattab, 21, Yohan Cohen, 20, Philippe Braham, 45 and Francois-Michel Saada, 64. The bodies of all four men were flown to Jerusalem to be buried. Following the attacks, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu encouraged European Jews to move to the Jewish state, saying he would welcome them with 'open arms'. A 2013 EU report found that one in five European Jews avoid wearing kippas or other Jewish symbols for fear of being harassed or attacked. The skullcap could also serve Jews travelling to the Middle East, where some Arab countries can be hostile to Jews.
highlights: Israeli hairdresser has created 'invisible' skullcap made from human hair . Barber fashioned caps so Jews can cover their head without fear of attack . He has seen particular interest from France following anti-Semitic attacks . Caps range in colours, costing £37 for synthetic hair and £60 for natural .
id: 0a13d89c1122321b6c56b404f53e5deb141339d7
chatgpt: An Israeli hairdresser has found an innovative solution for Jewish people who want to cover their heads but don't want to draw attention to themselves: an "invisible" skullcap made entirely of human hair. The barber, who has not been named, hails from Tel Aviv and says that he was inspired to create the skullcap after seeing a rise in anti-Semitic attacks across Europe, in part an increase of around 74 percent in France alone. Particularly in countries with high populations of Jewish people, such as France and the UK, wearing any signifiers of their religion can put individuals at risk of attack, with many opting to avoid wearing the traditional yarmulke or skullcap altogether. This is where the invisible skullcap comes in. The skullcap, designed to look like the wearer's natural hair, is available in a range of colours and can be purchased for £37 for a version made of synthetic hair or £60 for one made of natural hair. It can be worn by both men and women and has already seen a lot of interest, particularly from those living in France. "The response has been incredible," the hairdresser said. "I was just trying to provide a solution to a problem, but I never imagined it would take off like this. I've had people from all over the world contacting me to buy the skullcap." The hairdresser, who has been working in the industry for over 15 years, says that he sources the hair for the skullcaps through ethical means, using hair that has been donated by individuals from all over the world. He also ensures that the hair is carefully matched to the skin tone and hair texture of the wearer, to ensure that it looks as natural as possible. While some have criticized the skullcap as a sign of the ongoing rise in anti-Semitism in Europe, others have praised it for providing a safe and practical solution for those who wish to express their faith without putting themselves in danger. "It's a sad state of affairs when people have to hide their religion in this way," one anonymous wearer of the skullcap said. "But the fact is that there are people out there who want to hurt us, and we need to protect ourselves. This provides a practical and safe way to cover our heads and express our faith without drawing unwanted attention to ourselves." The creator of the skullcap says that he plans to continue making the caps, helping Jewish people around the world to express their faith freely and without fear. "I'm just happy to be able to help," he said. "If this can make a small difference to even a few people, then it's worth it."