article: (CNN) -- The father of a missing 11-year-old girl New Hampshire girl pleaded for her safe return Sunday, six days after she was last seen in her home. Local, state and federal investigators continue to look for Celina Cass, with searches being conducted "by air, by land, by water" in and around the girl's hometown of West Stewartstown, New Hampshire Senior Assistant Attorney General Jane Young said Sunday. She noted that authorities, which include FBI members, had received more than 400 leads as of early Sunday evening but, "at this point, we still have not discovered Celina." The community of about 1,000 people borders Vermont, and is also very close to the Canadian border. "We are working tirelessly to bring her home," Young said. The girl's father, Adam Laro, said Sunday that he's recovering after being recently released from the hospital -- sending a message to his girl that "Daddy is OK now, I'm getting much better." He did not detail why he had been hospitalized. He added that he, like others, is "wondering where my daughter is" and hoping she is safe. "Whenever you want to come home, Celina, Daddy will be here waiting for you," Laro said. Celina was last seen in her room, at her computer, at about 9 p.m. Monday night, according to police. WMUR reported that her parents told authorities the girl was gone when they went to wake her up Tuesday morning. Friends have set up a Facebook page, "Missing Celina Cass," with one of the fliers serving as a profile picture. According to the flier, Celina is 5 feet, 5 inches tall and weighs 95 pounds, with long brown hair and brown eyes. She was last seen wearing a pink shirt, pink pullover and blue shorts. Young said Sunday that investigators consider this a "missing persons" case. Authorities have offered few further details on the case, and an Amber Alert has not been issued. Among other pieces of potential evidence, Young has said investigators are looking at computer and phone records, trying to find clues.
highlights: Celina Cass, 11, was last seen last Monday night inside her home . Authorities have gotten over 400 leads, but still don't know where she is . Her father says: "Whenever you want to come home ... Daddy will be waiting"
id: ceb3e0db4ee07f5b159b9ceea2180c88b87ea720
chatgpt: The disappearance of 11-year-old Celina Cass has puzzled authorities and concerned her family for almost a week. Celina was last seen inside her West Stewartstown, New Hampshire home on Monday night, and her whereabouts remain unknown. Since her disappearance, more than 400 leads have been reported to the authorities, though none have led to a breakthrough in the case. The FBI has also joined the search effort, offering their expertise in locating missing persons. Celina's father, Adam Laro, has made a public plea for his daughter to return home, telling her that "whenever you want to come home... Daddy will be waiting." In a heartfelt statement to the media, Laro expressed his love for his daughter and his hope for her safe return. Celina is described as 5 feet tall, weighing around 95 pounds, with hazel eyes and blonde hair. She was last seen wearing a pink shirt, pink pullover and blue shorts. The authorities are urging anyone with information to come forward and share it, no matter how insignificant it may seem. The community of West Stewartstown has rallied together in support of Celina and her family during this difficult time. Local volunteers have joined in the search efforts, scouring the surrounding areas for any signs of the missing girl. The disappearance of children is a tragic and distressing issue that impacts entire communities, and the authorities are doing everything in their power to resolve the case as quickly and safely as possible. The search for Celina and her safe return home continues, and the authorities are urging anyone who may have information to contact them immediately. As the days pass without any new information, the community remains hopeful and steadfast in their search for Celina. But until she is found and reunited with her family, the question of her whereabouts is sure to weigh heavily on the minds of everyone involved.