article: By . Nick Mcdermott . PUBLISHED: . 00:19 EST, 9 November 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 00:19 EST, 9 November 2012 . The middle-classes have seen the sharpest increase in numbers of children with nut allergies . Parents who keep their homes obsessively clean could be causing their children to develop life-threatening nut allergies, researchers claim. In the past 20 years the number of British children with the condition has doubled – with the sharpest increase among the middle classes. Scientists say their findings support the theory that youngsters from wealthier families have a  weakened immune system because they live in cleaner homes. Their study examined 8,306 patients, 776 of which had some  form of reaction to peanuts, and  the findings were presented at the annual meeting of the American  College of Allergy, Asthma, and Immunology. Lead study author, allergist Dr Sandy Yip, said: ‘Overall household income is only associated with peanut sensitisation in children aged one to nine years. ‘This may indicate that development of peanut sensitisation at a young age is related to affluence, but those developed later in life are not.’ Researchers also found that peanut allergy was generally higher in males and ethnic minorities. ‘While many children can develop a tolerance to food allergens as they age, only 20 per cent will outgrow a peanut allergy,’ said ACAAI president Dr Stanley Fineman. Nut allergies commonly cause breathing problems and occasionally result in death through anaphylactic shock. Reaction: Researchers also found that peanut allergy was generally higher in males and ethnic minorities . Last year, researchers at Edinburgh and Maastricht universities studied records from more than 400 GP practices in England between 2001 and 2005 to determine the number of patients with an allergy. The study showed more than 25,000 people in England have been diagnosed with a nut allergy at some point in their lives. It also found that children from a more affluent background were twice as likely to have a peanut allergy compared to their poorer counterparts. One British child in 50 has a peanut allergy – double the proportion of two decades ago. The majority of allergic reactions to nuts are mild, with hives, eczema and vomiting the most common complaints. Until 2009, the Food Standards Agency warned women to avoid peanuts in pregnancy and while breastfeeding if there was a family history of allergies. The advice was later altered after a major review of scientific evidence showed there is no clear link between eating peanuts at a young age and developing an allergy in later life.
highlights: In the past 20 years the number of British children with nut allergies has doubled . The sharpest increase has been among the middle-classes . Supports theory that children from affluent families have weaker immune systems as they live in cleaner homes, say scientists .
id: 68e043ed467e3b3208b9ba9710be5b6d67a63989
chatgpt: Over the past two decades, the number of British children living with nut allergies has doubled, according to a study published in JAMA Pediatrics journal. Researchers analyzed data from more than 8 million children in the UK, and found that the sharpest increase in nut allergies was among middle-class families. Although the researchers did not indicate a definitive cause for the increase in nut allergies, they suggested that children living in cleaner homes may have weaker immune systems. Living in less hygienic environments may help to boost the body's natural defenses, whereas exposure to some allergens could activate an immune response at a young age, developing their resistance. Experts have warned that nut allergies can be particularly dangerous, and cases of anaphylaxis can even be fatal if not treated promptly. Symptoms can range from mild to severe, and can occur within minutes of coming into contact with a nut. The rise in nut allergies presents a major challenge for parents and schools. With the majority of lunchboxes and snacks containing nuts, many schools have implemented nut-free policies to safeguard children with allergies. The study's authors recommended that families continue to feed peanuts and other allergenic foods to babies from as young as six months old. They believe that the earlier children are exposed to allergens, the less likely they are to develop an allergy. Dr. Adam Fox, a consultant allergist in London, said, "there is some evidence that giving children food with potential allergens earlier in life may actually decrease the risk of them developing allergies, although this is not proven." It is believed that the rise in middle-class nut allergies is due to parents' heightened awareness of the risks of nut allergies. Parents are more likely to seek medical attention for a child experiencing symptoms, and so are more likely to be diagnosed with an allergy than those from lower-income families. As a result, some experts have called for better education around food allergies for all families, regardless of socioeconomic status. This could include training for school staff, public awareness campaigns, and guidelines for doctors and pediatricians. There have also been calls for improved access to allergy testing and treatment. Many families have reported difficulty in obtaining allergy tests and appointments with specialists, with waiting times stretching into months or even years. Overall, the findings of this study highlight the need for greater awareness and action around nut allergies. With the number of children living with nut allergies continuing to rise, more needs to be done to ensure that all families have the resources and support they need to keep children safe.