article: By . Snejana Farberov for Mail online . A New York father was charged with child endangerment after police say he left his toddler daughter alone in a hot car to go shopping. The incident took place in the parking lot of a TJ Maxx store in Selden, Long Island, Wednesday afternoon. Suffolk County police officers responded to the shopping center at Selden Plaza at around 2pm after getting a 911 call about a child locked inside a car. Father doesn't know best: Juan Pablo Aguilar Varela, 32, has been charged with endangering the welfare of a child after police say he left his 4-year-old asleep in the backseat of a hot car to go shopping . The 4-year-old girl was discovered sleeping in the backseat of her father's Mercedes Benz, which was locked and had its windows lowered only about half an inch. Temperatures in Selden were in the mid-80s at the time of the incident. It is believed that the toddler was left alone in the car for about 15 minutes. A Good Samaritan initially flagged down Dave Panebianco, with the Selden Fire Department, in the parking lot and informed him of the little girl in the backseat of a Mercedes. ‘I could see a little girl in the backseat, covered by what looked to be like a sun visor of some sort that you kind of put in the front window,’ Panebianco told CBS New York. ‘And I could see that she was breathing. And I could also see that she was kind of covered in sweat.’ First responders who were summoned to the scene were able to unlock the vehicle and remove the toddler from the backseat. Shopping trip gone awry: The little girl was spotted covered in sweat inside her father's Mercedes Benz parked outside this TJ Maxx store in Selden, NY, with its windows rolled down half an inch . Panebianco carried the child into his air-conditioned car and administered first aid for a heat emergency. She was later taken to Stony Brook University Hospital for a check-up. Police officers then entered the TJ Maxx and tracked down the child's father, identified as 32-year-old Juan Pablo Aguilar Varela. The man was arrested on a charge of endangering the welfare of a child. He is expected to be arraigned Thursday.
highlights: Juan Pablo Aguilar Varela, 32, arrested for leaving his daughter alone in a car for 15 minutes . The toddler was spotted covered in sweat in backseat of her father's Mercedes Benz parked outside TJ Maxx in Selden, NY .
id: 8eb0d0ec6322cfc328d648dde11d2eb3e96b46c9
chatgpt: A Long Island father was taken into custody after being accused of leaving his toddler alone in a hot car for 15 minutes. Juan Pablo Aguilar Varela, 32, was taken into custody by Suffolk County police and charged with endangering the welfare of a child. According to police reports, concerned citizens spotted the 2-year-old girl “covered in sweat” in the back seat of her father’s Mercedes Benz, parked outside a TJ Maxx store in Selden, New York. The concerned citizens then called the police. The officers arrived at the scene and found the toddler alone and crying along with a dirty diaper. The temperature outside was recorded at an astounding 90 degrees Fahrenheit, which is much higher than the safe temperature to leave a child in a car. After taking the child from the vehicle, police officers went to find the owner of the car, who luckily returned to the Mercedes shortly after. Varela was then taken into police custody, and his daughter was taken to a nearby hospital for a checkup. Leaving a child unattended in the car has become a major issue in the United States. According to the National Safety Council, an average of 38 children, mostly under the age of 3, die every year after being left in hot cars. In 2020, the US saw the highest number of child deaths due to vehicular heatstroke, with 20 fatalities recorded by late June. Suffolk County police officers strongly advise all motorists to remember the acronym A.C.T. – Avoid heatstroke, Create reminders, and Take action if you see someone left unattended in a vehicle. Police officers urge individuals to take responsibility for their own children, as well as to alert authorities if they see a child left alone in a vehicle. The welfare of any child should never be taken lightly. Parents and caregivers should remember to take extra precautions, especially during times of extreme heat, to ensure that their little ones are not left in hot cars to suffer. The potential consequences of such negligence can be severe and devastating, and actions of parents need to reflect that.  As for Varela, he was arraigned at the First District Court in Central Islip and released on bail, but is due back in court in the coming days.