article: By . Jenny Awford for MailOnline . She poses in hipster thick-rimmed glasses, wears flowers garlands in her hair and has more than 16,996 followers on Instagram. No this isn’t the new model or fashionista of the moment, meet Booboo the trendsetter guinea pig. The two-year-old American crested blonde became an internet sensation when Dutch owner, Megan van der Elst, decided to take some pictures of her eating grass in the garden. Scroll down for video . Trendsetter: Booboo the American-created blonde guinea pig has almost 17,000 followers on Instagram . She poses with flower garlands in her blonde hair and has been hailed the ‘world’s cutest guinea pig’ And now she has been hailed the ‘world’s cutest guinea pig’ after her pictures attracted thousands of fans. Ms Van der Elst said: ‘I love to take pictures of her. She's the perfect model, cooperative, versatile and very relaxed. Booboo is a two-year-old blonde guinea pig from the Netherlands. 'There's no special meaning behind the name, my sister came up with the name and I thought it was cute. ‘She's not that social to other guinea pigs though, I would say a spirited lady. She also doesn't walk, stays if you put her somewhere till you pick her up again. She lives with fellow guinea pigs, Titi and Tedd, in the Netherlands and loves snuggling up in a scarf . Her favourite hobbies include eating carrots, lying in her cage and posing in front of the camera . ‘She is quite spoiled and often not interested in things. I think all these things give her a strong and unique character. 'Unfortunately she can't get babies anymore, she's too old for that now. I really would like to see guinea pigs being born, it would be so cute.’ Booboo has been photographed wearing a variety of looks, including a knitted scarf, pink bunny ears and beautiful flowers garlands. She lives with two other guinea pigs, Titi and Tedd, and her favourite hobbies include eating carrots, lying in her cage and posing in front of the camera. Dutch owner, Megan van der Elst, photographed her adorable pet in a variety of comedy glasses . Ms Van der Elst said: ‘I love to take pictures of her. She's the perfect model, cooperative, versatile and relaxed' Feeling fluffy: The two-year-old guinea pig has been photographed in a number of looks, including bunny ears . Her favourite hobbies include trying to read, lying in her cage and posing in front of the camera .
highlights: Booboo the guinea pig has almost 17,000 followers on Instagram . She poses in hipster glasses and wears flower garlands in her hair . The American-crested blonde has been named 'the world's cutest guinea pig' Dutch Owner Megan van der Elst says Booboo is 'the perfect model'
id: 2a560f05ce4609b8187154212845269f2c177ff4
chatgpt: Booboo the guinea pig has become an internet sensation, with almost 17,000 followers on her Instagram account. The American-crested blonde has been named 'the world's cutest guinea pig' by her adoring fans, who can't get enough of her hipster glasses and flower garlands.  Booboo's owner, Dutch resident Megan van der Elst, says that her pet is the perfect model. "Booboo loves posing for the camera and she's incredibly patient," says van der Elst. "She'll sit still for ages while I put glasses or headbands on her. She seems to enjoy the attention and is always curious about what I'm doing."  Booboo's Instagram account features dozens of adorable photos of the guinea pig posing in various outfits and accessories, from tiny bow ties to miniature fedoras. Some of Booboo's most popular photos show her dressed up in flower crowns or wearing oversized sunglasses.  While some might find the idea of dressing up a guinea pig a little ridiculous, van der Elst says that it's all in good fun. "Booboo is like a member of the family to us," she explains. "Dressing her up is just one way we show her how much we love her."  Booboo's fame has also led to some lucrative partnerships. The guinea pig has been featured in several pet-related campaigns, and has even been offered endorsement deals for various products. Van der Elst says that she's careful to only accept partnerships that align with her and Booboo's values.  "We like to work with companies that are ethical and environmentally friendly," she says. "We want to make sure that anything we promote is something that we believe in."  Despite her internet fame, Booboo is still just a regular guinea pig. Van der Elst says that she spends most of her time snuggled up in her cage, or exploring the family's living room. "She's really quite lazy," laughs van der Elst. "But we love her all the same."  For Booboo's fans, the cute guinea pig is a source of joy and entertainment. Her Instagram account has become a go-to source for adorable animal photos, and her followers can't get enough of her antics. With her charming personality and cute outfits, Booboo is sure to remain a beloved internet star for years to come.