article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 02:36 EST, 27 February 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 07:12 EST, 27 February 2014 . Strictly Come Dancing could fall victim to a BBC mass cull as BBC bosses consider ending popular programmes such as Top Gear and The Apprentice. Former Director of Communications Ed Williams revealed his concerns that the shows are nearing the end of their ‘natural lives’. But what the replacements will be remains uncertain as he admitted the Corporation's bosses had failed to come up with a Saturday night ratings winner for years. Scroll down for video . Strictly will, over the next five to ten years, reach the end of its natural life, and new formats need to be created . He said: 'I think there’s a series of very popular formats which over the next five to ten years will reach the end of their natural lives, such as Strictly Come Dancing, The Apprentice, Dragons’ Den, Top Gear, The One Show,' the Express reported. Williams claimed BBC Chief Danny Cohen believes that those who come up with a successful format should be awarded with a higher salary. He made the comments after last year's BBC1 dance contest suffered its lowest ratings for a final for four years. Although more than 11.5million people watched Abbey Clancy as she was crowned the champion of 2013's Strictly, figures were some way behind the performance for the finale for recent years, and proved to be the lowest since 2009. BBC bosses are considering ending popular programmes such as Top Gear and The Apprentice . The figures were low compared to the previous year, when an average 12.4million watched the main programme and 11.9million watched the results show to see gymnast Louis Smith take the glory. In 2010 the figure was as high as 13million for both shows. He made the controversial comments in a new book, called Is The BBC In Crisis?, the Metro reported. Williams also used the book to warn that the best writing talent were avoiding working for the taxpayer-funded corporation because they could not offer them high salaries. He said: 'What I think is particularly challenging for the BBC is how can they make the case to get the best creative people at the BBC coming up with these ideas when, actually, if you’ve got a great idea, why take it to the BBC?', the BBC reported.
highlights: The Apprentice, Dragons' Den, Top Gear, The One Show could be cancelled . Ex BBC boss says many programmes are coming to 'end of their natural life' What will replace them unclear as BBC chiefs need to find new hits .
id: 447689cde79fb372acab93faf060f4f95bb11727
chatgpt: The future of some of the BBC's most beloved television shows has been cast into doubt, with the former BBC boss suggesting that many of them may be reaching the end of their natural life. Speaking to reporters, the former executive said that shows like The Apprentice, Dragons' Den, Top Gear, and The One Show could be facing cancellation due to their lack of longevity.  The former executive said that while these programmes have been popular with viewers for a number of years, there comes a time when they start to feel stale and no longer resonate with audiences. He added that it was important for the BBC to be able to recognise when shows have reached their end and take a risk on new programming that can capture the hearts and minds of viewers. The suggestion that these much-loved programmes could be facing the chopping block has raised concerns among fans, many of whom have been watching these shows for years. However, as the former executive pointed out, every show must come to an end eventually. The challenge for the BBC now is to find new hits that can fill the void left by these long-standing programmes. This won't be easy, especially given the vast array of content now available to viewers thanks to the rise of streaming platforms like Netflix and Amazon Prime.  The BBC's director general recently revealed plans to revamp the broadcaster's schedule, promising a new focus on "relevant, radical, and riveting" programming. With the right investment and creative thinking, there's no doubt that the BBC can find its next big hit. However, the question remains - what will replace shows like The Apprentice, Dragons' Den, Top Gear, and The One Show? There are no clear answers as yet, and it's likely that the BBC will have to experiment with a few different formats before finding one that really resonates with audiences. One possible solution may be to focus on more interactive programming, such as reality TV shows that allow viewers to vote for their favourite contestants. Alternatively, the BBC could look to create shows that are tailored to specific demographics or niches, in order to appeal to viewers who may feel underserved by traditional broadcasting. Ultimately, the cancellation of any long-running programme is always going to be a painful process for fans. However, this may be the only way for the BBC to continue to stay relevant and engaging in a rapidly changing media landscape. Whether the broadcaster can find new hits to replace these tired programmes remains to be seen, but one thing is for sure - the future of the BBC's programming schedule is going to be very interesting indeed.