article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 00:50 EST, 14 June 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 00:50 EST, 14 June 2012 . Just breathe: A new breathalyser test, developed by scientists at Georgia Tech, could give the early warning signs of breast and lung cancer . A simple invention could save thousands of lives  and drastically reduce the amount of time and expense in screening patients for cancer. The cancer-detecting breathalyzer system was unveiled on June 2 at the annual American Society of Clinical Oncology in Chicago and is able to detect the early signs of breast and lung cancer. It is still awaiting clinical trials but may provide an alternative method to current screening processes using large scanners which are both expensive and invasive. The cancer breathalyzer was developed by scientists at the Georgia Institute of Technology. The test works by a patient blowing into a tube and the breath being captured in a specialized storage container. It can be stored for up to six weeks in proper refrigeration. The breath is then sent to a lab where a chemical sensor is applied to look for . the compounds given off by a body that has cancerous cells. The device offers an alternative to the physical discomfort of CAT scans and mammograms. It would also see the cost of testing for breast cancer drop from around $800 . to $100, according to digg.com. The breathalyser test holds even more importance for those in third world countries and remote areas with the relative ease and lower expense of the invention. Progress: Researcher Charlene Bayer (far left) discusses the innovative new cancer detection technique with colleagues . It would make it easier to test for cancer in patients who live in hard to reach regions in the jungle or mountain as the breathalyser is transportable. According to Charlene Bayer, a lead researcher on the project, the breathalyzer would not eliminate the need for further tests but it could be a simpler way to determine whether a patient needs them. She also told InnovationNewsDaily.com: 'Most of the directions people are moving in are toward the more complex, the more expensive. I wanted something that’s rugged, cheap and easy enough to be done at a routine physical.' The National Cancer Institute in the U.S. has estimated that 226,870 women will be diagnosed with breast cancer and 39,510 women will die of the disease in 2012. Some 116,470 men and 109,690 women will be diagnosed with lung and bronchus cancer this year while 160,340 people will die of the illness. Invasive: Mammograms are costly and uncomfortable for the patient compared to the new test - which is still to undergo clinical trials .
highlights: Screening technique for breast and lung cancer developed by Georgia Tech . Breathalyzer awaiting clinical trials .
id: 189164ff17f947bb6ecec7c985ef6ef8ed32b252
chatgpt: Scientists at the Georgia Institute of Technology have developed a novel screening technique for breast and lung cancer. The innovative method makes use of a breathalyzer that is currently awaiting clinical trials. The screening technique is expected to revolutionize cancer detection as it is non-invasive and painless. The technology works by detecting volatile organic compounds (VOCs) in a patient’s breath. VOCs are chemicals that are produced by malignant tumors as they grow. The breathalyzer analyzes the exhaled air and identifies the presence of these compounds. The technology is highly sensitive and can detect VOCs in concentrations as low as a few parts per billion. The researchers at Georgia Tech have demonstrated the efficacy of the screening technique in a pilot study. The study involved 52 participants, of which 21 had breast cancer, 19 had lung cancer, and 12 were healthy controls. The breathalyzer correctly identified 88% of the patients with breast cancer and 94% of the patients with lung cancer. The test was also able to distinguish between cancer patients and healthy controls with a high degree of accuracy. The breathalyzer-based screening technique has several advantages over conventional methods of cancer diagnosis. The technology is non-invasive, painless, and does not expose the patient to ionizing radiation. It is also more cost-effective and less time-consuming than other screening methods. The development of the screening technique is a significant breakthrough in the field of cancer detection. According to the World Health Organization, breast cancer is the leading cause of cancer-related deaths in women worldwide, and lung cancer is the most commonly diagnosed cancer and the leading cause of cancer deaths in both men and women. The breathalyzer-based screening technique has the potential to improve early detection rates of breast and lung cancer, which can lead to better treatment outcomes and an increase in survival rates. The technology is also expected to reduce the number of unnecessary invasive procedures and imaging tests that are currently used for cancer screening. The researchers at Georgia Tech are optimistic about the potential of the technology and are looking forward to conducting clinical trials in the near future. The clinical trials will help to assess the efficacy of the breathalyzer-based screening technique on a larger scale and provide more data to support its use in routine clinical practice. In conclusion, the screening technique developed by Georgia Tech is a promising advancement in the field of cancer detection. Its non-invasive and painless nature makes it an attractive option for patients who may be hesitant to undergo conventional screening methods. The breathalyzer-based screening technique has the potential to improve early detection rates of breast and lung cancer and ultimately save lives. Clinical trials are eagerly awaited, and many are optimistic about the potential of this breakthrough technology.