article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . A 13-year-old boy who was trying to change a flat tire alongside a Tennessee highway has died after being struck by a hit-and-run driver. Tennessee Highway Patrol Sgt. Bill Miller says Clifton Braunwalder, of Lascassas, died on Thursday after he and his mother, Sondra Braunwalder, 47, were both struck down by a passing car. The two were on Interstate 24 under the Sam Ridly Parkway overpass in Smyrna, switching the tires on their Chevrolet Cavalier, when a 2003 Oldsmobile Alero lost control while changing lanes. The car veered off the road and struck Clifton and his then mother. Tragic: Clifton Braunwalder, 13, was helping his mother change a tire on the side of a highway in Smyrna, Tennessee, when a car lost control and ran into them. Clifton died in hospital. The driver did not stop. Charged: Tina L. Wilson, 33, was arrested Friday in connection to the hit and run death of Clifton Braunwalder. Police were able to find Wilson because a witness to the incident followed her home . Scene: Wilson's car is alleged to have struck Clifton Braunwalder and then hit Sondra S. Braunwalder, 47, Clifton's mom, before fleeing the scene . The car didn't stop and kept driving. The two victims were taken to hospital, where Clifton was pronounced dead. His mother suffered non-life threatening injuries, according to WSMV. 'Our hearts and prayers go out to her. She witnessed this,' Sgt Miller said. 'Their mother . witnessed this. 'They lost a family member due to a driver not exercising . full control.' A Good Samaritan who witnessed the hit and run followed the car involved to Davidson Country and contacted police. Tina L. Wilson, 33, was arrested at her Murfreesboro home on Friday . morning on charges of vehicular homicide and aggravated vehicular . assault. She was booked into the Rutherford County jail and was released early . Friday morning on bond, before she was arrested again Friday around 7 . am. Her second arrest is likely to have been spawned by the return of toxicology reports, however police have not yet said if Wilson's charges have been changed. Clifton Braunwalder was home-schooled by his mother but a very active member of the area, regularly attending church, Scouts and playing football . The family were driving from their Lascassas home to Nashville to hear a speaker when the incident occurred on Thursday . A vigil was organized at the Braunwalder family church, St. Rose of Lima . Catholic Church in Murfreesboro, on Thursday night to remember Clifton. 'His family was a home school family, yet they were . very involved in the parish here - Knights of Columbus, Heart of Mary, . Boy Scouts – you name it, the Braunwalders did it,' said Julie Manke, a . family friend. The Braunwalders were driving from their Lascassas home to Nashville to hear a speaker. 'They were such a renaissance family, very talented in a lot of ways,' said Manke. 'The whole parish is devastated.' WSMV Channel 4 .
highlights: Accident happened Thursday on Interstate 24 in Smyrna, Tennessee . Clifton Braunwalder, 13, was helping his mother Sondra Braunwalder, 47, change a tire . A car that was changing lanes is said to have lost control and hit them both . Clifton died but his mother survived . A witness to the crash followed the driver back to her home . Tina L. Wilson, 33, was then arrested and charged with vehicular homicide and vehicular assault .
id: e180d23561d52e41648115f42e0f028b9a3a07e2
chatgpt: Tragedy struck in Smyrna, Tennessee on Thursday when a mother and her son were hit by a car on Interstate 24. According to reports, Sondra Braunwalder, 47, was driving with her 13-year-old son, Clifton, when they were forced to pull over and change a tire. As they struggled to complete the task, a car changing lanes lost control and slammed into them both. While Sondra Braunwalder survived the accident, her son Clifton tragically died at the scene. The driver of the other vehicle, later identified as Tina L. Wilson, 33, immediately fled the scene of the accident. However, a witness to the crash tailed her back to her home, where she was promptly arrested and taken into custody. She has since been charged with vehicular homicide and vehicular assault, as her reckless driving resulted in the death of Clifton Braunwalder. This tragic incident has left the Smyrna community reeling, as they mourn the loss of a young life and extend their sympathies to the Braunwalder family. Clifton was described as a bright and energetic young man who excelled in his academic pursuits and was beloved by all who knew him. His loss is a devastating blow to his family and friends, who have been left to grapple with the suddenness and finality of his passing. The circumstances of the accident have also prompted outrage among residents of Smyrna, who are calling for stricter enforcement of traffic laws and harsher penalties for reckless driving. Many are expressing frustration with the frequency of accidents on I-24 and other highways in the area, and are urging officials to take action to make the roads safer for everyone. As for Sondra Braunwalder, she remains in the hospital recovering from her injuries, but is said to be in stable condition. Her husband and remaining family members are rallying around her in this difficult time, providing support and comfort as she grieves the loss of her son. Meanwhile, Wilson is facing serious charges for her role in the accident, and will likely face a lengthy prison sentence if found guilty. Her reckless and careless driving not only cost a young boy his life, but has brought immeasurable pain and suffering to an entire community. As Smyrna mourns the loss of Clifton Braunwalder, many are left wondering when this cycle of tragedy and heartbreak on the highways will finally come to an end. It is a question that officials and lawmakers must grapple with in the coming days and weeks, as they work to prevent further senseless loss of life on Tennessee's roads.