article: Hard-line Christian reality TV star Phil Robertson took a religious stance on ISIS in an interview Tuesday, while failing to concede that his solution looks eerily like the Islamist group's. 'Convert them or kill them,' Robertson told Fox News on Tuesday after Sean Hannity asked for the Duck Dynasty patriarch's take on the group currently waging a religious war across the Middle East. While the Millionaire duck hunter neglected to consider the irony of his words, he did suggest that only one of the possibilities would likely work. 'Convert them or kill them': Phil Robertson takes radical stance on radical Islam but fails to acknowledge his solution sounds like the religious war being waged by ISIS . 'At war with us': Robertson's take on ISIS came as he was interviewed by Sean Hannity on Fox just hours after the US authenticated the second video of an American beheading by ISIS . '[Converting them} I think would be next to impossible,' admitted the 68-year-old. Robertson called the terror group 'street thugs on steroids,' during the Fox interview which came as the Louisianan tours the country to drum up publicity for his new book unPHILtered, which came out Tuesday. Robertson's Fox appearance came just hours after US officials verified the authenticity of Steven Sotloff's beheading--the second such horrific video made by ISIS militants. Robertson quoted the Bible, as he often does, in the interview. He did the same thing in an earlier ABC News interview as he defended himself in the wake of criticism for controversial stances on gays and African-Americans. 'I'm as much of a homophobe as Jesus was,' Robertson said. 'The people who are participating in homosexual behavior, they need to know that I love them.' 'I'm as much of a homophobe as Jesus was': Robertson had just given an interview to ABC in which he compared himself to Jesus while defending himself for his controversial stance on gay people . unPHILtered: Robertson is currently drumming up publicity for his new memoir, unPHILtered . He also addressed controversial remarks he's made about blacks. 'There's one race on this planet. It's called the human race,' he told ABC. 'We're all the same. To me, there is absolutely nothing that has color to do with it.' Robertson was on Fox, in part, to give his take on matters of massive global importance like ISIS, he's not one to follow the news--at least not if it involves using internet. ‘I don't own a cell phone. I've never turned on a computer in my life,’ he said this week. While the admission doesn't give the controversial man much credibility on matters of state, it does allow him to enjoy his millions with his peace of mind intact. ‘So whatever America is saying or not saying about me, true or untrue, what they need to understand is I'm not hearing it,' he continued.
highlights: Hard-line Robertson says it's Jesus or death for radical terror group . Millionaire Louisiana duck hunter made his remarks on just hours after US verified authenticity of second American beheading video . His words came in response to Fox interviewer Sean Hannity, who said ISIS is 'at war with us'
id: 18c6fb234880292b583e37e3b49263ccb5ab3667
chatgpt: Millionaire Louisiana duck hunter, Phil Robertson, has spoken out against the radical terror group ISIS, saying that they must choose between Jesus or death. His remarks came in response to Fox interviewer Sean Hannity's statement that ISIS is "at war with us." Robertson is known for his hard-line views and strong Christian faith. He became famous for his role on the reality TV show "Duck Dynasty," which followed his family's lives and their successful duck hunting company. In an interview with Hannity on Tuesday, Robertson discussed the recent beheadings of two American journalists by ISIS. He said that the group was "pure evil" and that they must be "eliminated." "They need to convert to Christianity, or they need to be eliminated," Robertson said. "We don't need to be letting them in our country, that's for sure. We need to protect ourselves." Robertson's comments come just hours after the US government verified the authenticity of a second video showing the beheading of an American journalist by ISIS. The video, which was released on Tuesday, showed journalist Steven Sotloff being killed by a member of the group. Hannity agreed with Robertson's sentiments, saying that the US is "at war" with ISIS and that they must be stopped. "We can't let these guys continue to do what they're doing," he said. "We have to take the fight to them." The comments drew praise from many on social media, including some who praised Robertson for his "brave" stance against radicalism. Others, however, criticized the millionaire for his views, saying that they were simplistic and unhelpful in the fight against terrorism. One Twitter user wrote: "Phil Robertson is a lunatic. Saying that people should convert to Christianity or be killed is not helpful in the fight against ISIS." Robertson has been a controversial figure in the past, having been suspended from "Duck Dynasty" in 2013 after making comments about homosexuality. He was reinstated by the show's network a few days later, however, after fans and supporters rallied to his defense. Despite the controversy, Robertson's remarks have once again put him in the spotlight as a hard-line Christian who is unafraid to speak his mind. Whether or not his views on ISIS will gain traction among policymakers and the American public remains to be seen, but one thing is clear: his voice will be heard.