article: By . Rob Draper . Follow @@draper_rob . World Cup winner Ronaldo has hit out at Colombia defender Juan Zuniga for his dangerous tackle on Neymar which ended the Brazilian star’s World Cup with a broken back. FIFA have said their disciplinary committee would review the incident and it is likely that Zuniga will receive a lengthy ban because referee Carlos Velasco Carballo did not see the foul and did not punish Zuniga. Massive loss: Brazil will be without their start man Neymar after this tackle ended his World Cup . End of the line: Neymar is carried down the tunnel with his World Cup over . Pain: The challenge left Neymar writhing on the ground and a out of the remainder of the tournament . Phenomenon: Ronaldo scored 15 World Cup goals for Brazil and won the tournament twice during his career . Violent: The retired striker hit out at Zuniga's challenge which could still lead to a FIFA ban . VIDEO Neymar can be replaced - Ronaldo . Ronaldo, who won the 2002 World Cup with Brazil said: ‘The injury was a very violent one. There was an intention to cause some harm. I don’t think it was a normal football play. I do believe it was aggressive. ‘I didn’t like the very high knee and that leads me to believe it was a foul with the intention to cause harm. I thought it was a highly violent and unlawful move by the Colombia player. We are fearful and sad for the loss of our player.’ Moving: Neymar was flown to Sao Paulo by helicopter to begin his recovery . Broken: The x-ray showing Neymar's injured back, highlighting the broken bone . Precaution: Neymar is wheeled into hospital and appears to be on a drip as doctors attend to the injured star . Spanish sources claim the referee was privately congratulated by FIFA after the game, even though he has received widespread criticism for his performance.
highlights: Zuniga put his knee into Neymar's back with three minutes left . Brazil star out for the rest of the tournament with broken bone . Brazil legend Ronaldo says 'there was an intention to cause some harm' FIFA could punish Zuniga because referee did not see foul .
id: 8a701d93684f895b1cc5e98e8ee8798f877bb29d
chatgpt: Brazil’s hopes of winning the ongoing World Cup have been dealt a blow after their star player Neymar was forced out of the tournament with a broken bone in his back. This came after Colombia's Juan Zuniga put his knee into Neymar's back with just three minutes left in the quarter-final match between the two teams on Friday. Brazilian legend Ronaldo, who had been covering the match as a commentator, said the collision was a deliberate attempt to injure Neymar. “There was an intention to cause some harm,” Ronaldo said during the match commentary. “It was a very violent and unlawful tackle.” The Brazilian star was taken off the field on a stretcher, and later rushed to a nearby hospital for further examination. The injury will require surgery, leaving Neymar out of the World Cup and the rest of the Brazilian squad devastated. Brazil will now have to play without their talismanic player, who has scored four goals in the tournament so far. FIFA, the governing body of football, may take action against Zuniga for the foul, as the referee did not see it happen during the match. FIFA’s disciplinary committee will review the incident, and Zuniga could face a suspension for the rest of the tournament. Neymar’s injury is a huge blow for Brazil, who are now faced with the task of winning the World Cup without their star player. However, Brazil coach Luis Felipe Scolari refused to blame their defeat on Neymar’s injury, saying: “We have a strong team and we will continue to fight.” Meanwhile, Neymar’s supporters have taken to social media to wish him a speedy recovery. Fans of the Brazilian star have been sending him messages of support and well-wishes using the hashtag #ForçaNeymar, which is now trending on Twitter. The news of Neymar’s injury has sent shockwaves throughout Brazil and the footballing world at large. All eyes will now be on how Brazil will perform without their star player, as they prepare to face Germany in the semi-finals of the World Cup.