article: Chelsea chiefs have met supporters in a bid to improve the atmosphere at Stamford Bridge, with proposals for designated singing sections and individuals to lead the songs. Jose Mourinho complained last month that it was like playing in ‘an empty stadium’ and, though he apologised, the issue is being taken seriously in the boardroom. After meeting supporters’ groups over the last month to canvass opinions, chairman Bruce Buck presented some of the ideas to the club’s fans’ forum in a meeting at the Bridge. Jose Mourinho said it was so quiet during the win over QPR that it was like playing at an empty stadium . Fans in the Matthew Harding Stand are acknowledged to be the rowdiest at Stamford Bridge . Stamford Bridge attracted a full house for the visit of  QPR, but Mourinho was unhappy with noise levels . Manchester United introduced a permanent singing section at Old Trafford in April 2014. It was brought about to improve the atmosphere, following trials in their matches against Real Sociedad (on October 23) and Fulham (on February 9). United's official website explained a singing section is designed to 'promote increased competition between the home and away fans'. Chelsea want to trial a new singing section in the Shed End, which is shared with away supporters, in the hope it will spark more noise from other parts of the ground. They also want to give individuals responsibility for leading the singing. The noisiest Chelsea fans are usually at the other end of the ground in the Matthew Harding Stand, and another idea is to move away fans and create a second large groundswell of vocal support in the Shed End. Away fans used to sit behind the dug-outs in the lower East Stand but Mourinho complained in his first spell at the club that they were too close to him and could easily influence the linesman and fourth official. Chelsea may even consider moving the dug-outs across the pitch if the away fans are moved back and the manager is unhappy. Such problems are by no means limited to Chelsea. Many grounds, including some famed for their passionate atmosphere, have been hit by the changing demographic of match-going fans in the Barclays Premier League era and the increasing corporate sector. Chelsea supporters teased their manager during the game immediately after his comments, chanting: ‘Jose, give us a song’. Chelsea fan groups were angered by Mourinho's comments, but the club appears to be taking action . Chelsea fans wave flags at Stamford Bridge on their way to a Europa League win over PSG .
highlights: Blues chiefs wish to introduce the proposals after Jose Mourinho claimed it was like playing in 'an empty stadium' last month . Chelsea want to trial a new singing section in the Shed End, which is shared with away supporters . They also want to give individuals responsibility for leading the singing . The noisiest Chelsea fans are usually at the other end of the ground in the Matthew Harding Stand . Another idea is to move away fans and create a second large groundswell of vocal support in the Shed End .
id: d751db8f2069e59a3988bd610898b8de292b2dbb
chatgpt: Chelsea Football Club is looking at ways to address the issue of the team's lack of vocal support at home games, with several proposals being considered by the club's management. The move was prompted by recent comments made by Jose Mourinho, who claimed that playing at Stamford Bridge felt "like playing in an empty stadium" during Chelsea's drab 0-0 draw against Manchester United last month. One of the proposals being put forward by the club is the introduction of a new singing section in the Shed End of the ground. This section is currently shared with away supporters, which means that Chelsea fans are unable to generate much noise in that area of the stadium. The club is hoping that by designating a section of the Shed End solely for Chelsea supporters, they will be able to create a more vibrant and vocal atmosphere on match days. Part of the plan for the proposed singing section involves giving individual fans responsibility for leading the singing. The hope is that by putting one or two vocal and enthusiastic supporters in charge, they will be able to lead the rest of the crowd in creating a wall of sound that will be both intimidating and supportive for the team. Another suggestion being considered is to move away fans to a different area of the stadium, creating a second large swell of vocal support in the Shed End. Currently, the noisiest Chelsea fans are located at the other end of the stadium in the Matthew Harding Stand, and the club is hoping to create a similar atmosphere in the Shed End. Chelsea's decision to take action to improve the atmosphere at home games has been praised by fans and commentators alike. Many supporters have expressed their frustration at the lack of atmosphere at Stamford Bridge, with some blaming the club's success in recent years for the lack of vocal support. However, others have argued that Chelsea fans have traditionally been among the most vocal in the country, and that something needs to be done to reclaim that reputation. Speaking about the proposals, a Chelsea spokesperson said: "We are always looking at ways to improve the match day experience for our fans, and creating a more vibrant and vocal atmosphere is a key part of that. We are currently considering a number of proposals, including the introduction of a new singing section, and we will be seeking feedback from our fans before making any final decisions." Overall, the proposals being considered by Chelsea to improve the atmosphere at Stamford Bridge are a positive step for the club and its supporters. By designating a specific area for vocal fans, and by giving individuals responsibility for leading the singing, the hope is that the team will be able to create a more intimidating and supportive environment for visiting teams, while also giving their own players a boost.