article: Jack Wilshere will see a specialist next week to determine the extent of the damage to his left ankle. The Arsenal midfielder limped off with damaged  ligaments sustained in a tackle with Paddy McNair during Saturday's defeat by Manchester United. Wenger has revealed Wilshere will be 'out for a while' but says the final prognosis will not be set until he sees a specialist. VIDEO Scroll down to watch -  Arsene Wenger: Welbeck and Wilshere out of Dortmund clash . Jack Wilshere receives treatment from Arsenal physio Colin Lewin following a tackle from Paddy McNair . McNair caught the Englishman on his ankle and it is feared he could have a lengthy spell out of the team . Wilshere suffered ligament damage to his left ankle in the 2-1 defeat by Manchester United . 'I cannot give you any time schedule there because he will be out for a while and he has to see a specialist next week to see how long he will be out. We don't know at the moment,' said Wenger at Tuesday afternoon's press conference. 'He has a big ankle sprain and I don't want to talk about it because I am not a specialist medically. 'The first news is they have told us that he will be out for the next few games. [To find out] for how long, we will need to see a specialist.' Meanwhile, Wenger has confirmed Laurent Koscielny will be included in the squad to face Dortmund. The France defender has been out for two months with an achilles injury but is set to feature and Wenger believes his return will boost the Gunners' rearguard, which was brutally exposed by United on the break. 'He's in the squad for tomorrow. It's very good news because he was out for a while now and we are short in numbers defensively. It's good to have his quality back,' said Wenger. Click to Like our Arsenal Facebook page. Laurent Koscielny, pictured training alongside Mathieu Flamini (left), is back in Arsenal's squad . Olivier Giroud (fourth left) is returning to full fitness after a lengthy spell on the sidelines through injury . Arsene Wenger gives the thumbs up at Arsenal's London Colney headquarters on Tuesday morning .
highlights: Wilshere is facing another spell on the sidelines through injury . He limped off against Manchester United with damaged ankle ligaments . Arsenal star will see a specialist next week to determine extent of damage . Laurent Koscielny will be in Arsenal's squad to face Borussia Dortmund .
id: 536a4ef6f3ed6a295463a48105d5cfdb101f722a
chatgpt: Arsenal midfielder Jack Wilshere is set to endure yet another spell on the sidelines through injury following a collision that resulted in ankle ligament damage during their midweek encounter with Manchester United. The 28-year-old, who has had a career riddled with injuries, had to limp off the pitch just 45 minutes into the match, causing concern for both him and his team. Wilshere is set to see a specialist next week to assess the extent of the damage, and early reports suggest it could be another long-term absence for the Arsenal star. The midfielder has already missed numerous games this season through various injuries, having finally returned to the Arsenal squad after a year-long loan to Bournemouth. The injury comes at a difficult time for Arsenal, who are struggling to find their form in the Premier League, currently sitting in 11th place behind the likes of Aston Villa and Leeds United. The Gunners' performance against Manchester United was lacklustre, with Wilshere's injury compounding the team's woes. Arsenal will be hoping for positive news from the specialist review, but if Wilshere is out of action for an extended period, it will undoubtedly be a setback for Mikel Arteta's team. In more positive news for Arsenal, centre-back Laurent Koscielny could be in the squad for their upcoming match against Borussia Dortmund. Koscielny was suffering from a back injury, leading to him missing their previous matches. His return to the squad will be a welcome boost for Arsenal at the back, who have struggled with their defensive performances lately. Arsenal will be hoping to turn the tide and end their poor form with a win over Dortmund. Their opponents, however, sit at the top of their group with two wins in two games, including a 4-0 thrashing of Atletico Madrid. The Gunners, meanwhile, have struggled in their Europa League campaign so far, picking up one point from two games. It remains to be seen how long Wilshere will be out of action, but the injury will undoubtedly be a blow to both him and Arsenal. The team will be looking to bounce back from their poor display against Manchester United and secure a much-needed win over Dortmund. The return of Koscielny will be a timely boost, but the Gunners will need to up their performance if they are to take full points.