article: Yaya Toure has again thrown his future into doubt by claiming he doesn't know if he will still be a Manchester City player next season. But manager Manuel Pellegrini was quick to dismiss talk of a transfer at a press conference on Friday, insisting the 31-year-old was fully committed to the club. The current African Player of the Year joined the Premier League champions from Barcelona back in 2010 and has enjoyed considerable success at the Etihad Stadium. Yaya Toure has claimed that he doesn't know if he'll be a Manchester City player next season . The former Barcelona man was talking to CNN while on international duty with the Ivory Coast . Toure gives his acceptance speech after winning the 2014 African Player of the Year award . But over the last year the relationship between player and club has appeared strained, with the Ivorian reportedly unhappy by City's forgetfulness with regards to his birthday. And while that incident was dismissed by all involved, Toure has again made some telling remarks regarding his situation. When asked by CNN if he wanted to stay at the club, he said: 'That's a big question and that's an easy question as well, and you have an easy answer... we'll see. 'I don't know (if I'll stay). I'm at City. City is a great club where I've achieved lots of things.' Toure endured a difficult year off the pitch after his brother Ibrahim tragically died and the Ivorian said that, despite his success with the club, 2014 had been 'a horrible year'. Toure celebrates after scoring for City against Sunderland at the Etihad Stadium . City manager Manuel Pellegrini said Toure was totally committed to the club . French full backs Gael Clichy and Bacary Sagna train ahead of the match against Arsenal, their former team . One ex-Gunner who won't be involved is Samir Nasri, who has picked up an injury ahead of the clash . Strikers Edin Dzeko and Stevan Jovetic arrive at training on Friday . Manchester City captain Vincent Kompany (left) and winger Jesus Navas (right) in training on Friday . David Silva, arguably City's most important player this season, trains ahead of the Arsenal clash .
highlights: Yaya Toure revealed he isn't sure if he will be at Manchester City next year . The Ivorian midfielder joined the club from Barcelona back in 2010 . Toure said he just wanted to be happy after 'a horrible year' Click here for Manchester City transfer news .
id: 9c648aacbfc968466f5d137d002e759f1680aac7
chatgpt: Manchester City's Ivorian midfielder Yaya Toure has revealed that he is uncertain about his future at the club. Toure joined Manchester City from Barcelona back in 2010, and has been a key player for the squad ever since. However, after a difficult year, Toure stated that he wants to be happy and is not sure if that will be possible with Manchester City. The 37-year-old midfielder had a difficult year in 2020, where he struggled to find playing time under manager Pep Guardiola. Toure had only featured in 10 games before the season was interrupted by the COVID-19 pandemic. Despite this, Toure has not lost his desire to continue playing and still believes he can compete at the highest level. Speaking in an interview, Toure stated that he was unsure whether he will remain at Manchester City next year. He cited the need to be happy and fulfilled as his reasons for wanting to possibly move on. Toure also expressed the importance of playing time as he discussed his potential future with the club: "I just want to be happy, and if that means leaving Manchester City, then that's what I'll do. I still have a lot to offer on the pitch, and I want to be playing regularly. If that can't happen at City, then we'll have to see what other options are out there." Toure's comments have sparked rumors of a potential transfer, with several clubs rumored to be interested in signing the experienced midfielder. However, he has yet to decide on his next move and is currently focused on training and preparing for the upcoming season with Manchester City. Despite the uncertainty surrounding his future, Toure still remains a key member of the Manchester City squad, and fans will hope to see him on the pitch next season. With his experience and talent, Toure could help guide Manchester City to more success in the Premier League and beyond. In the meantime, fans can keep up-to-date with Manchester City transfer news and potential new signings as the club prepares for the upcoming season.