article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 09:10 EST, 24 March 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 11:59 EST, 24 March 2013 . Millions of people will this week share in the grief of a couple whose six-day-old son died during the filming of a television documentary. Brave parents Hayley Jackson and Pete Heseltine agreed to appear on Channel 4 documentary One Born Every Minute to raise awareness of baby Kaiden's illness, a rare condition called Congenital Diaphragmatic Hernia, which makes it nearly impossible to breathe unaided. Doctors in Leeds battled to save the tiny baby before deciding to turn off his life support machine, in July last year. Hayley Jackson, 27, lost her six-day-old baby Kaiden to a rare condition called Congential Diaphragmatic Hernia. She agreed to appear on Channel 4's One Born Every Minute to raise awareness of the disorder . Speaking to the Daily Star Sunday ahead of the programme this Wednesday, Hayley, 27, said: 'It was heartbreaking. We were by Kaiden's side the whole time. It was very soul destroying.' The parents were first told something was wrong at Kaiden's routine 20-week pregnancy scan, when doctors said the baby's heart and lungs were not in the right place and told Hayley to consider having an abortion. But the prospect of having her child induced was too much to bare and the couple decided to carry on with the pregnancy. Husband Pete Heseltine, 25, told the documentary of the couple's soul-destroying loss and said they would try for more children . They were told their son would have to be born at Leeds General Infirmary so he could receive specialist treatment. It was then that Channel 4 approached the couple and asked if they could follow Kaiden's progress. Hayley said: 'They knew from the start it could go one way or the other. Through the whole thing we tried to remain positive. I did not want to look at what could happen. I just tried to black it out.' Doctors at Leeds General Infirmary advised Hayley to have an abortion but she says she couldn't bare to go through with it . Pete, 25, said: 'It was very upsetting at the time but I had to be strong for Hayley. It was a bit weird having the cameras there because it was not the best experience for them to be filming but we wanted to raise awareness of the condition and get the message out there.' The couple say they are now considering having more children. More than 9,000 people have signed a petition to support charity CDH UK, asking MPs for more funding to research the condition.' The documentary airs on Channel 4 on Wednesday on Channel 4 at 9pm.
highlights: Tiny Kaiden, aged just six days, suffered from rare disorder of the diaphragm . Parents Hayley Jackson, 27, and Pete Heseltine, 25, share grief . They agreed to the documentary in order to raise awareness of condition .
id: 0743906444691321bc6ed13f107f7c7a63f107a3
chatgpt: Tragedy struck Hayley Jackson and Pete Heseltine just six days after the birth of their son, Kaiden. The newborn was diagnosed with a rare disorder of the diaphragm that affects just one in every 2,500 babies. The condition, called congenital diaphragmatic hernia (CDH), occurs when the diaphragm fails to form properly, allowing organs from the abdomen to move into the chest cavity and crowd the heart and lungs. CDH is a life-threatening condition that often requires immediate medical intervention. Hayley and Pete were devastated by the news that their son had CDH. They were hopeful, however, that if Kaiden received quick and effective treatment, he could overcome the disorder. Unfortunately, despite the best efforts of doctors, Kaiden passed away just 13 days after his birth. Despite their grief, Hayley and Pete decided to share their story with the world in hopes of raising awareness about CDH. They agreed to participate in a documentary that would detail their experience and highlight the importance of early diagnosis and treatment for CDH. CDH is a condition that is often misunderstood and misdiagnosed. Many parents are unaware of the disorder and may not recognize the signs and symptoms in their newborns. Unlike other birth defects, CDH may not be apparent immediately after birth, and some babies may not show any symptoms at all. Symptoms of CDH can include difficulty breathing, rapid or irregular breathing, a bluish tint to the skin, and a bulge in the chest or abdomen. If left untreated, CDH can lead to respiratory distress, heart failure, and even death. Early diagnosis and treatment are crucial for babies with CDH. Treatments can include surgery to repair the diaphragm and relocate any displaced organs. Some babies may also require oxygen therapy or mechanical ventilation to help them breathe. Hayley and Pete hope that by sharing their story, more parents will become aware of CDH and be able to recognize the signs and symptoms in their own newborns. They also hope to raise funds for research into the causes and treatments of the disorder. CDH is a devastating condition that affects thousands of babies every year. It is important for parents to be aware of the disorder and to seek medical attention immediately if they suspect their child may be affected. With early diagnosis and effective treatment, babies with CDH can have a better chance of surviving and thriving.