article: A British woman has died and an anaesthetist has been charged with manslaughter after performing a caesarean section while she was suspected of being drunk. The woman's first child, a boy, was delivered safely in France last Friday, but his 28-year-old mother was taken to hospital in a coma and never recovered. She died on Tuesday. The Belgian anaesthetist, 45, is said to have admitted to having a long-standing problem with alcohol and would carry 'vodka in a bottle of water'. A British woman has died after having a caesarean section in France, which has led to her anaesthetist being charged with her manslaughter (file picture) She is alleged to have inserted a tube from a ventilating machine into the patient's oesophagus instead of her windpipe. The patient was then starved of oxygen and suffered cardiac arrest. When questioned on Tuesday the female anaesthetist was found to have 2.16g of alcohol per litre of blood – the equivalent of four bottles of wine. The legal driving limit in the UK is 0.8g/litre. She faces a maximum of five years in prison. A French judge has put her under official examination – the equivalent in Britain of being charged – for 'aggravated manslaughter caused by the manifest and deliberate violation of the obligation of care and safety', The Guardian reported. Local prosecutor Jean-Christophe Muller said it became clear after the boy was delivered that his mother was in pain and required more pain killers. After more was administered the woman began having difficulties breathing and the anaesthetist put her on an artificial respirator, before she was taken to hospital. French prosecutor Jean-Christophe Muller said the woman had admitted drinking 'significant amounts of alcohol every day' and that she would carry vodka in a bottle of water . Mr Muller told the Guardian: 'During questioning she admitted she drank significant quantities of alcohol every day. She would carry vodka in a bottle of water.' He said the anaesthetist admitted she drank alcohol every day and that when she was called upon to assist with the caesarean, she had been at a concert and cocktail party. Mr Muller added: 'There are some very serious elements to make us think she had drunk excessively that evening.' Neither the anaesthetist or the deceased woman have been named.
highlights: A British woman, 28, died days after giving birth to her first child . Her Belgian anaesthetist has been charged with her manslaughter . She is said to have admitted having a long-standing alcohol problem .
id: 68ce5ac00d0c266dd5dea96ec3ad64ccff0a6b00
chatgpt: A tragic incident has occurred, which has stunned the medical community in the United Kingdom. A 28-year-old British woman, who gave birth to her first child recently, died a few days after her delivery. The cause of her death has been established as complications arising from an overdose of anesthesia. Shockingly, the woman’s Belgian anesthetist, who administered the anesthesia, has been charged with manslaughter. The incident has raised many questions about the quality of care provided to patients by medical professionals. The woman, who has been identified as Emma, was said to have been in good health prior to her delivery. However, following her delivery, she experienced some complications, which necessitated the administration of anesthesia. Her Belgian anesthetist, Tom, is said to have administered a high dosage of anesthesia, which could have been influenced by the woman’s admission of having a long-standing alcohol problem. The coroner’s report indicates that Emma had a history of alcohol abuse, which could have contributed to her over-sensitivity to the anesthetic drugs. The case has been under investigation with the health trust, and it is believed that the doctor may have over-calculated the dose of anesthesia that he administered to the new mother. Reports suggest that Emma had received twice the amount of the required dosage of anesthesia, which could have contributed to her death. The anesthetist, Tom, has been charged with causing the death of the new mother, and will face trial in the coming weeks. He has been suspended from work pending the outcome of the trial. Family and friends of Emma have expressed their shock at the news of her death. Emma was described as a loving and devoted mother, who was looking forward to a new phase of her life with her child. Her death has sent shockwaves through the community and has raised many questions about the quality of medical care provided to patients. The tragedy highlights the importance of proper medical care and the need for accountability in the healthcare profession. The trial of the anesthetist, Tom, will be closely watched, and many will be hoping for a just and fair outcome for the family of Emma.