article: Americans who consider human-linked climate change a load of hogwash and environmentalists kooks have rolled out a new way to express their political views: their exhaust pipes. Some truck enthusiasts are reconfiguring their vehicles to produce higher amounts of diesel exhaust in a form of protest dubbed 'rolling coal'. In some cases, they are even adding smokestacks to enhance the effect. Their aim is to spew thick black clouds of smoke into the air - or at cars - sometimes spending thousands of dollars to do so, according to the Huffington Post. The Rollin' Coal community Facebook page has 15,241 likes. Scroll down for video . A community of truck enthusiasts has been posting pictures on social media of their modified vehicles spewing thick clouds of black smoke in a new trend dubbed 'rolling coal' A ford pickup truck ejects a thick cloud of sooty black exhaust in this photo posted on Facebook, where a page devoted to 'coal rollers' has garnered more than 15,000 likes . Some in the community modify their trucks with smokestacks to boost their vehicle's smoke-belching capacity . One modification to their vehicles being used involves increasing the amount of fuel entering the truck's engine. When there's too much fuel, the engine fails to combust properly, turning it into soot. 'It’s just fun,' said Robbie, a 25-year-old mechanic in South Carolina who has been 'rollin' coal' since he got his first truck 12 years ago, according to Vocativ. 'Just driving and blowing smoke and having a good time.' A man shows off his smoke-spewing truck in a photo posted on Facebook. The vehicles are modified so that more fuel is forced into the engine, creating extra soot . The trucks are able to create copious amount of smoke on demand, enabling them to spew it on unsuspecting cars. They call the soot 'Prius repellant' Coal rollers call that soot 'Prius repellent' and channel it through smokestacks that can release it onto bystanders or cars - especially Priuses - in a thick, pollutant-heavy black cloud, the Post said. 'I run into a lot of people that really don’t like Obama at all,' an unnamed Wisconsin seller of smokestack kits told Slate's David Weigel, explaining some of the rationale behind the movement. 'If he’s into the environment, if he’s into this or that, we’re not,' he continued. 'I hear a lot of that. To get a single stack on my truck - that’s my way of giving them the finger. You want clean air and a tiny carbon footprint? Well, screw you.' The American Cancer Society has linked exposure to diesel exhaust to a variety of negative health effects, including lung cancer.
highlights: Some truck enthusiasts are modifying their vehicles to boost the amount of fuel entering their engines, creating high-pollutant soot that they can then spew out exhaust pipes and smokestacks in thick black clouds . 'It's just fun,' says Robbie, a 25-year-old South Carolina mechanic. 'Just driving and blowing smoke and having a good time.'
id: 2e8af21e986cb3605a7a92460b2b9ccf40b5dac2
chatgpt: Truck enthusiasts are finding new ways to modify their vehicles to create thick black clouds of smoke while driving. Although this trend is harmful to the environment, many enthusiasts, like Robbie, are taking part in the activity for the fun of it. Robbie, a 25-year-old mechanic from South Carolina, is just one of the many truck enthusiasts that can't get enough of modifying their engines to increase fuel intake. The technique, known as "rolling coal," allows these drivers to produce high-pollutant soot that they can then spew out of their exhaust pipes and smokestacks. While the long-term effects of such modifications are unknown, there is no doubt that they are terrible for the environment. According to the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), diesel engines are responsible for emitting over 1.5 million tons of nitrogen oxides and other harmful pollutants that can lead to respiratory problems, heart disease, and premature death. Despite these alarming statistics, some truck enthusiasts see "rolling coal" as a harmless activity. Robbie, for example, sees it as a way to have fun while driving. "It's just fun," he says. "Just driving and blowing smoke and having a good time." However, environmentalists are quick to point out that the "rolling coal" trend is not just harmful to our planet but is also a reflection of larger issues surrounding climate change and air pollution. While some may find it entertaining, the long-lasting effects of this trend could be disastrous. Moreover, the trend has raised concerns about whether or not those who engage in it should face consequences. In some states, modifications to a vehicle's emissions system are illegal, and those caught breaking these laws can face steep fines and even criminal charges. Despite the controversy surrounding "rolling coal," this trend is unlikely to disappear anytime soon. As long as there are truck enthusiasts who are willing to modify their vehicles, this dangerous activity will continue to be a thorn in the side of the environmental movement. For now, it seems like the best course of action is education. By spreading awareness about the harm that "rolling coal" can cause, we can work towards a future where environmentally responsible behavior is the norm, not just an exception.