article: (CNN) -- French police have released a second photo of the man suspected of shooting a photographer at the daily newspaper Liberation Monday, as their manhunt continues. A gunman shot the 23-year-old assistant photographer twice near the heart with a shotgun in the lobby of the newspaper's offices in Paris. Liberation Publisher Nicolas Demorand told CNN affiliate BFMTV on Monday that the victim was "a little better" Tuesday but still in critical condition. Paris prosecutor Francois Molins earlier said he was in intensive care. The gunman fled after the attack, and authorities released photos showing a 5-foot-6 to 5-foot-8 man with a "European appearance" and graying hair. He was estimated to be between 35 and 45 years old. Police said he was carrying one or two bags and was wearing a khaki parka or a green pullover, a dark sleeveless vest, green-and-white basketball shoes and a dark cap. On Tuesday, police released another image of the suspect that showed him wearing what appeared to be a red parka, blue T-shirt and pale brown knitted hat. Paris police had no information about the man's motive, and prosecutors issued a plea for witnesses who may have seen a man "making death threats while carrying a gun," according to a statement. The suspect apparently also opened fire in front of Societe Generale towers in Paris, the international bank said on Twitter. There were no injuries in that shooting, and police are investigating, the bank said. Another man told police he was carjacked in the neighborhood of La Defense. The bank's towers are in the same neighborhood. The man said he dropped the assailant off near the Champs-Elysee, the city's main street, according to police. On Friday, a gunman broke into BFMTV, threatening journalists before fleeing. The description of the man at Liberation is similar to that of the man at BFMTV, and the gun used was of similar caliber, police said. But it has not been established that it was the same man.
highlights: A gunman shot a photographer at the Paris offices of Liberation newspaper Monday . The photographer was hit twice near the heart and is said to be in a critical condition . French police hunting the suspect issued a second image of him Tuesday . Police are also investigating a carjacking, shots outside a bank and a gun threat at TV offices .
id: eeb9ec2b66bfce439d6ad3f25e364d3b1d826bc4
chatgpt: In yet another incident of violence in France, a gunman shot a photographer at the Paris offices of Liberation newspaper on Monday. The photographer was hit twice near the heart and is said to be in a critical condition. According to reports, the suspect entered the newspaper office wearing a black hoodie and opened fire, before reportedly fleeing the scene on foot. French police launched a major search operation in and around the building, but were unable to locate the shooter. The police have since issued a second image of the suspect on Tuesday, in an effort to gather any information that could lead to his capture. People who may have seen the man or know anything about his movements have been urged to contact authorities. Meanwhile, the police are also investigating other related incidents in the area. On Tuesday, it was reported that a car was hijacked at gunpoint in the same neighborhood as the newspaper office. It is unclear whether the carjacking is linked to the shooting. In addition, shots were also fired outside a bank in the Parisian suburb of La Defense on Monday, and a gun threat was reportedly made at the headquarters of BFM TV. However, no one was hurt in either incident. The recent spate of attacks has once again raised concerns over security in France, which has experienced a number of terrorist attacks in the past few years. In particular, the country has been on high alert since the 2015 attacks in Paris that left 130 people dead. French officials have vowed to crack down on terrorism and ensure the safety of its citizens. However, Monday's shooting at the Liberation newspaper office serves as a stark reminder of the challenges that lie ahead. As the investigation into the shooting continues, the victim remains in critical condition. The attack has sent shockwaves through the media industry, and many are calling for an end to violence against journalists. The incident also highlights the importance of freedom of the press, and the need for journalists to be able to report without fear of violence or intimidation. As French authorities work to bring the perpetrator to justice, the world is watching and hoping for a swift resolution to this disturbing event.