article: (CNN) -- Charl Schwartzel stayed on course to achieve his first win since claiming the 2011 U.S. Masters crown as he took a four-shot lead at the halfway stage of the Thailand Championship Friday. The South African shot a seven under par 65 for a 14 under par 130 total at Amata Spring Country Club. Daniel Chopra of Sweden carded a 67 for second place with Japan's Masanori Kobayashi a shot further back. Rising Japanese star Ryo Ishikawa shot a fine 66 for 136 while this year's Masters champion Bubba Watson of the United States and Spain's Sergio Garcia were in the group on 138. Schwartzel is hopeful of ending his 20-month victory drought, particularly as he has found form on the putting green. "It is still a long way to go. It's half the job done. From my side, I just have to keep playing," he told the official European Tour website. "I've been reading them (putts) well. The stroke feels good. I've gone through a long two years where I've missed a lot of putts. A few goes in, it's nice." Ryder Cup star Garcia had three birdies in his last five holes to take closer order in a high class field. "I'm in a decent position," he said. Meanwhile, Marcus Fraser carded a second straight three-under-par in the Australian Open in Sydney to take a one-shot lead at halfway. The home hope leads fellow Australians Brendan Jones (71) and first-round leader John Senden, who were tied for second at The Lakes. In-form Englishman Justin Rose was in a group tied for fifth at three under going into the weekend, while American legend Tom Watson carded a superb 68 Friday to make the cut by a stroke. Watson is on the same mark as defending champion Greg Chalmers, who slipped back with a second round 75. The opening event of the 2013 European Tour, the inaugural Nelson Mandela Championship, has yet to get underway at Royal Durban in South Africa. Heavy rainfall left the course flooded for the second straight day but organizers hope to get the delayed event started Saturday. In the Dubai Ladies Masters, the concluding event of the Ladies European Tour, China's Shanshan Feng continued to lead the way after the third round. She carded a 67 for 18-under-par at the Emirates Golf Club, but Dutch woman Dewi Claire Schreefel made inroads into her lead with a tournament record 63 to trail by five. France's Gwladys Nocera was a shot back at 12-under, one ahead of Germany's Caroline Masson and Cindy Lacrosse of the United States.
highlights: South African Charl Schwartzel leads at halfway in Thailand Championship . Marcus Fraser a shot clear in Australian Open in Sydney . Nelson Mandela Championship in South Africa hit by flooding . China's Shanshan Feng leads after three rounds of Dubai Ladies Masters .
id: ed9a2ebf6e71440c931255625018006df2fb337c
chatgpt: In a busy day of golf across the globe, South African Charl Schwartzel stole the limelight as he surged into the lead after the second round of the Thailand Championship. Schwartzel, who is currently ranked 20th in the world, shot an impressive six-under-par round of 66 to move to 11-under for the tournament. The 2011 Masters champion had a mixed start to his round, making bogeys on the third and eighth holes before reeling off seven birdies in his remaining 12 holes to take the outright lead. He is closely followed by India's Shubhankar Sharma and American Justin Rose, who are both on 10-under-par. Meanwhile, in Sydney, Australia, it was a different story as Marcus Fraser shot a four-under-par round of 67 to lead the Australian Open by one shot heading into the weekend. The 39-year-old Australian made five birdies and just one bogey in a round that was interrupted by rain delays. Fraser, who won the Australian Open in 2010, is hoping to capitalize on the absence of some of the world's top golfers, including Jason Day and Jordan Spieth. He leads fellow Australians Cameron Davis and Matthew Millar, who are both on eight-under-par. But not all the golfing action on Friday was going as smoothly. The Nelson Mandela Championship in Durban, South Africa, was hit by severe flooding, causing the cancellation of the second round. The tournament, which is part of the Sunshine Tour, was being held at the Mount Edgecombe Country Club and is the final event of the season. Officials are hoping to resume play on Saturday, but conditions may yet force further delays. And in Dubai, China's Shanshan Feng is leading after three rounds of the Ladies Masters. The former world number one shot a two-under-par round of 70 to move to 10-under-par for the tournament, two shots clear of her nearest rivals. Feng is hoping to become the first Chinese golfer to win the Ladies Masters, but she faces stiff competition from South Korea's Minjee Lee and Norway's Marianne Skarpnord, who are both on eight-under-par. Overall, it was a day of mixed fortunes for golfers across the globe, with some tournaments being disrupted by severe weather conditions and others producing exciting action on the course. With two days of golf remaining in each of the four tournaments, there is plenty of time for further twists and turns.