article: (CNN) -- Former NFL player Aaron Hernandez put guns into a black box after returning home the night his friend Odin Lloyd was killed, according to new documents obtained by CNN. Hernandez has pleaded not guilty to murder in Lloyd's death. Another friend, Carlos Ortiz, 27, told investigators that he observed the former New England Patriots tight end putting firearms into a box in the basement of his North Attleborough, Massachusetts, home, including a small handgun that Hernandez had asked Ortiz to retrieve from the floor of the car they were driving. Ortiz then bought it into Hernandez's home, according to the document. Ortiz stated that he also had seen Hernandez enter the home and walk into the basement carrying a large handgun earlier in the day. This is consistent with a statement made by a prosecutor in court in late June. "The defendant goes walking through the house with the gun in his hand. That is captured in the video. ... And they all go down to the basement," said Bill McCauley, first assistant district attorney for Bristol County, Massachusetts. "Once in the basement, the surveillance gets shut off." Authorities have said Hernandez, Ortiz, and Ernest Wallace, 41, picked Lloyd up from his Boston apartment early on June 17. Surveillance cameras showed the car at an industrial park near Hernandez's North Attleborough, Massachusetts, home. The documents also reveal the involvement of Tanya Singleton, 38, a cousin of Hernandez. After leaving Massachusetts, Wallace dropped Ortiz off at Singleton's Bristol, Connecticut, residence. Ortiz told authorities that he spoke with Singleton about Lloyd's killing. Singleton lives near a lake in Bristol where a state police dive team was searching for an item linked to Hernandez's case. According to the documents, Singleton also allegedly assisted Wallace in fleeing authorities. She has not been arrested or charged. Authorities collected Singleton's credit cards and cell phone. According to the search warrant, Singleton allegedly purchased a bus ticket for Wallace to travel from Macon, Georgia, to Miami. Authorities arrested Wallace in Miramar, Florida, on June 28. It is unclear how Wallace traveled from Bristol to Macon. Wallace also regularly used a cell phone paid for by Singleton, according to the documents. CNN left a message for Singleton seeking comment. Authorities have accused Hernandez, 23, of orchestrating the death of Lloyd, the 27-year-old boyfriend of Hernandez's fiancée's sister. Wallace was charged with accessory after the fact to murder and has pleaded not guilty. Ortiz has pleaded not guilty to a weapons charge. Lloyd's body was found in an industrial park near Hernandez's home on June 17. The police believe Lloyd was shot execution style with a Glock .45. The weapon has not yet been found. CNN's Susan Candiotti, George Lerner, Greg Botelho and Jason Hanna contributed to this report.
highlights: Search warrant: Ex-NFL player Aaron Hernandez stored guns in box after friend's death . Another man, Carlos Ortiz, said Hernandez walked through home with firearm, papers say . Hernandez is accused of killing Odin Lloyd in June; he has pleaded not guilty .
id: cb6453d9b694ec8a29bf040bd2db864939704a0b
chatgpt: Former NFL player Aaron Hernandez allegedly stored guns in a box after his friend's death, according to a search warrant in the ongoing investigation into the Odin Lloyd murder case. Additionally, papers state that another man, Carlos Ortiz, claimed to have witnessed Hernandez walk through his home with a firearm. Hernandez has pleaded not guilty to charges of killing his friend Odin Lloyd in June of 2013. However, the search warrant, which was served in January of 2014, suggests that there may be more to the story. According to the warrant, Hernandez allegedly stored three firearms in a box in the basement of his home. It is not clear if any of these firearms were used in the murder of Lloyd. Additionally, the warrant claims that Hernandez instructed his cousin to "get rid of" a box prior to his arrest for the murder. The warrant also reveals details provided by Carlos Ortiz, who was indicted as an accessory to murder in the case. Ortiz claimed that he and Hernandez picked up Lloyd on June 17th and drove him to an industrial park where he was shot and killed. Ortiz stated that he stayed in the car while Hernandez and a third man, Ernest Wallace, got out and walked with Lloyd to the spot where he was shot. According to Ortiz's testimony, Wallace handed Hernandez a gun just before the murder. Ortiz himself was allegedly in possession of a firearm at the time of the murder, which was later found by police in a dumpster. Additionally, the papers state that Ortiz claimed to have witnessed Hernandez walking through his home with a firearm, just hours after the murder. Ortiz also stated that Hernandez was acting "strange" and appeared to be "slightly paranoid". At the time the warrant was served, Hernandez was being held without bail in a Massachusetts jail. He has since been convicted of the murder of Odin Lloyd and is serving a life sentence without the possibility of parole. The search warrant sheds new light on the ongoing investigation into the murder of Odin Lloyd. It suggests that there may have been more to Hernandez's involvement in the murder than previously assumed. The search warrant also raises questions about why Hernandez allegedly stored guns in his home after his friend's death. It remains unclear if any of these firearms were linked to the murder or if they were simply a leftover from Hernandez's days as an NFL player. Regardless, the search warrant demonstrates the continued interest in the case, even years after the crime took place. It remains a tragic incident and a cautionary tale about the dangers of violence and celebrity culture in America.