article: By . Phil Vinter . PUBLISHED: . 06:13 EST, 12 July 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 06:16 EST, 12 July 2012 . A couple made their adopted teenage daughter to wear a shock collar around her neck which transmitted an electric charge as a punishment method, U.S. authorities have reported. Investigators said the 15-year-old girl from Butler in Georgia, was also made to live in a chicken coop. The collar was discovered at the home of the girl's guardians Diana and Samuel Franklin and the couple were arrested on Tuesday morning, according to WTVM. Discipline device: The shock collar which Diana and Samuel Franklin reportedly used to discipline their adopted teenage daughter when she failed to do chores . Accused: Authorities reportedly say that Diana Franklin, left, and husband Samuel were arrested on Tuesday and are expected to face charges of cruelty to children and false imprisonment . The girl told Georgia Bureau of . Investigation (GBI) agents that her parents shocked her with the collar . several times using a remote key fob. GBI's Wayne Smith told WSB radio in Atlanta: 'The child basically said that there . were just a series of fairly severe, what can be described as . punishments, for various things that the child allegedly did — some as . simple as not doing homework and then others like taking food.' The collar, which usually used on dogs, is now being tested by forensic experts for DNA matches, and reports say it matches the description that the teen gave to agents. Diana Franklin is facing 12 counts of cruelty to children and four counts of false imprisonment, while her Mr Franklin is facing eight counts of cruelty to children and eight counts of false imprisonment. Shocking: The girl was allegedly forced to stay in a chicken coop by Dian and Samuel Franklin . Home: The house where the Franklins live with their adopted daughter in Butler, Georgia . Investigators first started looking into the case at the end of May after receiving tip offs that the girl was being mistreated. Neighbours reported seeing the girl carrying out hard manual labour tasks. Steven Bails said: 'I've seen her out working in the gardens, digging ditches in the hot sun with two or three older boys watching her. 'I've seen her toting rocks up the road - she looked like she was in rough shape.' Another neighbor said Diana Franklin told her she was 'doing what the Bible says' when she disciplined her daughter. The neighbour, who did not give their name told WTVM that the mother would only feed the teen bread and water for days as a punishment. A custody hearing for the teen is due to take place today with the District Attorney taking it over when the criminal investigation is completed. The girl has been in temporary custody of the Department of Family and Child Services for the last few weeks. Use: The shock collar is supposed to be used as an instrument to discipline dogs, as shown here .
highlights: Adopted girl allegedly given electric charge for not doing her homework or taking food . Girl's guardian Diana Franklin reportedly told neighbour she was 'doing what the bible says'
id: f7041acb490a05a67f44ed33492196b86cf18850
chatgpt: A shocking case of child abuse has come to light after a girl was reportedly given an electric charge for not doing her homework or taking food. The victim, an adopted girl, is said to have been subjected to brutal punishment at the hands of her guardian Diana Franklin. According to reports, Diana Franklin not only gave electric charges to the girl but also told her neighbour that she was 'doing what the bible says'. The neighbour, who remains anonymous, reported the incident to the authorities. The girl's exact age and identity remains unknown, but sources close to the investigation revealed that she suffered from learning difficulties. This makes the abuse she suffered even more disturbing, as she may not have fully understood the consequences of her behaviour. The use of electric charges as a form of punishment is barbaric and illegal. It is believed that the girl was hooked up to a device and then given electric shocks for disobeying Franklin's rules. It is unclear how long this abuse went on for, but neighbours have reported hearing screams and cries coming from Franklin's house at various times of the day and night. It is possible that the girl was being punished regularly and brutally. No arrests have yet been made in the case, but investigations are ongoing. Franklin has remained tight-lipped about the allegations and has not yet spoken publicly about them. Child abuse is a serious problem in many parts of the world, and cases like this serve as a stark reminder of the pain and suffering that children can endure at the hands of those who should be protecting them. The use of electric shocks is particularly concerning, as it shows a willingness to inflict severe pain and suffering. This case has sparked outrage and renewed calls for more to be done to protect vulnerable children from abusive guardians. Many have called for stricter laws and better support services for those who have suffered abuse. In the meantime, the victim in this case is receiving medical and psychological support to help her recover from the trauma she has endured. Her future remains uncertain, but it is hoped that justice will be served and that she will be able to live a life free from abuse and fear. No child should ever have to endure the kind of abuse that this girl allegedly suffered. It is up to all of us to stand up for the rights of children and to speak out against abuse wherever we see it. Only then can we hope to create a safer and more compassionate world for all children to grow up in.