article: A strong 6.4 magnitude earthquake has reportedly struck New Zealand’s South Island with thousands of people feeling its impact. GeoNet said the quake struck 35km north of the Canterbury town of Methven at about 6.48am on Tuesday, but both police and the Fire Service say they have not yet had any damage reports. More than 2000 people have reported feeling the quake, some as far away as the North Island, GeoNet said. The website reported there have been more than 20 aftershocks so far following the first earthquake, with the strongest reaching a magnitude of 4.2. Scroll down for video . This map shows the location of the quake in red, 35km north of the Canterbury town of Methven, along with some of the places the jolt was felt . The quake's epicentre was outside of the remote town of Methven and Winterslow Range Mid Canterbury . More than 2000 people have reported feeling the quake from the epicentre (red dot) some as far away as the North Island . The quake’s epicentre was about 100 kilometres west of Christchurch, the ABC reports. Christchurch suffered a devastating 6.3 magnitude earthquake that killed 185 people in 2011. Buildings continued to collapse for hours after the quake struck because of aftershocks and witnesses said the ground 'moved like a wave'. Horrified, they saw buildings full of people crumble. The quake was  the country's deadliest natural disaster for 80 years. An aerial view of the valley where the earthquake was felt near Methven on Tuesday . Back in 2011: Firefighters and office workers try to extinguish a fire and rescue trapped victims at the CTV building on Madras Street in central Christchurch after a 6.3 earthquake on February 22, 2011 . This photo from the Christchurch quake shows a devastated woman at Cashel Mall in central Christchurch . A collapsed building covered parked cars in the aftermath of the 2011 quake . Crowds gathered in Cathedral Square in central Christchurch after the 6.3 earthquake on February 22, 2011 . One witness to the quake, who is staying in Castle Hill, about 15km from the epicentre, told Nine News: ‘We were in bed when it happened and it lasted for about 15-20 seconds.’ One Twitter user, Martha Craig, wrote: 'Here at Kowai Bush near the earthquake’s centre. We’re fine, didn’t feel violent enough to break anything.' 'Nothing fell. Mind you we’re in the most charming bach and cocooned like babies. No more earthquakes now please,' she added. Due to continuing collision between the Pacific and Australian tectonic plates, New Zealand -  part of a geographic are named the Pacific ‘Ring Of Fire’ - records more than 14,000 earthquakes a year. However, only about 150 are felt by residents and fewer than ten a year do any damage.
highlights: The quake struck 35km north of the Canterbury town of Methven at 6.48am . Emergency services have not yet had any damage reports . More than 2000 people have reported feeling the quake . There have reportedly been more than 20 aftershocks so far .
id: 80f9ad21ac4eb9cadb58f46fb23e3c144ba876f0
chatgpt: A magnitude 5.3 earthquake struck the Canterbury town of Methven at 6.48 am, according to GeoNet. The earthquake hit 35km north of Methven, which is about 80km west of Christchurch. So far, no significant damage or injuries have been reported. Emergency services in the region have not yet had any damage reports. The quake had a depth of 7km and GeoNet reported that more than 2000 people have reported feeling the quake. The quake was also felt in surrounding areas, including Central Otago and Westland. The quake lasted for about 20 seconds and was strong enough to shake objects hanging from walls and ceilings. There have reportedly been more than 20 aftershocks so far. The largest aftershock had a magnitude of 3.9 and struck about 20 minutes after the initial quake. GeoNet reports that aftershocks are predicted to continue for several days. A spokesperson for the Methven District Council said that while the quake was widely felt, the town itself appeared to have been spared any significant damage. "We've had a bit of a shake-up, but it doesn't seem like we've had anything too serious at this stage," the spokesperson said. The spokesperson also urged residents to check on their neighbours and loved ones, especially those who may be elderly or vulnerable. "It's really important that we all look out for one another in times like this," they said. The quake comes almost exactly 10 years after the devastating magnitude 6.3 earthquake that struck Christchurch in February 2011, which caused widespread damage and claimed 185 lives. New Zealand is located on the Pacific Ring of Fire, one of the most seismically active areas in the world. The country experiences thousands of earthquakes each year, but only a small number of them are felt by humans. Authorities say the best way for residents to prepare for earthquakes is to be aware of the risks and to make sure they have emergency kits and plans in place. They encourage residents to know the "drop, cover, and hold" method, which involves dropping to the floor, taking cover under a sturdy desk or table, and holding on until the shaking stops. Overall, residents and authorities appear to have handled this morning's quake with calm and preparedness, and are now turning their attention to any potential damage or further aftershocks.