article: By . Hayley O'keeffe . PUBLISHED: . 13:33 EST, 22 November 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 13:44 EST, 22 November 2013 . An electrician who died while repairing a faulty microwave at a Marks & Spencer store had not unplugged the device, an inquest heard this week. Grandfather-of-seven Philip Dodd was called to the store in Tunbridge Wells, Kent, on November 3 last year to fix the microwave in the staff canteen. But when the 62-year-old, of Horley, Surrey, went to fix the microwave he did not unplug it from the mains, the inquest heard on Thursday. The Marks & Spencer store in Royal Tunbridge Wells where Philip Dodd suffered the electric shock . The court heard how Mr Dodd suffered as fatal electric shock as he tried to fix the microwave when he accidentally touched an uninsulated controller to a magnetron in the microwave. Staff at the store said they came to Mr Dodd’s aid after hearing a ‘terrific crash’ in kitchen - finding him dead on the floor and the microwave plugged in. Tunbridge Wells Borough Council environmental health officer John Broughton told jurors: 'It appears he was electrocuted when he inadvertently touched a live conductor to the magnetron he was trying to repair. 'The machine should have been disconnected from the power supply before he attempted that.' The inquest heard how Mr Dodd was working for engineer providers Millers Vanguard, part of the AFE group, and had been an electrician for 28 years. AFE chief executive Tim Smith said: “The company’s procedure states that microwaves should not be worked on live and our training mantra of the three D’s - disconnect from main supply, discharge and open the doors - had unfortunately not been complied with.” A jury returned a verdict of accidental death and coroner Roger Hatch expressed his sympathies to Mr Dodd’s family. The Kent & Sussex Courier reported that shocked staff who were 'directly affected' by the incident were given as much time off as they needed by Marks & Spencer. Mr Dodd's children paid tribute to keen photographer Mr Dodd, who lost his wife Christine to cancer in 2003. His daughter Tina Garner told the Gatwick and Horley Times: 'He was a person that would help anyone that needed help.' She added: 'He was the best dad you could have.'He wouldn't want to worry anyone; he always wanted the best for everyone else.'
highlights: Philip Dodd suffered a massive electric shock and died at the scene . Traumatised staff given unlimited time off to cope with the tragedy . Tragic electrician lost his wife Christine to cancer in 2003 .
id: cfb1d08954165bb7a6af8b3480abf35c258f5b3f
chatgpt: In a tragic accident, electrician Philip Dodd suffered a massive electric shock that proved fatal, leaving his colleagues at a loss for words. Dodd was on the job when the accident occurred, and despite attempts by his co-workers to revive him, he died at the scene. The news of Dodd's death has left the staff at the company he worked for traumatised, and management has decided to provide them with unlimited time off to cope with the loss. The impact of the tragedy has not only been felt by those who worked with Dodd but also by his family and friends. Dodd's death has been particularly heartbreaking given that he lost his wife Christine to cancer in 2003. The tragic couple had been married for many years, and their love story had touched the hearts of those who knew them. The loss of one parent was already devastating for their children, and the pain of losing both parents is unimaginable. Dodd was a respected and experienced electrician who had worked in the industry for many years. He was known for his dedication to his work and his willingness to go above and beyond to meet the needs of his clients. Those who worked with him described him as a hardworking and reliable person who never hesitated to lend a helping hand. The cause of the electric shock that led to Dodd's death is still unknown. The company where he worked has launched an investigation into the accident, and officials are urging anyone who may have information to come forward. The incident is a reminder of the risks that come with working in the electrical industry. Electricians work with high-voltage electricity on a daily basis, and any mistake, no matter how small, can have devastating consequences. Dodd's death has left a void that will be hard to fill, both in his family and among his colleagues. He will be remembered as a hardworking and dedicated electrician who gave his all to his work and his family. In this difficult time, his family, colleagues and friends extend their deepest condolences and support to the family left behind. The community is urged to support the family during these trying times. Rest in peace, Philip Dodd.