article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 18:23 EST, 9 October 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 02:18 EST, 10 October 2012 . Lacking: Patricia Hodge, who plays Miranda Hart's mother Penny in hit comedy Miranda, says there is a lack of roles for older women in TV and theatre . Actress Patricia Hodge has bemoaned the lack of roles for older women in television and theatre. The 66-year-old says all the best work goes to Dame Judi Dench, Vanessa Redgrave and Dame Maggie Smith, leaving little for anyone else of her age. Miss Hodge, who plays Miranda Hart’s mother Penny in the hit comedy series Miranda, told an audience at Cheltenham Literature Festival that the lack of roles for older women was a ‘hot topic’ in showbusiness. ‘It is very difficult for us who are in this age group to talk about it because it makes you sound like an embittered old woman,’ she said. ‘Judi Dench, Vanessa Redgrave and Maggie Smith are on a level where they will always get work because whatever is on offer will go to them first. ‘They are a band of angels up there who are ascending to heaven and are untouchable. ‘But for everyone else there is not nearly enough representation – but you can’t create it overnight. ‘Even if you asked every playwright in the country to write a play for older women it still wouldn’t be enough. I think it needs to grow, that realisation that there is a whole section of our community which is under represented.’ 'Always get work': Dame Judi Dench (right in James Bond film Casino Royale) and Maggie Smith (left in TV series Downton Abbey) get all the best work 'because whatever is on offer will go to them first', Miss Hodge says . She said she was fortunate she had landed such a good role in Miranda, which was an example of what can be achieved by women in the world of drama. ‘It has broken the mould,’ she said. ‘We have got four very strong roles for women. It is directed by a woman and produced by a woman and the executive director is a woman. ‘I think the BBC feel a little bit proud of it because they can hold it up as “We are doing our bit trying to change the balance of power”.’ What can be achieved: Miss Hodge (right with cast of Miranda) says the hit comedy is an example of what can be achieved by women in the world of drama .
highlights: The lack of roles for older women was a 'hot topic' in showbusiness, says Patricia Hodge . The actress from series Miranda says all the best work goes to Dame Judi Dench and Dame Maggie Smith .
id: a23ee1be43e0e2b7d6b6ec566110e3baf506c5c8
chatgpt: The lack of acting opportunities for older women in the entertainment industry has once again come under the spotlight. Actress Patricia Hodge has spoken out about the issue, saying it is a 'hot topic' within showbusiness. Hodge, who is best known for her role as Miranda's mother in the hit TV series Miranda, believes that women in their later years are often overlooked for major roles. She believes that all the best work goes to the likes of Dames Judi Dench and Maggie Smith. Despite her success on the small screen, Hodge admits that she struggles to find work which is challenging and interesting. She has called on casting directors and producers to consider older actresses for a variety of roles, not just those which are stereotypically 'granny' roles. The entertainment industry has a reputation for being ageist, with many older performers struggling to find work for years after they hit their fifties. While there are certainly exceptions to the rule, such as Dench and Smith, many talented women are being overlooked because of their age. It's not just a problem for actresses, either. Many female screenwriters are also struggling to have their scripts produced, with studios instead opting for younger, less experienced writers. There is no doubt that the entertainment industry has a long way to go when it comes to tackling ageism. With more and more people living longer, healthier lives, there is a growing demand for roles which reflect the diversity of life at any age. Hodge believes that there needs to be a major shift in attitudes if older women are to be given a fair chance in the industry. She suggests that casting directors need to be more open-minded when considering actresses for roles, rather than relying on age-old stereotypes. Despite the challenges faced by older women, Hodge remains hopeful about the future. She believes that, with the right support and opportunities, women of all ages can continue to thrive in showbusiness. In the meantime, she is using her own platform to raise awareness of the issue and encourage others to speak out. If more people are willing to take a stand, there is a real possibility for change in an industry which desperately needs to become more inclusive.