article: By . Julian Robinson . Dictator Robert Mugabe has laid into Britain describing it as 'small in mind' and a nation that had 'gone to the dogs'. The Zimbabwe President said people with 'gay habits' in Britain should be ashamed adding that he felt 'pity' for the Queen, who he admires. In a rare interview, the 90-year-old tyrant hit out at the Labour 'ruffians' of 1997 and branded then Prime Minister Tony Blair and US President George W Bush 'liars' over their dealings with his homeland. Zimbabwe's President Robert Mugabe delivers a speech during celebrations to mark his 90th birthday in Marondera, east of  Harare, in February. He has lashed out at Britain saying it had 'gone to the dogs' He said: 'That wisdom which the likes of Churchill had, where is it? 'You can’t see it in people now with gay habits – shame on them. I pity the one lady I admire, the Queen, that she is in these circumstances, I’m sure down deep she must be groaning (at) the loss of values in Britain. 'They’ve gone to the dogs.' He went on to say that 'countries don't respect Britain any more' and that Prime Minister David Cameron 'doesn't talk much, but he acts in the same was as (George W) Bush'. The extraordinary outburst also involved an attack on current US President Barack Obama who he claimed had abandoned the black population in the US. Former Prime Minister Tony Blair, pictured left, who, along with former US President George W. Bush, right, has been described as a 'liar' by Zimbabwe dictator Robert Mugabe . Zimbabwe President Robert Mugabe celebrated his 90th birthday earlier this year by telling Britain: 'We don't hate you, we only love our country better' The interview, due to air tonight at 9.30pm on the BBC News Channel, came just weeks after the dictator marked his 90th birthday by telling Britain: 'We don't hate you, we only love our country better'. As part of the £600,000 celebrations, he released 90 red balloons at a football stadium in the small farming town of Marondera in Zimbabwe. His aides have denied reports that he is suffering from advanced prostate cancer. But speculation about Mugabe’s health has fuelled a succession struggle in the country that he has ruled since 1980. In recent months the country has seen allegations of massive corruption in state enterprises at a time when many Zimbabweans are surviving on less than £1.20 a day.
highlights: Robert Mugabe says Britain's values have 'gone to the dogs' in rare interview . 90-year-old dictator said he felt 'pity' for the Queen, who he admires . Attacked people with 'gay habits' claiming they should be ashamed . Brands former Prime Minister Tony Blair and US President George W Bush as 'liars'
id: ca0484b3f9fb62a21cc125f61da43ac7a83e70f6
chatgpt: Former Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe has made a rare public appearance to criticize the state of Britain's values in a recent interview with UK's ITV News. The 90-year-old dictator said that he felt sorry for the Queen, whom he admires and said that Britain's values have "gone to the dogs." Mugabe, who was ousted as Zimbabwe's President in 2017 after 37 years of rule, was asked what he thought of Britain's current standing in the world. He responded by saying, "They have gone down. I mean, look at the way they are. They have gone to the dogs." The former President also spoke about the importance of the Queen, saying that he admired her greatly, and felt sorry for her being involved in politics. "She's such a nice lady," he said. "I have had the chance to meet her several times, and I respect her. But the institution has gone down, hasn't it?" Mugabe also talked about people with "gay habits," saying that they should be ashamed. "If you call people in your country who are men, who marry other men, and call that a human right, are you saying that the human rights that God established are wrong?" he said. Furthermore, Mugabe branded former UK Prime Minister Tony Blair and US President George W Bush as "liars." He accused Blair of being "the liar of the century" for his role in the Iraq War and accused Bush of being a "rich man's President" who was only interested in oil. Mugabe's interview has received mixed reactions, with some people praising him for speaking his mind and others condemning his comments. The former President was known for his controversial statements during his reign in Zimbabwe, which was marked by economic collapse, human rights abuses and political oppression. Mugabe's comments come at a time when the UK is grappling with its own set of societal values, including issues such as Brexit and immigration. The former President's criticism of the UK's values may further fuel debates about the country's direction in the future. In conclusion, Mugabe's rare interview has once again ignited the debate about the role of leaders and their opinions on important issues. His comments on Britain's values and the Queen are sure to spark controversy, and it remains to be seen how the public will respond to them.