article: By . Alex Greig . PUBLISHED: . 13:31 EST, 9 August 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 17:07 EST, 9 August 2013 . Former Navy chaplain Gordon Klingenschmitt has voiced his outrage at the overturning of Proposition 8 in California, saying there's a 'demonic spirit of lawlessness' among government officials. Klingenschmitt, who was discharged from the Navy for insubordination, made the comments on yesterday's episode of his YouTube program, Pray in Jesus Name. The chaplain labeled various things 'lawless' during the show, including gay people, sodomy, the government officials who 'refuse to enforce the law' and lust. Scroll down for video . Above the law: Klingenshmitt has labeled government officials who 'refuse' to enforce Proposition 8 'lawless' 'Lust is not love, and and whatever they're doing behind closed doors is not love in the homosexual community. It is lawlessness,' said Klingenschmitt, 'and it is causing the love of many to grow cold.' Following his diatribe against homosexuality and the Californian lawmakers who 'refuse' to institute Proposition 8, Klingenschmitt led his viewers in prayer. 'Father in heaven, we pray that you would enforce your law... The law of love that prohibits lust, the law that prohibits sin, prohibits lawlessness. That God's highest law of true, selfless love will be established and will ban sodomy, which is a perversion and it's not love at all.' The right-wing pundit spoke out in favor of discrimination in another installment of Pray in Jesus Name earlier this week. Let us pray: Klingenschmitt asked God to enforce 'the law of love that prohibits lawlessness' 'If . your heart is full of corruption or sin or immorality - in this case, . homosexuality - then you should be discriminated against,' Klingenschmitt argued. He then tried to prove that Martin Luther King Jr had advocated discrimination - just not on skin color. 'When these confusing statutes now try to redefine discrimination and say that you can no longer discriminate against character... they're actually saying Martin Luther King himself ought to be punished for his views, and that's not right,' he concluded, somewhat nonsensically. Klingenschmitt is no stranger to controversy. He was court-martialled for disobeying orders and was eventually discharged from the Navy for turning up at anti-Navy protests in full uniform. Publicity: Klingenschmitt publically protested at not being able to pray in Jesus name after Navy chaplains were asked to be 'inclusive' at command event settings that aren't specifically religious . Since then, he's made discrimination against the LBGT community his quest. He has claimed that gay marriage will destroy straight marriage, but when questioned by David Pakeman last month about how his marriage to his wife had been affected by gay people marrying each other, he was unable to come up with a single reason. Later, he published a list of seven ways in which his marriage was affected by gay marriage, including that it had increased his taxes and increased the national debt due to 'tax benefits' given to gay couples.
highlights: Gordon Klingenschmitt said there is a 'demonic spirit of lawlessness' among government officials . He said gays are 'lawless' and 'sodomy is a perversion' on his YouTube show . Earlier this week, he spoke out in favor of discrimination against gay people .
id: 65f5db182a6130f9ed44e8436217cc618b0389c7
chatgpt: Controversial former Colorado state representative Gordon Klingenschmitt has made headlines once again, this time for his comments about the supposed "demonic spirit of lawlessness" among government officials. In a recent episode of his YouTube show, Klingenschmitt railed against what he sees as a complete disregard for the law and a lack of moral compass among elected officials. Klingenschmitt, who previously made his name as an outspoken Christian conservative in the Colorado legislature, has a long history of making inflammatory and controversial statements about LGBT people. In the same episode where he spoke about the demonic spirit of lawlessness, he also referred to gays as "lawless" and stated that "[sodomy] is a perversion." These comments have drawn the ire of LGBT advocacy groups and other progressive organizations, who accuse Klingenschmitt of being a hateful and divisive force in American politics. "There is absolutely no place in our society for people like Gordon Klingenschmitt," said one LGBT activist in a statement. "His bigoted and hateful views do not reflect the values of the majority of Americans, and we will not allow him to spread his hateful rhetoric without consequences." Klingenschmitt's recent comments come in the wake of a larger debate about discrimination against LGBT people in America. Earlier this week, the Supreme Court heard arguments in a case that could potentially lead to nationwide legalization of discrimination against LGBT people in the workplace. Klingenschmitt has been vocal in his support for such discriminatory policies, arguing that they are necessary in order to protect "religious freedom" in America. Many LGBT advocacy groups see this argument as a thinly-veiled attempt to roll back the progress that has been made on LGBT rights in recent years. "There is no legitimate reason to discriminate against someone based on their sexual orientation or gender identity," said another activist in a statement. "These so-called 'religious freedom' laws are nothing more than an excuse to discriminate against LGBT people, and we will not stand for them." Despite the controversy surrounding his comments, Klingenschmitt shows no sign of slowing down. In a recent interview with a conservative news outlet, he doubled down on his claims about the demonic spirit of lawlessness, stating that he believes that America is on the brink of collapse due to the moral decay of its elected officials. As the debate over LGBT rights and discrimination continues to rage in America, it is clear that voices like Gordon Klingenschmitt's will continue to be heard. While many are calling for his removal from public life, there are others who see him as a champion of conservative values and a defender of religious freedom. The battle over his legacy and his ideas will undoubtedly continue for years to come.