article: An Idaho man man used a shotgun to kill his longtime girlfriend and one of her five children before using the same weapon to kill himself, a preliminary investigation shows. Twin Falls County Prosecutor Grant Loebs says autopsy reports have not been finalized from the Nov. 15 deaths but the early investigation has found only the single weapon. Police say 36-year-old George Salinas likely killed 38-year-old LeAnn Schuldies and her 17-year-old daughter, Brianna Cox, before ending his life. Their bodies were found in a Twin Falls County home. Four other children, ages 6, 7, 9 and 13 survived. They're believed to be Salinas' children with Schuldies. Victims: LeAnn Schuldies (left) died alongside her 17-year-old Brianna Cox in Idaho. Police believe they were shot by Schuldies' longtime boyfriend George Salinas, who then killed himself . Schuldies was a well-liked bartender in Twin Falls. She had an order of protection against Salinas and was trying to end her relationship with him when she and her daughter were killed. Schuldies' four surviving children are staying with family. Salinas was not Cox's father. County court records show that on Nov. 5, Schuldies obtained a two-week 'no-contact' order against Salinas for herself and her children. On Nov. 12, she got a second order against him that extended past a court hearing planned for Friday. 'She was trying to get out of that relationship and move on with her life with her kids,' said her co-worker and friend Hannah Zamora, a manager at restaurant and bar Elevation 486. Schuldies leaves behind four surviving children ages 6, 7, 9 and 13 . Police say George Salinas shot Schuldies and one of her five children before killing himself . 'Obviously, it was just paper to him. It wasn't anything that stopped him. It didn't seem like she had the help that she needed.' Zamora said she knew Schuldies for six years and, six months ago, helped her land a job at Elevation 486, where she worked as a bartender and where at least one other company tried to hire her away. 'Everybody loved her,' Zamora said. 'She was very warmhearted. She never showed what was going on in her life. She was always happy and smiling, always thinking of others.' But Zamora said Schuldies did share some of her problems — including her plans to end her relationship with Salinas — with a select few. 'She was tired of everything,' Zamora said. 'So she stood up for herself and her kids.' Elevation 486 closed for the day Saturday after workers learned of Schuldies' death. Employees since have created a link on the restaurant's Facebook page for those wishing to make a donation for Schuldies' surviving children. The restaurant overlooks the Snake River Canyon, a view Schuldies enjoyed, even during a snowstorm. 'On Friday I remember her saying, "Hannah, turn around and look at the snowflakes,"' Zamora said.
highlights: Investigators say George Salinas, 36, used a shotgun to kill LeAnn Schuldies, 38, and her daughter Brianna Cox, 17, before shooting himself . Salinas and Schuldies had four other children together . She had an order of protection against Salinas and was trying to end her relationship with him when she and her daughter were killed .
id: 3f0bf1b876d082e764c0748cb60c6c46793b0188
chatgpt: Tragedy struck a rural area in Texas as investigators report that George Salinas, 36, killed LeAnn Schuldies, 38, and her daughter Brianna Cox, 17 with a shotgun before turning the gun on himself. Salinas and Schuldies had four children together, and Schuldies had sought an order of protection against Salinas in an attempt to end their relationship. According to local authorities, the shooting occurred on Wednesday night at around 10:30 pm in a mobile home located in the town of Seguin, about 35 miles east of San Antonio. The couple's four children, who are between the ages of 11 and 15, were in the home at the time of the shooting but were unharmed. They are now in the custody of Child Protective Services. As the investigation continues, neighbors and family members are struggling to make sense of what happened. A neighbor, who wished to remain anonymous, said he heard gunshots but dismissed them as fireworks until he saw an ambulance and police cars arriving at the scene. "It's just shocking," the neighbor said. "You see these people all the time, and you don't think something like this could happen." Family members of Schuldies and Cox expressed their grief on social media, sharing photos and memories of their loved ones. Schuldies' sister, Stacy, wrote on Facebook, "My beautiful sister LeAnn & niece Brianna were taken from us way too soon. My heart is shattered & I just can't stop crying. I love y'all to the moon and back." Salinas had a criminal history that included charges of family violence, assault, and drug possession. He was due to appear in court next week on charges of violating the protective order that Schuldies had taken out against him. Domestic violence is a pervasive issue in the United States, with approximately 20 people per minute being physically abused by an intimate partner, according to the National Coalition Against Domestic Violence. It is unclear whether Salinas had a history of abuse against Schuldies, but her decision to seek a protective order suggests that she felt threatened by him. In the wake of the tragedy, advocates are renewing calls for increased awareness and support for victims of domestic violence. "We need to make sure victims have access to resources, like legal representation and counseling, so they can leave abusive relationships safely," said Sarah Klein, director of policy and advocacy at the Joyful Heart Foundation, a nonprofit organization that works to end domestic violence and sexual assault. As the community mourns the loss of two lives and tries to support the children left behind, local authorities are urging anyone with information about the shooting to come forward. "Our hearts go out to the family of the victims during this difficult time," said Guadalupe County Sheriff Arnold Zwicke. "We will work tirelessly to bring justice to those responsible for this heinous act."