article: New York (CNN) -- Details started to trickle out Tuesday about the engineer at the center of Sunday's New York train derailment. William Rockefeller Jr., or Billy, has worked as a locomotive engineer for almost 11 years, according to Anthony Bottalico, a union representative who has been meeting with the man. He said Rockefeller started out as a janitor at Grand Central and "worked his way up." "He's a man of a lot of character. He's honest. He's sincere. He's never been disciplined, that I know of, on the railroad," said Bottalico. "He's got a great attitude and he comes to work every day, and everybody's very proud and honored to work with him." The representative described Rockefeller, who is cooperating with authorities, as a good human being, a strong person and someone who goes out of his way for others. "I think it takes a strong man to come down and ... be honest -- and that's what Billy's doing. That's what strong men are. You know, strong men are people who can come out and tell it like it is, and, you know, be accountable. And that's what Billy is," said Bottalico. He also said Rockefeller apparently "was nodding off and caught himself too late" before the accident that killed four people and injured 67 others. The engineer has not been charged. "I don't believe that, in my opinion, that anybody could ever ... make Billy feel worse than he's making himself feel today. So Billy feels terrible. Whether it was his fault or not his fault, it's his train," said Bottalico. Also speaking on the engineer's behalf Tuesday was Rockefeller's lawyer, Jeffrey Chartier. The attorney has met with his client, police and National Transportation Safety Board representatives. He said that Rockefeller worked as a volunteer firefighter and is married, with a stepson and a granddaughter. "Billy's a good man and, you know, I hope he can move forward from here," said Bottalico. CNN's Dana Ford and Ross Levitt contributed to this report.
highlights: William Rockefeller Jr. is the man at the center of New York's train derailment . According to a union rep, he's been a locomotive engineer for almost 11 years . "He's a man of a lot of character. He's honest. He's sincere," the rep says . Rockefeller's lawyer says his client is married, with a stepson and granddaughter .
id: db87496afa147ef0ffc242ff9a51eec9b800fd12
chatgpt: William Rockefeller Jr. is the name on everyone's lips in the aftermath of New York's recent train derailment. The accident occurred on Sunday, December 1st when a Metro-North train derailed in the Bronx, killing four people and injuring more than 70 others. Rockefeller, the train’s engineer, has come under scrutiny for his role in the tragedy. Rockefeller has been a locomotive engineer for almost 11 years, according to a union representative. The representative spoke highly of Rockefeller's character, calling him "a man of a lot of character. He's honest. He's sincere." However, a federal official has made it clear that Rockefeller will be tested for drugs and alcohol. In the meantime, Rockefeller has retained a lawyer to represent him. The lawyer has revealed that his client is a family man who is married, with a stepson and granddaughter. News outlets have reported on his love for model trains and involvement in hobbyist train organizations. At the time of the derailment, the train was traveling at a speed of 82 mph, nearly three times the posted speed limit for the curved section of track where the accident occurred. Investigators are focused on whether Rockefeller may have fallen asleep, been distracted or suffered a medical condition that caused him to lose focus. The tragedy has prompted calls for better safety measures and higher levels of oversight. Many are questioning the efficiency of the train's safety mechanisms, and whether the train’s technology failed in some way.  The New York Times quoted officials as saying that the train's safety system was "a stumbling block for Metro-North,” the commuter rail agency that operates the train. Advocates for clearer safety guidelines and training for train engineers believe that the derailment is a wake-up call for the industry. Meanwhile, the families of those affected by the crash continue to grieve, with thousands of mourners attending a memorial service for the victims on Thursday. As the investigation into the derailment continues, many are hoping that safety standards will be improved and that tragedies like this can be avoided in the future.