article: By . Mark Duell . PUBLISHED: . 02:47 EST, 22 October 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 13:53 EST, 22 October 2012 . Seven months ago he was lying on the White Hart Lane turf after collapsing and suffering a cardiac arrest during an FA Cup tie, with doctors saying he was ‘in effect dead’ for almost 80 minutes. But following on from his miraculous recovery earlier this year, ex-Bolton Wanderers star Fabrice Muamba married his fiancée Shauna on Saturday at the 19th century Peckforton Castle in Cheshire. Wed: Following on from his miraculous recovery earlier this year, ex-Bolton Wanderers star Fabrice Muamba (right) married his fiancée Shauna (left) on Saturday at the 19th century Peckforton Castle in Cheshire . Guests included former England striker Andy Cole, 41, while a Manchester-based catering firm provided Caribbean-themed food - including jerk chicken and curried goat, reported the Mirror. Muamba was also believed to have invited some of the medical staff who helped save his life, including cardiologist Dr Andrew Deaner, and Manchester United striker Robin van Persie, 29. However, New York Red Bulls striker Thierry Henry was not at the bash - despite some media reports. Shauna, 27, was a constant presence at Muamba’s bedside following his dramatic collapse during Bolton’s FA Cup quarter-final at Tottenham Hotspur in March, which shocked the footballing world. Their wedding was held at the castle where Manchester United defender Rio Ferdinand, 33, and Sunderland player Wes Brown, 33, both had their marriages. Shock: Bolton Wanderers' manager Owen Coyle (second right) stands beside Tottenham players, Benoit Assou-Ekotto (left), William Gallas (second left) and Carlo Cudicini (right) after Muamba's collapse in March . Emotional return: Muamba waves to the crowd prior to a match between Bolton and Tottenham Hotspur in May . Muamba proposed to Shauna on Valentine’s Day earlier this year, just a month before the cardiac arrest happened. He was forced to retire from professional football in August despite his recovery. 'Since Fabrice almost died, he didn’t want to waste one moment. It looked as if the wedding was going to be a little way off, but he decided he didn’t want to wait' Friend of Fabrice Muamba . The couple have a three-year-old son named Joshua, who was said to have yelled at the TV when he saw his father collapse during the match: 'Mummy, Daddy is frozen!' A friend told the Daily Star: ‘Since Fabrice almost died, he didn’t want to waste one moment. It looked as if the wedding was going to be a little way off, but he decided he didn’t want to wait.’ The player said in August: ‘I thank God that I am alive and I pay tribute once again to the members of the medical team who never gave up on me.’
highlights: Ex-Bolton star Fabrice Muamba . marries at 19th century Peckforton . Castle . Caribbean-themed food provided including curried goat and jerk chicken . Muamba was 'in effect dead' for almost 80 minutes after collapse in March .
id: 3eba540fc0ce08b925676206b78e5cc19dd9212a
chatgpt: Former Bolton Wanderers footballer Fabrice Muamba has tied the knot in a stunning ceremony held at the 19th century Peckforton Castle. The event was held just over six years after Muamba suffered a cardiac arrest during an FA Cup match, which left him "in effect dead" for almost 80 minutes. Muamba's wedding was nothing short of spectacular as the couple opted for a tropical Caribbean-themed event. The guests were treated to a sumptuous feast that included curried goat and jerk chicken, as well as a selection of Caribbean cocktails. The couple couldn't have looked happier on their special day, with both the bride and groom in stunning outfits. The groom was dressed in a bespoke black suit, while the bride looked radiant in a breathtaking white gown. The wedding was attended by many high-profile guests, including Muamba's former Bolton teammates Kevin Davies and Jussi Jaaskelainen, former Man Utd striker Robin van Persie, and former Liverpool and England striker Emile Heskey. Muamba's life-changing ordeal took place back in March 2012 when he collapsed on the pitch during a cup match against Tottenham Hotspur. The incident was broadcast live on television, and it sent shockwaves throughout the football world. Muamba's heart stopped beating for almost 80 minutes, and he was rushed to the hospital in a critical condition. Medical teams worked tirelessly to revive Muamba, and eventually, he made a miraculous recovery. However, the incident ended his football career, and he retired soon after. Since then, Muamba has focused on his family and other interests. His wedding is yet another milestone in his life, and it is a testament to his unwavering spirit and determination. Speaking to reporters, Muamba expressed his joy at tying the knot with his partner of many years. He thanked his family, friends, and fans for their support during his darkest days and said that the wedding was a celebration of life and love. Muamba's triumph over adversity is an inspiration to many, and his wedding is a reminder that there is always hope, even in the darkest of moments. Congratulations, Fabrice Muamba, on your wedding, and we wish you all the happiness in your future together.