article: (CNN) -- Fearing that flocks of unmanned aircraft might soon traverse U.S. skies, the Federal Aviation Administration on Friday quickly appealed a judge's ruling that the agency does not have the authority to regulate commercial drones. The case involves Raphael Pirker, a drone enthusiast fined $10,000 by the FAA for using his 56-inch foam glider to take promotional videos of the University of Virginia Medical Center. The FAA said Pirker's flight ran afoul of its strict rules governing the commercial use of drones. On Friday, less than 24 hours after losing its case, the FAA said it was appealing the decision by Patrick Geraghty, an administrative law judge with the National Transportation Safety Board. "The agency is concerned that this decision could impact ... the safety of people and property on the ground," the FAA said in a statement. Geraghty said FAA regulations approved for manned aircraft did not apply to unmanned aircraft any more than they applied to paper airplanes or balsa wood planes. Pirker's attorney, Brendan Schulman, called it "a tremendously significant decision for model aircraft and commercial drone operators." "As a general matter, the decision finds that the FAA's 2007 policy statement banning the commercial use of model aircraft is not enforceable. It would appear to me to have a very significant impact on other operators," Schulman said. But the decision confounded the FAA, which as recently as last week had publicized its restrictions on commercial use of drones. In a press release headlined "Busting Myths about the FAA and Unmanned Aircraft," it stressed that UAS enthusiasts could not use drones for commercial purposes. "A commercial flight requires a certified aircraft, a licensed pilot and operating approval. To date, only one operation has met these criteria, using Insitu's ScanEagle, and authorization was limited to the Arctic," the FAA's Busting Myths release said. "There are no shades of gray in FAA regulations," the FAA continued. "Anyone who wants to fly an aircraft-manned or unmanned-in U.S. airspace needs some level of FAA approval." The flight that got Pirker in trouble occurred October 17, 2011, when he remotely piloted a $130 RiteWing Zephyr II aircraft at the campus medical center. The FAA investigated, and the following April it proposed a $10,000 civil penalty, saying that Pirker operated the plane "in a careless or reckless manner so as to endanger the life or property of another." Pirker operated the aircraft within about 50 feet of numerous individuals, about 20 feet of a crowded street, and within approximately 100 feet of an active heliport at UVA, the FAA alleged. One person had to take "evasive measures" to avoid being struck by the aircraft, the agency said. Pirker appealed the case to the NTSB, where the case went before Geraghty. The FAA is appealing the matter to the full safety board.
highlights: Raphael Pirker remotely piloted a model plane for commercial purposes . The FAA said he needed to get authorization beforehand . But federal administrative judge sides with pilot, dumps fine . FAA appealed, saying it fears the decision could impact safety .
id: 01b6139a9ed19d594a51210d3ac5a3052606b7ce
chatgpt: A federal administrative judge has dismissed the fine imposed on Raphael Pirker, a model plane pilot, who remotely piloted a small aircraft for a commercial purpose without obtaining prior authorization from the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA). The FAA fined Pirker $10,000 in 2011 after he used a tiny aircraft to capture video footage of the University of Virginia.  Pirker had argued that the FAA was not authorized to regulate model aircraft flight and that the agency had not followed proper procedures when it fined him. Judge Patrick Geraghty agreed with Pirker's arguments and dismissed the fine, citing lack of regulatory authority.  While the decision was hailed by model aircraft enthusiasts, the FAA has expressed concerns over the impact it could have on aviation safety. The agency has been working on creating new regulations that would enable the safe integration of drones, or unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs), into the nation's airspace.  The FAA has reportedly appealed the judge's decision to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB), arguing that the agency has regulatory authority over model aircraft flight. The FAA believes that the unauthorized flight of model aircraft for commercial purposes could pose a safety risk, potentially colliding with manned aircraft, buildings or other objects. According to the FAA, photographs and videos taken by drones could compromise privacy of individuals and create security risks.  However, model aircraft enthusiasts believe that the FAA's concerns are overstated and that over-regulation could kill innovation and potential commercial benefits associated with UAVs. According to the Academy of Model Aeronautics, a national organization that represents model aircraft enthusiasts, UAVs have numerous beneficial applications, such as surveying crops, monitoring wildlife, and inspecting industrial sites, among others. In addition, UAVs can be used for search and rescue missions, disaster relief efforts, and law enforcement applications, without risking human lives.  The FAA's initial attempt to regulate model aircraft flight drew sharp criticism from hobbyists, who argued that FAA's actions were overly broad and would restrict their flying activities. In response, the FAA issued a set of guidelines for recreational use of drones, which limit flights to within sight, below 400 feet, and away from manned aircraft. However, the FAA's guidelines do not apply to commercial use of drones, which requires a special permit. The FAA has been criticized for slow progress in issuing commercial permits, with some companies turning to international markets to test their technology.  The NTSB, which hears appeals of FAA decisions, has yet to decide on the issue. Experts believe that the case could have far-reaching implications for the unmanned aircraft industry, as well as for privacy and safety concerns. The FAA and its supporters argue that the agency's role is essential to ensure safety and protection of the public, while critics see the FAA's actions as an attempt to stifle innovation and curb potential benefits of UAV technology.  The FAA's case against Pirker has brought to the forefront the issue of balancing safety concerns and innovation in a rapidly evolving field. While the FAA's appeals continue, model aircraft enthusiasts and UAV proponents will continue to push for greater flexibility and fewer restrictions on the use of the technology. The outcome of the case will set a precedent for future regulation of drones and could have a profound impact on the way we view and use UAVs.