article: By . Michael Seamark . Publishers met yesterday to sign contracts for the tough new Press watchdog to be launched shortly by the industry. More than 90 per cent of national newspapers and the vast majority of the regional press, along with major magazine publishers, have signed up to the regulator. The Independent Press Standards Organisation (Ipso) is now expected to be up and running by May 1 next year. Paul Vickers, chairman of the industry implementation group, said the response for an ‘independent, tough and effective regulator’ was ‘overwhelmingly positive’. The Independent Press Standards Organisation (Ipso) is now expected to be up and running by May 1 next year . ‘This is an important milestone in the process of setting up the UK’s new self-regulatory system,’ he said. However, publishers say Ipso will not apply for recognition under the Royal Charter drafted by politicians and approved by the Privy Council last month. That amounted to state licensing of the Press and would lead to taxpayers’ money being wasted, MPs were told in a debate on regulation at Westminster Hall on Wednesday. South Dorset MP Richard Drax, who led the debate, said: ‘For all its faults I am proud and fortunate to live in a country with a free and often irreverent Press. Free speech organisations around the world are asking us to rethink. They fear these changes set a dangerous precedent for non-democratic regimes. Our Foreign Secretary William Hague agrees. ‘So why are we going down this road? True democracies erect a barrier between the Government and the Press for lots of good reasons and there is no excuse to dismantle it,’ he said. ‘Those in favour of a Royal Charter say it will not impinge on a free Press. I would disagree.’ Far from being toothless, Mr Drax said Ipso will bring ‘swift and fair redress’ to complainants. ‘Lord Justice Leveson called for a system that all sides could agree to – all sides, please note that word,’ he said. ‘Self-evidently, the Royal Charter fails in this regard and it seems that the Government has seen this for itself.’ Culture Minister Ed Vaizey said the Government is ‘delighted’ with the industry’s progress to establish Ipso.
highlights: More than 90% of national and majority of regional press have signed up . Response for an 'independent' and 'tough' regulator was 'positive' The Independent Press Standards Organisation (Ipso) is now expected to be up and running by May 1 next year .
id: ef4af741a880df017cb698dd23903e9ff7845a99
chatgpt: The majority of national and regional press in the United Kingdom have signed up for an "independent" and "tough" regulator. More than 90% of national press have indicated their commitment to the new regulatory body. The Independent Press Standards Organisation (Ipso) is expected to be fully functional by May 1 next year. The response to the creation of the new regulator has been overwhelmingly positive. The media industry believes that it is essential to have an independent body to ensure that the press adhere to high ethical standards. The new regulator is expected to have a robust system of accountability and to be rigorous in holding the press to account. Ipso has been created in response to the Leveson inquiry, which was set up to investigate the culture, practices, and ethics of the UK press. The inquiry was prompted by the News of the World phone-hacking scandal, which exposed the unethical practices of certain media organizations. The creation of a new regulatory body was seen as crucial to preventing such abuses from happening again. The new regulator will replace the Press Complaints Commission (PCC), which was widely seen as ineffective in enforcing ethical standards in the press. The PCC was criticized for being too close to the media industry and lacking the power to impose meaningful sanctions on those who breached ethical guidelines. Ipso will be fully independent of the press and will have the power to impose financial penalties and force retractions and corrections in cases of breach of ethical guidelines. The regulator will also have a board of independent directors to oversee its activities and to ensure that it operates in an impartial and effective manner. The creation of Ipso has been widely welcomed by the media industry and by the general public. The public has been increasingly concerned about the unethical practices of the press and the need for a strong and independent regulator to enforce standards. In conclusion, the creation of Ipso marks a significant step forward in ensuring that the press in the UK operates with the highest ethical standards. The body is expected to be fully operational by May 1 next year, and its rigorous approach to enforcing ethical guidelines is seen as essential to maintaining the public's trust in the press.