article: James DeGale will risk his guaranteed world title shot against Carl Froch when he takes on Marco Antonio Periban next month. The London super middleweight faces the experienced Mexican on the undercard of Nathan Cleverly’s rematch with Tony Bellew in Liverpool on November 22. Periban lost a majority decision to Sakio Bika for the WBC strap last year but is now without a win in three after drawing with Badou Jack before losing to J’Leon Love last May. James DeGale (above) faces Mexican Marco Antonio Periban in Liverpool next month . A James DeGale slip up would relinquish his mandatory challenger status to Carl Froch’s IBF crown . Should DeGale slip up, he will relinquish his mandatory challenger status to Froch’s IBF crown. ‘This is like a second final eliminator as if I don’t beat him, I don’t box for a world title,’ said DeGale. ‘It’s a good test, he took Sakio Bika close and he had J’Leon Love all over the place and should have finished him off. ‘He’s not a typical Mexican, he can box on the back foot and he’s going to come to fight and that will bring out the best in me. I am looking forward to it, it’s on a great show so roll on November 22. DeGale was last in action in May when he stopped Brandon Gonzales at Wembley in a final eliminator . DeGale stopped Gonzales in the fourth round to earn shot at four-time world champion Froch . ‘I didn’t want an eight round keep busy fight, I wanted a name that will impress people when I win in style and it will set up a fight with Carl. It’s not about me fighting Carl though, it’s about me getting my shot at the world title and making history becoming the first British gold medallist to win a world title.’ Periban, meanwhile, is determined to ensure it is he who earns a shot at Froch. ‘I appreciate this opportunity and will be putting in a huge effort into training, to win and to put on a great show in the UK,’ he said. ‘I lost a close decision to Bika for the WBC title and I want another shot. When I beat DeGale I hope for a shot at Carl Froch but first I am focused on November 22 and taking him out.’ Periban (right) lost to Sakio Bika last year in a challenge for the WBC super-middleweight title .
highlights: A James DeGale slip up would relinquish his shot at Carl Froch’s IBF crown . DeGale's fight is the undercard to Nathan Cleverly versus Tony Bellew . Periban lost a majority decision to Sakio Bika for the WBC strap last year .
id: 9134513289439e33b41b1aa05de7972aed73ecd9
chatgpt: In a crucial moment of his career, James DeGale finds himself standing on the edge of a cliff. One wrong step and he could lose his shot at Carl Froch's coveted IBF crown. DeGale is set to go up against Mexican fighter, Marco Antonio Periban, on the undercard to Nathan Cleverly versus Tony Bellew. DeGale knows that anything less than a win would be a huge setback for his career, especially since he has been waiting for this opportunity for a long time. He has been eyeing Froch's title for a while now and knows that he needs to make a statement in this fight to be taken seriously by the boxing world. Periban, on the other hand, isn't to be taken lightly. While he may not have a lot of experience fighting in the UK, he has proven himself to be a formidable opponent. He lost a majority decision to Sakio Bika for the WBC strap last year, proving that he isn't afraid of taking on tough fights. DeGale has been training hard for this fight and believes that he has what it takes to come out on top. He has been working on his footwork, movement, and overall strategy to ensure that he doesn't make any costly mistakes. The fight promises to be an exciting one, with both fighters bringing their A-game to the ring. DeGale knows that he can't afford to slip up, and he isn't taking Periban lightly. If DeGale manages to win this fight, he will be one step closer to achieving his dream of becoming a world champion. However, if he loses, he will have to start all over again and work his way up the rankings. All eyes will be on DeGale as he steps into the ring on Saturday night. The pressure is on, but he knows how to handle it. He is confident in his abilities, and he isn't going to let this opportunity slip away. The fight will take place at the Echo Arena in Liverpool, and boxing fans around the world will be tuning in to see who emerges victorious. Will DeGale be able to secure a win and keep his title shot alive, or will Periban cause an upset? Only time will tell.