article: A report reveals highly qualified working mothers are being excluded from full-time jobs because they lack flexibility. File photo . Highly qualified mothers are being excluded from full-time jobs because of a lack of flexibility in the work place, according to a report. The survey revealed that two-thirds of employed women were unable to adjust the time they start or finish work. And a quarter said it was difficult to take an hour or two off work to attend to personal matters at short notice. The report by the IPPR think-tank said the UK had a ‘particular problem’ with a lack of part-time work in skilled jobs for highly qualified workers compared to other countries. It means many women with children in Britain are working part time in jobs below their skills level. Women in Sweden and the Netherlands are more able to adapt their working hours than those in the UK, said the report. More than two-fifths of women who work part time do so mainly to take care of children or disabled adults, compared with 6 per cent of men, said IPPR. The report revealed that a third of women in part-time jobs were not happy with the amount of hours they work. The research also showed that women who work part time in the UK are seven times more likely to let care duties dictate their working hours than men in part-time jobs. Dalia Ben-Galim, associate director of IPPR, said: ‘Employers are missing out on top talent and highly qualified women are working in low-skilled jobs. ‘That’s a missed opportunity for both employers and employees. ‘How work is arranged, and employees’ level of autonomy over working hours, can have a big impact on how well people reconcile paid work with other commitments.’ The survey revealed two-thirds of employed women were unable to adjust the time they start or finish work. File photo . She continued: ‘An important indicator for flexibility is how employees’ hours are set, and who has control over this. ‘For example, fixed starting times set by an employer may conflict with the varying and changing needs of families. ‘Flexible working in its current, reduced-hours form simply isn’t flexible enough. ‘The prevalence of rigid scheduling, especially in low-income jobs, often means that even reduced hours work is not sufficient for meeting the more spontaneous demands of care-giving.’
highlights: A quarter of employed women said it was difficult to take time off to attend to personal matters at short notice . UK has a ‘particular problem’ with a lack of part-time work in skilled jobs . It means many mothers are working part-time jobs below their skills level . Women in Sweden and the Netherlands are more able to adapt their working hours than those in the UK, the report said .
id: 916311b15b3588e919eb0ec805c81365f3095bee
chatgpt: A recent report has highlighted the struggles faced by employed women in the UK when it comes to taking time off at short notice for personal reasons. According to the report, around 25 percent of employed women in the country find it difficult to take time off for personal matters due to a lack of flexibility in their jobs. One of the main reasons cited for this lack of flexibility is the perceived shortage of part-time work in skilled jobs. The report identifies this as a ‘particular problem’ in the UK, which has led to many mothers working in part-time roles that are below their skill level. This, in turn, can have a knock-on effect on their career prospects, as they may struggle to progress in their chosen field. This lack of part-time skilled work is a problem that is not seen to the same extent in other countries. According to the report, women in Sweden and the Netherlands are more able to adapt their working hours to suit their personal needs, offering more flexibility when it comes to taking time off at short notice. The report’s authors suggest that taking steps to increase the availability of part-time skilled work in the UK could help to tackle this issue, making it easier for women to balance their work and personal lives. This could include changes to the way that jobs are advertised, or the introduction of more flexible working arrangements. There are already some positive signs that progress is being made in this area. In recent years, there has been a growing recognition of the importance of offering greater flexibility in the workplace, with many companies now offering options such as job-share roles or flexible working hours. However, there is still much work to be done if the UK is to catch up with its European neighbours when it comes to offering working mothers the flexibility they need. The report’s authors suggest that more needs to be done to raise awareness of the benefits of flexible working, as well as to tackle some of the perceived barriers that may be preventing more employers from offering such arrangements. Ultimately, the report concludes that greater flexibility in the workplace is not just good for working mothers, but for employers and the wider economy as well. By embracing more flexible working arrangements, companies can benefit from increased productivity, better employee retention rates and a more diverse workforce – all factors that can help to drive growth and success in the years to come.