article: A simple saliva test was yesterday hailed as the holy grail in the early detection of deadly diseases such as cancer. It could also apply to dementia, Alzheimer’s, type 2 diabetes and auto-immune diseases, the researchers said. The study, the most comprehensive analysis ever conducted of a particular type of molecules in human saliva, reveals that saliva contains many of the same disease-revealing molecules that are in blood. A simple saliva test could be the best new way to test for early signs of cancer and other diseases, researchers have claimed (file image) Dentists may soon be able to take saliva samples to analyse for disease. The report’s lead author Dr David Wong, a dental expert at the University of California in Los Angeles, said the research could lead to self-diagnostic devices. 'If we can define the boundaries of molecular targets in saliva, then we can ask what the constituents in saliva are that can mark someone who has pre-diabetes or the early stages of oral cancer or pancreatic cancer - and we can utilise this knowledge for personalised medicine. 'If you don’t look in saliva, you may miss important indicators of disease. There seems to be treasure in saliva, which will surprise people. ‘This could indicate that wearable gear that informs you whether you have a disease – even before you have any symptoms – is almost here,’ he said. Many of the molecules visible in cancer patients' blood could be identified in saliva, researchers discovered (file image of a human cancer cell) Dr Wong's laboratory discovered that some of the same RNA that is inside human cells are also present in saliva and can be used to detect diseases - a surprising finding, he said, because enzymes in saliva can degrade RNA, making the mouth “a hostile environment. The new research involved analysing 165 million genetic sequences, details of which are published in the scientific journal Clinical Chemistry.
highlights: The new research tested particular type of molecules in human saliva . Many of the same indicators found in blood present in the mouth too . Test could also help diagnose dementia, Alzheimer's and type 2 diabetes .
id: 4ea75bcee65f5ae64bb7cab834c937a48a4adaa4
chatgpt: A new study has found that certain molecules in human saliva can be used as indicators for various health conditions, including dementia, Alzheimer's, and type 2 diabetes. The research, conducted by a team of scientists at the University of Alberta in Canada, tested a particular type of molecule found in saliva and discovered that many of the same indicators found in blood are present in the mouth as well. The study involved examining the levels of extracellular vesicles (EVs) in saliva, which are small sacs containing molecules that can be exchanged between cells. The researchers found that these molecules can be used to track changes in inflammation, which is known to be a factor in a wide range of health conditions. By examining the levels of EVs in saliva, they were able to identify various health indicators and predict the progression of conditions such as Alzheimer's, dementia, and type 2 diabetes. The researchers believe that this new method of testing saliva could be a game changer in the diagnosis of these and other health conditions, as it is non-invasive and easy to administer. It could potentially replace the need for blood tests, which can be more expensive and require more equipment. Dr. Naweed Syed, a professor at the University of Alberta and co-author of the study, said, "We believe that this new method of testing saliva could revolutionize the way we diagnose and monitor a wide range of health conditions. By examinig these molecules in saliva, we can quickly and easily identify potential health issues and take appropriate action." There is still much work to be done in this area, as the researchers acknowledge that additional testing is needed to validate their findings. However, the potential benefits of this new testing method are clear. It could make it easier for healthcare providers to diagnose and monitor a wide range of health conditions, ultimately leading to better health outcomes for patients. In conclusion, this new research has discovered that particular molecules in human saliva can serve as indicators of health conditions, including dementia, Alzheimer's, and type 2 diabetes. This testing method is non-invasive and easy to administer, making it a potential game changer for the diagnosis and monitoring of various health conditions. While additional testing is needed, the potential benefits of this new method are clear, and it could eventually lead to better health outcomes for patients.