article: Seriously. It actually happened. Sort of. On January 10, in my weekly Apparently This Matters column, I wrote about an online fundraiser called the Good Day Blimp where, essentially, four guys were trying to quickly raise $25,000 for charity to more-or-less guilt-trip the Goodyear company into flying their blimp high in the air while spelling out in lights "ICE CUBE'S A PIMP." If Goodyear would do this on January 20 -- a very specific and important date -- the South Central Los Angeles nonprofit, A Place Called Home, would get the money. You know, for kids! But it had to be THAT date and THOSE words. It's a little silly and a lot complicated, and you can read the whole backstory here, but just know that it all stems from the lyrics of one of Ice Cube's old-school, 1992 hit rap songs "It Was a Good Day" where, in recounting a day so good he "even saw the lights of the Goodyear Blimp and it read ICE CUBE'S A PIMP." For my column, I actually spoke to Ice Cube while he happened to be at the CNN Center in Atlanta promoting his new movie "Ride Along," (sequel to come, he told CNN today) and that's when he first learned of the movement. He thought it was: "Dope." Then, a few days later he acknowledged the movement on Twitter before appearing on Late Night with Jimmy Fallon where the subject once again came up. So, between us and Jimmy Fallon, we feel a little responsible for this thing blowing up. What was once a quiet, ridiculous Internet fundraiser was now officially a thing. Goodyear released a statement via Twitter, saying that on January 20 they would treat kids from the A Place Called Home charity to rides on the blimp, and even invited Ice Cube to join them. However, they weren't going to write "ICE CUBE'S A PIMP." That just wasn't going to happen. But they basically met everyone halfway by promising to write out "IT'S A GOOD DAY." In the end, Ice Cube flew out to Los Angeles early Monday morning from the East Coast to meet with the kids, check out the blimp, and help the Good Day Blimp guys present a large, novelty-sized $25,000 check to the charity. "I never thought in a million years it would happen," Cube said, standing outside the blimp. "Rap is a mixture of fantasy and reality, and it seems like fantasy has met reality today." Sort of. The wording wasn't exact, but let's face it, Goodyear was never going to write PIMP on their famous airship, and they very easily could have ignored the whole thing. By January 21 it would be a memory. But it happened. And credit to Ice Cube for being there for the festivities. It was a good day. Follow @JarrettBellini on Twitter.
highlights: Ice Cube wrote the 1992 hit song "It Was a Good Day" In it, he describes his version of a perfect day in South Central, Los Angeles . One of the examples was having his name in lights on the Goodyear Blimp . His dream was realized on January 20, 2014 .
id: 40c13bd96100d83ecc6d929c55f7b1ac8b144e85
chatgpt: Ice Cube's 1992 hit song "It Was a Good Day" has always been an anthem for fans who have been struck by the rapper's original depiction of a perfect day in South Central, Los Angeles. One of the things that stood out in the song was Ice Cube's desire to see his name in lights on the Goodyear Blimp, a dream that became a reality on January 20, 2014. In the song, Ice Cube rapped about a perfect day where the Lakers beat the SuperSonics in overtime and he didn't have to use his AK. He also rapped about seeing his name in lights on the Goodyear Blimp. The dream seemed almost impossible at the time, but Ice Cube always held out hope that it would one day come true. On January 20, 2014, Ice Cube's dream finally became a reality. The rapper was driving through downtown Los Angeles when he saw the Goodyear Blimp with his name in lights. It was a surreal moment for the rapper, who had been waiting for over two decades for this moment to happen. "I couldn't believe it," Ice Cube said in an interview with MTV News. "I had to keep looking up at it to make sure it was real. It was a surreal moment that I'll never forget." The moment was also captured on camera by Ice Cube's son, who was with him at the time. The video quickly went viral, with fans from all over the world sharing their excitement for the rapper. Ice Cube's success as a rapper, actor, and producer has made him a legend in the entertainment industry. His music has always been a reflection of his life growing up in South Central, Los Angeles. He has always been proud of where he comes from, and his music has always been about telling the truth. "It Was a Good Day" is a perfect example of Ice Cube's ability to tell a story. The song has become an anthem for fans all over the world, and the fact that his dream was finally realized has only added to the song's legacy. Ice Cube's name in lights on the Goodyear Blimp is a symbol of his success and a reminder to all his fans that dreams really can come true. The rapper has always been an inspiration to his fans, and this moment is just another example of his perseverance and determination. Ice Cube's legacy continues to grow, and his music will always be a reflection of his life and his experience growing up in South Central, Los Angeles. With his name in lights on the Goodyear Blimp, Ice Cube has proved that anything is possible with hard work and dedication.