article: (CNN) -- McLaren's Lewis Hamilton won the Canadian Grand Prix on Sunday to record his first victory of the Formula One season and move top of the drivers' standings. Frenchman Romain Grosjean in a Lotus produced an impressive drive to finish second, just ahead of Sauber's Sergio Perez. Red Bull's Sebastian Vettel finished fourth, with Ferrari's Fernando Alonso in fifth, which kept the Spaniard just two points behind Hamilton in the title race. "I never had a doubt in my mind that there would not be a possibility to win," said Hamilton, who is the seventh different winner in seven races this season. It was Hamilton's third Canadian Grand Prix victory in five attempts, and his 18th from 97 races overall, while teammate Jenson Button was out of the points in 16th. Latest F1 standings . While Alonso and world champion Vettel opted for a one-stop strategy, Hamilton made two stops but was able to force his way past the Spanish and German drivers. Hamilton had problems at both pit stops -- almost stalling at the first and then had a difficulty with one of his wheels at the second -- but the British driver recovered to first overtake Vettel on lap 62 and then motor past Alonso three laps later. As Alonso's tires faded the Ferrari driver slipped down to fifth, but he did manage to hold off Mercedes driver Nico Rosberg. "Fernando and I took the decision to stay out," said Vettel, explaining Red Bull's race strategy. "I felt pretty comfortable on the tires and obviously we were hoping to get the place back, but as it turned out it was the right thing to go for the second stop. "We decided a few laps from the end to do a pit stop -- a stop here is not so long, about 15 seconds -- and in the end it was the right decision. "Before the stop we were three to four seconds behind Fernando, but we ended up six seconds ahead of him." Grosjean also adopted a one-stop strategy but with better success than Alonso as he secured the second podium placing of his career, both coming this season. "It's been a great day for the team. It was an incredible race and the one stop strategy worked perfectly for us. It wasn't an easy race, but we wanted to be aggressive to achieve a good result," he said. His teammate Kimi Raikkonen was eighth, behind Red Bull's Mark Webber. Sauber had both cars in the points as Japanese driver Kamui Kobayashi was ninth, while Ferrari's Felipe Massa was 10th after recovering from an early spin.
highlights: Canadian Grand Prix produces seventh different winner in seventh race of F1 season . McLaren's Lewis Hamilton wins Montreal race for the third time in his career . Romain Grosjean's Lotus comes second, with Sauber's Sergio Perez in third . Hamilton leads drivers' standings with 88 points, two ahead of Fernando Alonso .
id: cad845b4ee110fe42929b217d1b2fc4878d43dad
chatgpt: The Canadian Grand Prix produced yet another new winner in the seventh race of the Formula 1 season. The nail-biting race in Montreal saw McLaren's Lewis Hamilton take the checkered flag for the third time in his career, marking his first win of the season. Hamilton's impressive performance saw him extend his championship lead to two points ahead of Fernando Alonso who finished seventh in the race. The race got off to a dramatic start with the top three drivers all making contact on the first lap. Pole sitter and defending world champion Sebastian Vettel got off to a slow start and was quickly overtaken by Hamilton and Grosjean. But a close encounter between Grosjean and Vettel saw the Lotus driver spin out, allowing Hamilton to take the lead. From then on, Hamilton put in a dominant performance, managing tyre wear excellently and holding off Romain Grosjean's Lotus. Despite being under constant pressure from the Frenchman, the Brit held his nerve and went on to win the race comfortably. Romain Grosjean settled for second best, despite running a great race himself. The Lotus driver had shown exceptional speed throughout the weekend and had started the race in second place. Though he was unable to match Hamilton's pace, he finished strongly to claim his fourth podium finish of the season. Sauber's Mexican driver Sergio Perez finished in third place, further establishing his reputation as one of the brightest young talents in the sport. He had an impressive race, making swift and effective pit stops, to secure his second podium finish of the season. Sebastian Vettel recovered well after his early mishap to eventually finish in fourth place, less than a second behind Perez, who he put under considerable pressure towards the end of the race. Meanwhile, Fernando Alonso endured a forgettable race and finished in seventh place, collecting just a few points that put him in second place in the standings. Hamilton, who was visibly overjoyed with his win, dedicated his victory to "the fans and the team". He showered praise on his McLaren mechanics, who had worked tirelessly to fine-tune his car and get it performing at its peak. With seven winners in seven races, this Formula 1 season is shaping up to be one of the most unpredictable in recent years. With 88 points under his belt, Hamilton will look to consolidate his position at the top of the leaderboard at the European Grand Prix in Valencia in two weeks' time. The pressure is mounting on his rivals as they seek to catch up to the flying Brit.