article: By . Leon Watson . PUBLISHED: . 14:12 EST, 1 November 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 14:44 EST, 1 November 2012 . Christopher Tappin, 65, always maintained his innocence, saying he was a victim of an FBI sting. He has since pleaded guilty . A retired British businessman who was extradited to the U.S. earlier this year has pleaded guilty at a court hearing to selling surface-to-air missile parts to Iran. Christopher Tappin, 65, had pleaded not guilty but changed his plea at a hearing in El Paso, Texas, this afternoon in an agreement with US prosecutors. His guilty plea, to one count of the indictment, calls for a 33-month sentence which prosecutors have said they will not oppose him serving back in the UK. U.S. District Judge David Briones will sentence Tappin, of Orpington, Kent, on January 9. Tappin is on bail after being extradited to the US in February. The former president of the Kent Golf Union has previously denied attempting to sell batteries for surface-to-air missiles which were to be shipped from the US to Tehran via the Netherlands, saying he was the victim of an FBI sting. His wife Elaine, 62, said ahead of today's hearing that 'however upsetting' a plea deal was, it marked the beginning of his 'swift and safe return' to the UK. Tappin's lawyer, Dan Cogdell, said he expected him to serve several months in a US prison while authorities in Washington and the UK decide whether to extradite him. He was originally thought to have faced up to 35 years in jail if found guilty. The case followed an investigation which started in 2005 when US agents asked technology providers about buyers who might have raised red flags. Those customers were then approached by undercover companies set up by government agencies.Two other men have already been sentenced. Briton Robert Gibson, an associate of Tappin who agreed to co-operate, was jailed for 24 months after pleading guilty to conspiracy to export defence articles. Tappin, with his wife Elaine, before being handed over to the US to face arms dealing charges . Gibson provided customs agents with . about 16,000 computer files and emails indicating that he and Tappin had . long-standing commercial ties with Iranian customers. American Robert Caldwell was also . found guilty of aiding and abetting the illegal transport of defence . articles and served 20 months in prison. Plea bargaining is common in the US, . with defendants often able to secure a more lenient sentence if they . admit an offence and co-operate with prosecutors, rather than contest . the charges in a trial. Tappin's UK lawyer, Karen Todner, who . also represented computer hacker Gary McKinnon in his successful . 10-year fight against extradition, said 98 per cent of people who enter the US . justice system agree a plea deal. Sorry we are unable to accept comments for legal reasons.
highlights: Retired British businessman from Kent previously denied the charge . He changed his plea at a hearing in Texas in agreement with prosecutors .
id: 3f996c0b4db0a9de15d30c4ae73a85df1fb5b458
chatgpt: A retired British businessman from Kent changed his plea during a hearing in Texas on Friday. The man, whose identity has not been released, was previously charged with an undisclosed crime, which he had denied. However, during the hearing, the man agreed with prosecutors, changing his plea from not guilty to guilty. It is not clear what led to his change of heart or what sentence he now faces. The sudden shift in plea may come as a surprise, as the man had previously maintained his innocence. It is not known if any new evidence was presented during the hearing or if the prosecution offered a plea deal. The man's case has garnered attention from the media, as many speculate about the nature of the crime he is accused of committing. Some have pointed out that the fact that he is a retired businessman suggests a white-collar crime, such as embezzlement or fraud. However, until more information is released, it is impossible to know exactly what the man is accused of doing. The fact that he has changed his plea does suggest, however, that he acknowledges that he did something wrong. The man's sudden change in plea raises questions about the criminal justice system and why people change their minds about their guilt. Some may argue that the pressure of a trial, the prospect of a lengthy sentence, or the fear of going to prison may convince some people to plead guilty, even if they are innocent. Others may argue that people change their plea because they feel guilty about what they have done, or because they believe that by doing so they will receive a more lenient sentence. Whatever the reason behind the man's change of heart, it is likely that he will face some sort of punishment for his actions. The exact nature of that punishment will not be known until after the sentencing hearing. It is also possible that we will never know the full story behind the man's crime, as many details may remain confidential or sealed by the court. However, his case serves as a reminder that even retired businessmen can find themselves facing serious legal consequences. In the end, the man's guilty plea may bring closure to his case and provide some sense of justice for those affected by his actions. However, it also raises larger questions about the criminal justice system and the factors that influence a person's decision to plead guilty or not guilty.