article: (CNN) -- Billionaire Saudi Prince Alwaleed bin Talal has reiterated his support for giving women the right to drive in Saudi Arabia, announcing via Twitter that it would help the economy and reduce the number of foreign workers there. "The question of women driving will result in being able to dispense with at least 500,000 (foreign) drivers, in addition to the social and economic benefits," he tweeted Sunday. In the deeply conservative kingdom, women are prohibited from driving, and many must rely on foreign drivers for transportation. Women's rights activist Wajeha Al-Huwaider said Monday that she was glad to hear bin Talal's comments, but she didn't think it would amount to much. "We got used to him saying the right things but nothing happens," she said. "I think he only makes headlines, but then nothing happens." Al-Huwaider said that while she found it interesting that bin Talal put the issue in terms of how much it was costing the country, she has "stopped following any news reports about women driving" until she hears it addressed by Abdullah. Saudi Arabia is home to around 9 million foreign workers. In recent weeks, thousands of them have been deported in a crackdown by authorities against illegal immigrants. Last week, Saudi King Abdullah granted foreigners working there illegally a three-month grace period in order to legalize their status. Bin Talal, one of the richest men in the world, is the nephew of Abdullah and is considered by some to be a champion of women's rights and empowerment. Last year, his wife, Princess Ameerah al-Taweel, made headlines on the same issue when she spoke out, saying driving laws there should be reformed. "I think it's a very easy decision," she told CNN's Christiane Amanpour last September. "And it is for the government. A lot of people are saying this is a social issue. ... Education was a social issue. And a lot of people in Saudi Arabia were against women getting educated. Yet the decision was made." There are no specific traffic laws that make it illegal for women to drive in Saudi Arabia. However, religious edicts are often interpreted as prohibiting female drivers. Such edicts also prevent women from opening bank accounts, obtaining passports or even going to school without the presence of a male guardian. In 2011, a group called Women2Drive began a campaign demanding that women be given the right to drive in Saudi Arabia. The movement was sparked by the arrest that year of Manal al-Sharif, a Saudi technology consultant and mother who was detained for nine days for driving her own car. Many of her supporters posted videos and pictures of themselves online driving in various Saudi cities.
highlights: Alwaleed bin Talal says move would help the economy, reduce the number of foreign workers . But activist says it will mean more when Saudi Arabia's king addresses the issue . Women are prohibited from driving in Saudi Arabia, a deeply conservative kingdom . In 2011, the group Women2Drive demanded that women be given the right to drive in the country .
id: 63ef3c2262fbb8610729b9c803ebae122e781053
chatgpt: Prince Alwaleed bin Talal, a prominent Saudi Arabian businessman and member of the royal family, has suggested lifting the ban on women driving in the conservative kingdom. Alwaleed argues that the move would help boost the Saudi economy, as well as reducing the number of foreign workers in the country. Currently, women are prohibited from driving in Saudi Arabia, a deeply conservative society where women are expected to be subservient to men. The ban has been criticized by women's rights activists and international organizations such as Amnesty International. The issue of women driving in Saudi Arabia has been the subject of controversy for years. In 2011, the group Women2Drive demanded that women be given the right to drive in the country. Several women were arrested and punished for defying the ban by getting behind the wheel. Alwaleed's comments have been welcomed by some, but there are those who believe that real change can only come from the top, when Saudi Arabia's king addresses the issue directly. While many countries in the Middle East have made progress in women's rights, including allowing women to drive, Saudi Arabia remains one of the most conservative societies in the region. Activists argue that lifting the ban on women driving would be a significant step forward for women's rights in the kingdom. Opponents of lifting the ban argue that it is not in line with traditional Saudi values, and could lead to increased immorality and promiscuity. Some also argue that it would be too dangerous for women to drive in Saudi Arabia's notoriously chaotic traffic. Alwaleed, however, believes that lifting the ban would be a positive step for the Saudi economy, as it would create new job opportunities for Saudi women, reducing the need for foreign workers. He also argues that it would promote gender equality and help to change the negative image of Saudi Arabia in the international community. The issue of women's rights in Saudi Arabia is likely to remain a contentious one for some time to come. While Alwaleed's comments have been seen as a positive step forward by many, there are still many obstacles that need to be overcome before true gender equality can be achieved in the kingdom.