article: Jose Mourinho slammed the first-half display from his Chelsea players in Maribor but ultimately blamed the Italian officials for two dropped points. Click HERE to read Matt Barlow's match report from the Stadio Judski . The Chelsea boss hauled off misfiring strikers Willian and Andre Schurrle at half-time and Luis Filipe soon after half-time, when his team were trailing to a wonderful goal from Agim Ibraimi. Nemanja Matic equalised and the Londoners are now 16 games unbeaten in all competitions this season, and the they would have won had Eden Hazard not missed a penalty, five minutes from time. Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho was not happy with the performance of Italian official Daniele Orsato . Blues playmaker Eden Hazard missed an 85th minute penalty against the Slovenian outfit . 'In the first half we were not good,' said Mourinho. 'Very slow; no intensity, no creativity. It was easy for Maribor to control the game and reach what they wanted to reach, a 0-0. 'I tried to improve my team. When you try to improve your team, sometimes it's for tactical reasons. Other times it's for individual performances. I think I was successful with the changes I did. 'In the second half the team were much better than in the first half. I thought we played magnificently: creative, fast, good dynamic, a lot of chances to score. Only when Maribor scored did the players realise the game was in danger. 'After that, a fantastic reaction. We deserved to win, clearly.We didn't reach the number of goals that we should have in the second half, but the team played well. And we scored a great second goal.' Diego Costa had a 'goal' ruled out for offside moments before Hazard's penalty was saved . Mourinho was not happy with the side which started the match against Maribor - Willian and Andre Schurrle were taken off at the interval . The 'second goal' was a reference to the disallowed goal prodded in by Diego Costa moments before Hazard's penalty was saved. It looked very tight, perhaps marginally onside, and he did not miss the chance to take a swipe at referee Daniele Orsato. They have history stretching back to Mourinho's time with Inter Milan, when Orsato twice dismissed the Portuguese from the touchline. 'We scored two goals, two very good goals,' said the Chelsea boss. 'The second goal, the referee decided to disallow but it's a clear goal. Normally we should win because we scored two goals. But we have to accept it and to praise a fantastic stadium with lots of enthusiasm. 'For the people, it was a fantastic night, and Maribor gave everything. They fought. They had a fantastic goalkeeper. And the referee's team didn't have a good night.' Heated: Mourinho clashes with Orsato during a Serie A match when in charge at Inter Milan .
highlights: Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho was not happy with the Italian officials . Mourinho was forced into making a double substitution at half-time . The Blues failed to win their Champions League clash against Maribor . Eden Hazard missed a late penalty against the Slovenian outfit .
id: d2b94405c193a9fbaa1d4912698c27c8f1e8d497
chatgpt: Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho has expressed his displeasure towards the Italian officials after his side's Champions League clash against Maribor. The Portuguese manager was forced into making a double substitution at half-time as the Blues failed to secure a win in Slovenia. The match ended in a 1-1 draw with Eden Hazard missing a late penalty that could have sealed victory for the English club. In his post-match interview, Mourinho stated that he was not happy with the performance of the officials from Italy. He claimed that they made decisions that were not fair to his team and seemed to favour the opposition. He also criticised the booking of midfielder Cesc Fabregas and suggested that it was unjustified. The Chelsea boss was visibly frustrated with his team's performance in the first half and took action by making a double substitution. Didier Drogba and Ramires were brought in to replace Loic Remy and Andre Schurrle respectively. However, despite the changes, the Blues were unable to break down the Maribor defence and were forced to settle for a draw. Eden Hazard, who has been Chelsea's standout player this season, had a chance to win the game for his side in the dying minutes, but his penalty kick was saved by Maribor goalkeeper Jasmin Handanovic. It was a missed opportunity that left Mourinho and the Chelsea fans disappointed. Chelsea had gone into the game as overwhelming favourites, having won their previous Champions League match against Sporting Lisbon convincingly. However, they were unable to replicate their performance and had to settle for a point. The draw leaves them top of Group G with eight points from four games, but they will need to improve if they are to progress to the knockout stages of the competition. Mourinho will be hoping that his players can bounce back from this result and return to winning ways in the Premier League. Chelsea currently sit at the top of the English top-flight, having won eight of their eleven games so far this season. They face a tough test in their next match, as they take on Liverpool at Anfield. The Portuguese manager will also be hoping that his team's fortune changes in Europe. Chelsea have been knocked out of the Champions League at the semi-final stage for the past two seasons, and Mourinho will be keen to avoid a repeat of that disappointment. In conclusion, Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho was left frustrated after his side's Champions League clash against Maribor. The Italian officials came under scrutiny from the manager, who was forced into making a double substitution at half-time. Despite Eden Hazard's missed penalty, Chelsea remain top of their group, but they will need to improve if they are to progress further in the competition.