article: (CNN) -- Kenya's bar association is calling for the prosecution of men who publicly strip women because of the way they dress. "The ongoing brutality that is stripping our women in public for allegedly dressing in an indecent manner must be brought to an end," Eric Mutua, chairman of the Law Society of Kenya, said in a statement. Mutua urged Keriako Tobiko, director of public prosecutions, to take action and for the national police to form a special unit to patrol areas where these crimes are likely to happen. "These kinds of actions are not only illegal but immoral by all standards and should never be tolerated or condoned in a civilized society," Mutua said. In an recent incident, a group of men stripped a woman naked in Nairobi after accusing her of "indecent" dressing. The attack was captured on video and prompted outrage on social media under the hashtag #mydressmychoice. In footage posted on YouTube and shown on local television, attackers confronted the woman at a bus stop. The men pushed and shoved her, eventually stripping her naked. In the background, attackers yell "Toa" -- Swahili for "take it off!" -- as they tug at her clothes. Kenyans took to the streets of Nairobi on November 17 to protest the attacks. Protesters marched through the capital's downtown carrying placards that read "My dress, my choice," while others donned miniskirts, the same attire the unidentified woman wore when she was attacked. Some men wore dresses to show their support. More iReport photos: #MyDressMyChoice . It is not the first time a woman has been undressed for purported indecent dressing in the East African nation, which is a majority Christian. After the videotaped incident, other instances of women getting undressed were reported, including in Mombasa, Kenya's second-largest city. The issue in not limited to Kenya. Over the years, there have been similar occurrences elsewhere in Africa, including Malawi, Cameroon and Zimbabwe. Kenyan authorities have said they are investigating the incidents. CNN's Daisy Carrington and Rachel Rodriguez contributed to this report.
highlights: "These kinds of actions are not only illegal but immoral by all standards," chairman says . A video of men stripping a woman in Nairobi went viral this month . The attack prompted outrage on social media under the hashtag #mydressmychoice .
id: 5497b33dc9da48798052c62c4e8404252e7500c3
chatgpt: The chairman of a local Kenyan human rights organization has spoken out against a recent incident that has caused outrage both in Kenya and around the world. In a statement, the chairman condemned the actions of a group of men who were caught on video stripping a woman in Nairobi. "These kinds of actions are not only illegal but immoral by all standards," the chairman said. "We condemn this act and call for the perpetrators to be brought to justice." The video, which was posted on social media earlier this month, shows a group of men surrounding a woman and forcibly removing her clothes. The attack has sparked outrage in Kenya, where many have taken to social media using the hashtag #mydressmychoice to express their solidarity with the victim and to call for an end to violence against women. The incident has also brought attention to the issue of sexual harassment and gender-based violence in Kenya. According to recent data, more than one in three women in the country has experienced some form of sexual or physical abuse. In response to the attack, several organizations and activists have called for increased efforts to combat gender-based violence in Kenya. Many have also called for the government to take action to ensure that women are protected from such attacks. "We need to see stronger measures in place to prevent and respond to gender-based violence," said one activist. "This kind of behavior is simply unacceptable and cannot be allowed to continue." The incident has also raised concerns about the role of social media in reporting and responding to incidents of violence. While many have praised the use of social media in raising awareness of the attack, some have also expressed concern about the potential for further harm to victims. "We need to be careful about how we use social media in these cases," said one commentator. "While it can be a powerful tool for raising awareness and encouraging action, we also need to ensure that we protect the privacy and safety of victims." As the investigation into the attack continues, many are hoping that the perpetrators will be brought to justice and that the incident will serve as a reminder of the urgent need to address the issue of gender-based violence in Kenya.