article: (CNN) -- A priceless piece of American presidential history will go on sale next week in New York. President George Washington's personal copy of the Acts of Congress, including the United States Constitution and a draft of the Bill of Rights with his own handwritten notations will be sold at auction. It is estimated to fetch between $2 million and $3 million, according to Christie's Auction House. "It gives us a very clear picture of the first president and his determination to be president according to the rules bound by the Constitution and later by the Bill of Rights," said Chris Coover, senior specialist in books and manuscripts at Christie's. "It's unique. There is nothing like it. This is the only annotated Constitution that Washington ever did and it's a wonderful evocation of a great man," Coover said. The presidential artifact was specially printed and bound for the first American president in 1789. Two similar versions were created for Secretary of State Thomas Jefferson and Attorney General John Jay. President Washington wrote notes in pencil that are still visible in the margins of the text. Washington's signature is also on the cover page. "These notations highlight key passages concerning the president's responsibilities, testifying to Washington's careful, conscientious approach to his powers and responsibilities in his groundbreaking first term," according to Christie's. The 223-year-old presidential volume includes an engraved bookplate with the Washington family crest emblazoned on a marbleized inside cover. This piece of American history was part of the personal archive of noted collector H. Richard Dietrich Jr. The historic volume is being sold by his estate, according to Christie's. The book was part of the president's personal library held at Mount Vernon until 1876. It was sold at auction and has had several notable owners since that time, including William Randolph Hearst and the Heritage Foundation, according to Christie's. Bidding for the object opens at 12:30 p.m. June 22 in Rockefeller Plaza.
highlights: Artifact was specially printed and bound for the first American president in 1789 . Washington's handwritten notes are visible in the margins . It is estimated to fetch between $2 million and $3 million, auction house says .
id: 5baa36eb04d580d3b8ce851b962c09cd089fd5c0
chatgpt: A rare piece of American history is set to go under the hammer at a New York auction this week. The special artifact, a book specially printed and bound for President George Washington in 1789, is expected to fetch between $2 million and $3 million, according to the auction house. Washington's love for books is well known, and he was an enthusiastic reader throughout his life. This book, which is a copy of the Acts of Congress, was printed just a year after the U.S. Constitution was ratified. The book's significance cannot be overstated, as it holds the first federal law to be officially passed, the Judiciary Act of 1789. The artifact is not only important for its historical significance, but also because of Washington's own involvement in its creation. Washington's handwritten notes and annotations are visible in the margins of the book, which offer an intimate glimpse into the mind of one of America's greatest leaders. The book itself is a piece of art, with its brown Moroccan leather binding and gold lettering. It was printed by the New York printer Francis Childs, who was tasked with producing the first official copies of the Acts of Congress. Washington was given a special copy, which was bound in leather and had his name inscribed in gold. The book has remained in excellent condition over the years, due in large part to the care with which Washington handled it. It passed down through Washington's family for many years before being purchased by a private collector, who is now putting it up for auction. The auction house expects the rare book to attract a great deal of interest from collectors and history enthusiasts alike, given its historical significance and the fact that it belonged to the first American president. It is likely to be the highlight of the auction, which includes a variety of other rare manuscripts and artifacts. The sale of this historic artifact is a reminder of the important role that books and written documents have played in shaping our nation's history. The Acts of Congress may be little-known today, but they represented the foundation of our government and the birth of our democracy. The sale of this book is a chance to reflect on our past and the remarkable people who helped forge our nation.