article: It sounds like something from a science fiction film, but a pill to counter the ageing process could become a reality. Scientists in Russia are testing a new formula, which they claim can delay the start of the ageing process. They hope the tablet, which is being tested on rats, mice, fish and dogs, will allow people to live to at least 120. Scroll down for video . Scientists are working on a pill to counter ageing that would allow people to live to 120. They are testing a new formula on rats, mice, fish and dogs, which they claim can delay the ageing process . Researcher Dr Maxim Skulachev, from the Moscow State University project, said: 'A lot of aging diseases developed much slower.' The scientists are using a 'new type of antioxidant', which they hope will impact on on the mitochondria, the energy-producing part of cells, which is seen as triggering ageing. 'The mitochondria are to be blamed for heart attacks, they are linked to diseases like Alzheimer's and Parkinson's,' he said. Dr Maxim Skulachev, from the Moscow State University said if successful, ''t will be possible to postpone old age' He pointed to the naked mole-rat of east Africa renowned for longevity and evidently immune to cancer. A realistic goal was to aim for a life span for humans of 120, and anti-ageing medication was 'technically possible', he told Moskovsky Komsomolets newspaper. 'I don't believe we will be able to live to 800,' he said. 'Most probably, some new disease will emerge, let's say, a typical disease for a 120-year-old. 'That was the case with cancer, which was a rare disease when ancient people died much younger.' The Russian tests have not led to an significant life span increase, but delayed the onset of ageing, he said. 'If it turns out that diseases develop more slowly, our idea to fight aging through mitochondria is the right one, added Dr Skulachev, who has been working to perfect his treatment for decades. 'It will be possible to postpone old age.'
highlights: Russian scientists have tested a new formula on rats, mice, fish and dogs . They are using a new type of antioxidant which will impact on mitochondria . These are the energy-producing part of cells, thought to trigger ageing . Mitochondria can be blamed for heart attacks and are linked to Alzheimer's .
id: 04fed1cb6de89b8aca5dc2d9d8f512ceb5db80cb
chatgpt: Russian scientists have made a groundbreaking discovery that could impact the world of health in a major way. Their new formula, tested on rats, mice, fish and dogs, involves a previously unknown type of antioxidant that targets mitochondria. Mitochondria are an essential part of cells that are responsible for producing energy. They are also notorious for triggering ageing and being connected to a variety of diseases, including heart attacks and Alzheimer's. The new formula aims to directly address the impact that mitochondria can have on the body. By using this antioxidant, the scientists were able to mitigate the effects of ageing and reduce the risks of certain diseases. They believe that this could be the first step in a larger effort to change the way we approach healthcare. There are already many known benefits of antioxidants, such as reducing inflammation and fighting harmful free radicals. But this new formula takes things a step further by specifically targeting mitochondria. This could make a significant difference in the treatment and prevention of many conditions. The testing was conducted on a variety of animals to ensure the safety and effectiveness of the new formula. The results were promising, with noticeable improvements in the subjects' health and longevity. The scientists are hopeful that these findings will translate to humans and offer a new way to combat age-related diseases. This discovery has the potential to revolutionize healthcare and change the way we approach ageing. By targeting the underlying causes of disease, rather than just treating the symptoms, we can improve our overall health and wellbeing. The Russian scientists behind this formula are already working to develop it further and bring it to the masses. As always, there are still many questions to be answered and further research to be conducted. However, the initial findings are promising and could lead to a brighter, healthier future for us all. This breakthrough discovery could be the key to unlocking a new era of healthcare and we are excited to see where it takes us.