article: (CNN)  -- Attackers firebombed three churches in the southeast Asian nation of Malaysia overnight, assaults that come amid widespread Muslim ire over a court ruling that allowed Christians to use the word Allah as a term for God. Malaysian news reports said no casualties have been reported, and police have promised to step up security for churches and other places of worship. But the acts stirred unease in the diverse society -- where 60 percent of the people are Muslim, 19 percent are Buddhist, 9 percent are Christian and 6 percent are Hindu. "We regret the irresponsible actions of certain extremist elements for the recent spate of firebombs thrown into church premises. These actions display their immaturity and intolerance toward others within a multi-racial society," the National Evangelical Christian Fellowship of Malaysia said in a statement. The violence comes as Muslims protest a recent court ruling that allowed a Catholic newspaper to use the word "Allah" for God. Muslims believe Allah, an Arabic word, should only be used by Muslims. A stay has been placed on the order on the grounds of national interest. Muslims took to the streets Friday to protest the use of the word by non-Muslims, and authorities such as Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak called for the matter to be resolved in court amicably and expressed hope the protests don't deteriorate. "We should not raise the tension level in this country," he said Thursday, as quoted by Bernama, the Malaysian National News Agency. Yang di-Pertuan Agong Tuanku Mizan Zainal Abidin, Malaysia's head of state, on Friday called for calm and the spirit of unity, according to a Bernama report. The three churches attacked were in the Kuala Lumpur region. They are the Metro Tabernacle Church, the Assumption Church and the Life Chapel. The attacks occurred late Thursday night and early Friday. "It's incumbent upon the Malaysian government to investigate the church bombings and to prosecute the perpetrators of this religiously motivated violence," said Leonard Leo, chairman of the U.S. Commission on International Religious Freedom, an independent federal agency that makes recommendations to Congress and the president regarding how to handle violations of religious freedom around the world. "There are many parts of the world where Christians do use the world 'Allah' in their translations of the Bible," he told CNN in a telephone interview. "So the Malaysian Supreme Court ruling that overturns the government's ban on the use of the word is not inconsistent with what the practice would be elsewhere around the world. The Malaysian ban is what's unusual, not the court's ruling."
highlights: Muslims oppose recent court ruling allowing a Catholic newspaper to use the word "Allah" for God . 60 percent of the people in Malaysia are Muslim, while 9 percent are Christian . The three churches attacked were in the Kuala Lumpur region of the country .
id: 08afa236214b479e9a0fac95dd31c2f853248f25
chatgpt: Muslims in Malaysia are protesting a court ruling that allows a Catholic newspaper to use the word "Allah" to refer to "God." This decision has stirred up religious tensions in this Southeast Asian nation where more than 60% of the population is Muslim, and about 9% is Christian. Earlier this year, the Malaysian Court of Appeals ruled that the Catholic newspaper, The Herald, could use the word "Allah" in its publications. The word, which originates from Arabic, has been used by Malay-speaking Christians to refer to God for hundreds of years. As the news of the court ruling spread, Muslim groups in various parts of the country reacted angrily, saying that the use of the word "Allah" by Christians was an attempt to "confuse and mislead" Muslims. They believe that the use of the word by Christians is a way to convert Muslims to Christianity. Several churches in Malaysia have been targets of attacks in recent years, with the attackers citing their opposition to the use of the word "Allah" by non-Muslims. In 2010, three churches in the Kuala Lumpur region were firebombed, leading the government to impose tighter security measures around religious institutions. The Archbishop of Kuala Lumpur, Julian Leow, has condemned the recent attacks and called for calm. He has urged Malaysians to work towards peaceful coexistence in this multi-ethnic and multi-religious nation. Muslim leaders, however, are demanding that the court ruling be overturned, saying that the use of the word "Allah" by non-Muslims is a violation of Islamic teachings. They argue that the word "Allah" is exclusively for Muslims, and that its use by other religious groups is an affront to the Muslim faith. The Malaysian government has tried to balance the interests of different religious groups, and has taken a cautious stance on the issue. Prime Minister Muhyiddin Yassin recently said that the government would uphold the court ruling, but also warned against the use of the word "Allah" in a way that could create tension or conflict. Some religious scholars have suggested that a compromise could be reached by using different terms for God in different languages. For example, using the Malay word "Tuhan" to refer to God in publications meant for Malay-speaking Christians. The debate over the use of the word "Allah" by non-Muslims is likely to continue in Malaysia, where religion plays an important role in everyday life. It is an issue that will require careful handling by the government and religious leaders to maintain peace and harmony in this diverse and colorful country.