article: Washington (CNN) -- President Obama announced Thursday that the federal government will spend $8 billion developing a nationwide high-speed train system -- an investment the White House says is needed to help spur long-term economic growth. The investment, to be made through a series of state grants, will be funded through the government's $862 billion economic stimulus package. Overall, projects and planning involving the rail corridors will take place in 31 states, according to a White House statement. The program "will help accelerate job growth in an economy that is already beginning to grow," Obama said at a town hall at the University of Tampa in Florida. "There is no reason why other countries can build high-speed rail lines and we can't," Obama said. More than 30 rail manufacturers have agreed to establish or expand U.S. operations if they are hired to work on the high-speed rail network, the administration said. The president first mentioned the program in his State of the Union speech Wednesday night. The administration initially released an outline for a national high-speed rail network last April. Each of the corridors identified by the administration last year are between 100 and 600 miles long. The program is "a long-term venture in which states will need to plan projects, purchase and lay track, build and assemble equipment, and construct or upgrade train stations, tunnels and bridges," the statement said. In addition to the $8 billion mentioned by Obama, the plan also includes $1 billion a year for five years in the federal budget "as a down payment to jump-start the program," the White House said. Train corridors in the program include: . -- San Diego-Los Angeles-San Luis Obispo in California . -- Oakland-Sacramento in California . -- Portland-Eugene in Oregon . -- Seattle-Portland in Washington and Oregon . -- Chicago-St. Louis in Illinois and Missouri . -- St. Louis-Kansas City in Missouri . -- Minneapolis/St. Paul-Madison in Minnesota and Wisconsin . -- Madison-Milwaukee in Wisconsin . -- Milwaukee-Chicago in Wisconsin and Illinois . -- Cleveland-Columbus-Cincinnati in Ohio . -- Detroit/Pontiac-Chicago in Michigan, Indiana and Illinois . -- Tampa-Orlando in Florida . -- Raleigh-Charlotte in North Carolina . -- Washington-Richmond in the District of Columbia and Virginia . -- Raleigh-Richmond in North Carolina and Virginia . -- New York City-Albany-Buffalo in New York . -- New York City-Montreal in New York and Quebec, Canada. -- Boston-New York-Washington in Massachusetts, Rhode Island, Connecticut, New York, New Jersey, Delaware, Maryland, and the District of Columbia . -- Brunswick-Portland in Maine . -- Philadelphia-Harrisburg-Pittsburgh in Pennsylvania . -- Springfield-East Northfield in Massachusetts . -- New Haven-Springfield in Connecticut and Massachusetts .
highlights: Projects and planning involving rail corridors will take place in 31 states, White House says . Investment will be made through state grants funded by $862 billion stimulus package . More than 30 rail manufacturers agree to establish or expand U.S. operations if hired .
id: 90da7154ddb51f04b7c718e2c596f8c12a241c2d
chatgpt: The White House has announced that projects and planning involving rail corridors will be taking place in 31 states across the United States. This initiative is being fueled by state grants that are funded by a $862 billion stimulus package. This is expected to bring significant benefits to the transportation industry as a whole. As part of this initiative, more than 30 rail manufacturers have agreed to establish or expand operations in the United States if hired. This has been touted as a significant milestone in the development of the country's transportation infrastructure. The manufacturers in question have reportedly expressed a desire to take advantage of the favorable market conditions in the US, and are keen to invest in the country's future. The investment being made through state grants is expected to create a significant number of jobs across the US. This is especially important given the current economic climate, as many people are struggling to find secure and meaningful employment. By investing in the transportation industry, the government is hoping to stimulate economic growth and create new opportunities for workers in a range of different industries. The rail corridors that will be developed as part of this initiative will be instrumental in improving transportation links between different parts of the country. This is an important step towards achieving greater integration and cooperation within the US economy as a whole. By facilitating the movement of goods and people, the rail corridors will help to boost trade and commerce, and provide new opportunities for businesses to expand and grow. The White House has also emphasized the environmental benefits of this initiative. By investing in rail transport, the government is helping to reduce the country's reliance on fossil fuels and promote more sustainable forms of transportation. This will have significant long-term benefits for the environment, and will help to ensure that the US remains a leader in the fight against climate change. Overall, this is a significant development in the ongoing effort to improve the country's transportation infrastructure. The investment being made through state grants, combined with the commitment of rail manufacturers to establish or expand operations in the US, is expected to have a transformative effect on the industry. Through this initiative, the US is demonstrating its commitment to promoting economic growth and sustainability, and is taking a major step forward in achieving these goals.