article: PARIS, France (CNN) -- France is sending four state police units to its overseas department of Guadeloupe after a month of sometimes violent demonstrations, Interior Minister Michele Alliot-Marie said Thursday. French gendarmes face-off against Guadeloupe protesters. "The pillaging ... the violence against people, are not tolerable and will not be tolerated," Alliot-Marie told the French radio station RTL. "It's no longer simply a question of containing the protests. ... This mission of honor will continue to be undertaken, but we also have to fight against the violence." French President Nicolas Sarkozy planned to meet with elected officials from overseas departments, including Guadeloupe, Thursday afternoon, his office announced. A general strike over low wages and living conditions in the Caribbean island has included demonstrations and clashes with police. At least one civilian has been killed in the riots, officials said. Hospitals and emergency services continue to function and the main international airport is open, but petrol stations, schools, and most businesses -- including supermarkets and car rental offices -- are closed, the British Foreign Office said in a travel advisory. Hotels are open, but the strike is causing daily cuts to electricity and water supplies, the Foreign Office said. French Prime Minister Francois Fillon said Thursday he is ready to approve a compromise that would give nearly a €200 ($254) monthly supplement to workers in Guadeloupe with low-paying jobs. "This crisis is serious, and profound, but it's not new," Fillon said, adding that it's linked to "the lifelessness of the economy in the Antilles, aggravated by the global economic crisis." Sending supplementary police forces is justified, Fillon said, because "we cannot accept what has happened" in the department. He was referring to the attacks on businesses, the roadblocks in the streets and above all, the death of the civilian, who he said was a union leader. Agence France-Presse identified the victim as union representative Jacques Bino. He was shot dead Tuesday night when he drove past a roadblock manned by armed youths in the city of Pointe-a-Pitre. His car was hit three times by shotgun fire, prosecutors told AFP. Three police who accompanied emergency services trying to help the dying man were lightly wounded, officials said, according to AFP. Speaking with RTL on Wednesday, one demonstrator denied he was fanning the flames of unrest. "We have always called for calm," Elie Domota, leader of the Coalition against Exploitation, said. "We have told the young people to go to their homes and continue to protest peacefully, but the police yesterday beat protesters and called them racist names, so the situation escalated." CNN's Alanne Orjoux in Atlanta, Georgia, contributed to this report .
highlights: French police reinforcements being posted to Guadeloupe . Island wracked by a month of sometimes violent protests over living conditions . Protest leader denies encouraging violence . Guadeloupe is French overseas territory .
id: ecb0dec234291e1c4e25baf0a3a252e5332efa2d
chatgpt: In the wake of a month-long period of unrest and protests in Guadeloupe, the French government has announced that police reinforcements will be sent to the Caribbean island. The protests have centered on the high cost of living and poor living conditions, which many residents say have left them struggling to make ends meet. Guadeloupe is an overseas department of France, which means that it is part of the French Republic and subject to French laws and regulations. Despite this, many people on the island feel as though they have been neglected by the central government and that their concerns have been ignored. Protesters have taken to the streets across Guadeloupe, blocking roads and disrupting transportation links in an effort to bring attention to their situation. While the majority of the protests have been peaceful, there have been sporadic incidents of violence, with reports of clashes between protesters and police. Protest leaders have denied that they have encouraged any violence, and have insisted that their goal is to draw attention to the plight of ordinary people on the island. Many residents of Guadeloupe have welcomed the protests, saying that they are long overdue and that they hope they will lead to real change. The French government has been criticized for its response to the protests, with some accusing it of being slow to respond and failing to take the concerns of Guadeloupeans seriously. The decision to send additional police to the island has been seen by some as an attempt to quell the protests rather than to address the underlying issues. Despite this criticism, French officials have defended their actions, saying that they are committed to ensuring that the situation in Guadeloupe is resolved as quickly and peacefully as possible. The additional police officers will be tasked with maintaining order and ensuring that the protests do not escalate out of control. At the heart of the protests is a sense of frustration and disillusionment among many Guadeloupeans. Despite being part of France, the island has long struggled with high unemployment rates, poverty, and a lack of investment in infrastructure and public services. Many feel as though their voices have not been heard, and that they have been left to fend for themselves in a tough economic climate. With the protests continuing, it remains to be seen whether the French government can find a way to address these concerns and bring about meaningful change for the people of Guadeloupe.