article: Gunners need a second goalkeeper after Lukasz Fabianki's move to Swansea . Reina, 31, spent last season on loan at Napoli . Reina could dislodge Iker Casillas as No 1 in Spain team . Arsenal are considering a £5million move for Liverpool’s Pepe Reina — the Spain goalkeeper Arsene Wenger tried to sign for £20m four years ago. Wenger needs a second goalkeeper after Lukasz Fabianski moved to Swansea but Reina’s arrival would put current keeper Wojciech Szczesny under huge pressure. Reina would expect to oust him and play in the first team if he were to make the move. Currently behind Iker Casillas in the Spanish pecking order, Reina could find himself promoted after the 5-1 horror show against Holland in Brazil on Friday night. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Pepe Reina in action against Cazorla and Torres during Spain training . Up for grabs: Arsenal are keen to swoop for Liverpool goalkeeper Pepe Reina this summer . The Liverpool keeper spent all last year on loan at Napoli and though Rafa Benitez would be keen to have him back in Serie A next season, Liverpool would prefer him to have a permanent move so they do not have to keep subsidising his wages. Napoli also have Brazilian keeper Rafael developing well and are keen to spend their budget in other areas. Wenger tried to sign Reina in 2010 when Arsenal bid £20m but Liverpool refused to sell him at the time. Replacement: Arsene Wenger is to bring in a second goalkeeper after losing Lukasz Fabianski to Swansea earlier this summer . Reina was a popular figure on Merseyside before he was sent out on loan to Serie A side Napoli . The Spain No 2, who is now 31, would be available for much less than that now, with just two years left on his contract and with Simon Mignolet having established himself as the new No 1 at Liverpool. Arsenal would expect to pay about £5m. Arsenal also need to sign a new striker and have been quoted £32m to sign Real Madrid’s Alvaro Morata — even though the player only has one more year on his contract. That price tag means Arsenal’s interest has cooled considerably. Bayern Munich’s Mario Mandzukic is an alternative while Wenger is also looking to sign another midfielder. Borussia Dortmund’s Sven Bender is under consideration. On the radar: Arsenal are also keeping tabs on Real's Alvaro Morata (L) and Bayern striker Mario Mandzukic .
highlights: Gunners need a second goalkeeper after Lukasz Fabianki's move to Swansea . Reina, 31, spent last season on loan at Napoli . Reina could dislodge Iker Casillas as No 1 in Spain team .
id: f29d2f17fd94b91657b5b11a9759b5344bc4f2a6
chatgpt: Arsenal football club has been on the lookout for a new goalkeeper ever since Lukasz Fabianksi moved to Swansea. The Gunners are yet to find a suitable replacement, but recent reports suggest that they might have found their man in the form of Pepe Reina. Reina, who is 31 years old, has been the subject of intense transfer speculation this summer. After spending last season on loan at Napoli, the Spanish goalkeeper is now back at his parent club, Liverpool. However, it seems that Reina's future lies away from Anfield, and Arsenal could be his next destination. If Reina does sign for Arsenal, he would provide much-needed competition for Wojciech Szczesny, who was the club's first-choice goalkeeper last season. With Fabianksi gone, Arsenal need a solid backup goalkeeper who can step in when needed. Reina would be perfect for this role, and could even challenge Szczesny for the No. 1 spot in the Arsenal team. Reina is an experienced goalkeeper who has played at the highest level for many years. He has won numerous trophies with Liverpool and has also been a part of the Spanish national team that won the World Cup in 2010 and the European Championships in 2008 and 2012. What is even more impressive, however, is Reina's ability to dislodge Iker Casillas as the No. 1 goalkeeper for the Spanish national team. Casillas has been Spain's first-choice goalkeeper for many years, but Reina's form for Napoli last season has put him in contention for the starting spot. If Reina can continue his form at Arsenal, he could even become the new No. 1 for the Spanish team. The potential signing of Reina would be a big boost for Arsenal, as they look to challenge for the Premier League title next season. The Gunners have already made a number of signings this summer, with the likes of Petr Cech and Alexis Sanchez joining the club in recent years. Reina would add even more quality to the Arsenal squad, and would give the team additional depth in the goalkeeper position. In conclusion, it seems that Arsenal are closing in on a deal to sign Pepe Reina. The Spanish goalkeeper would provide much-needed competition for Wojciech Szczesny, and could even challenge him for the No. 1 spot in the Arsenal team. With his experience and ability to dislodge Iker Casillas as Spain's first-choice goalkeeper, Reina would be a great addition to the Arsenal squad. If the Gunners do manage to sign Reina, it would be another step in their quest to win the Premier League title next season.