article: (CNN) -- A Pennsylvania man is facing charges after he, possibly with the help of his own sons, allegedly doused his girlfriend's 7-year-old son in nail polish remover and filmed the child being set on fire. Edward Myers, 35, of Saxonburg, Pennsylvania, was home with his two sons and then-girlfriend Laure Halliwell's 7-year-old son beginning around 2 p.m. on May 25, according to court documents. Halliwell told police that when she returned, her son was sitting on the couch with burns on his neck and face. She brought him to the hospital and doctors called police to the scene. The boy told authorities that at some point in the afternoon, Myers and his two sons had started shooting him with pellet guns and that Myers threw a substance from the stove that "felt like sand" at his face. All the while, the child told authorities Myers was filming him with a cell phone camera. Myers then allegedly followed the boy to the bathroom and poured nail polish remover over him. The boy said that his shirt was then purposefully lit on fire by either Myers or one of his sons, ages 11 and 15, according to the complaint. There is no evidence that an ambulance was called to the house to help the boy, who had third-degree burns on his chin, neck, chest and face, covering approximately 10% of his body, according to documents. He also had a hematoma on his forehead, which was consistent with his claims of being hit with pellets. According to the criminal complaint, Myers initially claimed he had been cleaning hair dye from the sink and had spilled nail polish remover on the boy. He told Halliwell that her son had then walked into Myers' son's room, where a lit cigarette fell onto his shirt, causing it to ignite. Police searched the Myers residence on May 26 and seized several cell phones, a pellet gun, a paintball gun, and an Air Soft pistol. Police said during the search Myers and his two sons repeatedly referred to the 7-year-old as "the princess." Myers, who was arraigned Wednesday, was charged with aggravated assault, recklessly endangering another person and simple assault, as well as possession of a controlled substance and paraphernalia after police allegedly seized a container of marijuana and a smoking pipe with suspected marijuana residue during their search. He is currently being held on $250,000 bail. Reached for comment, Myers' attorney Gerald Lee Cassidy said he was "not comfortable" talking about the case. "I don't see how it's going to help my client," Cassidy said. "I want the best possible result for my client."
highlights: Edward Myers was home with his two sons and then-girlfriend Laure Halliwell's 7-year-old son . Halliwell told police she found son on the couch with burns on his neck and face . Police on May 26 seized several cell phones and pellet guns from Myers' residence . Myers charged with aggravated assault, recklessly endangerment, simple assault .
id: 6422ea8b161527780f8da5fd8861e1e38674482c
chatgpt: A man from Pennsylvania, Edward Myers, has been charged with aggravated assault, recklessly endangerment, and simple assault after his girlfriend's son was found with burns on his neck and face. According to police reports, Myers was home with his two sons and Laure Halliwell's 7-year-old son when the incident occurred. Halliwell, Myers' then-girlfriend, called the police after she found her son on the couch with burns on his neck and face. The severity of the burns indicated that the child had likely been subjected to a significant amount of pain, and concerned for her son's wellbeing, Halliwell knew she had to act quickly. Upon arrival, police searched Myers' residence and seized several cell phones and pellet guns. It's unclear at this time if these items were in any way connected to the incident involving Halliwell's son. Myers has been arrested and charged with aggravated assault, recklessly endangerment, and simple assault. It's currently unknown whether he has entered a plea or hired legal representation. However, his charges are severe and if he is found guilty, he could face serious consequences. Incidents like this serve as a reminder of the importance of safeguarding the welfare of children. Sadly, child abuse remains a very real problem in society, and it's up to everyone to do their part in protecting young people from harm. While the exact circumstances surrounding this case are not yet known, it's clear that the child involved suffered significant injuries. It's important that anyone who has concerns about the welfare of a child speaks out, as remaining silent can sometimes lead to tragic outcomes. As this case continues to unfold, we can only hope that justice will be served and that the young child involved in this incident can receive the support and care that he needs to recover from this traumatic experience. Our thoughts are with him and his family at this difficult time.