article: (Wired) -- After releasing two generations of iPhones with exactly the same form factor, Apple is expected to show off a new chassis design -- and possibly new materials -- in its sixth-generation smartphone. And a little-known alloy that Apple has quietly been using for the past two years could be just the ticket to make consumers swoon. Korea IT News reported Wednesday that the iPhone 5 is likely to be housed in Liquidmetal, the commercial name for an alloy of titanium, zirconium, nickel, copper and other metals. It would make the outer surface of the phone "smooth like liquid," according to the report. "The next iPhone needs to truly stand out from the crowd," Canalys analyst Chris Jones told Wired via email. "A change in materials is a likely way to differentiate its form factor." Liquidmetal was discovered at the California Institute of Technology in 1992. It's a class of patented amorphous metal alloys (basically metallic glass) with unique properties including high strength, high wear resistance against scratching and denting, and a good strength-to-weight ratio. Apple was granted rights to use it in August of 2010. "Liquidmetal allows precision parts to be fabricated similar to plastic injection molding, but with similar properties to metal," IHS senior principal analyst Kevin Keller said. In today's metal-based gadgets, you either need to bend a piece of sheet metal, or die-cast with an inferior alloy like aluminum or magnesium. In die-casting, the alloys tend to be brittle and have poor wear resistance. Liquidmetal's injection molding process is still a relatively new technology, and it's fairly expensive -- but that's not necessarily anything that Apple would shy away from. Liquidmetal has been used in Apple products (as well as those of other manufacturers) for several years. The SIM card ejector tool in some North American first-generation iPads was made of Liquidmetal, and since then, Keller said, it's been used in a number of other internal parts and small mechanical components. "We expect Apple and other manufacturers to start using this not only for larger and more visible portions of devices, but also entire enclosures," Keller said. Thus, a Liquidmetal iPhone chassis seems entirely reasonable to expect in the not-too-distant future. Jones also noted that the discovery and use of new materials was one of Steve Jobs' obsessions. "But Apple will need to ensure a change in material does not compromise the performance of the device," he added, noting the infamous "antenna-gate" issue with the iPhone 4. Reports that an upcoming iPhone could have a metal back and a unibody case have been circling since well before the iPhone 4S was announced. Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT! Click here! Copyright 2011 Wired.com.
highlights: Korea's IT News reported that the iPhone 5 is likely to be housed in 'Liquidmetal' Liquidmetal was discovered at the California Institute of Technology in 1992 . The molding process is still a relatively new technology, and it's fairly expensive .
id: bb8937bf2172845a1de1f87553ac06c8fda0ec4a
chatgpt: The latest news in the world of technology is all about the iPhone 5, which is rumored to be housed in Liquidmetal. According to a report by Korea's IT News, the new iPhone could potentially incorporate this innovative metal that was discovered back in 1992 at the California Institute of Technology. While Liquidmetal is an incredibly durable material that can withstand wear and tear better than regular aluminum, it has not been widely used in commercial devices due to its relatively high cost. However, it seems that Apple is willing to pay the premium price to incorporate this technology in their latest product. The molding process used to create Liquidmetal is still a relatively new technology, and the fact that it is more expensive than current materials makes it somewhat of a luxury item. However, the benefits are definitely worth it. The material is incredibly strong, flexible, and corrosion-resistant, making it the ideal choice for a phone that will be used on a daily basis. The use of Liquidmetal in the new iPhone could also help to differentiate it from other phones on the market. Consumers are always looking for the latest and greatest technology, and Liquidmetal could very well become the next big thing in phone design. Of course, this is just a rumor at this point, and Apple has not officially confirmed anything regarding the use of Liquidmetal in their new iPhone. However, there have been several reports over the years that suggest that Apple has been working on using this material in their devices. Back in 2012, Apple acquired a company called Liquidmetal Technologies, which specializes in the development and production of metallic alloys with unique properties. So, what does this mean for the average consumer? If the rumors are true, the new iPhone 5 could be one of the most technologically advanced phones on the market. The use of Liquidmetal will make the phone more durable and long-lasting, and it could potentially set a new standard for phone design. Of course, the use of this new material will also come at a price. As mentioned earlier, Liquidmetal is more expensive than traditional materials such as aluminum, so the cost of the new iPhone could be slightly higher than previous models. All in all, the use of Liquidmetal in the new iPhone is an exciting development in the world of technology. While it may still be a relatively new and expensive technology, the potential benefits make it a worthwhile investment for Apple. Only time will tell if this rumor is true, but if it is, the new iPhone could potentially revolutionize the phone market.