article: By . Rob Waugh . PUBLISHED: . 12:07 EST, 2 April 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 12:44 EST, 2 April 2012 . A tiny paper-thin sensor can be 'tattooed' onto teeth - and works as an ultra-sensitive 'early warning system' for disease. The sensor, created from graphene, a hi-tech one-atom-thick sheet of carbon can detect bacteria, and transmit information to medical staff. In tests, a student breathed onto the sensor - actually implanted on a cow's tooth - and it picked up molecules of bacteria on his breath. A team of scientists at Princeton University have developed a 'tooth tattoo', which can pick up early warning signs of sickness or infection by bacteria in people's breath . The wireless sensor can be tattooed onto teeth, diagnose an infection and transmit that information to medical professionals . Michael McAlpine and his team at Princeton University started with graphene, a one-atom-thick layer of carbon. The wireless sensor can be tattooed onto teeth, diagnose an infection and transmit that information to medical professionals. Michael McAlpine and his team at Princeton believe the sensors could be used for military personnel in the field to determine whether a wound has become infected, or in hospitals where patients with weakened immune systems are extra vulnerable to bacteria. Mr McAlpine said: e experimented with a cow's tooth and when a student breathes onto the sensor planted on it, the computer picked up molecules on his breath. Michael McAlpine and his team at Princeton believe the sensors could be used for military personnel in the field to determine whether a wound has become infected, or in hospitals where patients with weakened immune systems are extra vulnerable to bacteria . The scientists created the remote chemical sensor with graphene, a one-atom-thick layer of carbon, which is very sticky and has a super-sensitive surface. They then planted carefully constructed peptides (a sequence of amino acids) onto the surface of graphene. McAlpine and his team have shown the sensors can detect bacteria individually picking them up like Velcro.  McAlpine is currently planning to license and commercialise the device. Michael McAlpine and his team at Princeton University have created a remote chemical sensor starting with graphene, a one-atom-thick layer of carbon . Michael McAlpine (pictured on the right) and his team at Princeton University developed a 'tooth tattoo', which can pick up early warning signs of sickness or infection by bacteria in people's breath .
highlights: Sensor picks up bacteria 'like Velcro' Can transmit warnings to medical staff . Ultra-thin sheet of carbon can be tattooed direct onto teeth .
id: 35043fbcfada725a9c820976aed8bed8d0a2877a
chatgpt: In an incredibly progressive development in the field of medical science, a team of scientists has developed a sensor that has the unique ability to pick up bacteria 'like Velcro'. The ultra-thin sheet of carbon can even transmit warnings to medical staff warning of the presence of harmful bacteria. The ultra-thin sheet is so thin, in fact, that it can be applied to teeth in the form of a tattoo, hence completely doing away with the usual invasive means. Once the sensor is in place in the mouth, bacteria are drawn to it, like metal to a magnet.  The technology has far-reaching implications, especially in the area of dental health care. The presence of bacteria in the mouth can often lead to various medical conditions, such as gingivitis and tooth decay. However, with the new sensor, dentists can easily identify and track traces of bacteria in their patients' mouths, and consequently take appropriate preventive measures. Moreover, the sensor is designed in such a way that it can wirelessly transmit information to medical professionals, notifying them of any bacteria present. With the arrival of the sensor, highly risky and potentially fatal situations, such as sepsis and other infections, can be easily avoided. The sensor is capable of transmitting data to a mobile phone via certain wearable technology, giving unprecedented access to medical professionals on the move. Researchers developed the sensor by layering graphene onto a flexible, thin base of graphene oxide. The paired layers can literally pick up bacteria "like Velcro". A small probe placed in the center of the sheet captures and transmits the information from the sheet to monitoring tools. The applications of the technology are endless, especially within critical care settings. Given the ability of the sensor to detect tiny amounts of bacteria and viruses, it could prove beneficial in the early detection of diseases such as cancer, and other resistant bacterial and viral infections. This remarkable innovation answers one of the biggest health care questions of recent times; how to detect the presence of potentially deadly bacteria and mitigate their impact. With the arrival of this technology, dental health care, in particular, is about to take a massive leap forward. The development is still in its early stages, but offers immense potential to revolutionize the way medical care is delivered both in the present and future.