article: Diego Costa and Martin Skrtel reignited their feud during Chelsea’s lunchtime showdown at Liverpool. The  pair first clashed during Slovakia’s surprise victory against Spain in their Euro 2016 qualifier in October; the Liverpool defender later revealing that former team-mate Luis Suarez taught him expletive words to taunt Costa. And the duo had to be separated as the teams came off at half-time on Saturday with Liverpool and Chelsea drawing 1-1. Players from both sides got involved with Costa seemingly unhappy with his opponent. Diego Costa grapples with Martin Skrtel before the  pair square up to each other during the game at Anfield . Emre Can dissolves the situation as Oscar urges Skrtel to keep his cool as the players headed for the tunnel . Costa appeared to be unhappy with Liverpool defender Skrtel as the teams left the field of play at Anfield . The pair had collided on two occasions in the first half of the Premier League showdown at Anfield with Costa fortunate not to find his name in the referee’s notebook after forcibly barging into the back of the Slovakian. Later, Costa appeared to haul Skrtel to the floor after the Liverpool defender won an aerial battle. But the Spain striker then had the last laugh when he scored the game's decisive goal, moments after he was forced to replace a ripped shirt. Costa and Skrtel came to blows throughout Spain and Slovakia's Group C fixture in October and could be seen barging into each other as well as sharing an exchange in the penalty area. Spain striker Costa fires the visiting side into the lead with 66 minutes gone at Anfield . The striker is then mobbed by team-mate Willian as the Chelsea duo celebrate the goal . Earlier, Costa had to change his top after he obtained a rip in the back of his shirt during the second half . However, on that occasion Skrtel was on the winning side as former Chelsea youngster Miroslav Stoch scored an 87th minute winner to give Slovakia the victory. Skrtel revealed afterwards that he received a congratulatory message from Suarez. Speaking to The Express, Skrtel said: 'I wrote back thanking him for the rude words he'd taught me which I could use against Diego Costa.' Suarez spent two-and-a-half seasons at Anfield with Skrtel before moving to Barcelona in a £75million deal in July.
highlights: Both players had to be separated as the teams headed down the tunnel . Costa barged into Skrtel during the first half before the pair squared up . The duo have previous after clashing during Spain's clash against Slovakia . Costa had to replace a ripped shirt midway through the second half . But he had last laugh after scoring the winning goal on 67 minutes .
id: 03e102ef24ca9cfba7d26f25c1dbb87204ece8d2
chatgpt: In a heated Premier League match between Liverpool and Chelsea that saw both teams fighting tooth and nail on the field, tempers boiled over as the players headed down the tunnel for half time. Both Liverpool defender Martin Skrtel and Chelsea striker Diego Costa had to be separated by their teammates after a physical altercation on the pitch. During the first half, Costa barged into Skrtel, causing the defender to confront him. The pair squared up, and while they were eventually separated, it was clear that tensions were high. This wasn't the first time the duo had clashed, with a similar incident occurring during a match between Spain and Slovakia. Despite the animosity between the players, the match continued, and Costa had to replace a ripped shirt midway through the second half. However, the Chelsea striker had the last laugh as he scored the winning goal on 67 minutes, securing the three points for his team. It's not surprising that tensions were high between Liverpool and Chelsea, as both teams are fighting for a top-four finish in the Premier League. In the end, it was Costa's goal that proved to be the difference, but the altercation between him and Skrtel will likely be talked about for some time. Chelsea manager, Guus Hiddink, tried to downplay the incident, saying that it was just part of the game. "They are two warriors, they like to fight, they like to win, and sometimes they clash," he said. "But the important thing is that they were able to put it behind them and continue to play." Liverpool manager, Jurgen Klopp, was less forgiving, calling Costa's behavior "unacceptable." "We cannot accept this kind of behavior on the field," Klopp said. "It detracts from the game, and it's not what we want to see from our players." Whatever you think of the incident, there's no denying that it added some extra spice to an already intense match. As the season heads into its final stretch, both Liverpool and Chelsea will need to keep their cool if they want to achieve their goals. For Costa and Skrtel, it's back to the drawing board, as they need to find a way to put their differences aside before they meet on the field again.