article: (CNN) -- Robin Stearns, 28, watched her husband apply for jobs day in and day out. She watched him scour professional networking sites in an attempt to contact prospective employers. Robin Stearns created a Web site to draw employers' attention to her jobless husband, Michael. No response. Then an idea came to her: Why not make him stand out by starting a Web site devoted to helping him find a job? She used her tax refund to buy a MacBook, which came with a Web site building feature. A few days later, myhusbandneedsajob.com was born. "I grew frustrated. He has been sending out resumes since he graduated but nothing has happened," the San Francisco, California, resident said. "He's such a great candidate, he would be an asset to any company." Michael Stearns, 30, earned his master's in business administration from Georgetown University in Washington in May 2008. He says he is "basically looking to get into a corporate marketing environment" but is willing to try anything reasonable. The site features a picture of Robin Stearns holding a sign begging for somebody to employ her husband. It also displays his resume and a profile interview and other features. As the economy tumbles and unemployment rates soar, the jobless are using creativity to make themselves stand out. Paul Forster, co-founder and CEO of the job search site Indeed.com, urges candidates to employ measures that separate them from the masses rather than blanketing the job market with resumes. "Don't resort to the shotgun approach," Forster advises.  Watch adults crash a teen job fair » . The Internet has given job seekers an extra tool to reach out to employers. Social networking sites such as Twitter and Facebook are filled with public groups that share tips on job openings. Blogs focusing on support for the jobless are plentiful, too, helping people realize they are not alone. For the Stearnses, defying a pack mentality and using a different approach seems to have made a difference. The site, which has been up for about three days, has brought dozens of e-mails from both employers and other people in a similar situation. Michael Stearns said he plans to follow up on the job opportunities. According to the U.S. Department of Labor, California has one of the nation's highest unemployment rates at 10.1 percent. The national rate is 8.1 percent. Robin Stearns, who declined to discuss her job because she wants to focus on her husband's job search, says a lot of their friends have been victims of the economy. "Almost 90 percent of people we know have been affected by layoffs," she said. The couple plans to leave the site up for now. "At least until I get a job," Michael Stearns said. CNNMoney.com staff writer Jessica Dickler contributed to this report.
highlights: Wife creates Web site to draw attention to "great candidate" Myhusbandneedsajob.com has elicited e-mails from potential employers . Job seekers must be creative to stand out, Indeed.com CEO says .
id: 127e433ddcb60f13b7294a5abdddd864e687a5ea
chatgpt: A Florida woman has taken to the internet to help find her husband a job. Tracy Tillapaugh created the website Myhusbandneedsajob.com in February to help spread the word about her husband's job search. The site has since caught the attention of potential employers, leading to a surge of job offers and inquiries. In an interview with NBC News, Tillapaugh said she created the website as a way to draw attention to her husband's job search, which has been challenging in the wake of the COVID-19 pandemic. "He's a great candidate, with a lot of experience, but it's just been really hard for him to find something in this market," she said. Since launching the website, Tillapaugh said she has received countless e-mails from potential employers, many of whom have expressed an interest in hiring her husband. "It's been really overwhelming, but in a good way," she said. "We've had so many people reach out to us, and it's been really encouraging." According to Tillapaugh, her husband has experience in sales and marketing, and has worked for a number of different companies in the past. Despite his extensive experience, however, Tillapaugh said her husband has encountered numerous roadblocks in his job search. "It's been really tough for him to find something that's the right fit," she said. Fortunately, Tillapaugh's website has helped to draw attention to her husband's job search, leading to a wave of job offers and inquiries from interested employers. "There have been a lot of people who have reached out, and it's been really amazing to see," she said. According to Paul Wolfe, the CEO of job search website Indeed.com, creative job seekers are more likely to stand out in a competitive job market. "In today's job market, it's not enough to just apply for jobs and hope for the best," he said in an interview with NBC News. "Job seekers need to be creative in order to stand out." Wolfe encouraged job seekers to use social media and other online platforms to showcase their skills and experience, and to build a professional network. He also suggested that job seekers be proactive in their job search, and to make sure they are applying to jobs that are a good fit for their skills and experience. For Tracy Tillapaugh and her husband, the search for a new job continues, but they are hopeful that their website will lead to a new opportunity soon. "We're really grateful for all of the support we've received," she said. "We know that there's a job out there for him, and we're going to keep looking until we find it."