article: Actress Misty Upham, who recently appeared alongside Julia Roberts and Meryl Streep in the film August: Osage County, has been reported missing by her family. Her father, Charles Upham, released a letter to the media today saying no one in the family had seen her since leaving her sister’s apartment in Muckleshoot, Washington, on October 5. He also added that she has a medical condition. Scroll down for video . Missing: Actress Misty Upham (above with Meryl Streep) has been missing for five days according to her family . Rising star: Upham (above) has starred alongside Julia Roberts, Anna Kendrick and Jennifer Aniston in films . 'Misty is considered an endangered missing person due to a medical condition,' wrote Charles in his latter, that he released to Indian Country Today. 'She has not been in contact with her family or friends since her disappearance.' According to Misty's Twitter, she lives In West Hollywood, California. The Native American actress, who is a member of the Blackfoot Tribe, shot to fame in 2008 for her role in the critically acclaimed independent film Frozen River, starring alongside eventual Oscar nominee Melissa Leo, and scoring an Independent Spirit Award nomination for Best Supporting Female. Then, just last year, Misty, 32, was a member of the SAG nominated cast of August: Osage County, a film adaptation of Tracey Letts' Pulitzer Prize winning play. Big talent: Upham (above with Liza Minelli) was nominated for a SAG Award this year . Breakout: She shot to fame in the independent film frozen River alongside Melissa Leo . The actress has yet another big movie coming out next year, Cake, in which she stars with Jennifer Aniston and Anna Kendrick. Anyone who has any information on her whereabouts should contact the Auburn police department at 253-288-2121, case number 14-13189 .
highlights: Actress Misty Upham has been missing since October 5 according to her family . She was last seen leaving her sisters house in Muckleshoot, Washington, and has a 'medical condition' according to her father . The actress has worked with stars including Julia Roberts, Meryl Streep and Jennifer Aniston .
id: b60ecdbc44b1430b51d035a56062b6fe5e23e48b
chatgpt: Actress Misty Upham has been reported missing by her family since October 5, 2014. The 32-year-old actress was last seen leaving her sister's house in the Muckleshoot area of Washington. Upham's father has stated that the actress has a "medical condition," which has increased the concern surrounding her disappearance. Misty Upham has acted in numerous major motion pictures, working with some of the biggest names in the industry, including Julia Roberts, Meryl Streep, and Jennifer Aniston. She has received critical acclaim for her roles in "Frozen River," "August: Osage County," and "Big Love." According to local authorities, the search for Misty Upham is ongoing. The police have asked for the public's assistance in finding the actress, requesting that anyone with information on her whereabouts come forward to aid in the search. The community's response to Upham's disappearance has been overwhelming, as many people have joined the search effort to help find the actress. Upham's family has been vocal about their concern for her safety and well-being, appealing to anyone who might have information about her to come forward. The actress's father, Charles Upham, told The Hollywood Reporter, "It's never good when someone disappears, but it's especially hard when it's your own child." The family continues to hold out hope that Misty will be found safe and sound. Misty Upham's disappearance has reignited a conversation about mental health in the entertainment industry. Many stars have struggled with mental health issues, including depression and anxiety, and have found it challenging to get the help they need. It is hoped that Upham's story will raise awareness and encourage others to seek help for their mental health concerns. As we continue to search for Misty Upham, our hearts go out to her family and loved ones. We hope that she is found soon, safe and sound, so that she can return to her career and the people who care about her.