article: By . Lizzie Parry . PUBLISHED: . 04:15 EST, 19 October 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 04:40 EST, 19 October 2013 . Elated football fans gearing up for next year's World Cup will face the added cost of forking out for a new shirt less than a year after the latest strip hit the shops. England's kit suppliers Nike are set to cash in on Roy Hodgson's team making it to Brazil after securing qualification with a 2-0 win over Poland on Tuesday, by launching four national team shirts in less than a year. Nike, who revealed new home and away kits in May, will produce two more strips ahead of the tournament - a white home shirt and red away top. England fans buoyant at watching Roy Hodgson's team secure World Cup qualification with a 2-0 win over Poland, are set to face the added cost of forking out for new replica shirts ahead of next summer's tournament . It means the latest jerseys - priced at £70 - will only be current for the next 12 games, eight at home and four away fixtures. Siobhan Freegard of the website netmums.com, told The Sun: 'The World Cup is going to mean a world of pain for parents. 'There will undoubtedly be a huge marketing push to encourage kids to pester their parents for the latest shirts. 'But few families can afford them all. Releasing four kits in a year is naked greed and nothing to do with football.' Nike will produce a new home kit to replace the shirt worn by Jack Wilshere at Tuesday's win over Poland, left, and a new version of the red away strip worn by Rickie Lambert at the World Cup qualifier clash with Ukraine . And Dad Simon Ackroyd from Wilden in Bedfordshire, whose daughter Poppy, 10, is a fan, told the paper: 'As if kits aren't expensive enough I'll now have to buy Poppy a new one, on top of the one this summer.' Nike took over the £25million shirt contract with England from their subsidiary company Umbro in May. A Nike spokeswoman said: ‘These are . unusual circumstances because of when we started the FA agreement and . the need to recognise England’s 150 anniversary this year. 'After the . World Cup a normal kit cycle will resume. The home shirt will stay the . same for two years and the away one for 18 months.’ The lift from World Cup qualification through sponsorship bonus agreements and extra licensing deals is expected to be worth in excess of £10million to the FA.
highlights: New kits released in May after Nike took over the £25million contract . Latest shirts will only stay current for the next 12 games . Brazil tournament will be 'world of pain' for the purse say parents .
id: c794a5c08eccffef85cdd0b164a0500c6e841af5
chatgpt: Nike, the world-renowned sports apparel brand, has recently released its latest line of football kits, which will be worn by a number of professional clubs and national teams around the world. The new kits, which were released in May, come as part of a £25 million contract that Nike secured to become the official supplier of football kits for several high-profile teams.  Despite the excitement surrounding the release of the new kits, there has been some concern from fans and parents alike regarding their longevity. According to reports, the latest shirts will only stay current for the next 12 games, meaning that football enthusiasts will have to purchase new kits every few months in order to stay up-to-date with the latest designs. This has led to some frustration amongst supporters, who feel that they are being pressured to constantly buy new merchandise in order to support their favourite teams.  Furthermore, parents who are preparing to send their children to the upcoming Brazil tournament have expressed concern about the costs associated with outfitting their youngsters with the latest kits. Many believe that the expense of purchasing the latest Nike kits for their children will be a "world of pain" for their pocketbooks, especially given the current economic climate.  Despite these concerns, however, there is no denying that the latest Nike kits are a sight to behold. Sporting bold designs and eye-catching colours, the new kits are sure to turn heads both on and off the football pitch. Whether you are a casual fan or a die-hard supporter, there is something for everyone in Nike's latest line of football kits.  Of course, this is not the first time that Nike has waded into the highly competitive world of football apparel. Over the years, the company has become well-known for its high-quality products and innovative designs, which have helped to establish it as a leader in the industry. With this latest release, Nike has once again cemented its position as the go-to brand for football enthusiasts around the world.  Overall, while there may be some concerns regarding the longevity and cost of Nike's latest line of football kits, there is no denying that the company has once again delivered an impressive collection of apparel. With bold designs and eye-catching colours, the new kits are sure to be a hit with football fans everywhere. Whether you are a casual supporter or a die-hard fanatic, there has never been a better time to sport the latest Nike gear.