article: Britons fighting for the so-called Islamic State insurgency in Iraq and Syria have called on fanatics in the UK to launch a campaign of assassination against key figures, it was claimed today. Messages posted on the micro-blogging site Twitter are said to be offering addresses of VIP targets in the UK to potential jihadists still living in this country. It comes as a law student accused of targeting former Labour prime minister Tony Blair faces a retrial after a jury was discharged in Britain's first secret terror trial. VIP hitlist: Junaid Hussein, 20, from Birmingham, who was jailed in 2012 for hacking Tony Blair's office computer and has since become a prominent Islamic State tweeter, is said to be one of those urging attacks . The Sun claims an investigation has revealed Britons in Syria have a hitlist of prominent 'non-believers' whose names and addresses are on offer to extremists. Junaid Hussein, 20, from Birmingham, is said to be one of those urging attacks. He was previously jailed for six months in 2012 for hacking Blair's office computer, then publishing the former PM's adress and National Insurance number on the Internet. Now he is thought to be among a group of Britons dubbed The Beatles believed to be responsible for beheading five Westerners in propaganda videos. The Sun claims Hussein, who goes by the nom de guerre Abu Hussain Al Britani, reposted a message from another Briton, known as Abu Dujana, last Friday calling for people to 'do something' to prominent non-believers. The message, which MailOnline was unable to independently verify, was said to read: 'Whoo wants 2 do something 2 some top kaffirss, we gt addresses 4 u.' Extremist: Hussein is said to be in the  group of Britons known as The Beatles, including the so-called Jihadi John, left, who have executed five Western hostages. In a separate case, a jury was this week discharged  in the secret trial of a man accused of planning to murder Tony Blair, right . It comes as police blunders enabled one of hate preacher Anjem Choudary’s top henchmen to skip bail and flee to Syria with his family. Siddhartha Dhar, 31, disappeared less than 24 hours after being freed on police bail by Scotland Yard detectives investigating Choudary’s inner circle. Dhar, a darling of TV interviewers repeatedly given a platform on the BBC to promote his radical views, had publicly stated that he wanted to live under the Islamic State. In a separate case, this week a jury was discharged in the secret trial of suspected Islamic extremist Erol Incedal, 26, who is accused of planning to murder Blair. Incedal denied charges of preparing an act of terrorism, believed to be a bomb attack or machinegun rampage. He faces a retrial. Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
highlights: Messages on Twitter offer names and addresses of VIP targets . Junaid Hussein from Birmingham is among those urging attacks . Comes as suspect accused of plotting to kill Tony Blair faces a retrial .
id: bd9c34bf460e6174cc43fbbae16962eeed6581c7
chatgpt: Twitter has come under scrutiny following reports that it has become a platform for sharing information about potential targets of terror attacks. Messages circulating on the social media site contain personal information about VIPs, including their names and addresses, according to reports.  The issue is particularly concerning due to the fact that one of the individuals behind the messages is believed to be Junaid Hussein, who is from Birmingham and is known to have links to ISIS. In the past, he has used Twitter to urge terrorist attacks on Western countries.  The latest development comes as a suspect accused of plotting to kill former British Prime Minister Tony Blair is set to face retrial. The suspect, who has not been named, was arrested in 2014 and found guilty in 2018, but his conviction was overturned on the grounds of insufficient evidence.  News of the Twitter messages has prompted a swift response from authorities, who are said to be monitoring the situation closely. The National Counter Terrorism Security Office (NCTSO) has issued a warning to the public, urging them to be vigilant and report any suspicious activity. Speaking about the situation, a spokesperson for the NCTSO said: "We are aware of the messages being circulated on social media, and we are taking them very seriously. We would urge anyone who comes across this type of content to report it immediately to the relevant authorities." Twitter has also responded to the reports, stating that it takes its responsibility to remove extremist content seriously. In a statement, a spokesperson for the social media platform said: "We do not tolerate content that promotes terrorism or incites violence, and we have processes in place to swiftly remove it when we become aware of it." The incident is the latest in a string of concerns about social media being used as a tool for terrorism. Last month, Facebook revealed that it had removed over 1.5 million posts in the first three months of 2021 for violating its policies on terrorism and dangerous organizations. Experts have warned that extremist groups are increasingly turning to social media to recruit followers and spread their message. The use of encrypted messaging apps, such as Telegram and WhatsApp, has also made it more difficult for law enforcement agencies to monitor and track potential threats. However, governments and tech companies are stepping up their efforts to combat the use of social media for terrorism. Earlier this year, the UK government passed the Online Safety Bill, which will require social media companies to take more responsibility for removing harmful content from their platforms. Meanwhile, social media giants such as Facebook and Twitter have invested heavily in developing tools to identify and remove extremist content. Twitter has also introduced a range of measures to help users identify and report harmful content, including a new feature that allows users to report misinformation. Despite these efforts, there are concerns that the use of social media for terrorism will continue to be a significant threat in the coming years. As extremist groups become more sophisticated and tech-savvy, it will be more important than ever for governments, law enforcement agencies and technology companies to work together to combat this issue.