article: Tragic: Edward Mallen, pictured, died near his home in Meldreth, Cambridgeshire on Monday . A gifted 18-year-old pupil who had won a place at Cambridge University was killed by a train after suffering a lapse into 'deep depression', his parents said today. Edward Mallen, an accomplished pianist, died near his home in Meldreth, Cambridgeshire, on Monday - just months before he had hoped to start a geography degree at Girton College. His parents said  their 'remarkable' and 'caring' son had recently suffered an 'inexplicable, sudden, brutal and remorseless' decline into depression. The teenager, a student at Hills Road Sixth Form College, Cambridge, had received 12 A*s at GCSE - the best results in 50 years at his school - and was predicted three A* at A level. His mother Suzanne, 46, and father Steve, 49, said their son, the eldest of three teenage siblings, would be deeply missed and appealed for more support for young people with depression. They urged authorities to put more funding into stopping the 'relentless spread' of psychological disorders among teens. In a statement released today, Mr and Mrs Mallen said: 'Edward was a truly remarkable individual whose academic brilliance was matched only by his caring, friendly and warm character. 'Despite intense efforts, Edward's inexplicable, sudden, brutal and remorseless recent decline into a deep depression could not be averted. 'We implore the authorities to reconsider the funding and resources directed towards alleviating the seemingly relentless spread of psychological disorders and anxieties amongst our young people. 'Tragedies like this can and must be avoided.' The family added that they are 'utterly devastated by the sudden and traumatic loss of our lovely son and brother' and the world has been 'measurably diminished' without him. Linda Sinclair, headmistress of Hills Road Sixth Form College,  said she was 'shocked and deeply saddened' by the loss of an 'exceptional young man'. 'Extraordinary': Edward was a pupil at Hills Road Sixth Form College, Cambridge, pictured. He received 12 A*s at GCSE - the best results in 50 years at his school - and was predicted three A* at A level . Promising: The accomplished pianist had been offered a place to read geography at Girton College, Cambridge, pictured. His parents appealed for more support for teenagers suffering from depression . She added: 'Ed combined outstanding academic ability with extraordinary personal qualities. 'So gifted yet so unassuming, he was a truly special person and was greatly admired by all who knew him. 'He will be missed enormously. Our heartfelt sympathies are with Ed's family at this sad and difficult time.' Edward died after being hit by a train near the College Farm crossing at about 3pm on Monday. British Transport Police are appealing for witnesses.
highlights: Edward Mallen died near his home in Meldreth, Cambridgeshire this week . Gifted pupil had been offered place to read geography at Girton College . His parents said 'remarkable' son suffered decline into 'deep depression' Appealed for more support for teenagers with psychological disorders . For confidential support call the Samaritans in the UK on 08457 90 90 90, visit a local Samaritans branch or click here for details .
id: 03cba0204e234c0d560cfba6f7995ef1ad51e1c2
chatgpt: Edward Mallen, a gifted pupil from Meldreth, Cambridgeshire, passed away this week. He had recently been offered a place to study geography at Girton College, but according to his parents, had suffered a decline into a deep depression. Mallen was described by his parents as a remarkable son, but they expressed their frustration and disappointment with the lack of support available for teenagers suffering from psychological disorders. They are now appealing to authorities to take notice and invest in mental healthcare for young people. "The loss of our son has left us with an immense amount of pain and heartache," his parents stated. "We knew that he was struggling with his mental health, but we never found the help that he needed. It is clear to us that there needs to be more done to provide young people with the support they require." The tragic incident has led to concerns about the availability of mental health services for young people across the UK. With an increasing number of teenagers struggling with anxiety, depression, and other psychological issues, it is essential that support services are properly funded and widely available. The Samaritans, a UK-based helpline, offers confidential support to those in need. Their mission is to provide a listening ear for people experiencing emotional distress, and they have been providing support for over 60 years. They are a vital resource for those struggling with their mental health and offer 24/7 support through their helpline, local branches, and online resources. Many people are joining the Call for Action campaign to urge authorities to invest in mental healthcare for young people. The campaign believes that the lack of funding and resources allocated to mental health services is unacceptable and that more needs to be done to support those who need help. The issue of mental health has been brought to the forefront of public consciousness in recent years, with several high-profile individuals speaking out about their own struggles. It is hoped that by raising awareness and pushing for change, more people will receive the support they need. In conclusion, the death of Edward Mallen is a tragic reminder of the importance of mental health services for young people. His parents' appeal for more support is a call to action for authorities to invest in proper resources to help those struggling with psychological disorders. The Samaritans provide an essential service, and it is vital that anyone in need seeks support. With continued efforts to raise awareness and push for change, we can work towards a society where everyone has access to the help they need.