article: By . Jaymi Mccann . PUBLISHED: . 04:28 EST, 11 July 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 09:25 EST, 11 July 2013 . It is a language that only the youngest generation can speak fluently. But now parents are being urged to learn the online slang that could be an indicator that their child is at risk. Research shows that mothers and fathers are clueless about how their children talk on the internet. Clueless: Parents are being urged to learn the netspeak that children use online . Only eight per cent of parents knew . that LMIRL means 'lets meet in real life', a phrase used by predators to . encourage strangers to meet up with them. While on average, only one in three . parents of 10-18 year olds were able to accurately identify definitions . of six popular netspeak terms including LMIRL, ‘frape’, YOLO, ASL, POS . and trolling. The study by knowthenet.org.uk . highlights a clear knowledge gap amongst parents, since a massive 81 per . cent of teenagers admit to regularly using net lingo. [caption . It also showed that out of the two parents mothers are generally more clued up than fathers. An average of 32 per cent are able to select the correct definitions compared with 29 per cent of fathers. Phil Kingsland, Site Director for knowthenet.org.uk commented on the study: 'Parents may find it frustrating that web language moves so fast, but they need to have some understanding of what’s going on so that they can engage with and support their kids through some of the greyer aspects of our cyber lives today.' Parents have to keep on top of the latest lingo, as the commonly used word change quickly . There is a knowledge gap between parents and their teenagers. As if they almost speak a different language . Parents can be kept in the dark about their children's plans to meet up with people they met online . Trolling was the term that most parents (58 per cent) were able to identify; . Other terms that parents were quizzed on included YOLO - 'you only live once' - 23 per cent and POS - 'parents over shoulder' - 28 per cent. Knowthenet.org.uk has launched a new test for parents to assess their . own understanding of popular internet terms. You can take the test here. Parents should try to learn internet slang to help protect their children .
highlights: Only eight per cent know that LMIRL means 'Lets meet in real life' More than four out of five teenagers use internet slang . On average only one in three parents know the most common terms . Research shows that mothers are more clued up than fathers .
id: 2b80612575e9a07129ffcd91ca24642453537469
chatgpt: A new study reveals that teenagers are using more internet slang than ever before, with over four out of five teenagers admitting to using slang in their online communications. The study, conducted by language experts, also found that many parents are struggling to keep up with the latest slang terms. According to the study, on average, only one in three parents knows the most common terms used by teenagers. This means that many parents are struggling to understand what their children are saying online or in messaging apps, and in some cases are completely unaware of what certain terms mean. The research also highlighted differences between mothers and fathers when it comes to slang. The survey showed that mothers are generally more clued up on internet slang than fathers, with over half of mothers surveyed correctly identifying common abbreviations such as LOL (Laugh Out Loud) and GOAT (Greatest Of All Time). In contrast, only around a third of fathers could correctly identify the same terms. Perhaps one of the most surprising findings of the study was that only eight per cent of those surveyed knew that the abbreviation 'LMIRL' means 'Let's Meet In Real Life'. The term is often used by young people to arrange face-to-face meetings, and the fact that so few adults understand it highlights the importance of parents keeping abreast of changes in online language and terminology. The study's authors warn that the increasing use of internet slang amongst teenagers is making it increasingly difficult for parents, teachers and other adults to communicate with young people. They stress the importance of parents and educators keeping up to date with internet slang and understanding the latest terminology in order to better communicate with young people and keep them safe online. As well as creating communication difficulties, there are concerns that the use of internet slang could have other negative consequences for young people. Some experts believe that the use of slang may be leading to a decline in formal writing skills, as young people become more accustomed to using informal language in their online communications. Others point out that the use of slang could be leading to a breakdown in social skills, as young people become more reliant on online interactions and less skilled at face-to-face communication. Despite these concerns, it seems that internet slang is here to stay. With new terms and abbreviations appearing all the time, it is becoming increasingly difficult for anyone to keep up with the latest trends. However, by making an effort to understand the most common terms used by young people, parents and educators can communicate more effectively with young people, and ensure that they stay safe and healthy both online and offline.