article: Seven years after Tom Cruise famously jumped on a couch during an "Oprah" taping to declare his love for Katie Holmes, the actor and actress are ending their marriage, Cruise's attorney said Friday. Holmes filed for divorce Thursday, according to Cruise's lawyer Bert Fields. "Tom is very sad about it and is concentrating on the kids," Fields said. Why you think TomKat split . Cruise's publicist, Amanda Lundberg, confirmed the pending divorce -- which was first reported by People, like CNN a division of Time Warner -- and urged people to respect "their privacy to work this out." Jonathan Wolfe, an attorney for Holmes, called the issue "a personal and private matter for Katie and her family." "Katie's primary concern remains, as it has always been, her daughter's best interest," Wolfe said in a statement. Tom always wanted to be a father . The couple wed in Italy in November 2006, seven months after their daughter, Suri, was born. Pictures of the family have often appeared in tabloid magazines in the years since, though the couple have steered clear of controversy and frequently appeared together at events. In the June edition of Playboy, Cruise, 49, said he loved Holmes, 33, as much as when they got hitched 5½ years earlier. "She is an extraordinary person, and if you spent five minutes with her, you'd see it," he said. "I'm just happy, and I have been since the moment I met her. What we have is very special." Cruise is one of Hollywood's most recognizable stars, starring in "Taps" and "The Outsiders" before breaking out in the 1983 film "Risky Business." He's appeared in a host of widely seen films since, including Oscar-nominated roles in "Born on the Fourth of July," "Jerry Maguire" and "Magnolia" and the hit action series "Mission Impossible." Suri plays stylist for mom Katie Holmes . Holmes became known to America as an actress on the teen drama TV series "Dawson's Creek," which aired between 1998 and 2003. She has since appeared in several productions, including the movie "Batman Begins" and TV miniseries "The Kennedys." The two began dating in 2005, and months into their relationship Cruise made headlines by jumping on a couch as an open-mouthed Oprah Winfrey watched because he couldn't contain his excitement about Holmes. "It just happened," Cruise said, according to a story on Oprah.com recapping the interview. "She's amazing, and I'd think the same of her even if she wasn't with me -- she's just amazing." HLN: Yes, but... what will Suri blog about? Holmes mentioned on the talk show how she'd grown up dreaming that she'd someday marry the "Top Gun" star. Their marriage was Holmes' first and the third for Cruise, who'd earlier been married to actresses Mimi Rogers and Nicole Kidman. He had two children from his marriage with the Academy Award-winning Kidman before their divorce in 2001. Tom and Nicole's son is a budding DJ .
highlights: Holmes filed for divorce Thursday from Cruise, his lawyer says . Cruise's publicist asks for privacy so couple can "work this out" "Tom is very sad about it and is concentrating on the kids,"  the lawyer says . The two married in 2006, seven months after their daughter, Suri, was born .
id: e8e9e319778947f1017bd638628daee499f5b8d5
chatgpt: Celebrities are a constant subject of fascination, and that is especially true when they're going through a divorce. Thursday, actress Katie Holmes filed for divorce from her husband, actor Tom Cruise. The news broke soon after her attorney announced the filing. Cruise's publicist quickly released a statement on behalf of the couple asking for privacy so they can "work this out." It's clear that the public is interested in every detail of this high-profile split, but they seem to be taking the advice to heart as there are no photos of the couple or their children, Suri, Connor, and Isabella, being taken by paparazzi. "Tom is very sad about it and is concentrating on the kids," said Holmes' lawyer. "He just wants to make sure that they're okay." The couple married in 2006, seven months after their daughter, Suri, was born. They had been dating for a little over a year at the time they got married. Since then, they have been among the most talked-about couples in Hollywood. Holmes has been focused on her career and has taken on a number of roles in movies, TV shows, and on stage. Cruise, on the other hand, has continued to make block-buster movies and was recently in the news for his role in "Mission Impossible: Ghost Protocol." He's also been a controversial figure, with his involvement with Scientology often being discussed in the media. The cause of the couple's split is not yet known, but rumors are already swirling. Some have suggested that Cruise's commitment to Scientology caused tension in the marriage, while others have speculated that a disagreement over the couple's lifestyle could be the cause. Despite the rumors, both Holmes and Cruise have remained silent. There have been no statements from either of them beyond the initial one released by the publicist. This is not the first time Cruise has gone through a divorce. He was previously married to Mimi Rogers and Nicole Kidman, both of whom he has children with. Holmes was previously engaged to actor Chris Klein. Now, people are left to wait and see what the future holds for Holmes, Cruise, and their children. The couple had been known to be a loving and devoted family, with Cruise often doting on his wife and showering her with gifts. It's unclear how the divorce will affect the couple's children, but sources close to the family say that they're likely to handle it well. For now, all eyes are on Holmes and Cruise. With so much attention being paid to their marriage over the years, it's no surprise that the divorce is generating such a buzz. As they embark on this new chapter in their lives, fans will be watching closely to see what happens next.