article: (CNN) -- Hundreds of people were injured in Bahrain Friday, when rival groups clashed over an attempted march in the town of Riffa, a residential area where the ruling Al-Khalifa family lives. The national health ministry said 774 people were injured and 107 were hospitalized in the wake of the fighting. Anti-government demonstrators in Riffa had planned a march. A crowd numbering roughly 8,000 set off on the march, according to Bahrain's ambassador to the United States. But they were met by hundreds of people carrying swords, hatchets, metal pieces, cricket instruments and pieces of wood with nails hammered into them. The opposing group had already taken up positions in an effort to stop the planned march. Bahrain's ambassador to the United States took the unusual step of commenting on the clashes in Riffa, which he called a "sectarian conflict" between Shia and Sunni Muslim factions. Law enforcement officers had erected barbed wire fences in an attempt to ward off any fighting, Houda Ezra Nonoo said in a statement. The conflict began when small groups from opposing sides met at the security fence, she said. Accounts that claimed live ammunition was used by government forces were "rumors," Nonoo added. She also denied allegations that people inhaled tear gas to the point of suffocation. Only eight tear gas canisters were used to disperse the crowd, according to Nonoo's statement. Video footage would support his version of the operation, she said. The attempted march in Riffa was organized by some of the more hard-line Shia groups among the government opposition. However, there are also moderate Shia groups and Sunni groups in the anti-government coalition. Sunni Muslims -- a minority in the kingdom -- dominate the government of Bahrain. The Shiite Muslim majority has staged protests in recent years to complain about discrimination, unemployment and corruption. Riffa is just over 12 miles (20 kilometers) southwest of the capital, Manama, where demonstrators have been protesting in Pearl Roundabout for a month. Seven people died there when security personnel tried to clear the area in mid-February. Protesters initially took to the streets of Manama to demand reform and the introduction of a constitutional monarchy. More than 500 people have been injured in Bahrain since the protest began, which human rights activists say is part of a wave of popular unrest crashing through the Arab world . The Bahrain Center for Human Rights said authorities launched a clampdown on dissent in 2010. It accused the government of torturing some human rights activists. CNN's Tim Lister and journalist Mansoor Al-Jamri contributed to this report.
highlights: More than 700 people were injured in clashes over attempted march . The clashes took place in area that is home to the Al-Khalifa ruling family . Opposing crowds carried swords, hatchets, pieces of wood with nails . The Bahraini ambassador to U.S. denied allegations of police force .
id: 03c04afd510e24045254ec555637017b2d1a39ef
chatgpt: More than 700 people were injured in clashes that erupted as opposition protesters tried to march towards the residence of the Al-Khalifa ruling family in Bahrain. The incident occurred in the village of Diraz, which has been a center of opposition activity since the 2011 Arab Spring uprisings. The protesters were met by a heavy police presence, which attempted to prevent them from approaching the residence. The demonstrators were carrying swords, hatchets, and pieces of wood with nails, which they used to attack the police. Eyewitnesses report that the police responded with tear gas and rubber bullets, and the clashes escalated into a full-scale confrontation between the two sides. The violence continued for several hours, with both sides sustaining heavy casualties. The Bahraini ambassador to the United States, Sheikh Abdullah bin Rashid Al Khalifa, denied the allegations of police brutality. He issued a statement condemning the violence, and expressed his condolences to those who were injured. "The Kingdom of Bahrain remains committed to upholding the rights of all citizens, and to ensuring that peaceful protests are allowed to take place," he said. "However, violent demonstrations will not be tolerated, and those responsible will be held accountable." The incident has once again focused attention on the political turmoil in Bahrain, which has been simmering since the Arab Spring protests. The country's Shiite Muslim majority has long complained of discrimination and marginalization by the ruling Sunni Muslim elite, and protests against the government have become a regular occurrence. The Bahraini government has been accused of using excessive force to suppress the protests, and there have been frequent clashes between protesters and security forces. The government has also been criticized for its treatment of political dissidents, with many opposition figures being jailed or exiled. The latest incident in Diraz is likely to further inflame tensions between the two sides, and could lead to a further escalation of violence. It remains to be seen whether the Bahraini government will take any steps to address the underlying grievances of the opposition, or whether it will continue to rely on force to maintain control.