article: WASHINGTON (CNN) -- The Supreme Court has blocked further consideration of a federal law designed to keep sexual material from underage users of the Web. The justices without comment Wednesday rejected an appeal from the federal government to reinstate the Child Online Protection Act (COPA), passed by Congress in 1998. The high court and subsequent federal courts said the law -- which has never taken effect -- had serious free speech problems. The Bush administration was a strong supporter of the law and the Justice Department led the fight in court to revive it. The justices issued their ruling a day after all nine were on hand for the inauguration of President Barack Obama. Retired Justice Sandra Day O'Connor also attended the ceremony. The case tested the free speech rights of adults against the power of Congress to control Internet commerce. The Supreme Court twice ruled against COPA, arguing that it represented government censorship rather than lawful regulation of adult-themed pornography businesses. The law would have prevented private businesses from creating and distributing "harmful" content that minors could access on the Internet. Free speech advocates said adults would be barred access to otherwise legal material and that parental-control devices and various filtering technology are less intrusive ways to protect children. The high court in 2004 upheld a preliminary injunction against the law and sent the case back to lower courts for consideration of the arguments. In their opinion at the time, the 5-4 majority concluded COPA "likely violates the First Amendment." "The government has not shown that the less restrictive alternatives proposed ... should be disregarded," Justice Anthony Kennedy wrote in the 2004 decision. "Those alternatives, indeed, may be more effective" than the law passed by Congress. "Filters are less restrictive" he said, and thus pose less risk of muzzling free speech. "They impose selective restrictions on speech at the receiving end, not universal restrictions at the source." He added, "There is a potential for extraordinary harm and a serious chill upon protected speech" if the law takes effect." In reconsidering the law, a federal appeals court in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, again ruled the law unconstitutional.
highlights: Justices reject appeal to reinstate the Child Online Protection Act . COPA violates the First Amendment right to free speech, justices say . COPA would have kept businesses from distributing "harmful" content to minors . In 2004 ruling, justice said parental filters are less restrictive on free speech .
id: bf3dd673d72edf70f431bb3a638a3cc124a3c3ae
chatgpt: The U.S Supreme Court has rejected an appeal to reinstate the Child Online Protection Act (COPA), a law that sought to prevent minors from accessing harmful content on the internet. The justices ruled against the law as it was seen as a violation of the First Amendment which guarantees the right of free speech. The COPA, which was enacted in 1998, would have required businesses to verify the age of their users before allowing access to adult content. The law would have also made it illegal to distribute harmful materials such as pornography to minors. However, opponents of the law argued that COPA was too broad and would have prevented access to legitimate content. They also claimed that the law was a violation of the First Amendment, citing concerns that it could have stifled free speech and hindered online commerce. In the court's ruling, it was noted that parental filters were seen as a less restrictive way of preventing minors from accessing harmful content than laws like COPA. According to the justices, the government had not demonstrated that COPA was the only way to address the issue of access to harmful content by minors. The ruling is a victory for advocates of free speech online, who had long opposed the COPA. It is also a reminder of the challenges that arise when dealing with the regulation of content on the internet. The decision by the Supreme Court has been met with mixed reactions. Supporters of the COPA argue that it was necessary to protect children from the dangers of accessing harmful content online. Opponents, however, have argued that the COPA would have stifled free speech and hindered the growth of the internet. The ruling has highlighted the need for more nuanced approaches to addressing issues of access to harmful content online. As technology continues to evolve, lawmakers and internet users will need to find ways to balance the need for access to information with concerns about its potential harm to minors.