article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 11:13 EST, 29 December 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 11:27 EST, 29 December 2013 . While its been scientifically proven that smoking during pregnancy can lead to serious health problems for the child after birth, woman across the United States continue to puff while pregnant. A new CDC report reveals that a shocking 30.5 per cent of women in West Virginia continued to smoke into the last three months of their pregnancy. New York City, on the other hand, had one of the lowest smoking rates, with just 2.3 per cent of pregnant women admitting to the hazardous activity. Bad habits: A new report by the CDC shows that many American women are continuing to smoke while pregnant. The darkest colored states are the places with the highest percentage of pregnant smokers . For the love of the baby: The above graphs shows the overall trend that most female smokers quit when they become pregnant . Giving up: The number of mothers continuing to smoke while pregnant has been decreasing on trend with woman as a whole since the 90s . An earlier report compared pregnancy smoking rates among different ethnic and age groups. Around 30 per cent of American Indian women smoked while pregnant in 2000, but that number had nosedived by 2004, going below 20 per cent. However, the graph shows the rate shooting up again after that year. Alaskan Natives are the group that by far smokes the most during pregnancy, hitting a high of around 40 per cent in 2001, with Hispanics smoking the least. Age also seems to be a factor in whether women continue smoking into pregnancy. Ethnic breakdown: Alaskan Natives have one of the highest rates of pregnancy smoking in the United States . Too young to understand: Women younger than 20 to 24 have a higher percentage of smoking while pregnant . Perhaps unsuprisingly, the younger a woman is the more likely she is to continue smoking. Around 20 per cent of women younger than 20 to 24 continue to smoke while older women ages 25 to older than 35 hover around the 10 per cent mark. The CDC warns however that the numbers were self-reported which means pregnant women feeling guilty about smoking could have lied about continuing to smoke or quitting. The good news is, the percentage of women who smoke while pregnant is considerably less than those who smoke before pregnancy and after delivery. The trend as a whole is falling as well. From 1989 to 2006, the percentage of births where the mother smoked during pregnancy decreased by half, from 20 to 10 per cent.
highlights: A new report by the CDC revealed that 30.5 per cent of women in West Virginia continue to smoke after getting pregnant . New York City has one of the lowest rates of expecting mother smoking, at just 2.3 per cent .
id: d0bba0e4bef6103d2ef3d392b1438e9053345c86
chatgpt: A recent report by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) showed that West Virginia has the highest rate of pregnant women who continue to smoke, with 30.5 percent of expecting mothers continuing the habit despite the risks. In contrast, New York City has one of the lowest rates at just 2.3 percent. According to the report, smoking during pregnancy remains a major public health concern, as it can lead to a number of issues including premature birth, low birth weight, and Sudden Infant Death Syndrome (SIDS). In addition, smoking while pregnant can also have long-term effects on the child's health and development. While the national rate of pregnant women who smoke has been steadily declining, the data shows that certain regions are still struggling to curb the habit. For example, the report reveals that in West Virginia, more than three in 10 pregnant women continue to smoke. This is a worrying trend and suggests that there is a need for more effective public health initiatives in the region. Meanwhile, in New York City, the low rate of expecting mothers who smoke is due in part to the city's comprehensive anti-smoking campaigns. Since the launch of these campaigns in the early 2000s, the city has seen a significant drop in smoking rates among all age groups. In addition, smoking has been banned in many public places, which has further helped to discourage the habit. Experts say that this report highlights the need for targeted public health initiatives to help curb smoking rates among pregnant women. These initiatives should focus on educating women about the dangers of smoking during pregnancy and providing them with effective resources to help them kick the habit. "We need to invest more in public health campaigns that reach pregnant women and their families," says Dr. Aparna Bole, Chair of the American Academy of Pediatrics Council on Environmental Health. "These campaigns should focus on providing women with the information and support they need to quit smoking, as well as addressing other risk factors like exposure to secondhand smoke." In addition to public health initiatives, experts also recommend that healthcare providers take a more proactive role in helping pregnant women quit smoking. This may involve offering counseling services, prescribing medication, or referring patients to smoking cessation programs. Overall, the report shows that while progress has been made in reducing smoking rates among pregnant women, there is still much work to be done. By implementing targeted public health campaigns and providing women with effective resources, we can help ensure that all expecting mothers have a healthy pregnancy and a healthy baby.