article: Several Syrian friends of an American aid worker held by the Islamic State group and threatened with decapitation called Saturday for his release, saying he converted to Islam and was helping Syrians. The friends of Peter Kassig, who became Muslim while in captivity and changed his name to Abdul-Rahman Kassig, held a news conference in the northern city of Tripoli, where Muslim militants and Lebanese troops clashed last month. Kassig, a 26-year-old former Army Ranger, was helping victims of the Syrian civil war when he was captured last year. Release him: Syrian refugee Amjad Moghrabi stands in front of a photograph of his colleague, American aid worker Peter Kassig, 26, who converted to Islam while in captivity . One of the friends, Amjad al-Moghrabi, told reporters: 'We are demanding the Islamic State to release him, if they know Islam. He is a Muslim and has not participated in what his country is doing.' He was referring to airstrikes by the U.S.-led coalition against Islamic State group in Iraq and Syria. Dr. Ahmad Obeid, a friend of Kassig said 'our demand is to release him and to return to his family because as a person he helped us and we should ask for mercy for him.' 'He is unfortunately detained so we are calling for his freedom because he supported our cause and we cannot leave him and let them hurt him,' Obeid said. A video released last month appeared to show Kassig, of Indianapolis, kneeling as a masked militant says he will be killed next, after the purported beheading of a British hostage. Kassig's parents say their son served in the Iraq war and was honorably discharged. Demand ISIS free him: Syrian refugees, doctor Ahmed Obaid, left, Firas Mousa, center, and Safwan Khatib, right, all colleagues of American aid worker Peter Kassig, 26, hold up signs during a press conference . Kassig traveled to Lebanon in 2012 to work as a medical assistant in border hospitals and has been held since October 2013 while in Syria. In the room where the news conference was held, some of Kassig's friends held banners that read in Arabic and English: "Justice for Abdul Rahman." The Islamic State group has so far killed four Westerners they were holding. Britons David Haines, a former air force engineer, and Alan Henning, a taxi driver from northwest England, were beheaded, as was U.S. reporter James Foley and American-Israeli journalist Steven Sotloff. In addition to Kassig, the Islamic State also holds British photojournalist John Cantlie. Press conference: Syrian doctor Ahmed Obaid, center right, a colleague of American aid worker Peter Kassig, who converted to Islam while in captivity and changed his name to Abdul-Rahman Kassig, speaks .
highlights: Peter Kassig, a 26-year-old former Army Ranger, was helping victims of the Syrian civil war when he was captured by ISIS last year . One of the friends, Amjad al-Moghrabi, told reporters: 'We are demanding the Islamic State to release him, if they know Islam' In addition to Kassig, the Islamic State also holds British photojournalist John Cantlie .
id: 7063cd57fd66c20353508e25828418dee068619d
chatgpt: Peter Kassig, a 26-year-old former Army Ranger, has been held captive by the Islamic State for over a year now. He was working as an aid worker in Syria when he was taken into captivity. Friends and family of Kassig have been diligently working towards getting him released. One of his friends, Amjad al-Moghrabi, recently spoke out and made a plea to the Islamic State to release Kassig. Al-Moghrabi told reporters, "We are demanding the Islamic State to release him, if they know Islam." Kassig's family has also been active in getting their loved one released. They have released statements on social media and have even changed their last name to Kassig in honor of their son. Kassig's captivity has been difficult for his family and loved ones. His mother, Paula Kassig, spoke out in a video message earlier this year. She said, "The hardest part has been the not knowing. We just want to know that he's okay." In addition to Kassig, the Islamic State is also holding British photojournalist John Cantlie. Cantlie was kidnapped by the Islamic State in 2012 and has appeared in several propaganda videos since. The Islamic State has been known for their brutal treatment of captives. They have beheaded several hostages, including American journalists James Foley and Steven Sotloff, and British aid worker David Haines. It is unclear what the fate of Kassig and Cantlie will be. The Islamic State has not made any statements regarding their captivity in recent months. Kassig's case has attracted attention from several government officials, including President Obama. In a statement earlier this year, the President said, "We will use every tool at our disposal to see that Peter Kassig is reunited with his family." The captivity of Kassig and Cantlie is just one aspect of the ongoing conflict in Syria. The Syrian civil war has been ongoing for several years and has resulted in the displacement of millions of people. Despite the challenges and dangers, aid workers like Kassig continue to work on the ground to help those in need. Their dedication to the cause is a testament to the strength and resilience of the human spirit.