article: The troubled development of the Circuit of Wales now faces a public inquiry in March, throwing into doubt next year's staging of the British round of MotoGP. Work should have commenced on the £315million motorsports venue on the outskirts of Ebbw Vale in February last year. However, the organisation behind the project, the Heads of the Valleys Development Company (HVDC), have encountered a number of planning permission hurdles. Circuit of Wales chiefs were forced to hand the staging of this season's British event to Donington Park . Despite signing a five-year agreement in August last year to host MotoGP, CoW bosses were quickly forced to hand over the staging of this season's event to Donington Park. HVDC then sought permission to de-register 600 acres of common land at Rassau, Blaenau Gwent, the site for the proposed circuit. Despite belief that would swiftly be granted and work would finally start in December or January, only now has the decision been taken to hold an inquiry, due to commence on March 10 for eight days. The inquiry has the support of the CoW, with chief executive Michael Carrick stating: 'The planning process is a lengthy one and we will continue to work with the planning body to ensure on-site works start as soon as possible in 2015. Last season's champion Marc Marquez of Repsol Honda Team celebrates on the podium in Germany . 'We are still aiming to have phase one site-wide and circuit infrastructure ready to host MotoGP when completed. 'This is a hugely important development, not just for the regeneration of Blaenau Gwent, but also for the UK economy. 'It's critical we ensure every detail is considered in the planning process before construction works can commence.' Following the inquiry, and even if permission is eventually granted, HVDC could yet face a judicial review, which would push development back further. Any additional delays would then impact on CoW's hopes of hosting MotoGP next year.
highlights: The development of the Circuit of Wales has hit further problems . Work on the £315m venue was intended to resume in February last year . An inquiry will now be made after a number of planning permission hurdles . CoW chiefs were forced to hand this term's British event to Donington Park .
id: fdec5b4dbe010ba269c9bf0fd61223841c678f6a
chatgpt: The long-awaited Circuit of Wales, a £315m venue that was intended to be the next great addition to the world of motorsport, has once again faced a serious setback. The development, which was expected to resume construction in February of last year, has been plagued by a number of planning permission hurdles.  The project has been fraught with challenges since its inception. The Circuit of Wales was originally proposed in 2013 as a world-class motorsport facility that could bring thousands of jobs to the economically-depressed area of Ebbw Vale in Wales. Backed by the Welsh government and a number of private investors, the project was expected to create a state-of-the-art circuit capable of hosting international events. However, the project has faced a number of setbacks in recent years. In December 2017, the Welsh government withdrew its support for the development, leaving uncertain its future. Moreover, the construction work on the site has been halted for years, with the intended restart in February 2019 postponed. Now, the Circuit of Wales faced yet another challenge as CoW chiefs had to admit defeat in preparing and hosting a motorsport event this year. The management was forced to hand this year's British event to Donington Park, showing that the Circuit of Wales was still unable to deliver on its promises. The Circuit of Wales development was expected to create 6,000 jobs in the area, but this promise has yet to be realized. The news that the venue will not host a motorsport event this year was yet another disappointment for the Welsh community and those across the motorsport industry who had hoped that this circuit would be a shining example of what is possible in the world of motorsport. It is not clear what will happen to the Circuit of Wales project moving forward. However, an inquiry will be made into the delays and setbacks that have contributed to the project's stagnation. The CoW chiefs expressed their disappointment in not being able to deliver a British event this year, but remained optimistic about the future of the Circuit of Wales. The Circuit of Wales project has been a long and difficult road, but it still represents an exciting opportunity for the motorsport industry in the UK. It is hoped that the inquiry will provide some clarity on what needs to be done to move this project forward and that construction work will soon resume on what could be a game-changing addition to the world of motorsport.