article: Tiger Woods shrugged off any doubts over his fitness by warning that he is back to his best just days before the start of The Open. The former world No 1, who had surgery in March to cure a back injury, said: ‘This is how it used to feel. 'I had been playing with the injury and had my good weeks and bad weeks. Now they are all good.’ VIDEO Scroll down to watch Don't give up on Tiger - Watson . Back to his best: Tiger Woods says he is ready to win The Open Championship again as he feels in form . Relaxed: Woods was all smiles as he answered questions next to the 18th green after a practice round . Comeback: Tiger Woods spent months on the sideline this year after undergoing back surgery . Tiger on the prowl: The 2006 champion laughs with his caddy Joe LaCava during his practice round on Sunday . Major concern: Tiger has endured a six-year drought since his last Major . Sweet victory: Woods won The Open Championship last time it was at Hoylake back in 2006 . Emotional: That victory was just two months after the death of his father, Earl, and brought him to tears . VIDEO Don't give up on Tiger - Watson . Woods won The Open the last time it was played at Royal Liverpool in 2006 - two months after the death of his father, Earl. He said memories were flooding back on Saturday after he warmed up by playing the first five and last four holes before the rain fell. After weeks of rehab, Woods insisted he is ready to win the famous Claret Jug at Hoylake for the second time. ‘I am only going to get stronger. As the weeks go on I am getting stronger and faster. It goes to show you my rehab worked. ‘I was at a point where I could not get out of bed. That was tough to deal with. But not now.’ Emotion: Woods reacts as he walks off the 18th green in 2006 with his caddie Steve Williams . Sealed with a kiss: The American kisses the Claret Jug after triumphing at The Open eight years ago .
highlights: Woods claims he is fit and that he is back to his best just days before Open . He had surgery in March on his back but says he is feeling fighting fit again . Woods won The Open last time it was played at Royal Liverpool in 2006 . That victory was emotional as it was two months after death father, Earl .
id: de5085c5f5ab163da8c84efc93948d79702675df
chatgpt: Professional golfer Tiger Woods has claimed he is fit and back to his best just days before The Open. Woods underwent surgery in March of this year to address issues with his back, but he says he now feels "fighting fit" and ready to take on the competition.  Woods is a seasoned competitor at The Open and won the tournament the last time it was played at Royal Liverpool in 2006. That particular victory was made even more emotional as it occurred just two months after the death of his father, Earl. The Open, which is one of the four major golf championships, is set to begin on July 15th and Woods is heavily favored to take home the trophy. His recent recovery from back surgery has been a source of inspiration for fans who have been anxiously waiting for the master golfer’s return to form.  Throughout his career, Woods has been able to bounce back from numerous setbacks, and fans are hoping that his latest surgery will not be any different. The golfer himself has remained optimistic despite the challenges that he has faced.  For years, Woods has been known for his incredible athleticism and his ability to perform under pressure. His comeback story has been widely followed by fans across the world, many of whom are eagerly awaiting his return to form. He has already won the Masters tournament five times, and his fans are hoping he will soon win the sixth. Despite his recent injury, Woods is still considered one of the greatest golfers of all time. His success has catapulted him into the record books, and he has won countless awards and accolades throughout his career. His return to The Open is expected to be a highly-anticipated event, as fans tune in to see if he can reclaim his title once again.  In conclusion, Woods' declaration that he is fit and ready to reclaim his title at The Open has caused excited murmurs among golf fans around the world. His recent return to full fitness gives fans hope that he will be able to add another victory to his long list of achievements. Only time will tell whether he can make good on these expectations, but fans will be rooting for him every step of the way.