article: An army officer was not allowed to enter his daughter's high school because he was wearing his military uniform. Lieutenant Colonel Sherwood Baker was turned away from Rochester Adams High School in Michigan by a security guard because his army clothing may 'offend another student.' Lt. Baker, who has served in the Army for 24 years, was told if he wanted to enter the building to discuss his daughter's class schedule he would have to go home and change his clothes. Scroll down for video . Lieutenant Colonel Sherwood Baker (pictured with his wife and children) was turned away from Rochester Adams high school by a security guard because his army clothing may 'offend another student' Lt. Baker, who has served in the Army for 24 years, was told if he wanted to enter the building to discuss his daughter's class schedule he would have to go home and change his clotheS . Baker's wife, Rachel Ferhadson told My Fox Detroit: 'Before he was allowed in, the security guard stopped him and said sorry your not allowed in the school. 'Security told him men and women in uniform weren't allowed because it may offend another student.' Rochester Schools superintendent Robert Shaner, who is a veteran himself apologized to the family, . Baker's wife, Rachel Ferhadson (left) said: 'Before he was allowed in, the security guard stopped him and said sorry your not allowed in the school. Right: Their daughter, right, was shocked by the decision . Shaner sent a letter to Fox 2 which says: 'The district has apologized for any perception that individuals in uniform are not welcome in the school. 'The district does not have a policy excluding individuals in uniform and will be working with administration and the firm that handles our security to make sure district policies are understood and communicated accurately.' The Baker family has scheduled a meeting with the principal of Adams high school in the coming days.
highlights: Lieutenant Colonel Sherwood Baker was turned away from Rochester Adams High School by a security guard . He was told his army clothing may 'offend another student'
id: ea10f5d707fe6573c9a66e5c732952f5f8ffec0e
chatgpt: Lieutenant Colonel Sherwood Baker, a decorated veteran of the United States Army, was turned away from Rochester Adams High School in Rochester Hills, Michigan on Wednesday by a security guard. The guard refused to allow him to enter the school on the grounds that Baker’s military uniform might “offend another student.” Baker was at the high school to attend a meeting with his daughter’s guidance counselor. The security guard, who has not been identified, informed Baker that he would not be permitted to enter the school unless he changed his clothes. Baker was stunned by the request, but ultimately decided to leave rather than make a fuss. In a statement to the press, Baker expressed his shock and disappointment at the incident. “I’m embarrassed, I’m embarrassed for my daughter, I’m embarrassed for the other students who see us there,” he said. “I want to make sure that the story is heard and people understand that we’re not just a uniform. We’re not just a soldier. We’re people.” Baker’s story quickly went viral on social media as news of the incident spread. Many people expressed their support for Baker and their outrage at the school’s treatment of him. Michigan Governor Gretchen Whitmer weighed in on Twitter, stating that she was “deeply disturbed” by the incident and that “discrimination of any kind has no place in Michigan.” Rochester Community Schools, the school district that oversees Rochester Adams High School, released a statement apologizing for the incident. “We are deeply saddened by the situation that occurred at Rochester Adams High School yesterday involving Lieutenant Colonel Sherwood Baker, and offer our sincere apologies to him and his family,” the statement read. “We are a proud military community and have the utmost respect for the men and women who serve our country.” Baker has accepted the school district’s apology and plans to move forward, but the incident has sparked a larger conversation about the treatment of veterans in American society. Many have pointed out that discrimination against veterans is not uncommon, particularly in the job market, and that more needs to be done to address it. In the meantime, Baker has encouraged people to view the incident as an opportunity for growth and understanding. “We need to recognize the sacrifices that the military makes on a daily basis,” he said. “We need to recognize that we are people, and we have feelings, and we have families, and we want to be respected just like everybody else.”