article: By . Craig Hope . Follow @@CraigHope01 . Alan Pardew believes Newcastle United now have the attacking options to frighten the Premier League's top four – while new signing Remy Cabella insists the club can end their 46-year wait for a trophy. The Magpies have brought in seven new players for this season and Pardew, having survived a torrid end to the previous campaign, is in optimistic mood. His side struggled for goals and failed to score in 12 league games from January onwards as fans called for the manager to be sacked. Raring to go: Remy Cabella (left) is confident Newcastle can end their 46-year wait for a trophy . Happy days: Alan Pardew (right) believes his attacking players can rival any in the league's top four . But owner Mike Ashley has backed his boss this summer and France international Cabella has been joined at St James' Park by Siem de Jong, Emmanuel Riviere, Facundo Ferreyra, Jack Colback, Daryl Janmaat and Ayoze Perez. United finished 10th last time around but Pardew is now far happier with his offensive personnel and has hailed their activity in the transfer market. 'I think we have done some terrific business this summer. It must please the Newcastle fans that we have signed some exciting, offensive players,' he said. 'And, for me, I feel far more comfortable with the team and that we can play a brand of football that is expected of us. New boy: Emmanuel Riviere (right) also showed promise during Newcastle's trip to Germany . Winning feeling: Rolando Aarons (left) also shone in pre-season and scored against Schalke last weekend . 'It is very difficult for the likes of the teams outside of the Champions League money to compete. But we are trying to do it in an educated manner. 'We've been accused of not spending the money we bring in, but now we have spent it and we can hope to get as close as we can. Certainly, offensively we are definitely stronger. There is no doubt about that.' Cabellea – a £12m arrival from Montpellier – scored his first goal during Sunday's 3-1 win over Schalke in Germany. And he is already eyeing the silverware which would signal the club's first since 1969. 'I hope we can win a cup this season. We play for that to win a trophy,' he said. 'There is a good feeling in the team at the moment and my adaptation is good. I have friends who are French and I am very happy to be here. I am just waiting for the first game now.'
highlights: Newcastle have invested in their squad this season with seven new arrivals . Alan Pardew is optimistic ahead of the new campaign . Remy Cabella, who  impressed this summer, believes they can win a trophy .
id: e958b494f1167b1e445f24a909651d39e7317716
chatgpt: Newcastle United have made significant strides in improving their squad ahead of the new Premier League season with the addition of seven new players. Manager Alan Pardew is optimistic about his side's chances in the upcoming campaign, while summer signing Remy Cabella has set his sights on winning a trophy. The Magpies recruited Cabella from French outfit Montpellier, along with the likes of Siem de Jong, Jack Colback and Daryl Janmaat, as well as Emmanuel Riviere, Ayoze Perez and Facundo Ferreyra on loan. The club also managed to hold onto key players such as Moussa Sissoko and Tim Krul, giving the team a much-needed boost in quality. Speaking ahead of the season opener against Manchester City, Pardew stated that the Newcastle fans could expect an exciting campaign. He was pleased with the club's transfer business and believed that the new players would add depth and quality to the squad. The Magpies have struggled in recent seasons, finishing 10th in the Premier League in the 2013/14 campaign, and Pardew is keen to improve on that position. The addition of Cabella, in particular, has given the manager confidence that he has the tools to succeed. The Frenchman impressed during the World Cup and his creativity and vision will be crucial to Newcastle's success. Cabella, for his part, has set his sights high. The attacking midfielder believes that the Magpies can win a trophy this season if they work hard and remain focused. He has been impressed by the quality of his new teammates and believes that the club has the potential to challenge for silverware. The 24-year-old has also spoken of his excitement at playing in the Premier League and is relishing the challenge. He is confident that he can make a big impact at Newcastle and help the team achieve their goals. Newcastle have made a promising start to the season, winning their opening game against Southampton 2-1 with goals from Papiss Cisse and Sissoko. The Magpies put in a solid defensive display and showed plenty of attacking intent, much to the delight of their fans. Pardew has praised his new signings following the victory and believes that they will only get better as they adapt to the Premier League. He is hoping that the team can build on their early momentum and make a real statement in the league this season. It remains to be seen whether Newcastle can meet Cabella's lofty ambitions and win a trophy this year. However, the Frenchman's confidence and determination to succeed could be just what the Magpies need to push on and establish themselves as a force in English football once again.