article: Police are hunting for a man who grabbed a bus steering wheel while it was driving along meaning the 12 tonne vehicle almost crashed into a parked car. The man, believed to be in his 30s, made the desperate grab on the number 40 bus in Coventry, West Midlands, after getting into a row with the driver when he accidentally ripped his ticket. He asked the driver to print a new one because he was worried it wouldn't be valid, but when the driver told him the ticket didn't need replacing as it was still perfectly acceptable, he lashed out. Scroll down for video . Hunt: West Midlands Police are looking for this man after he grabbed the steering wheel of the number 40 bus while it was going at 30mph through the village of Wyken Croft . Argument: The man made the reckless move after he accidentally ripped his ticket and asked for another. The driver told him the ticket didn't need replacing as it was still valid, but the man lashed out . CCTV from inside the bus shows the 50-year-old National Express West Midlands driver immediately slammed on the brakes, but only narrowly missed a parked car. West Midlands Police are now appealing for any witnesses or anybody who recognises the suspect to come forward. The incident happened at around 9.15am on January 27 in the town of Wyken Croft. Today a force spokeswoman said: 'We would like to speak to the man in the footage in connection with an assault on the bus driver. Danger: Police branded the man's actions 'extremely reckless' and said he is 'a danger to other road users' Getaway: After the incident at 9.15am on January 27 the man, believed to be in his 30s, ran off the bus and in the direction of Henley, West Midlands . 'He yanked the steering wheel, causing the driver to stop the bus before he then went off in the direction of Henley. 'His actions were extremely reckless and a danger to other road users.' Anyone with information is asked to contact Crimestoppers or call Coventry Police on 101 and speak with PC 8328 Stuart Watson & PC 7100 Michael Harkin.
highlights: Man, believed to be in his 30s, got on number 40 bus in Wyken Croft . Had argument with driver after ripping his ticket and asking for new one . Driver told him ticket was still valid, and so didn't need replacing . Man lashed out before running from bus towards Henley, West Midlands .
id: 1deb269affd315238bec799bb74dc296c26207c5
chatgpt: A man believed to be in his 30s had an argument with a bus driver after ripping his ticket and demanding a new one. The incident happened on the number 40 bus in the Wyken Croft area of Coventry. According to witnesses, the man became aggressive with the driver when he was told that his ticket was still valid and did not need to be replaced. The driver tried to reason with the man, but the situation quickly escalated. Eyewitnesses reported that the man began to lash out at the driver before running off the bus and towards the Henley area of West Midlands. The driver was left shaken, but fortunately, no one was injured. West Midlands Police have confirmed that they were called to the incident and are investigating the incident. They have also called for anyone with information about the incident to come forward. The incident has raised concerns about the safety of bus drivers in Coventry. This is not the first time that a bus driver has been verbally or physically assaulted in the city, and drivers are calling for more to be done to protect them. Speaking about the incident, a spokesperson for the bus company said: "We are aware of the incident that occurred on one of our buses in the Wyken Croft area of Coventry. We have a zero-tolerance policy towards any form of abuse or violence towards our drivers, and we are working closely with the police to ensure that the person responsible is brought to justice." They also urged anyone who witnessed the incident to come forward to assist with the investigation. The incident has also prompted calls for greater awareness and education about the risks and dangers of abusing and assaulting public service workers. The government has been urged to take action to address the issue and better protect those who work in these vital roles. In the meantime, bus drivers are being urged to remain vigilant and to report any incidents they experience to the police in order to better protect both themselves and their passengers.