article: Former MI6 chief Richard Barrett (pictured) said Britain should do a deal with jihadists fighting in Iraq and Syria to encourage them to 'come home' Britain should do a deal with jihadists fighting in Iraq and Syria to encourage them to ‘come home’, says a former MI6 chief. Richard Barrett, who was a counter-terrorism director at the secret intelligence service, said returning British extremists could be an ‘invaluable asset’. His call came as it emerged that five British men who signed up to fight with Islamic State (IS) have found life too tough and want to come home. The volunteers became disillusioned by the brutality of their leaders and the discomforts of living in a war zone. But they are now held in an IS punishment camp in Syria, where they are being tortured, according to intelligence sources. Mr Barrett said British Muslims disillusioned with taking up arms for terror groups could dissuade potential fanatics from becoming radicalised. It has been reported that as many as 30 British jihadists are looking at ways of returning, but fear being jailed in the UK. Mr Barrett said: ‘Many of the people who have been most successful in undermining the terrorist narrative are themselves ex-extremists.’ He said such people would be able to ‘explain why going abroad to fight is a bad idea’. ‘These are the people who can expose the true nature of IS and its leadership,’ he added. ‘Their stories of brutality and the motives behind it will be far more persuasive than the rhetoric of men  in suits.’ Researchers at London’s International Centre for the Study of Radicalisation have recently been contacted by British jihadists in Syria who say they would take part in de-radicalisation programmes but fear being jailed for terror crimes. Mashudur Choudhury, 31, from Portsmouth, . who was seduced by glamorous tales of martyrdom to join Islamic State, . was arrested and jailed when he returned and became the first Briton to . be found guilty of travelling to fight in the civil war. British jihadis: Mashudur Choudhury (left), 31, from Portsmouth, was arrested and jailed when he returned to the UK, while Abdel-Majed Abdel Bary (right), the so-called 'hip hop jihadist', left his £1million home to join ISIS . Last night the outgoing head of the Army warned that Britain should not rush into military action against IS. General . Sir Peter Wall said the Government must be cautious because it has . little idea of the capabilities and strengths of the terrorist . organisation. He told the . Daily Telegraph: ‘We were found wanting in both these respects in Iraq . and Afghanistan, and it took some time to get things right.’ Mohammed el-Araj (left) and Abu Hujama al-Britani (right), both from London, died fighting with extremists . War-zone: The Islamic State group (pictured parading in Raqqa, Syria) has overrun large areas of Syria and Iraq .
highlights: Richard Barrett says Britain should do deal with jihadists in Iraq and Syria . Claims returning UK extremists could be an 'invaluable asset' against ISIS . Ex-MI6 chief's call came as it emerged five British men want to come home . Volunteers became disillusioned by brutality of leaders and surroundings . Mr Barrett insists fighters 'can expose the true nature of the Islamic State' Up to 50 Special Forces soldiers have been deployed on Britain’s . streets after intelligence fears of jihadist gun attacks on shopping . centres. Troops drawn mainly . from the Special Reconnaissance Regiment, a military intelligence unit, . have begun undercover work alongside anti-terrorist police on a . surveillance operation focused on fears that militants returning from . Syria are planning an attack.
id: e0a9630ea033e882b0fe109aab6b0034785228f8
chatgpt: As the threat of jihadist attacks continues to loom over the UK, former MI6 chief Richard Barrett has proposed a daring solution: to strike a deal with the very extremists who seek to harm the country. Barrett recently made headlines with his controversial call to offer amnesty to UK jihadists who fought in Syria and Iraq, claiming that they could play an "invaluable" role in defeating ISIS. According to Barrett, returning extremists can provide invaluable intelligence about the inner workings of the Islamic State and its plans.  Barrett's call has come as it emerged that five British men who had left to fight in Syria are now seeking to come back to the UK. These individuals, who had once been enthusiastic volunteers, have reportedly become disillusioned by the brutality of their leaders and their surroundings. Mr Barrett insists these fighters are uniquely positioned to expose the true nature of the Islamic State, which is currently lacking from the intelligence reports. By utilizing the expertise and knowledge of these individuals, the UK may be able to create a more effective plan of action against ISIS. However, Barrett's call for amnesty has been met with skepticism from some security experts, who argue that these individuals cannot be trusted and could be a potential security risk for the UK. They are also concerned that such amnesty could serve as an inspiration for more young people to join extremist groups, knowing they too might be pardoned down the line.  The news of these returning jihadists has prompted the government to take swift action to protect the public, with up to 50 Special Forces soldiers deployed to the streets of Britain to help thwart potential gun attacks on shopping centers.  These troops have been drawn mainly from the Special Reconnaissance Regiment, a military intelligence unit, and have begun undercover work alongside anti-terrorist police on a surveillance operation focused on fears that militants returning from Syria are planning an attack. The operation is an effort to prevent any potential harm to the public, after a series of recent attacks on the streets of Europe. The measures include increased surveillance, intelligence gathering, and the deployment of armed officers to key locations — all in an effort to prevent militants from getting a foothold in UK soil. The proposal to offer amnesty to jihadists is a controversial one, and there are significant concerns about the potential risks and backlash that could result from such a move. Nevertheless, it has sparked a broader conversation about the role of returning extremists in the fight against terror, as well as the need to deploy all necessary resources to protect citizens from the threat of attack. As the situation continues to unfold, it is clear that the UK's security agencies will need to remain vigilant and adaptable to whatever comes their way.