article: (CNN) -- Valentino Rossi's hopes of retaining his MotoGP title were shattered on Saturday when the nine-time world champion motorcyclist suffered a horrific crash in a practice session for his home race in Italy. The 31-year-old could be out for months after fracturing a shin bone in his leg when he was thrown from his Yamaha in the second session ahead of qualifying at Mugello. He had an operation on Saturday afternoon, the official MotoGP Web site reported, after being flown to Careggi Hospital in Florence and then moved to the orthopedic trauma center. "It's an injury more serious than we thought, because it's an exposed fracture with the bone protruding from the skin," Doctor Claudio Macchiagodena of the sport's traveling medics Clinica Mobile told motogp.com. "We have reduced the fracture, which fortunately has not affected any blood vessels or nerves. It is serious." Doctor Roberto Buzzi, who performed the operation, said Rossi would be ruled out for at least two months. The rider, known as "The Doctor" among other nicknames, could miss eight races, starting with Sunday's Italian Grand Prix -- which he has won nine times. "The surgery had good results," Buzzi told motogp.com. "The alignment was good and the bone is now stable. "The wound remains open, as is usual in these cases, and it will be stitched in the next few days with another short surgery. We are confident that Valentino will be able to leave the hospital in a week to 10 days, able to put weight on the leg with the aid of crutches. "It is difficult to say how long the post surgery rehabilitation will take. But I think that we can reasonably think of six weeks of partial weight-bearing with crutches, after which Valentino needs to be re-evaluated." Rossi has not missed a race since his debut in the 125cc class in Malaysia in 1996, but his record run of 230 successive GP starts will now end. He is second overall in the world championship standings this season, nine points behind Jorge Lorenzo of Spain, who will start Sunday's race second on the grid behind compatriot Dani Pedrosa. Australia's former world champion Casey Stoner qualified third ahead of Ducati teammate Nicky Hayden, whose veteran fellow American Colin Edwards was fifth on a Monster Yamaha Tech 3. Pedrosa is fourth overall, 30 points behind Lorenzo, as he seeks his first win of 2010. Lorenzo is seeking his third successive victory in what is the fourth race of the season. "I want to say how sad I am for Valentino. I know how bad it is to be injured, especially at your home race, and it looks very painful for him," the 23 year-old told motogp.com. "I hope he recovers quickly because the championship will not be the same without him."
highlights: MotoGP world champion Valentino Rossi to have operation after fracturing his leg . Italian thrown off his bike during practice session ahead of home race in Mugello . He will miss a race for the first time since his debut in the 125cc class in 1996 . Championship leader Jorge Lorenzo qualifies second on grid behind Dani Pedrosa .
id: 5f45d499621a84e449a9509cf701870fbf6ee4af
chatgpt: Valentino Rossi, the nine-time MotoGP world champion, will undergo surgery after fracturing his leg in an accident during a practice session ahead of his home race at Mugello, Italy. The Italian was thrown off his bike and sustained the injury that will force him to miss a race for the first time since his debut in the 125cc class back in 1996. The incident occurred on Friday afternoon, just as Rossi was preparing to make his final practice run before the start of the Italian Grand Prix. He lost control of his bike and went tumbling through the gravel trap, injuring his leg in the process. It was a heavy blow for the rider, who has been in good form this season, having won two of the five races so far. Rossi was immediately attended to by medical personnel and taken to the nearby Careggi Hospital. Further tests confirmed that he had suffered a broken tibia and fibula in his right leg, and he will now undergo surgery to repair the damage. Reports suggest that he could be out of action for up to six weeks, which could hamper his chances of retaining his world title this season. The injury to Rossi is a significant setback for the Italian's long and successful career. He is currently fifth in the overall standings, 23 points behind championship leader Jorge Lorenzo. Despite his injury, Rossi remains optimistic about his prospects of returning to racing soon, saying in a statement, "I'm very sorry for the incident. Now I want to have the operation as soon as possible, to fix the fracture of the leg, and then to begin the rehabilitation." Rossi's absence from the grid will also have implications for the rest of the riders. Championship leader Lorenzo qualified in second place on the grid, behind Dani Pedrosa. With Rossi out of the picture, the Spaniard will undoubtedly be the favourite to win the race, which would extend his lead at the top of the standings. Widespread reports speculate that without Rossi, the competition will be open for other riders in the field. Meanwhile, fans and the racing community have expressed their support for Rossi, wishing him a speedy recovery. Among those is his arch-rival and former teammate, the retired champion Casey Stoner. In a social media post, Stoner conveyed his message to Rossi, saying, "Wishing @ValeYellow46 all the best and a speedy recovery. Good luck to all riders and stay safe." The Italian Grand Prix continues without the presence of the country's most famous rider, who will be sorely missed by fans and racers alike. Despite the mishap, Rossi remains a top contender for the MotoGP world championship, and his fans eagerly await his return to the grid.