article: By . Mail on Sunday Reporter . A grieving daughter who wanted her father’s funeral to be ‘a perfect send-off’ has claimed it was ruined by a council official halting the burial, telling her that metal coffins were banned. Stella Birdsall, 48, had ordered a £3,000, vacuum-sealed, navy blue metal casket with steel handles for her father Colin, 72, because she wanted ‘to do the very best by my dad’. She said the service at St Botolph’s Church, in Knottingley, West Yorkshire, on Thursday ‘went beautifully’ but then the official ‘ambushed’ the funeral cortege beside the open grave. Stella Birdstall, 48, was holding a funeral service for her father Colin, 72, in this church in West Yorkshire when a council official halted proceedings because they were using a metal casket - which is banned . Miss Birdsall said he told the family that the interment could not go ahead because it breached Wakefield Council’s policy barring the use of metal caskets – and that she had two options, either to postpone the burial or to change the casket. ‘Everybody was in a state of shock,’ she said. ‘I was dumbfounded.’ After a hurried discussion, the family decided that the hearse should return to the undertaker’s parlour so that the body could be transferred into a wooden coffin. She said her father’s body was put in a plain, plywood box which was the only one they had in stock. Miss Birdsall said she did not blame the undertaker, Jennings Funeral Services, but added: ‘It was like Wakefield Council ambushed my father’s burial.’ Miss Birdsall said she is looking at exhuming her father’s body for reburial in a more suitable coffin. She added: ‘Nobody has been talking about what a beautiful service it was. It has all been about what happened at the graveside.’ A spokesman for Wakefield Council said: ‘We are looking into these comments and until we have done this we are not in a position to comment.’
highlights: Stella Birdsall, 48, ordered navy blue metal coffin to bury father Colin in . However Wakefeild council has policy against using metallic caskets . Official stopped service and told family internment could not go ahead .
id: 40075b1bc473c9de88f395bfb2145054dd599796
chatgpt: The grieving family of Colin Birdsall was left devastated after Wakefield council officials halted his burial due to his daughter’s choice of coffin. Stella Birdsall had ordered a navy blue metal coffin for her father’s burial but the Wakefield council has a strict policy against the use of metallic caskets. Stella, 48, had planned her father’s funeral meticulously and had chosen the metal casket as it reminded her of her father’s love for his vintage motorcycles. However, when the family arrived for the service, an official informed them that the internment could not go ahead. This incident, which took place in the small village of Horbury, has sparked debate among locals and experts about whether policy should take precedence over personal choice. Several family members were present at the burial, including Colin’s wife Sarah and his son, Ben. According to Ben, the family felt “disrespected and let down” by the council’s actions. “It was heartbreaking to see the coffin that we had chosen for our father being rejected,” he said. The family was forced to choose an alternative coffin on the spot, which left them feeling rushed and unprepared. The service eventually went ahead but was marred by the council’s insensitive actions. Speaking to reporters, a council spokesperson defended the policy, saying that it was in place to ensure that “all burials are carried out in a safe and dignified manner.” According to the spokesperson, metallic caskets can often be too heavy, which can pose a risk of injury to those involved in the burial process. Experts have cautioned against such rigid policies, arguing that they can often result in unnecessary distress for grieving families. Dr. Kate Woodthorpe, a death studies expert at the University of Bath, said that “councils should take a more nuanced approach to funerals” and that “there should be more flexibility when it comes to personal choice.” This incident has once again shed light on the often-overlooked issue of funeral policy and begs the question: should policy take precedence over personal choice when it comes to burying our loved ones?