article: After five months of undergoing treatment for cancer, Cincinnati Bengals player Devon Still's daughter will finally get to watch her father play in person for the first time on Thursday night. Since 4-year-old Leah was diagnosed with stage 4 Neuroblastoma in June, the defensive tackle has been immersed in helping her get through surgery and chemotherapy to fight the cancerous growth found in her abdomen. She's feeling good enough to leave a hospital back home in Philadelphia and fly to Cincinnati for a game on Thursday night against the Cleveland Browns at Paul Brown Stadium, where she'll get to watch her father play for the first time. Scroll down for video . Leah Still, 4, is feeling good enough to leave hospital in Philadelphia to fly to Cincinnati for Thursday night's game where she'll get to watch her father Devon play for the Cincinnati Bengals for the first time . Leah is hoping he'll do the robot dance just for her. ‘I got to do something for her,’ the third-year player from Penn State told WCPO. ‘You got to make a play. You can't just be out there dancing for no reason.’ After the first quarter of the game, Leah is expected to be part of a ceremony in which the team presents a check to Cincinnati Children's Hospital for more than $1 million to go toward pediatric cancer research. The team raised money from sales of Still's jersey, No. 75, which sold out, according to the team's website. ‘All the money that's been raised for the cancer research is because of her strength and because she's fighting this disease. So it's definitely going to be an emotional game for me.’ Leah is hoping that her father will do the robot dance just for her on Thursday night. ‘You got to make a play. You can't just be out there dancing for no reason,' he said . The Bengals (5-2-1) helped Still and his daughter by excusing him from offseason activities so he could spend time with her in Philadelphia. They kept him on the practice squad to start the season even though he was hurt so that he'd keep his medical coverage. ‘It's going to be added motivation just knowing my daughter is watching me,’ Still said. ‘I want her to be able to hear how the crowd cheers that loud whenever I make a tackle, so I'm going to go out there and do whatever I can to put a smile on her face.’ It will be a special night for the team, Bengals spokesman Jeff Berding said at a news conference. "It's a little extra special because we have Leah Still in the house," Berding said. "There's been a tremendous amount of support from the community and across the country to support her and Devon Still and their fight against pediatric cancer." Fighting: Still posted a video of himself giving Leah a peptalk ahead of major surgery, which then went viral .
highlights: Leah Still, 4, is feeling good enough to leave hospital in Philadelphia to fly to Cincinnati for Thursday night's game . It is the first time she'll ever have seen her father Devon play for the Cincinnati Bengals . Leah, who was diagnosed with stage 4 cancer in June, is hoping he'll do the robot dance just for her . 'I got to do something for her,' said the third-year player from Penn State .
id: 26db081d9e3bc0ea5d67fc2ecc5aeaa542bcab55
chatgpt: After months of grueling treatments for stage 4 cancer, little Leah Still is feeling well enough to leave the hospital in Philadelphia and embark on a trip that's been months in the making. On Thursday night, she will fly to Cincinnati to watch her father, Devon, play for the first time.  Devon Still, a third-year player for the Cincinnati Bengals, has been a beacon of strength and hope for his daughter in the face of a terrifying diagnosis. The family has chronicled Leah's journey on social media, drawing tens of thousands of followers and sharing updates on her progress. Now, Leah's big moment has arrived. She'll be in the stands at Paul Brown Stadium, cheering on her dad as the Bengals take on the Cleveland Browns. And while she's looking forward to watching the game, she has a special request for her father: do the robot dance, just for her. "I got to do something for her," Devon told reporters. "I'm going to go out there and do my best to get a sack, do my best to make some plays for her. And if I make a play, I'll definitely do the robot for her." Leah's story has captivated the nation, drawing an outpouring of support from strangers who have been moved by her courage and resilience. The Bengals have played a key role in raising awareness for pediatric cancer, selling Still's No. 75 jersey and donating proceeds to the Cincinnati Children's Hospital and Medical Center. So far, the team has raised more than $1 million. For Leah, the trip to Cincinnati is about more than just watching her dad play football. It's a chance to experience normalcy after months of painful treatments and hospital stays. She's excited to spend time with her dad and her family, and to enjoy a break from the intensive medical care she's been receiving. "I'm happy to be going to Cincinnati to see my dad play," Leah said in a video posted by Devon on Instagram. "I love you Daddy, you're the best." Still, the trip won't be without its challenges. Leah's cancer is in remission, but she'll still need to be careful about germs and exposure to illness. Her immune system is weakened from the intensive chemotherapy she's received, and any infection could be dangerous. Additionally, Leah will need to be monitored closely during the trip to ensure that she's comfortable and able to handle the stress of travel. But her family is confident that she's up to the challenge, and that the experience will be a positive one for everyone involved. "We're just taking it one day at a time," Devon said. "We're looking forward to having her up there with us, and hopefully she'll get a chance to see her dad make some plays and do the robot for her." Leah's journey has been a testament to the power of hope and love in the face of adversity. Her story has touched the hearts of people around the world, and has helped to raise awareness for pediatric cancer research. As she heads to Cincinnati to watch her dad play, she'll do so as a symbol of strength and resilience – and a reminder that even in the darkest of times, there is always the possibility of hope.