article: Chemicals in make-up, perfume and plastic containers could be behind a surge in the incidence of asthma in children, researchers warned yesterday. Scientists have found that babies exposed to high levels of phthalates while in the womb are up to 78 per cent more at risk of the condition. They think the chemicals may be causing foetuses’ airways to become more sensitive, making them susceptible to asthma in their childhood years. The study says it is also worth considering cutting back on using any scented products – cosmetics, perfumes, air fresheners and detergents (File photos) The academics are urging parents to reduce the risk by avoiding using plastic containers, perfume and heavily scented washing detergents. Asthma rates in children in the UK have increased by between two and three times since the 1950s and a similar trend has been noticed in other Western countries. Researchers at the University of Columbia in New York measured the level of two types of phthalates – butylbenzyl and di-n-butyl – in the urine of 300 pregnant women. The mothers were then given questionnaires when their children were aged five, six, seven, nine and 11 to determine if they had asthma symptoms. The study, published in the journal Environmental Health Perspectives, found that children born to women with the highest levels of butylbenzyl phthalate were 72 per cent more likely to develop asthma. ‘There are some simple steps families can take. Avoid using plastic containers and as much as you can store your food in glass jars in the fridge' Those with the highest levels of di-n-butyl phthalate were 78 per cent more at risk compared to women with low levels. Dr Robin Whyatt, of Columbia University, said: ‘These chemicals are very widely used in very high volume and they are not generally listed on labels. ‘There are some simple steps families can take. Avoid using plastic containers and as much as you can store your food in glass jars in the fridge. ‘Never microwave in plastic. It is also worth considering cutting back on using any scented products – cosmetics, perfumes, air fresheners and detergents.’ She also suggested women check their make-up on the internet for phthalates. Around 5.4million Britons have asthma, including 1.1million children, and it causes up to 1,250 deaths a year. Dr Samantha Walker, director of research and policy at the charity Asthma UK, said: ‘It is a complex condition and these new research findings need to be explored in much more detail.’
highlights: Babies exposed to high levels of phthalates in the womb are up to 78% more at risk . Scientist suggests women check their make-up on internet for phthalates . Avoid using plastic containers and as much as you can store your food in glass jars in the fridge . Around 5.4million Britons have asthma, including 1.1million children .
id: 2ff86c0dd4f13a59f19a1f18124f4d35b1bf47ca
chatgpt: New research shows that babies exposed to high levels of phthalates in the womb may face an increased risk of developing asthma. According to the study published in the journal International Journal of Epidemiology, these babies are up to 78% more at risk of developing the respiratory condition. Phthalates are a group of chemicals used in the production of a wide range of products, including plastics and cosmetics. They can be found in many common household items such as food packaging, shower curtains and furniture. The study, which involved over 1,000 mother-child pairs, found that exposure to high levels of phthalates during pregnancy was associated with a greater risk of childhood asthma. The researchers suggested that pregnant women should try to minimize their exposure to these chemicals. One way to do this is to avoid using plastic containers and as much as possible store food in glass jars in the fridge. Women should also check their makeup on the internet for phthalates to avoid exposing themselves and their babies to the harmful chemicals. "Reducing exposure to phthalates is an important public health goal," said Professor Mireille Toledano, senior author of the study. "Our findings highlight the need to further regulate the use of these chemicals in consumer products." Asthma is a chronic respiratory condition characterized by inflammation and narrowing of the airways. It affects around 5.4 million people in the UK, including 1.1 million children. The condition can be triggered by a variety of factors, including pollution, allergens and irritants. Dr Rob Davies, Head of Research at Asthma UK, said: "This study adds to the growing body of evidence linking exposure to phthalates with respiratory problems. Pregnant women should take steps to reduce their exposure to these chemicals, but it's important to note that asthma is a complex condition with many triggers, and there is no definitive cure." While there is no cure for asthma, it can be managed with medication and lifestyle changes. These include avoiding triggers such as smoke and pollution, maintaining a healthy weight, and staying active. Overall, this study highlights the importance of being aware of the chemicals we are exposed to on a daily basis, particularly during pregnancy. By taking steps to reduce our exposure to harmful chemicals, we can help to protect the health of ourselves and our children.