article: John Carver looks set to remain in caretaker charge of Newcastle United for their next two matches as he bids to win the head coach role - and his cause has been boosted by the return of Tim Krul. The goalkeeper took part in a behind-closed-doors match with Celtic on Thursday having recovered from the ankle injury which has kept him sidelined since November. And Carver, whose side travel to Chelsea on Saturday, said: ‘It’ll be huge to have him back. Tim Krul's (left) return to action on Thursday will come as a huge boost to Newcastle United boss John Carver . The Holland international watches the flight of the ball during a behind-closed-doors friendly against Celtic . Krul has been sidelined since November after suffering an ankle injury . ‘He’s been fantastic for this football club and I know that it will give everybody a boost. ‘It will certainly give me a boost and the fans as well. ‘He is a leader and we need leaders at Chelsea. Newcastle manager Carver watches on during a training session on Friday . Ryan Taylor also stepped up his recovery from injury as he looks for a imminent return to first-team action . Moussa Sissoko (left) and Siem de Jong (right) in action during a Newcastle training session on Thursday . ‘He is taking part in a behind closed doors game against Celtic. We are going to give him 45 minutes and if he’s come through he will play at the weekend.’ Meanwhile, Carver has been told to prepare the team for the game at Chelsea and the following weekend’s visit of Southampton. And Alan Pardew’s former assistant says he is enjoying the challenge, despite the criticism in the wake of last Saturday’s FA Cup defeat at Leicester City. Papiss Cisse scored twice when Newcastle beat Chelsea 2-1 back at the start of December . Carver had to front up to the fans after Newcastle's disappointing FA Cup exit to Leicester City . ‘I am sitting here and OK, it hasn’t been a great few days, but I am enjoying it, it’s something I love and want to do,’ he said. ‘I know the pitfalls and what comes with it. The fact I put my hat in the ring some people will say I was crazy. But no, I want to do it. ‘I am really focused. I still want to do it and have the drive and enthusiasm to want to do it.’
highlights: Tim Krul could return for Newcastle United's visit to Chelsea on Saturday . Goalkeeper has been out since November with an ankle injury . It is a timely boost for caretaker manager John Carver . Krul will play first in behind-closed-doors friendly against Celtic . Newcastle beat Chelsea 2-1 in Premier League back in December . Click here for more Newcastle news .
id: de0d8a226b2832316ac7b6cef03e9b58a036125f
chatgpt: Newcastle United's caretaker manager John Carver received a timely boost today with the news that goalkeeper Tim Krul could return for their visit to Chelsea on Saturday. Krul has been sidelined since November with an ankle injury, but is set to play in a behind-closed-doors friendly against Celtic in order to prove his fitness. Krul has been a key player for Newcastle over the past few seasons, and his presence in goal will undoubtedly provide a major lift to the team. With Newcastle currently sitting in 11th place in the Premier League, Carver will be hoping that Krul's return can help them push up the table in the remaining games of the season. The news of Krul's return comes at a good time for Newcastle, who will be looking to replicate their impressive 2-1 victory over Chelsea in the Premier League back in December. On that occasion, goals from Yoan Gouffran and Loic Remy secured a famous win for Newcastle at St James' Park. Krul's return could also provide a boost to Newcastle's defence, who have been conceding goals at an alarming rate in recent weeks. The Dutch keeper is known for his shot-stopping abilities and his commanding presence in the penalty area, and his return could help to shore up the Magpies' defence. Despite being without Krul for the past few months, Newcastle have managed to maintain a reasonable run of form under Carver. However, the caretaker manager will be acutely aware that his side face a tough challenge against Chelsea, who remain unbeaten at home this season. Krul's return to fitness will be welcome news for Newcastle fans, who have endured a difficult season so far. The Magpies have struggled to make an impact in the Premier League this season, and have been beset by a series of off-field problems. However, Carver's side will be hoping that Krul's return can provide a much-needed boost as they look to finish the season strongly. With games against the likes of Manchester City and Tottenham Hotspur still to come, Newcastle will need all the help they can get if they are to avoid being dragged into a relegation battle. Overall, the news of Krul's return will be a major boost for Newcastle, and will give Carver and his players renewed confidence ahead of their trip to Stamford Bridge on Saturday. If Krul can recapture his form quickly, there is no reason why Newcastle cannot cause an upset and secure a famous victory against the Premier League's runaway leaders.