article: Washington (CNN) -- The  Justice Department, as promised, moved Tuesday to block a court ruling  preventing use of government funds for embryonic stem cell  research. The lower-court decision that bars the use of publicly funded stem-cell work had stunned the Obama administration, which had vowed to appeal. "The government is  seeking a stay of the court's injunction to prevent the irreparable human and  financial harm that could occur if these life-saving research projects are forced  to abruptly shut down," said Justice Department spokeswoman Tracy  Schmaler. "The court's order causes  irrevocable harm to the millions of extremely sick or injured people who stand  to benefit from continuing research as well as to the taxpayers who have spent  hundreds of millions of dollars on this research," a Justice Department  statement said. The Justice lawyers  filed the notice of appeal and the proposed stay with U.S. District Court  Judge Royce Lamberth, who had granted the injunction sought by plaintiffs opposed  to research in which embryos had been destroyed. "We've said from day one that embryonic  stem cell research is a top priority for this administration, and we're going to  do everything possible to prevent the potentially catastrophic  consequences of this injunction," said White House spokesman Reid Cherlin. The government said if  Lamberth has not granted the stay by September 7, the government would "present  their stay request to the Court of Appeals the following day". In that event, a  three-judge panel of the U.S. Circuit Court for the District of Columbia, would likely rule quickly  on the request for a stay, while it schedules briefs and arguments on the legal  merits of the case which may take months. Government lawyers filed  the appeal on behalf of Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius, the National Institutes  of Health, and its director, Francis Collins. Collins said NIH has  invested over $546 million in taxpayers' money in human embryonic stem cell  research since 2001. In a 12-page statement attached to the appeal, Collins  said the court order prevents NIH from providing $54 million in funds to 24  human embryonic research projects currently under way that were expecting to  receive funds within the next month. He said another 199 grants would be  discontinued for projects which were to be awarded funding after the September  30 deadline ordered by the court. Judge Lamberth had ruled  that all embryonic stem-cell research involves destroying embryos. He said a  provision of federal spending bills "unambiguously prohibits the use of federal  funds for all research in which a human embryo is  destroyed". The legal arguments with  which Lamberth sided were brought by researchers opposed to use of embryonic  stem cells. Plaintiffs included a group that seeks adoptive parents for human  embryos created through in vitro fertilization, the non-profit Christian  Medical Association and others. CNN Senior White House Correspondent Ed Henry contributed to this report.
highlights: NEW: "Embryonic stem cell research is a top priority," White House says . The appeal warns delays will hurt people waiting for cures . The Obama administration had pledged to appeal an August 23 ruling . That decision found that destroying human embryos violated federal law .
id: 0c35ccefe04f5410fc486968b98aa0ecff54fe01
chatgpt: Embryonic stem cell research remains a top priority for the White House, despite a recent court ruling which has put the brakes on this cutting-edge medical technique. The Obama administration has vowed to appeal a ruling made on 23 August, which found that destroying human embryos violated federal law. The ruling came as a blow to the scientific community, which has long championed embryonic stem cell research as a potential cure for a range of medical conditions. But the Obama administration has made it clear that it will continue to advocate for this research, even in the face of opposition from anti-abortion activists. Speaking to reporters, White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs stressed the importance of embryonic stem cell research in the fight against serious diseases. "This is an incredibly important field of research, and we are committed to doing everything we can to ensure that it continues," he said. "The appeal we are making today is a crucial step in that effort." Part of the White House's argument is that delaying embryonic stem cell research will hurt people waiting for potentially life-saving cures. "The longer we wait, the more people will suffer needlessly," Gibbs said. He also pointed out that the research is at a critical point in its development, with promising results already coming out of clinical trials. Opponents of embryonic stem cell research argue that it is unethical to destroy human embryos for scientific purposes. They also claim that there are alternative methods available, such as using adult stem cells, which do not involve destroying human life. However, supporters of embryonic stem cell research argue that the potential benefits to society outweigh these ethical concerns. Despite the controversy surrounding embryonic stem cell research, it remains an important area of study for scientists around the world. The technique involves using stem cells from human embryos to create new cells, which can then be used to treat a range of medical conditions, from Parkinson's disease to spinal cord injuries. The Obama administration has been a strong supporter of embryonic stem cell research from the outset, with President Obama signing an executive order in 2009 to lift restrictions on federal funding for this type of research. However, the recent court ruling has left researchers in something of a legal limbo, with some fearing that their work may be curtailed if the government is unable to provide adequate funding. Despite this setback, the White House remains committed to pursuing embryonic stem cell research, arguing that it is a vital part of efforts to improve human health. "We believe that this research holds tremendous promise for people suffering from serious conditions," Gibbs said. "And we will do everything in our power to ensure that it can continue."