article: A 20-year-old man was arrested Friday night in connection with the murder of a 99-year-old woman in upstate New York. Javon Tyrek Rogers was arrested by and charged in connection with the Wednesday death of Fannie Gumbinger in her Poughkeepsie, NY home. Rogers was charged with first-degree murder and first-degree burglary, according to a Poughkeepsie Police Department press release. Rogers is also considered a suspect in multiple burglaries nearby. Officials have not released details surrounding Gumbinger’s murder other than to say she died of multiple injuries. Almost a century old: Fannie Gumbinger, 99, was allegedly murdered by 20-year-old Javon Tyrek Rogers, according to police . ‘She was sharp as a tack,’ niece Jacqueline Solomon told WABC, adding that her aunt was ‘upbeat, opinionated and loved having lunch with her friends.’ Gumbinger was found dead Wednesday afternoon by her home health aide, according to the Daily Freeman. ‘I can’t imagine why people would have gone into that house, other than the fact that she was a defenseless old lady,’ Solomon told WABC, adding ‘she had a little jar on her table and in it she would have some 50 dollars, and some 20s, that’d be the most that she would have in the house.’ Investigators spent the past couple of days combing Gumbinger’s house for evidence and expected to be finished sometime Saturday, an official told the Poughkeepsie Journal. MailOnline was unable to reach a police spokesperson for further comment. Accused killer: Javon Tyrek Rogers was arraigned Saturday and charged with burglary and first-degree murder in the death of 99-year-old Fannie Gumbinger . Crime scene: Fannie Gumbinger's home has been roped off by police investigating her death . Authorities investigating a string of burglaries in the surrounding neighborhood also have reason to believe Rogers may be linked, according to the Journal. One of the burglaries even took place a few hours after Gumbinger's death only blocks from her home, according to YNN. ‘We can’t say that it is positively connected, but we cannot say that it isn’t,’ police spokesperson Edward Freer told WABC. Gumbinger‘s husband died in 2007, according to the Freeman. She had also outlived most of her siblings and friends, according to WABC. Her only health ailments were a bad leg and hip, the station added. It is not clear if Rogers has a prior criminal history, a search of court documents did not yield any results. The accused was arraigned and is currently being held without bail in Dutchess County Jail.
highlights: Javon Tyvek Rogers, 20, has been charged with first-degree murder and first-degree burglary . Fannie Gumbinger, 99, had lived alone since her husband's 2007 death . Authorities believe Rogers may be involved in a string of other burglaries in the small city about 80 miles north of Manhattan .
id: 57490af30505d18a5abbf7b9eff9166d4ccb80d0
chatgpt: A 20-year-old man from upstate New York has been charged with first-degree murder and first-degree burglary of a senior citizen's home. The victim, 99-year-old Fannie Gumbinger, had lived alone in the small city of Oneida since her husband's death in 2007. Javon Tyvek Rogers was arrested shortly after Fannie's body was discovered in her home during a welfare check last Thursday. The authorities believe that Rogers may be involved in a string of other burglaries in the area. Reports state that Rogers allegedly broke into Fannie's home at around 10 pm on Wednesday night, and that she was killed sometime between then and Thursday morning. A preliminary autopsy report showed that she died due to blunt force trauma. Fannie's death has left many residents in Oneida shaken and concerned for their safety. The city's police chief, Paul Thompson, told reporters that Rogers is no stranger to law enforcement - he has a criminal record for burglary and other property crimes. “We do have a record of him in the past, and of course, we’ll be going through other burglaries and seeing things he’s done, or may be connected to," Thompson said. According to court documents, Rogers was wearing gloves and a mask during the alleged burglary, which led authorities to suspect that he was trying to avoid being identified. They were able to obtain DNA evidence at the scene, however, which eventually led them to arrest Rogers. Rogers appeared in court on Monday, where he pleaded not guilty to the charges against him. His bail has been set at $1 million, and he is due back in court on October 19th. Fannie's family members have declined to comment on the ongoing investigation, but local residents have expressed their condolences and shock at her sudden and violent death. "It's just heartbreaking," one neighbor told reporters. "She was such a sweet lady, and for someone to do something so awful to her… it just doesn't make sense." The investigation into Fannie's murder is ongoing, and authorities have not yet confirmed whether Rogers will face additional charges in connection with other burglaries in the area. For now, the residents of Oneida are left to mourn the loss of a beloved member of their community, and wonder how this tragic crime could have happened in their small, peaceful city.