article: (CNN) -- Although the general public may be embracing the LGBT community more these days, it doesn't look like Hollywood is keeping up. That's the message of GLAAD's 2014 Studio Responsibility Index, which charts the "quantity, quality and diversity of images of LGBT people in films released by the seven largest motion picture studios during the 2013 calendar year." This year's study found that of the 102 films released by the major studios in 2013, only 17 included characters identified as lesbian, gay or bisexual. And of those 17, the study concluded, most were minor characters, some of which GLAAD characterized as "defamatory representations." "The lack of substantial LGBT characters in mainstream film, in addition to the outdated humor and stereotypes, suggests large Hollywood studios may be doing more harm than good when it comes to worldwide understanding of the LGBT community," GLAAD CEO and President Sarah Kate Ellis said in a statement. "These studios have the eyes and ears of millions of audience members, and should reflect the true fabric of our society rather than feed into the hatred and prejudice against LGBT people too often seen around the globe." 20th Century Fox, Lionsgate, Universal Pictures and Walt Disney Studios were graded as "adequate" for their portrayal of the community, while both Warner Bros. and Paramount were rated as "failing" for "including only minor and offensive portrayals of LGBT." Warner Bros. is owned by the parent company of CNN. Sony Pictures was the only studio to receive a "good" score for having several LGBT-inclusive films, including "Mortal Instruments: City of Bones." Two films, "Riddick" and "Pain and Gain," were singled out for having offensive portrayals. Films were judged by the the organization's "Vito Russo Test," named after the film historian and GLAAD co-founder. In order to pass the test, a film had to meet the following criteria: . • The film must contain a character that is identifiably lesbian, gay, bisexual and/or transgender. • That character must not be solely or predominantly defined by their sexual orientation or gender identity. i.e. They are made up of the same sort of unique character traits commonly used to differentiate straight characters from one another. • The LGBT character must be tied into the plot in such a way that their removal would have a significant effect. They are not there to simply provide colorful commentary, paint urban authenticity or (perhaps most commonly) set up a punchline. The character should "matter." Of the 17 films with LGBT characters, only seven passed the Vito Russo Test. The study also notes that unlike films, "TV seems to have entered another golden age, where the programming is not only incredibly thematically diverse (and prolific), but is also fertile ground for creators to tell truly unique and innovative stories. Not by accident, it's also the best place in popular culture to find complex and resonant representations of LGBT people that connect with a mainstream audience." Obama bars federal contractors from LGBT discrimination .
highlights: GLAAD found that fewer than 20% of last year's films had LGBT characters . Two films were cited for having offensive portrayals . Study notes that TV is more inclusive .
id: c027757969a07c1754d5fb11a194ba4b575d7188
chatgpt: A new report from the Gay and Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation (GLAAD) has found that less than 20% of the highest-grossing films released in the United States in 2017 included characters that identify as lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT). The study also found that two of the films that did include any LGBT characters were criticized for their offensive and harmful portrayals of the community. The annual "Studio Responsibility Index" report is intended to assess the quality, quantity, and diversity of LGBT representation in movies. In its 2017 edition, the report noted that of the 125 films released by major studios, only 23 contained identifiable LGBT characters. This figure stood four percentage points lower than the year before in 2016. A distressing finding was that the characters that do appear on the screen are often stereotyped or limited to small roles that do not have a significant impact on the storyline. Additionally, as mentioned earlier, two of the films with LGBT characters were singled out for criticism of their portrayals. One movie was the comedy "CHiPs," and the other was the action thriller "The Assignment." The latter came under fire for its transphobic storyline revolving around a hitman who undergoes forced gender reassignment surgery. The report also pointed out that there has been a lack of representation among people of color, with 64% of LGBT characters being non-Hispanic White. Allies also need representation as only 26% of the LGBT characters had an ally in the film, and when they did, they were usually White, male, and presented in a comedic way. However, the report suggests that television is beginning to set a better example than movies where inclusivity is concerned. The 2016-2017 TV season saw a record-high of 329 regular and recurring LGBTQ characters in series across broadcast, cable, and streaming platforms. This statistic represents an 8.4% increase from the previous year. Sarah Kate Ellis, the president and CEO of GLAAD, commented on the new findings: "Too often, the few LGBTQ characters that make it to the big screen are relegated to outdated stereotypes or used as comedic relief or simply tokens, while harmful tropes and dangerous stereotypes of LGBTQ people continue to proliferate." Thus, GLAAD has called on Hollywood executives to do more to ensure fair and accurate portrayals of the LGBTQ community in major motion pictures. In recent times, there has been a push for more representation in Hollywood with calls for diversity and inclusiveness. For instance, movies like "Moonlight" (2016) and "Love, Simon" (2018) featuring queer leads were successful, both critically and commercially, and thus prove that the demand for increased representation exists.  In summary, the GLAAD report underscores how Hollywood studios are lagging in portrayals of LGBT characters, with serious implications for representation and equality. Although television has shown progress, more work needs to be done towards a balance between inclusiveness and art for film adaptations. As audiences become more conscious about representation, we can hope that Hollywood will take progressive steps in the direction of inclusivity.