article: (CNN) -- Dutchman Edgar Davids has lifted the European Champions League trophy, won league titles in Italy and the Netherlands and played in a World Cup semifinal against Brazil in 1998. So why has a soccer star like Davids, who won 74 international caps for the Netherlands between 1994 and 2005, decided to become joint head coach of Barnet, who are currently rock bottom of the lowest tier of professional in England. "I'm happy to explore my possibilities and share my knowledge and experience with Barnet Football Club," the 39-year-old told the London club's official website. "I am very excited about the challenge ahead." Blog: Does international soccer need a shake up? After a playing career which spanned two decades and saw Davids strut his stuff at the San Siro and the Nou Camp, the one-time midfield dynamo will now be pacing the touchline of Barnet's 6,000-capacity Underhill Stadium in north London. In addition to his coaching responsibilities, Davids also hopes to make a playing return for "The Bees" as soon as possible. Barnet would be the third English team Davids -- who was nicknamed "The Pitbull" in recognition of his fiesty playing style -- has turned out for following two years with Tottenham Hotspur between 2005 and 2007 and a brief spell with second-tier Crystal Palace in 2010. A spell in English football's lower reaches is in stark contrast to previous stages of Davids' career, following stints with Ajax, AC Milan, Barcelona and Juventus. "I am delighted to welcome Edgar to our club," said Mark Robson, the current Barnet head coach who will now job share with Davids. "His experience as a player throughout his illustrious career will be a massive benefit to all our players and I look forward to forming a strong partnership with him". Davids is also known for the goggles he sports while playing, a necessity due to him suffering from the eye disease glaucoma. Barnet has spent the majority of its history at the lower end of English football, winning the Conference -- the division immediately below England's top four professional leagues -- on two occasions.
highlights: Edgar Davids becomes joint head coach of English club Barnet . London-based Barnet are currently bottom of the Fourth Division . Nicknamed "The Pitbull", Davids has played for AC Milan, Juventus, Barcelona and Inter Milan . Davids also intends to become a member of Barnet's playing squad .
id: 839f7f99757fd04eb977ceabd3b9522e9332f0c4
chatgpt: London-based football team Barnet has appointed former Dutch international Edgar Davids as joint head coach in an effort to turn their season around. The club, currently bottom of the Fourth Division, will be hoping Davids can use his experience to guide them up the table. Davids, nicknamed "The Pitbull," has played for some of the biggest football clubs in the world, including AC Milan, Juventus, Barcelona and Inter Milan. He also featured in the Netherlands team that finished third in the 1998 World Cup. As part of his new role, Davids intends to become a member of Barnet's playing squad, which he believes will allow him to lead by example on the pitch. At 39 years old, he will be one of the oldest players in the league but is confident that he can still perform at a high level. Speaking about the appointment, Davids said, "I'm very excited to start this new chapter in my career. It's a great opportunity for me to use my knowledge and experience to help the team improve. I believe in the club's potential and I'm looking forward to getting started." Barnet's chairman, Tony Kleanthous, spoke highly of Davids, stating that he was the club's first choice for the role. "We're thrilled to have Edgar on board," he said. "His playing career speaks for itself, and we believe that he has the ability to make a real impact as a coach as well. We're looking forward to seeing what he can achieve with the team." Davids will be hoping to use the knowledge he gained during his playing career to help Barnet climb up the table. As joint head coach, he will be working alongside Mark Robson, who has been with the club since June 2012. The news of Davids' appointment has generated a lot of excitement among the Barnet faithful, who will be hoping that "The Pitbull" can help transform their fortunes on the pitch. With a lot of hard work and dedication, there's no reason why the club can't climb their way up the league table under the guidance of their new joint head coach.