article: Queensland's premier says Russian President Vladimir Putin isn't welcome at this year's G20 conference in Brisbane unless he co-operates with a probe into the MH17 disaster. Flags across the state will fly at half mast on Saturday in tribute to the seven Queenslanders who were among 298 killed when a Malaysia Airlines plane was shot down in eastern Ukraine. Suspicion has fallen on Russian-backed rebels armed with Russian artillery but Mr Putin has said Ukraine bears responsibility for the crash which left 298 people dead, including 28 Australians. Scroll down for video . Queensland Premier Campbell Newman (left) says Russian President Vladimir Putin (right) is not welcome to Brisbane for the G20 Summit in November . He has blamed that country's crackdown on separatist rebels for stoking tensions. On Saturday, Queensland Premier Campbell Newman called on Mr Putin and the Russian government to fully co-operate with an independent international investigation. 'If Mr Putin's not prepared to do that, well frankly I believe that Queenslanders don't want him here at the G20,' Mr Newman said. 'He has the opportunity to demonstrate some good faith and that can be done by properly getting behind international efforts to get to the bottom of what is clearly, in my view, a crime, a terrible crime.' Mr Newman said the Russian president's presence at the summit was ultimately Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott's decision, but he felt he was speaking for Queenslanders. Opposition Leader Bill Shorten echoed these views and says Mr Abbott should consider uninviting the Russian President from the Brisbane meeting over his government's 'reckless and stupid' actions leading up to the MH17 disaster. Mr Abbott wouldn't comment on his stance regarding Mr Putin's attendance to the international gathering. The crash site of MH17 in eastern Ukraine which killed 298 passengers and crew members, including 28 Australians . Opposition Leader Bill Shorten also says Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott should consider uninviting Mr Putin . 'For an outside nation to have supplied these Ukrainian rebels with this weaponry of war and murder is a very, very reckless and stupid act,' Mr Shorten said on Saturday. 'It is in the interests of resolving what has happened that all of the great powers, including the Russian Federation, support what was said at the United Nations Security Council last night.' The council called for a thorough investigation of the crash. Mr Shorten said the Australian government should consider barring Mr Putin from the upcoming G20 meeting in Brisbane if the country did not support the investigation. 'If the Russian Federation will not co-operate to help resolve and get to the heart of what has happened here, I don't think Australians would welcome them coming to the G20,' he said. Sydney protesters are holding two anti-Putin protests on Saturday, calling for the Russian APresident to be banned from coming to Australia in November. Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
highlights: Russian President Vladimir Putin is expected to attend the Brisbane G20 Summit in November . Flags across Queensland will fly half mast on Saturday in tribute to seven residents killed in the MH17 disaster . Opposition Leader Bill Shorten also urged Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott to consider uninviting Mr Putin .
id: 5566eb307d8a32d2d15d86e35d2e3a4dadee81ef
chatgpt: Russia's President Vladimir Putin is expected to attend the Brisbane G20 Summit in November, causing controversy and tension among some countries participating in the summit. The announcement of Putin's attendance has triggered mixed reactions due to Russia's recent actions in Ukraine, which have caused political tension worldwide. The Australian government announced that they will raise the issue of the Malaysia Airlines Flight MH17 disaster with Putin during the G20 summit. The aircraft was shot down over Ukraine last July, killing all 298 people on board, 38 of whom were Australian citizens. The incident has caused political upheaval and suspicion, particularly towards Russia, as it is believed that the missile that brought down the plane was fired by Russian-backed separatists in eastern Ukraine. In honor of the seven Queensland residents who lost their lives in the MH17 disaster, flags across the state will fly at half-mast on Saturday, as a mark of respect and remembrance. The Queensland Premier, Campbell Newman, announced the decision, saying that it's a way of honoring their memory and offering support to their families. Opposition Leader Bill Shorten has also urged Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott to consider uninviting Putin from the G20 summit, saying that it would not be appropriate for Russia to be present, given the scale of the disaster and the questions surrounding Moscow's involvement. Shorten's comments were echoed by other politicians and foreign leaders, who have called for a tougher stance towards Russia. The Australian Prime Minister has so far defended his decision to invite Putin, stating that it is important to engage with him on critical issues like the conflict in Ukraine, the ISIS threat, and economic cooperation. Abbott has also vowed to "shirtfront" Putin over the MH17 disaster, using Australian football imagery to imply a forceful confrontation. Many have criticized the tone and appropriateness of the language Abbott has used, saying that it undermines the seriousness of the issue and could escalate tensions. The G20 summit is a forum for world leaders to discuss global economic issues and cooperation. It's the first time that Australia is hosting the event, which brings together 19 of the world's largest economies and the European Union. The summit is considered a crucial opportunity for leaders to address pressing issues facing the world, such as climate change, trade, and development. Putin's presence at the summit has generated controversy and calls for boycotts from some countries, such as Ukraine and the United Kingdom. However, other countries, like China and India, have welcomed Putin's attendance, saying that it's important to maintain open communication and dialogue. The Australian government has promised to raise the issue of the MH17 disaster and urge Putin to cooperate with the ongoing investigation. Whether Putin will attend and what the outcome of the summit will be remains to be seen, but what is clear is that tensions will be high and that the world will be watching.