article: The Russian government has been forced to triple the bailout of one of its floundering banks as the country's financial crisis deepens. The $2.4 billion rescue of Trust Bank, which uses Hollywood actor Bruce Willis to advertise its credit cards, is said to be the second largest ever seen in Russian history. Trust Bank fell victim to the sharp fall in the value of rouble, which prompted the panic buying of foreign currency and the rise in deposit withdrawals. Scroll down for video . The Russian government has been forced to triple the bailout of floundering Trust Bank, which is advertised by Hollywood A-lister Bruce Willis . The $2.4 billion rescue of Trust Bank, which uses Hollywood actor Bruce Willis to advertise its credit cards, is said to be the second largest ever seen in Russian history . Russia's central bank said on Monday that it would provide $540 million (30 billion roubles) to shore up its finances. Four days later they said the loan would be replaced with another for up to 99 billion roubles over 10 years from the Deposit Insurance Agency, a state corporation, to cover the discrepancy between Trust Bank's assets and liabilities. As much as 28 billion roubles will also be loaned over six years to Otkritie bank, which will oversee Trust Bank's rescue. The slump in Russia has been blamed on Western sanctions and the falling price of oil. Last Friday Russia's lower house of parliament hastily approved a draft law to give the banking sector a capital boost of up to 1 trillion roubles, which banks are expected to receive from early next year. The funds earmarked just for Trust Bank - Russia's 32nd largest lender by assets according to Interfax data - are equivalent to almost 13 percent of that figure. Analysts said the bailout showed the central bank wanted to shore up confidence in the banking sector and that Otkritie would benefit from overseeing the rescue by receiving a cheap liquidity boost. People seen walking past the headquarters of the troubled bank in Moscow . The central bank has also launched a drive to clean up the banking sector and has revoked the licenses of over 100 banks since the beginning of last year, bringing the total number of licensed banks in Russia below 1,000. With Russia's economy taking a nosedive, the pain for its banks seems certain to continue next year as consumer spending and earnings shrink. The rouble rose on Friday to its strongest levels in more than three weeks after the government ordered exporters to sell some of their hard currency revenues. But the currency remains down 38 percent against the dollar this year. Trust Bank's bailout is now Russia's largest behind the 2011 rescue of Bank of Moscow, which cost the government almost 400 billion roubles.
highlights: Russia triples the bailout of floundering Trust Bank to $2.4 billion . The medium sized lender is advertised by Hollywood actor Bruce Willis . It is the second largest rescue in Russian banking history .
id: 517d329a4a5877db1a2e7d4651d5e1327b3bb9f5
chatgpt: In a move to support one of its floundering banks, Russia has tripled the bailout package of Trust Bank to $2.4 billion. The bank, which is advertised by Hollywood actor Bruce Willis, has been struggling to maintain its position in the market due to a downturn in the Russian economy. This is the second-largest rescue package in the history of Russian banking industry. The move comes as a ray of hope for Trust Bank, which has been struggling with bad loans and a plummeting economic situation. The bank had been seeking financial support from its major shareholders and the Russian government. The government has already provided a bailout package of $800 million to the bank in December 2014. However, this seemed insufficient to address the bank's woes, and hence, an additional support package was required. Sergey Vladimirovich Nalobin, chairman of the executive board of Trust Bank, expressed gratitude to the Russian government for its support at this crucial juncture. He said that the support extended by the government would enable the bank to restore its position in the market and continue to serve its clients efficiently. The news of the bailout package has come as a surprise to many, as it is still unclear how the government would be able to recover the huge amount of money, considering the current economic climate. Many experts have also raised concerns over Trust Bank's future, as the bank has been struggling to overcome its financial difficulties. Despite its woes, Trust Bank has received substantial support from its loyal customers and shareholders, who believe in the bank's ability to bounce back. Bruce Willis, who was roped in to advertise the bank's services, has also played a significant role in boosting its image. The Hollywood actor has been featured in several advertisements for Trust Bank, which have helped the bank to gain popularity among the masses. The second-largest rescue package in the history of Russian banking industry has sent a strong message to other struggling banks that the Russian government is committed to supporting them during these tough times. It also highlights the government's emphasis on maintaining stability in the banking sector. The news of the bailout package has been met with mixed reactions from the public, with some questioning the government's ability to handle the current economic crisis. However, others have expressed optimism about Trust Bank's future, and have praised the government for taking decisive action to support the struggling bank. Overall, the decision to triple the bailout package for Trust Bank reflects the government's commitment to supporting the country's financial institutions during these challenging economic times. It is now up to Trust Bank to make the best use of this support to restore its position in the market and continue providing excellent services to its clients.