article: By . William Cook . PUBLISHED: . 11:25 EST, 1 October 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 11:25 EST, 1 October 2012 . A teenager has told a court how a Nigerian man accused of threatening girls with 'black magic' to try and force them into prostitution raped her and said he wanted to marry her. Osezua Elvis Osolase, 42, is alleged to have imprisoned the teenager - who is now 18 - in a flat for three months and raped her up to three times a week. The court heard he forced her to call him 'Uncle' and she was deprived of other human contact for weeks before she managed to take his keys and flee. Osezua Elvis Osolase, 42, is on trial at Canterbury Crown Court (pictured) Osolase, a former security guard and recycling worker from Gravesend, Kent, is accused of 13 offences of trafficking, rape, false imprisonment and sexual activity with a child. He is alleged to have smuggled three children from Nigeria to Britain in order to sell them into prostitution in Italy. He is also alleged to have sexually assaulted the girls - who are now aged 15, 17 and 18. Osolase's alleged victims say he used African Juju magic rituals to scare them into doing as they were told and to prevent them from running away. Juju refers to traditional West African religions involving objects of superstition and witchcraft. The churchgoing teenager, told a jury at Canterbury Crown Court on Friday that Osolase - whom she knew as 'Uncle' - visited her at the flat. She claims he told her he wanted to make love - but she did not want to. She told the court: 'He said he wanted to play with me and make love to me. 'He said he wanted to take care of me. I didn’t want to have sex and I told him. I told him I didn’t want to sleep with him. 'Uncle took off his clothes then he took off my clothes. He then took a condom out of his wallet. 'He said he wanted to get married to me. I felt bad and I felt sad. I didn’t love him, I didn’t like him and I felt frightened of him.' The teenager - the third girl to give evidence at the trial - claimed Osolase, who was married to a German national, had helped bring her to the UK. She eventually managed to get hold of his keys and escape from the flat, the court heard. But the teenager told the jury Osolase found her in a park nearby and took her back to the flat, telling her: 'Do you think you are clever?' She added: 'I didn’t run away again because I had no place to stay.' The trial continues. Sorry we are unable to accept comments for legal reasons.
highlights: Osezua Elvis Osolase, 42, accused of smuggling three children from Nigeria to sell into prostitution . Alleged to have used African witchcraft to scare girls into obedience . Teenage girl says Osolase raped her and said he wanted to marry her .
id: 6dd436c1d15ddc6500605e74d2866f1d422ed846
chatgpt: A Nigerian man, Osezua Elvis Osolase, has been accused of smuggling three children from Nigeria to the United Kingdom for the purpose of selling them into prostitution. The prosecution alleges that Osolase used African witchcraft to scare the girls into submission and obedience. According to the prosecution, Osolase used his connections in Nigeria and the UK to traffic the children. He is accused of deceiving the children's parents by promising to give them a better life in the UK. Instead, Osolase allegedly planned to force them into prostitution and sell them to men for sexual purposes. One of the teenage victims has accused Osolase of rape. She claims that Osolase had sexual intercourse with her and wanted to marry her. The girl detailed the horrific conditions she faced during her captivity, including being beaten, starved, and forced to work as a prostitute. The prosecution alleges that Osolase threatened the girls with African witchcraft, making them afraid to flee. They claim that he would use black magic to make the victims feel as if they were being watched at all times. The girls were allegedly forced to swear an oath to never reveal their captor's identity. The court heard that Osolase was arrested after one of the girls managed to escape and alert a member of the public. The police were called, and Osolase was apprehended at his London home. In a statement released by the police, Detective Inspector Ian Baker stated that "this is an incredibly complex and multi-faceted investigation which is only possible due to the close work between law enforcement agencies in the UK and Nigeria." Osolase has been charged with human trafficking, rape, and sexual assault. He is appearing at Southwark Crown Court in London, where it is expected that he will plead not guilty to all charges. The case has highlighted the plight of human trafficking and modern-day slavery. It is a shocking reminder of the reality that many children and young people endure in the world today. The UK government has been putting measures in place to combat human trafficking, but cases like this show that there is still much work to be done. This reprehensible crime is a stark reminder that the exploitation and abuse of vulnerable individuals must be treated as a serious crime, and that perpetrators of human trafficking must be brought to justice.