article: Prince Harry enjoyed a night at the arrows when he headed to the home of the darts for an evening of fun. The royal is often seen at rugby and polo matches and recently hosted a Christmas Eve football match for staff at Sandringham. But he enjoyed a more laid back spectator sport last night when he was seen at the William Hill PDC World Darts Championships at Alexandra Palace in north London. Prince Harry was engrossed in the darts as Stephen Bunting knocked out No 6 seed James Wade . Prince Harry enjoyed a night at the darts as HRH watched the action at Alexandra Palace on Monday . The Prince, 30, was seen laughing with his friends has he watched Stephen Bunting beat James Wade 4-1. Bunting - known as 'The Bullet' - later joked: 'I didn't know Harry was here. I'm going to have a pint with him now! But it is great that darts is getting this type of coverage.' The prince also got to see defending champion, Dutchman Michael 'Mighty Mike' van Gerwen, beat Terry 'The Bull' Jenkins. The royal was not the only famous face at the event; TV presenter Clare Balding and football referee Howard Webb were also spotted among the crowd. It's not the first time the prince has been seen at the darts. He first headed to watch the sport four years ago . After chatting with fans and enjoying a drink, Harry was seen on his phone during a break in play . The darts championship has attracted a number of famous visitors this week, including TV presenter Clare Balding and England footballer Andros Townsend . Harry was first seen at the darts nearly four years ago when royal protocol was breached by victorious semi-finalist Adrian Lewis, who inadvertently kissed the fifth in line to the throne. But the boisterous atmosphere didn't put off the Prince and he was headed back to the north London venue while on a break from military duties in January. The royal's appearance again last night went down well with darts fans, who hailed him as 'a lad' and 'a legend'. A Twitter user called Rock Geek Girl tweeted: 'The fact that Prince Harry is at the darts gives me a tiny bit of faith in the future of the Royal family.' And website user Mikey Smith added: 'Prince Harry at the darts, just make the man king.' The Prince looked on as Stephen 'The Bullet' Bunting beat James Wade 4-1 . Bunting later joked that he would celebrate his victory by having a beer with the Prince .
highlights: Prince Harry was at Alexandra Palace to watch the darts on Monday night . He saw Stephen Bunting knock out James Wade in the second round . Player later joked that he would drink a celebratory beer with the Prince .
id: 87db59ba9266f8b7317731bf9353ca6290cc6cb7
chatgpt: Prince Harry was spotted at Alexandra Palace on Monday night, where he attended an exciting game of darts. The Duke of Sussex seemed to be in good spirits as he watched the tournament, which had some exciting moments. One of the highlights of the night was when Stephen Bunting knocked out James Wade in the second round of the competition. Prince Harry, along with the rest of the audience, cheered loudly as Bunting emerged victorious. Bunting seemed to be overjoyed by his win and later joked that he would drink a celebratory beer with the Prince. It was a rare moment for the darts player, who had just pulled off an impressive feat. Prince Harry seemed to be enjoying himself throughout the event, chatting with other attendees and taking in the excitement of the game. The Duke of Sussex appeared to be a fan of the sport and seemed to be aware of the players and their respective skills. The Alexandra Palace is known for playing host to some of the biggest darts tournaments in the world, and Monday night's event was no exception. With players like Bunting and Wade competing, it was a night filled with intense moments and exciting gameplay. For Prince Harry, the night was a welcome break from his usual schedule. The Duke of Sussex has been busy with his charity work and royal duties, and this was a rare opportunity for him to unwind and enjoy a night out. It is not the first time Prince Harry has been spotted at a sporting event. The Duke of Sussex is known to be an avid sports fan, and has been seen at various football, rugby, and tennis matches over the years. Overall, it was a memorable night for Prince Harry and the rest of the attendees at Alexandra Palace. The darts tournament provided some exciting moments, and Prince Harry's attendance added some star power to the event. As for Bunting, he can now add Prince Harry to his ever-growing list of fans. The player's impressive win was no doubt made even sweeter by the Duke of Sussex's presence, and the thought of sharing a celebratory drink with the Prince would have been the cherry on top of a night to remember.