article: He is skilled at the "throw-down," a move that gets you on a skateboard at near full speed. He's also smooth at grinding the rail and can do a perfect a mini-ramp jump -- a leap off an incline that gets you and your wheels airborne. M.J. Rahimi has mastered some of the world's most popular skateboarding tricks. But the one skill that's fast making Rahimi a recognized name is crafting skateboards inside his basement in the Iranian capital of Tehran. The country has been quietly but steadily putting itself on the map in the world of action skateboarding. "I'm very happy I'm making skateboards," Rahimi said. "My biggest dream is to make a skateboard and have a professional skate on it." Rahimi says his first homemade board shattered into pieces but he kept at it when the sport started picking up popularity several years ago. Demand for affordable equipment picked up too. He starts by gluing together thin layers of maple wood, then presses them into sloped boards, and carves and sands them into shape. "When I first started, my dad said it will never work, but now he supports me," he says. Rahimi reveals his plan is to create an affordable brand. He hopes to sell his boards at the growing number of skate shops in the Islamic Republic where trendy teenagers shop for the latest gear. According to skate store owner Ali Reza Ansari, business is brisk. "We are doing our best to improve skateboarding here," Ansari said. "We have really good skaters here (in Tehran)." Ever since the 1979 Islamic Revolution, the leadership here in Iran has been wary of the spread and influence of western culture. Rock and roll music, for example, is banned. So is dancing in public. But when it comes to skateboarding not only does the government seem OK with it, in many ways they're actually supporting it. The government has authorized six skate parks in the capital Tehran alone as well as others in Ahvaz, Isfahan, Shiraz, Tabriz and even the holy city of Qom. Perfect arenas for Iran's growing skateboard community to gather and show off their gnarly kick-flips and 360 spins. In the future some may even ride Rahimi's boards -- a product that takes pride in being made in a basement in the Islamic Republic of Iran.
highlights: M.J. Rahimi is an Iranian entrepreneur who has taken to making skateboards in his basement . Skateboarding is growing in popularity in Iran . Iranian government has authorized building of skateboard parks in six cities .
id: 04addd1775f117dfd5dc3811e08c6fc34d78b664
chatgpt: Iranian entrepreneur M.J. Rahimi has been gaining recognition in recent months for his innovative and unique take on skateboarding. Rahimi has taken to making skateboards in his basement and has found considerable success in selling his creations to those interested in the sport. Skateboarding has been growing in popularity in Iran, and Rahimi has been at the forefront of the movement. In Iran, skateboarding has traditionally been seen as a subculture and has not received much mainstream attention. However, in recent years, the sport has been gaining traction and is now becoming more widely accepted. Young people, in particular, are taking to the sport, appreciating the freedom and creativity it offers. The Iranian government has also taken notice of the growing popularity of skateboarding and has authorized the building of skateboard parks in six cities. These parks will provide a safe and accessible space for skaters to practice and showcase their skills. The government hopes that this move will encourage more young people to take up the sport and develop their abilities. Rahimi is optimistic about the future of skateboarding in Iran and sees it as an opportunity for young people to express themselves and their creativity. He believes that skateboarding can be a positive force in society, providing an outlet for young people to channel their energy and stay active. Rahimi's own skateboards have been lauded for their unique and eye-catching designs. He uses a variety of materials, including recycled wood and even old snowboards, to create his boards. His passion for the sport is evident in each of his creations, and he has gained a loyal following of customers who appreciate the quality and craftsmanship of his work. As skateboarding continues to grow in popularity in Iran, entrepreneurs like Rahimi are leading the way in bringing the sport to a wider audience. With the authorization of skateboard parks in six cities, it is clear that the Iranian government is also committed to developing the sport and providing young people with more opportunities to explore their passion for skateboarding. In conclusion, skateboarding is a sport that is gaining traction in Iran, and thanks to the efforts of entrepreneurs like M.J. Rahimi and the support of the government, it is poised to become even more popular in the years to come. As more young people take to the sport, it has the potential to become a positive force in society, promoting creativity, activity, and self-expression.