article: London (CNN) -- A tiny nano-sized car which can propel itself forward in response to electrical pulses has been created by scientists in the Netherlands. The electric-powered vehicle, which is the size of a single molecule, has a chassis and four paddle-shaped wheels and is roughly one-billionth the size of a traditional hatchback car. Its maiden journey wasn't exactly epic -- six nanometers -- and its fuel-efficiency wasn't world-beating either, needing a jolt of 500 millivolts every half revolution of its wheels. But it's an important milestone in nanotech research (the science of manipulating matter at molecular scale), say scientists, because it demonstrates that single molecules can absorb external electrical energy and turn this into targeted motion. "To build the nanotechnology of the future like nanorobots, machines and transporters you need something to fuel it. So there is a great incentive to build motors at the nanoscale," said Ben Feringa, professor of organic chemistry at the University of Groningen, and one of the authors of the research. "There are many nanosystems built from all kinds of materials, but this is, as far as we can tell, the first time a nanomotor has been used to propel something by fueling it." The fuel in this instance came from a scanning tunnelling microscope (STP) with its atom-sized stylus acting as an electrode allowing electricity to flow from its tip to the surface beneath it, Feringa says. "When there is a molecule, the current goes through it and electricity excites the motor which drives the car forward," Feringa said. The discovery, say scientists, takes them a step closer to understanding and ultimately mimicking nature's highly efficient molecular robots. "In living cells there are a whole variety of molecule motors that are involved in almost every important biological process like cell division and transport, and mobility in our muscles," Feringa said. The world's smallest synthetic motor was created by Alex Zettl, professor of physics at University of California, Berkeley in 2003 while the first nano car (without a motor) was built by James Tour in 2005. "The Feringa team is to be congratulated for their excellent work," said Tour, a professor of chemistry at Rice University, Texas. "It will certainly propel the field to a higher level of sophistication with the eventual goal of synthetic molecular machines being used for controlled transport and ex vivo (in an artificial environment outside an organism) bottom-up assembly..." he added. But it's still early days and Feringa says he feels a bit like the Wright Brothers, likening the nano car to their "fairly awkward-looking primitive plane" when compared to the passenger jets of today. "It's very difficult to know where the future will go and ultimately the systems will be different. But first you have to find the fundamental principles. That makes things possible," he said. The research, which was completed in conjunction with scientists from the Swiss Federal Laboratories for Materials Science and Technology (Empa) is published in the journal Nature.
highlights: Dutch scientists create the smallest vehicle in the world . Nano car is the first to be powered by electricity . Car traveled a distance of six nano meters . Scientists hope nanomotors will power nanorobots of the future .
id: 3ebe82ff0954f18da3b5383d2354a510e317084c
chatgpt: Dutch scientists have created the world's smallest car, measuring just a few billionths of a meter. The small vehicle is a nano car and is the first of its kind to be powered by electricity, making it an impressive feat in the field of nanotechnology. The nano car was created at the University of Groningen in the Netherlands, where researchers have been working to develop tiny machines that can be used in the field of medicine. These nanomotors are designed to move through the human body and perform tasks that would otherwise require invasive procedures. The development of this nano car is a significant breakthrough in the field of nanorobotics. The 6-nanometer long car is made up of four wheels, a chassis, and a motor that powers it. The motor is powered by electricity and is the smallest motor ever assembled. The team of researchers at the University of Groningen spent years developing the smallest car. Scientists created the car using a scanning tunneling microscope, which is capable of manipulating individual atoms. The nano car was then placed on a copper surface and powered by an electrical current, which caused it to move forward. The vehicle traveled a distance of six nanometers – which is roughly equivalent to the size of a virus. Nanomotors, such as the ones used to power the nano car, have the potential to revolutionize medicine. They could be used to deliver drugs to specific locations in the body, perform biopsy procedures without invasive surgery, and help with other medical procedures. The development of the smallest car in the world is just the beginning of what scientists hope to achieve with nanotechnology. Researchers at the University of Groningen are continuing to work on developing more complex nanomotors that can perform more complex tasks. The team is also hoping to develop nanorobots that can be used to perform a wide range of medical procedures. These small machines could navigate through the human body and perform tasks such as removing cancerous cells or repairing damaged tissue. The development of the nano car is an exciting feat in the field of nanotechnology. It demonstrates the incredible potential of nanomotors and the advancements that can be achieved in the field of medicine. The creation of the world's smallest car is just the beginning of what we can expect from nanotechnology. As scientists continue to develop more advanced systems, we can expect to see more breakthroughs in the field of medicine and other industries. In the future, nanomotors and nanorobots could revolutionize the way we approach medicine, making it more efficient, less invasive, and more precise. With the development of the nano car, we are one step closer to realizing this vision of the future.