article: By . Adam Shergold . PUBLISHED: . 08:16 EST, 23 November 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 09:58 EST, 23 November 2012 . Jailed: Ian Poulton, 33, was sentenced to five years after a sex toy he was carrying in his trousers was mistaken for a handgun by terrified residents in the Hadley area of Telford, Shropshire . A thug who sparked an armed police raid when terrified residents mistook a sex toy for a gun has been jailed for five years. Ian Poulton, 33, was arrested when 15 officers armed with machine guns swooped on a quiet street in Telford, Shropshire in May this year. Police were alerted when residents reported seeing a man with a concealed weapon tucked into the waistband of his trousers. But it turned out the suspected handgun was actually a sex toy. Poulton, from Wellington, Shropshire, was jailed for five years after he admitted possessing an item which had the appearance of a handgun with intent to cause fear of violence. He also admitted at Shrewsbury Crown Court to assaulting his neighbour Jose Luis Candelaria, causing him actual bodily harm, on the same day. Jailing Poulton, Judge Robin Onions said: 'It was clearly not a gun, be it imitation or real. 'It was an entirely innocent object. It was the defendant's intention to deceive. 'Witnesses thought is was a firearm so he has to take the consequences.' Poulton also pleased guilty to separate charges of causing criminal damage to a police car and laptop and aggravated vehicle taking. He was also banned from driving for three years and made the subject of three restraining orders. Rhiannon Jones, prosecuting, said shortly after 2pm on May 22, witnesses thought they had seen a man carrying a gun in the Hall Gardens area of Hadley. Armed swoop: Poulton was arrested by machine gun-wielding police in the Hall Gardens part of Hadley, Telford on May 22. He assaulted a neighbour on the same day, the court heard . When armed police arrived minutes later, arrested Poulton and seized the weapon, they discovered it was in fact a 'sex aid'. Speaking at the time of the incident, West Mercia Police said: 'A member of the public reported to us that a man had been seen with a firearm in the Hall Gardens area of Hadley. 'Any reports of firearm incidents are taken seriously and we send resources according to the anticipated threat level.'
highlights: Police swooped on Ian Poulton, 33, in an area of Telford after terrified residents mistook a sex toy for a handgun . He was jailed for five years at Shrewsbury Crown Court for intent to cause fear of violence . Poulton also assaulted a neighbour on the same day and had several other convictions .
id: 3abcc31b5e21a8c331a36073013483cac15af951
chatgpt: A man who terrorised residents in Telford with a sex toy mistaken for a handgun has been sentenced to five years in jail. Ian Poulton, 33, was arrested after residents in the area reported seeing what they believed was a firearm being brandished in public. Police quickly swooped on the scene, but were relieved to find that the weapon in question was, in fact, a sex toy. The incident occurred in May of this year, when Poulton was seen waving the sex toy around in a threatening manner. The incident soon escalated, and Poulton then went on to assault a neighbour on the same day. After being taken into custody, Poulton was found to have a number of previous convictions, including a history of violent behaviour. At Shrewsbury Crown Court, Poulton was found guilty of intent to cause fear of violence and sentenced to five years in jail. The judge highlighted the seriousness of the offence, stating that Poulton had caused "considerable distress" to the residents who witnessed the incident. He also commented on Poulton's previous convictions, which included a number of violent offences. Speaking after the hearing, Detective Inspector Steve Mobley of West Mercia Police said: "Ian Poulton's behaviour was completely unacceptable and caused a great deal of fear and disturbance in the local community. We are pleased that he has been brought to justice and hope that this sentence sends a strong message to anyone else who thinks they can behave in this way." The incident has attracted attention both locally and nationally, with many people expressing concern about the growing prevalence of violent behaviour in society. Some have pointed to the prevalence of sex toys in modern culture as a possible cause, while others have called for greater efforts to tackle the root causes of violence and antisocial behaviour. In the wake of the incident, local residents have come together to call for greater community policing and increased efforts to tackle crime in the area. Many have expressed concern about the impact of violent behaviour on the wider community, and have called on authorities to do more to address these issues. As the country continues to grapple with rising levels of violence and crime, incidents such as this serve as a reminder of the need for greater investment in community policing and rehabilitation programmes. With continued support and attention, it is hoped that incidents such as this will become increasingly rare in the future.