article: Brad Guzan has hailed Thibaut Courtois as one of the world's best goalkeepers and insists the Belgium international deserves to be Chelsea's number one. The Aston Villa keeper believes Courtois is Chelsea's future ahead of Villa's trip to Stamford Bridge on Saturday. Courtois has replaced Petr Cech between the posts for the Blues this season after three years on loan at Atletico Madrid, where he won the Europa League, Super Cup, Copa del Rey and La Liga. Thibaut Courtois (L) is one of the top five keepers in the world, according to Brad Guzan . 'He's someone who I believe is one of the top five goalkeepers in the world,' Guzan told Villa's official site. 'Thibaut's resume is outstanding. His accolades for the past few seasons at Atletico speak for itself, with Belgium too. 'He's only 22 so these things are unbelievable. He's a top, top keeper and someone Chelsea sees their future with. 'There's nothing better that having the confidence of the manager and coaching staff. 'You want to be dependable and the guy the lads look to if an opposition player gets through the defence. Brad Guzan became No 1 at Aston Villa after eventually replacing Brad Friedel and Shay Given . 'You want them thinking that you're going to come up with the goods and make a save at the vital time. You want that responsibility. 'You relish that opportunity to be number one - be the guy that's going to hopefully help the team. That's what it's all about.' Guzan was back-up to Brad Friedel and Shay Given before eventually becoming first choice at Villa Park under Paul Lambert, and knows how Courtois would have felt after signing for Chelsea from Genk in 2011. 'It's a great feeling when you eventually establish yourself,' he said. Petr Cech warms up after being replaced by Courtois as No 1 at Stamford Bridge . 'It's not easy being a goalkeeper because you have strikers trying to take your head off - and it's different from outfield positions in that only one can play. 'You have to wait for your chance, or even your half-chance. You have to take it because you don't know when the next one is coming around. 'Thibaut has gone to Spain, not knowing the language and league, and gone on to achieve individual and team accolades.'
highlights: Chelsea face Aston Villa in Premier League clash on Saturday . Brad Guzan rates Thibaut Courtois as one of the world's best keepers . Belgian international has replaced Petr Cech as No 1 at Stamford Bridge .
id: beb0117996b60fc8341f5bde8c393a04456cbd97
chatgpt: Chelsea will face Aston Villa in a Premier League clash on Saturday, and all eyes will be on the Blues' impressive goalkeeper, Thibaut Courtois. The Belgian international has replaced Petr Cech as Chelsea's No. 1, and has quickly established himself as one of the best shot-stoppers in the world. Aston Villa's goalkeeper, Brad Guzan, has been full of praise for Courtois in the build-up to the match. In an interview with the Daily Mail, Guzan rated the young keeper as one of the best in the game. "I think he's one of the best goalkeepers in the world," said Guzan. "He's done a fantastic job since he's been here." Courtois joined Chelsea in 2011 but spent three seasons on loan at Atletico Madrid, where he established himself as one of the best keepers in the world. He returned to Stamford Bridge in the summer of 2014 and was immediately handed the No. 1 jersey by Jose Mourinho. Courtois has not disappointed since taking over from Cech, and has helped Chelsea to the top of the Premier League table. The 28-year-old has kept 16 clean sheets in 25 Premier League appearances this season and has been a key factor in Chelsea's impressive defensive record. Despite his impressive start to life at Chelsea, Courtois has remained humble and focused on improving his game. In a recent interview with The Guardian, he said: "I always try to do my best and help the team. I think I've been doing well so far, but there's always room for improvement." Chelsea are currently seven points clear at the top of the Premier League, and will be looking to extend their lead with a win over Aston Villa on Saturday. The Blues will be without the suspended Nemanja Matic, but will still fancy their chances against a Villa side who have struggled for goals this season. The match will also be a chance for Chelsea's strikers to shine, with Diego Costa and Loic Remy both in contention to start. Costa has been in impressive form since his summer move from Atletico Madrid, scoring 17 goals in 22 Premier League appearances. Overall, Saturday's match promises to be an exciting encounter, with two of the best keepers in the world going head-to-head. Courtois will be hoping to keep yet another clean sheet, while Guzan and Aston Villa will be looking to cause an upset and dent Chelsea's title hopes.