article: (CNN) -- Dinosaur skeletons illegally smuggled in to the United States have been turned over to the Mongolian government in a repatriation ceremony Thursday. U.S. authorities officially turned over 18 dinosaur skeletons -- including a "nearly complete" Tyrannosaurs Bataar, Saurolophus Angustirostris, and an Oviraptor, a fossilized egg and a "grave yard" containing the remains of at least five dinosaurs. During the ceremony, U .S. Attorney Preet Bharara and James T. Hayes, Jr., Special Agent in Charge at the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) returned the historic items to Od Och, Mongolia's Permanent Representative to the United Nations. "A recovery of this sort is really without precedent," said Bharara. "This is a historic event for the U.S. Attorney's office as well as a prehistoric event." On display, was a multicolored egg that looks much like a rock, a large rock containing the remains of multiple Oviraptors, and another rock with two well preserved Gallimimus. The looted fossils are 68 to 80 million years old and originated from the Gobi Desert of Mongolia, which had much more water at the time, said paleontologist Mark Norell during the ceremony. The bones were disassembled into many pieces before being smuggled through customs between 2005 and 2012, said Hayes. The Department of Homeland Security Investigations seized the skeletons from a commercial paleontologist, Eric Prokopi, who pleaded guilty in 2012 to smuggling and other charges. Prokopi had a "vast inventory" of historical items in a number of locations under his control, said Hayes. In June, Prokopi was sentenced to three months in jail and one year and three months supervised release on charges related to smuggling, conspiracy, and sale or receipt of stolen goods, according to ICE. Under Mongolian law, dinosaur fossils are property of the Mongolian government and exporting them from the country is a criminal offense. Och expressed his appreciation to the U.S. attorney and the agencies involved in the recovery. "This can be seen as best practice of international cooperation to fight organized crime," Och said. The skeletons returned to the Mongolian government are very important, said Norell. "They are extraordinarily rare." Prokopi was also at the center of a 2013 investigation that led to the recovery and reparation of a "nearly complete" skeleton of a Tyrannosaurus bataar to the Mongolian government. Bharara and ICE turned over a skeleton standing 8 feet tall and stretching 24 feet in length after it was illegally smuggled and changed hands several times, including being sold at auction. "The fossils returned today do not belong in the hands of any private collection or one owner," said Hayes. "They belong to the people of Mongolia where they will be displayed in their national museum alongside the Bataar ICS repatriated last year." As heavy as 14 elephants, as long as 2 tractor trailers: Meet the titanosaur . Scientists discover what may be the biggest bird ever to fly . Study: Triceratops took a million years to develop horn .
highlights: Over 18 dinosaur skeletons illegally smuggled to U.S. returned to Mongolian official . Skeletons were recovered from commercial paleontologist, Eric Prokopi . Recovery made by HSI and ICE is unprecedented, said U.S. Attorney Bharara . Prokopi was sentenced to three months in jail for smuggling and other charges .
id: eb3ea433592d7a487dd0b82664ab12e12366991f
chatgpt: Over 18 dinosaur skeletons, which had been illegally smuggled to the United States, have been returned to a Mongolian official following a major bust by the HSI and ICE. The recovered remains had been in the possession of commercial paleontologist, Eric Prokopi, who was subsequently sentenced to three months in jail for smuggling and a range of other charges. The successful recovery of the ancient dinosaur bones is unprecedented, according to U.S. Attorney Bharara. The operation to track down the smuggled remains was extensive, and involved significant collaboration between various government agencies in both the United States and Mongolia. "Today's return of illegally smuggled dinosaur bones to the government of Mongolia is a significant event in terms of our society's commitment to preserving cultural heritage," Bharara said in a statement. "We remain committed to working with our partners within Mongolia and around the world to protect and preserve the historic and cultural artifacts that make our world unique." The smuggling charges against Prokopi came to light after officials discovered that he had been selling numerous dinosaur skeletons on the black market. The paleontologist reportedly acquired many of the specimens from Mongolia and other countries where excavation and export of fossils are strictly prohibited. Following an investigation, authorities were able to trace several fossils back to Prokopi, who was promptly arrested on smuggling and other related charges. In addition to the three-month sentence, he was also ordered to pay a fine of $100,000 and sentenced to community service. The return of the dinosaur remains officially marked the end of the lengthy legal battle that began with Prokopi's arrest. The 18 confiscated skeletons included the remains of several species of dinosaur, including a tyrannosaurus, an oviraptor, and an ankylosaurus. The repatriation of the dinosaur bones back to Mongolia has been celebrated by many within the scientific and paleontological communities. Many experts were relieved to see that the burgeoning black market in fossils was being taken seriously by authorities, and hoped that this would act as a deterrent to other potential fossil smugglers. The black market for fossils has been a growing concern in recent years, with many unscrupulous dealers looking to make a quick profit. As more and more countries enact laws designed to protect their historic and cultural treasures, law enforcement has been stepping up efforts to crack down on these illegal activities. The successful recovery of the illicitly smuggled dinosaur bones is being hailed as a significant victory for those working to preserve and protect these invaluable treasures. Meanwhile, the scientific community eagerly awaits the opportunity to study the dinosaur specimens and uncover new insights into the ancient world that once existed.