article: Rugby league star Greg Bird has been slapped with a $200 criminal infringement notice for allegedly urinating on a police vehicle, just a day after his wedding. The Gold Coast Titans player faced the allegations of offensive behaviour after an incident in the popular holiday spot, Byron Bay. Bird, 30, an Australian international, married fiancée Beccy Rochow in the coastal town at the weekend. He has apologised for his actions saying 'I know it was a stupid thing to do .. I didn't intend to disrespect anybody'. Scroll down for video . Greg Bird pictured (front facing camera) on social media with his friends in a pre-wedding celebration . Greg Bird has been issued a criminal infringement notice according to police after an alleged incident on the NSW coastal town of Byron Bay . Greg Bird's wife Beccy Ruchow pictured before the Dally M Awards . 'I definitely didn't do it on the car. I'd like to apologise to the club and its fans, anyone I may have offended, especially my to my wife Beccy. This has put a dampener on our wedding weekend and I'm incredibly embarrassed and disappointed with myself.' Bird admitted he did know it was a police car but insists he didn't do 'it on the car'. 'They said they had received a statement from somebody and I received a ticket from the police and will be paying it in the coming days,' Bird said. His public statement followed a private meeting with club officials. Bird is a star player with the Gold Coast Titans. The NRL club has confirmed it will hold a disciplinary meeting later this week after discussions with the NRL . Greg Bird in action for the Gold Coast. He was honeymooning on the NSW far north coast when the incident - in which he's alleged to have urinated on a police car - took place a day after his wedding . NSW Police reported that Bird left a pub on Bay St at about 7:45pm on Sunday and allegedly urinated on the fully-marked vehicle. A police spokeswoman confirmed that the footballer had been at the Byron Bay police station on Monday morning, where he was subsequently issued with the infringement. It's also been claimed that a number of witnesses allegedly looked on as the incident occurred, a night after Bird's wedding. The Titans have taken a statement from Bird and the club has been talking with the NRL. 'This is very embarrassing from the club's perspective, it's unacceptable. We'll continue to talk to the NRL and hold a club disciplinary meeting this week,' a club spokesman said. Bird is considered one of the game's stars, was in the victorious NSW State of Origin team, and was part of the Australian team which recently made it to the final of the Four Nations tournament against New Zealand.
highlights: League international Greg Bird in hot water after allegedly urinating on a police car . Bird was in the NSW coastal town of Byron Bay on his honeymoon after marrying at the weekend . He has apologised for any embarrassment he has caused after being issued with a $200 criminal infringement notice . The Gold Coast Titans club says 'it's embarrassing and unacceptable' and could impose further sanctions later this week .
id: 0005c9808410ba585973fdf2eaa0d1bb9070546e
chatgpt: Rugby League player Greg Bird has found himself in hot water after reportedly urinating on a police car during his honeymoon in the NSW coastal town of Byron Bay. Bird, who was celebrating his recent marriage to partner Katie Milligan, has since apologised for the incident and paid a $200 criminal infringement notice for offensive behaviour. The incident has garnered significant media attention, with many questioning the behaviour of the Titans player. The Gold Coast Titans club, who Bird plays for, have also issued a statement condemning the player's actions, calling them "embarrassing and unacceptable". In a statement released to media outlets, Bird said: "I would like to apologise for any offence or embarrassment caused to the officers involved or the police force in general. My actions were unacceptable and I am extremely remorseful for my poor judgement." The incident has also led to speculation about whether Bird will face further sanctions from his club, with reports suggesting that the Titans may take further action later this week. While the club has not released any official statement about potential consequences for the player, it is clear that they are taking the matter seriously. This is not the first time that Bird has been in trouble with the law. In 2008, he was charged with assault and reckless grievous bodily harm after an altercation outside a nightclub in Cronulla. Bird was later acquitted of the charges, but the incident led to his temporary suspension from playing for the St George Illawarra Dragons. Since joining the Titans in 2010, Bird has become a key player for the team, earning a reputation as one of the toughest and most uncompromising players in the league. However, his recent behaviour has called into question his suitability as a role model for young players and fans of the game. Some have pointed out that Bird's behaviour is symptomatic of a wider problem within the rugby league community, with concerns about the prevalence of alcohol and drug abuse amongst players. Others have argued that the incident is an isolated incident that should not be blown out of proportion. Regardless of the wider context, however, it is clear that Bird's actions have caused significant damage to his reputation and the reputation of his club. The Gold Coast Titans, like many professional sports teams, rely heavily on their public image and the support of sponsors to operate successfully. Incidents like Bird's urinating on a police car can erode the trust and goodwill that the club has worked hard to build over many years. As the fallout from the incident continues, both Bird and the Titans will be hoping to move on from the controversy as quickly as possible. However, it remains to be seen whether the player's reputation can ever truly recover from this latest scandal.