article: Infected: Dr Kent Brantly, from Texas, with his wife Amber . An outbreak of Ebola could spread worldwide after an infected plane passenger introduced the deadly virus to Nigeria, health experts warned last night. Previous outbreaks were confined to forests and rural areas, but this one has already spread across four countries in West Africa, killing 672 – the disease’s biggest death toll. The news came as it emerged that an American doctor working for a charity in Liberia had become infected. Dr Kent Brantly, 33, from Texas, had moved to the country for the Samaritan’s Purse organisation with his children and wife, Amber, to help contain the disease. More than 1,000 others have been infected by the virus, which can go unnoticed for three weeks and kills 90 per cent of victims. The outbreak started in Guinea in February and spread to neighbouring Liberia and Sierra Leone in weeks. After an air traveller brought it to Nigeria, health experts now fear infected air passengers who do not realise they have the virus could spread it around the world. With 170million people, Nigeria is Africa’s most populous nation and airlines fly from there to Britain, other European countries and North America. Civil servant Patrick Sawyer collapsed at Lagos airport in Nigeria on July 20 after flying in from Liberia, where he had attended the funeral of his sister, who had also succumbed to the disease. His plane also landed in Togo on its way to Nigeria, prompting fears that the virus may have also reached a fifth country. Professor Hugh Pennington, emeritus professor of bacteriology at the University of Aberdeen, said: ‘If the disease gets going in Nigeria it would be cause for concern. Protective gear: Dr Brantly, right, became infected by the disease while trying to stop it . ‘Nigeria has close links with the UK and many other countries.’ Nigeria, Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone are now screening air passengers – but doctors say this may not be effective because Ebola has an incubation period of two to 21 days and cannot be diagnosed on the spot. Symptoms include high fever, bleeding and damage to the nervous system. There is no vaccine or cure. It is spread by contact with infected blood or other bodily fluids. All outbreaks since 1976 when Ebola was first identified have been in Africa, with the previous highest death toll being 280.
highlights: Health experts fear other passengers could now be carrying the virus . It lays dormant in victims for up to three weeks - and 90 per cent die of it . Comes after Dr Kent Brantly, who went to fight the disease, was infected .
id: 5e3c6493890e5c47a7fb8f3fe318c2369aad6c74
chatgpt: Health experts have expressed fears that other individuals who were on the same flight as Dr Kent Brantly might also be carrying the deadly Ebola virus. The virus, which lays dormant in victims for up to three weeks, has a 90% mortality rate. Dr Brantly, who had been working in Liberia to help fight the disease, was diagnosed with Ebola on Saturday. He is currently receiving treatment in an isolation unit at Emory University Hospital in Atlanta, Georgia. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) have not yet released the names of the other passengers on Dr Brantly's flight. However, they are currently working to identify those who were on board and assess their risk of infection. Dr Tom Frieden, the director of the CDC, has said that the likelihood of transmission on the flight is "very low". He added that Ebola is only contagious when an individual is experiencing symptoms such as fever or vomiting. Despite this, many individuals who were on board the same flight as Dr Brantly have expressed concerns about their own health. Some have even taken to social media to express their fears and ask for advice on what steps they should take. The Ebola virus, which first appeared in West Africa in March 2014, has now claimed the lives of over 700 individuals. The current outbreak is the deadliest in history, and has spread to Sierra Leone, Guinea and Nigeria. At present, there is no known cure for Ebola. However, patients who receive supportive care such as fluids and oxygen therapy have a better chance of survival. The World Health Organization (WHO) is working closely with local authorities to contain the outbreak and prevent further spread of the virus. The organization has also issued guidelines to help healthcare workers protect themselves from infection. Despite these efforts, the outbreak is still spreading rapidly. With fears that other individuals may also be carrying the virus, health officials must remain vigilant in their efforts to contain the outbreak and prevent further loss of life.