article: If you thought your Christmas decorations were the ones to beat this year, look away now. With 100,000 lights choreographed to a five-minute medley of Star Wars songs played by the London Symphony Orchestra, Tom BetGeorge has categorically put everyone in the world to shame. More than three million people have watched the video in just a few days. Incredible: Tom BetGeorge transformed his Bay Area bungalow into a Star Wars-themed 100,000-light show . Dramatic: The five-minute show synchronizes the lights to John Williams' compositions to tell the story . And if those figures don't sound convincing, have a look for yourself. BetGeorge worked for two months crafting handmade props and wiring 12,500 channels around his humble bungalow in Bay Area, California. For every minute of music, he spent 10 hours programming. He then dedicated his time to synchronizing each flash of light to tell the story of George Lucas' blockbuster - complete with light saber sound effects. Good cause: BetGeorge spent two months manufacturing the stunt to raise money for his local church . Keen to keep it fresh, BetGeorge has also prepared a light show using the same display for songs including Let It Go from Frozen and Daft Punk by Pentatonix, he told the Guardian. As the elaborate stunt was built to raise money for his local church, Centerville Presbyterian, BetGeorge said his gracious neighbors have been surprisingly supportive. Posting a high-quality video of the five-minute light show on YouTube, he wrote: 'Here's my tribute to my favorite songs on Star Wars! 'The neighbors are very supportive especially since I use the display to raise money for the poor and homeless through my church. Painstaking: For every minute of music, he spent 10 hours programming the colorful lights and sound effects . 'A lot of people have been asking about how to donate to my church's free dining program online - if that's on your heart, please use this link and God bless!' The reaction, he insists, has been humbling. 'Honestly, it’s a little surreal. It’s humbling. I anticipated that a lot of people [would] like ‘Star Wars,’ but I didn’t expect it to blow up like that,' he told Yahoo News.
highlights: Tom BetGeorge spent 2 months transforming his Bay Area bungalow . 100,000 lights are programmed to a five-minute Star Wars medley . He has also prepared a light show to the song Let It Go from Frozen . For every minute of music, he spent 10 hours programming . He encourages the millions of YouTube viewers to donate to his church .
id: 30c36b1fcf8f3d6bc242c30c2202316b15aa6d65
chatgpt: Tom BetGeorge, a resident of the Bay Area, has spent the last two months transforming his bungalow into a winter wonderland, featuring an astounding display of over 100,000 lights programmed to a five-minute Star Wars medley. Additionally, he has prepared a light show for the song "Let It Go" from the Disney mega-hit Frozen. The display, which is set to the tune of the famous space opera, has become something of a viral sensation, with millions of YouTube viewers tuning in to watch the impressive light show. For every minute of music, BetGeorge has spent an incredible 10 hours programming the lights to achieve the desired effect. While some may find such a task daunting, to BetGeorge, it's an opportunity to bring the community together and raise money for a good cause. The devoted Star Wars fan encourages his millions of YouTube viewers to make a donation to his church, aptly named Trinity Church in Livermore. This isn't the first time that BetGeorge has engineered an impressive holiday display. In fact, the Star Wars-themed light show is becoming something of an annual tradition for the Bay Area resident, who uses the display as a way to bring joy and excitement to his community. BetGeorge has always been passionate about using his creative talents to give back to his local community. He's a musician with a degree in music education, and in addition to his work on Christmas light shows, he also teaches music to children and adults. Despite the considerable time and effort required to bring his vision to life, BetGeorge never loses sight of the broader goal; to bring together his community for a good cause. The impressive light display serves as a reminder of the potential for community-driven projects to bring people together and make a difference in the world. In a time when many communities are feeling more divided than ever, BetGeorge's Star Wars-themed light and music show serves as a beacon of hope and a reminder of the power of a shared experience. So if you find yourself in the Bay Area over the holiday season, be sure to make your way over to Tom BetGeorge's house and enjoy the incredible display of festive cheer. And don't forget to make a donation to Trinity Church in Livermore while you're there!