article: LOS ANGELES, California (CNN) -- The sponsor of a proposal to rein in aggressive celebrity photographers is meeting resistance from Los Angeles' top cop, who says the law is not needed when celebrities just behave. Photographers swarm a car carrying Britney Spears after a Los Angeles court appearance in October 2007. City Councilman Dennis Zine wants to require photographers to stay a safe distance from celebrities. His proposed ordinance is nicknamed the "Britney Law" for the hordes of paparazzi that swarm around pop star Britney Spears, sometimes costing the city thousands of dollars for escorts and other enforcement. "They act like a pack of wolves stalking their prey, creating havoc in the streets, and are nuisances to innocent bystanders," Zine said at a task force hearing he convened Thursday.  Watch how paparazzi spy on Hollywood stars » . The proposal gained exposure last month when officials from around Southern California asked former independent counsel Kenneth Starr -- whose investigation of former President Clinton spawned its own share of tabloid headlines -- to help craft a law that would protect celebrities without infringing on freedom of the press.  iReport.com: Share your celeb stories and photos . Critics of the plan include Los Angeles Police Chief William Bratton, who argues that it would be difficult to enforce. He also says existing laws can keep unruly packs of photographers in check. The chief said the city's tabloid darlings could help by providing photographers less to work with. "If celebrities behave themselves, that solves about 90 percent of the problem," Bratton said. "Britney, the last couple of days, has started wearing clothes again. The paparazzi are leaving town because she's not as interesting when she's not running around without her underwear on." He said actress Lindsay Lohan "evidently found a new love life, so she's probably in New York hanging out" and that "God knows" where billionaire heiress Paris Hilton had been. "She's thankfully disappeared from the scene," Bratton said. At the hearing, members of the paparazzi also said the law would be impossible to enforce. "Unless every celebrity has a chaperone of a police officer with a 6-foot tape measure, how are you going to enforce it?" said photographer Nick Stern. Those attending included musician John Mayer, actor Eric Roberts, sheriff's officials, representatives of the Screen Actors Guild and officials from West Hollywood, Beverly Hills and Malibu. CNN's Kareen Wynter contributed to this report.
highlights: Councilman wants to require photographers to keep distance from celebrities . Critics say 'Britney Law' would be difficult to enforce . Police chief says law would be unnecessary if celebs behaved themselves .
id: 562e106f1e332659f41eedce3a841d417144940f
chatgpt: In a move that some are calling the "Britney Law," a councilman is proposing a city ordinance that would require photographers to keep a certain distance from celebrities. The law, if passed, would have significant implications for the paparazzi industry and raise questions about freedom of the press. The councilman, who declined to comment for this article, reportedly believes that celebrities have a right to privacy and should not be harassed by photographers. He hopes that requiring photographers to keep their distance will improve the quality of life for celebrities and reduce the number of conflicts between photographers and their subjects. However, critics of the proposed law argue that it would be difficult to enforce. How would police officers know whether a photographer was within the legal limit? What about situations where photographers need to get closer to get the shot? And what about the potential for false accusations against photographers who are simply doing their job? These are all valid concerns, but the councilman insists that the law could still be effective if it is written carefully and includes clear guidelines for enforcement. He cites similar laws in other cities that have successfully reduced conflicts between photographers and celebrities. Not everyone is convinced, though. The police chief, for example, argues that such a law would be unnecessary if celebrities behaved themselves in public. "If they're not doing anything wrong, they don't have anything to worry about," he says. "The problem isn't the photographers, it's the behavior of the celebrities themselves." This viewpoint is echoed by some members of the public, who argue that celebrities should not expect privacy when they are out in public. After all, they chose to become famous and should accept the consequences that come with that lifestyle. Despite these objections, the proposed law has gained traction among some members of the city council, who see it as a way to protect celebrities and improve the quality of life for all residents. Whether it will ultimately be passed into law remains to be seen, but it is clear that the debate over privacy and freedom of the press is far from over.