article: It's often hard for chefs to showcase weird and wonderful flavours without putting off potential customers. But one South Australian pub is taking bizarre flavour combinations to the next level - holding a beer festival where punters can sample brews made with squid, anchovies, chocolate, wasabi and even the droppings of a nocturnal mammal called the civet. Commencing Thursday, eccentric brewers from across the globe are converging on Adelaide's Wheatsheaf Hotel for the Good Beer Wheaty - and they'll be sharing some of their wacky ways with beer aficionados. Not your average brew: Weird and wacky flavours of beer will be showcased at Adelaide's Good Beer Wheaty this week. The concept came about in 2011, when Wheatsheef Hotel co-publican Jade Flavell met up with New Zealand craft brewers Stu McKinlay and Sam Posseniskie, also known as the Yeastie Boys, at Melbourne's Good Beer Week. Deciding to bring the concept to Adelaide, the pub and brewers launched Good Beer Wheaty the following year in 2012. The Yeastie Boys won't be the only international beer makers at the festival, with brewers from England's Magic Rock, Italy's Birra Del Borgo, Denmark's To Øl and Brookyln's Sixpoint craft breweries also featuring on the festival's lineup. Attendees can taste exotic beers, featuring unexpected flavours, at one of five daily tasting sessions. From the sea: Anchovies and squid are two of the 'unique' ingredients being used to flavour beer by craft brewers . Cake ingredient or beer flavour? Chocolate and orange peel are two more of the weird flavours being added to the beers being showcased . Write caption here . Some of the beers to be showcased at the sessions include a gin and tonic flavoured beer, in addition to the odd-sounding seafood, chocolate and wasabi flavours. In addition to tastings, workshops will also be held for festival ticketholders. Just like the odd brews being showcased, the classes promise not to be your average class. Workshops include 'The Art of Spooning,' a celebration of the strange things that happen when weird brewers collaborate. Creature of the night: Droppings from cervils, a nocturnal mammal native to Africa and Asia, are being used to give beers a musky flavour . Another workshop called 'Skunkhour,' will teach attendees about the science behind beer flavouring. 'If Good Beer Wheaty Yeastie could be encapsulated in one word, it would have to be spooning,' Wheatsheef Hotel co-publican Jade Flavell said. The festival runs from Thursday 15 May until Monday 19 May.
highlights: South Australian beer festival showcasing unique flavours . Featuring craft brewers from Europe, US and New Zealand . Workshops include the 'The Art of Spooning' and 'Skunkhour'
id: 99d5212951b92772027f780dff96b286ab8970e4
chatgpt: Beer enthusiasts in South Australia can revel in unique flavours at the upcoming beer festival that will feature renowned craft brewers from Europe, the United States, and New Zealand. The event, poised to take place at a popular Adelaide venue on June 19 and 20, offers visitors an opportunity to sample an extensive selection of draft beers while learning more about the brewing process. In addition to the festival's beer-tasting features, there are workshops for festival attendees, including two particularly interesting sessions. The first, titled "The Art of Spooning," features a demonstration from a well-known artisanal spoon maker. Attendees will learn about the different types of wood and carving techniques used to make unique and beautiful spoons.  The second workshop, "Skunkhour," is an insightful session that explores the relationship between hops and beer. With experts from some of the most celebrated breweries on hand to discuss various hop profiles and how they can enhance beer flavours, attendees will have an opportunity to taste some of the beers that have been produced from such profiles.  The festival's organizers have confirmed that over 30 popular craft breweries, from around the world, will feature at the event. The line-up includes local favourites and internationally acclaimed ones such as Belgium's Brasserie Dupont, the U.S' Three Floyds Brewing, and New Zealand's Garage Project. The festival will showcase a range of both traditional beers and unique flavours, all handcrafted in smaller batches by experienced and talented brewers. Many of the breweries attending the event have won numerous accolades, including awards for their creativity and brewing techniques. As part of the festival's initiative to promote responsible drinking, attendees will be issued with a limited number of drink tokens. The tokens will be used to purchase beer samples, and additional tokens will be available for purchase throughout the festival. Speaking about the upcoming event, one of the organisers, Ryan Carter, expressed excitement about the line-up of brewers and the unique beers that they are bringing. Carter also highlighted the importance of the festival in bringing the global craft beer industry to the fore in South Australia. The beer festival promises not only to be a great experience for all beer enthusiasts, but also a chance for attendees to learn more about the different techniques and creative processes that go into making their favourite beers. The unique workshops, coupled with the various beer tastings, are sure to make this event one to remember.