article: By . Adam Shergold . Zlatan Ibrahimovic set his sights on winning the Champions League with Paris Saint-Germain next season as the French side continued their pre-season preparations in Hong Kong. The Swedish superstar looked as though he was feeling the intense heat as PSG trained on Saturday ahead of their latest warm-up match with local side Kitchee. Ibrahimovic returns to action after a summer free of tournament football and was quickly back into his stride on the practice field. And the striker was still smiling later as he took to the catwalk at a fashion show for Swiss watchmaker Hublot. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Ibrahimovic show some serious skill during PSG warm-up . Kicking out: Zlatan Ibrahimovic gets into the swing of pre-season training as Paris Saint-Germain prepare for their latest warm-up match in Hong Kong . Thirsty work: Ibrahimovic, whose Sweden side didn't qualify for the World Cup this summer, cools himself down in the scorching temperatures of Hong Kong . Sweaty: Ibra wipes his face with his shirt as the PSG players take a breather during training. They play local Hong Kong side Kitchee on Tuesday . Stylish: Ibrahimovic takes to the catwalk at a fashion show for Swiss watchmaker Hublot in Hong Kong . Mascot: The PSG players were accompanied by young fans in the club's home kit as they walked along the runway . Jump for joy: Ibra takes on the hurdles as PSG get tuned up for the defence of their Ligue 1 title out in the Far East . Obstacle course: Zlatan hops over an assortment of cones and hoops during the warm-up . The French champions have shoe-horned in Tuesday's Hong Kong friendly before they head to Beijing for the Champions Trophy match with Guingamp on Saturday. 'I've very happy to be here,' Ibrahimovic told the waiting media upon arrival. 'We plan on continuing our pre-season training here in Hong Kong. 'I think we are going to have a good time and take part in a training camp to help us prepare for the trophies we will be competing for this season. Who said that? Zlatan was in good spirit and has set his sights on leading PSG to Champions League glory . Power packed: Ibrahimovic unleashes one of his venomous shots during shooting practice . Refreshing: Ibra takes the chance to pour water over his head - to his obvious relief . Instructions: PSG coach Laurent Blanc makes a point to his players . 'One of them is the Champions League. We have won two French championships in a row and the Coupe de la Ligue. 'Everyone dreams of winning the Champions League, and me too.' Ibrahimovic, who watched the World Cup from the sidelines after Sweden failed to qualify, captained PSG in their last friendly - a 2-1 win at Nice on Wednesday night. They reached the last eight of the Champions League last season before being eliminated on away goals by Chelsea. PSG kick off their defence of the French title at Reims on August 8. Â .
highlights: Ibrahimovic and PSG are in Hong Kong to play local side Kitchee . French champions trained in intense heat as they continue pre-season preparations . But the squad then took to the catwalk at fashion show . Ibra has targeted Champions League success in the coming season . PSG then travel to Beijing to play Guingamp in Champions' Trophy .
id: 985dc4e064f7b2507b0f50f5bfd1f95843b9e10d
chatgpt: Paris Saint-Germain (PSG) has arrived in Hong Kong for a friendly game against Kitchee, a local side. The French champions are in the midst of their pre-season preparations and trained in intense heat as they acclimated to the weather conditions in the region. Despite the challenging climate, PSG's squad worked hard on their fitness levels as they continued to prepare for the upcoming season. But the players also took time off the pitch to experience Hong Kong's vibrant culture. The team made a surprise appearance at a fashion show, where they took to the catwalk to showcase the latest fashion trends. Zlatan Ibrahimovic, who recently signed a contract extension with PSG, was among the stars who walked down the runway. Ibrahimovic, who has won numerous titles throughout his career, has set his sights on securing Champions League success with PSG. The Swedish striker has indicated that this could be his last season with the club, and he is eager to end his time with a bang. The Champions League has eluded PSG in recent years, with the club failing to make it past the quarter-finals over the last four seasons. However, with Ibrahimovic and other key players in their squad, the French side is determined to make a mark in the competition. PSG's next stop on their tour of Asia is China, where they will play Guingamp in the Champions' Trophy. The match takes place at the Beijing Workers' Stadium, and is expected to draw a large crowd. The Champions' Trophy is a high-profile event that features the winners of the French Cup and Ligue 1. PSG won both competitions last season, and will be hoping to start the new campaign on a positive note. With the likes of Ibrahimovic, Edinson Cavani, and Angel Di Maria in their lineup, PSG has one of the strongest squads in Europe. The French champions have invested heavily in their team over the last few years, and expectations are high heading into the new season. PSG's pre-season preparations in Hong Kong have been challenging, but the players are up for the task. The team has been using the trip to not only train and improve their fitness but also to experience the local culture. The fashion show was a fun way to switch off from football and connect with the Hong Kong community. The squad is now set to focus on their next game against Guingamp, where they will aim to showcase their quality and start the season on the right foot. In conclusion, PSG is on the verge of a new season, and their pre-season tour has been good thus far. They trained hard in Hong Kong and also made headlines for their appearance at a fashion show. With Champions League glory in the players' sights, the French champions are hoping to achieve their goal this season.