article: The Australian health department is paying for its staff to undergo unproven methods to help them quit their smoking habits as part of its Smoke Free Workplace policy. These include remedies such as hypnotherapy and acupuncture which have been offered to public servants who are trying to give up cigarettes, the Sydney Morning Herald reports. According to a health department spokeswoman, in the last financial year the government paid two workers a total of $1000 for hypnotherapy. The Australian health department is paying for its staff to undergo unproven methods of quitting smoking habits as part of its Smoke Free Workplace policy . Since 2010, the department has examined applications for 'reasonable reimbursement of a range of activities to help employees quit smoking' a spokeswoman told the Herald. The revelation comes after a question on notice was submitted by Labor senator Joe Ludwig. Hypnotherapy is one of the many methods used to help smokers quit their habits by placing suggestions in the subject's unconscious mind, according to Tobacco in Australia - a review compiled by the Cancer Council Victoria and funded by the department. This weakens the desire to smoke, or strengthen their will to stop, or improve their ability to carry through a treatment program. 'The effectiveness of hypnosis has been poorly studied, with studies producing conflicting results,' the review states. 'It has not been shown that hypnotherapy itself increases long-term quitting rates, although counselling or other treatments that accompany it can be helpful to some smokers. 'To date, there is no clear evidence to support the use of hypnotherapy, acupuncture or related treatments in their own right as quitting aids.' However the funding for such therapies has been met with criticism from health experts. Professor in public health at the University of Sydney, Simon Chapman, told the Sydney Morning Herald the department is 'just throwing money away and those procedures are often quite expensive'. Mike Daube, a health policy professor at Curtin University in Perth, also told the Herald that the department should 'stick with what we know to be most effective'. He suggests that staff should be urged to try giving up smoking cold turkey, go to their doctor for advice or opt for proven methods such as nicotine replacements.
highlights: Health department reimbursed two staff members a total of $1000 for hypnotherapy . Other unproven methods such as acupuncture are available for staff . According to Tobacco in Australia, 'there is no clear evidence to support the use of hypnotherapy and acupuncture' Health experts say the department is wasting money by funding such therapies .
id: 523eb332dd75a30f970e3281e1bc70061e1a1eef
chatgpt: The health department has come under fire for reimbursing two staff members a total of $1000 for hypnotherapy, a therapy which has no clear evidence to support its effectiveness. The department is also offering other unproven methods like acupuncture to its staff members. According to a health expert, the department is wasting money by funding such therapies. Tobacco in Australia, a website that provides information and resources on smoking, highlights that there is no clear evidence to support the use of hypnotherapy and acupuncture for smoking cessation. Despite this, the health department has approved the funding of these therapies for staff members who want to quit smoking. The reimbursement of the $1000 for hypnotherapy has raised eyebrows among the medical fraternity, with some saying that such funding is a waste of taxpayers' money. Health experts argue that there are proven methods for smoking cessation, such as nicotine replacement therapy, that should be funded by the department. They also point out that hypnotherapy and acupuncture are not only unproven but can also have potential side effects that can harm patients. The Department of Health has defended its decision to fund hypnotherapy and acupuncture, arguing that they are alternatives for staff members who are unable to use other conventional methods. Spokespeople for the department have also pointed out that the reimbursement of $1000 for hypnotherapy represents a small fraction of the department's budget. Despite the department's defence, health experts have called on them to stop funding unproven therapies and instead focus on evidence-based treatments. They argue that the money being wasted on such therapies could be better spent on proven methods that have been demonstrated to help people give up smoking. In conclusion, the reimbursement of $1000 for hypnotherapy by the health department has sparked debate about the use of unproven therapies for smoking cessation. Given the lack of clear evidence to support the effectiveness of such therapies, it is important for the department to reconsider its funding decisions and direct resources towards evidence-based treatments that have been proven to help people quit smoking. It is hoped that the department will take action and re-evaluate its decisions in light of expert advice.