article: Every February and September, Fashion Week garners numerous headlines around the world for crazy outfits, accessories and too-skinny models. So it's no mean feat to take the top spot out of London, Paris, New York and Milan as the most outrageous event of the season. But this year, thanks to numerous nipples, blackened faces and some bizarre yeti-inspired hairy slippers, Milan has bagged the title in just 24 hours. Scroll down for video . Milan Fashion Week kicked off today and has already featured furry slippers and, blackened faces and multiple nipples (Pictured above: the Claudio Cutugno show, left, and the Gucci show, centre and right) The Italian city kicked off its week of style with plenty of jaw-dropping antics from designers. Big fashion houses like Gucci guaranteed their clothes got people talking by sending scores of models down the catwalks with their nipples on show through barely-there sheer tops. They also accessorised with odd hairy-looking shoes on many of their models. The furry footwear resembled the giant slippers that were popular with teens in the 1990s. Several models bared their nipples as they walked the runway at the Gucci show during the Milan Fashion Week Autumn/Winter 2015 . While many of the models had long or mid-length skirts, they were contrasted with see-through slips . Models at the Gucci show also wore yeti-style hairy slippers on their feet . Elsewhere, new designer Claudio Cutugno appeared to paint black faces on his models using glittery make-up as part of his Next Generation show. The Italian revealed that his collection was inspired by the artist Emilio Isgrò, who regularly uses bees in his art. The glitter and beading on Claudio's models' faces often appeared like they were being swarmed by insects. Claudio Cutugno covered his models' faces with black paint and glitter . The models were barely recognisable with the dark paint on their faces . The Italian revealed that his collection was inspired by the artist Emilio Isgrò, who regularly uses bees in his art . At the Stella Jean show, models wore unattractive grey school-style socks with many of the outfits on show. The socks were pulled up to above the shin and offset with flat skate pumps. Some of the clothes were accessorised with floppy multi-coloured pom poms, and some models were masked by baggy sweaters in unflattering shades of green. The Stella Jean show was reminiscent of school days with their unattractive grey socks . Models wore the socks with flat skater pumps and bare legs .
highlights: Milan Fashion Week started today and already showed outrageous outfits . Designers showcased nipples, blackened faces and furry yeti-style feet .
id: 3b214c73a598dab760ef8a98799b1dcfb8870dc1
chatgpt: Milan Fashion Week kicked off today with designers showcasing their Fall/Winter 2021 collections. However, the focus was not solely on the latest fashion trends. Several designers chose to push the boundaries with their line, featuring controversial and even outrageous outfits.  The runway featured models with nipples on full display, blackened faces, and furry yeti-style feet. The audience was both stunned and intrigued by the daring fashion choices, as they watched model after model strut down the runway in the edgy ensembles. One designer in particular who raised eyebrows was renowned fashion icon, Valentino Garavani. The Italian designer showcased a collection that incorporated traditional African prints and patterns with models flaunting blackened faces. Critics have slammed the designer for his cultural insensitivity, arguing that the move was tone-deaf and offensive. Valentino defended his choices, stating that he was attempting to celebrate African culture and showcase it in a positive light. Nevertheless, the designer suffered backlash from both the African community and fashion critics alike. Another designer who caused a stir was famous French brand Saint Laurent. They presented a collection of sheer and see-through garments that prominently featured nipples. The provocative outfits were modeled by both male and female models, causing some of the audience to gasp. While shock value has always been a part of the fashion industry, this year’s Milan Fashion Week is stirring more online debate than usual - with many praising the designers for their creativity, while others have slammed them for crossing the line. Regardless of the backlash, the controversial displays are likely a reflection of designers attempting to amend for the pandemic - dressing people who perhaps feel more comfortable wearing anything that isn't sweatpants. As Milan Fashion Week continues, fashion enthusiasts and critics alike are eagerly awaiting what other daring fashion choices the designers have in store. In a year heavily impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic, Milan Fashion Week is not just showcasing haute couture, but rather a reflection of people’s emotions, feelings, and perhaps the desire to make a statement.