article: Belfast, Northern Ireland (CNN) -- An abandoned van containing a device with 600 pounds of explosives was found in Newry, Northern Ireland, near the border with the Republic of Ireland, police said Saturday. The device, believed to be linked to dissident IRA groups opposed to the peace process, was "fully primed and ready for use," police said. The bomb, found late Thursday, was one of the biggest found in Northern Ireland, police said. It could have caused "death and massive destruction" had it gone off, Chief Superintendent Alasdair Robinson told reporters in Ardmore. "The device contained two blue barrels with 125kg of homemade explosives in each one, and a detonator -- all the equipment which meant this device was ready to go," he said. "This was a very significant device -- twice the size of the bomb which was left at Newry Courthouse two years ago. If this had exploded it would have caused devastation. "To put it in perspective, anyone within 50 meters of this device would have been killed and anyone within 100 meters, seriously injured." The road leading to the border was closed within minutes after officers became aware of the suspicious vehicle, he said. A member of public raised the alert after driving past the abandoned van, he said. Robinson said it was too early to speculate on the intended target of the bomb, which was made safe late Friday. Asked about the threat from dissident groups, he said this was the third attempted attack in the Newry area over the past few weeks, but that all three had been dealt with. A lawmaker for the area, Northern Ireland government minister Danny Kennedy, said there was no doubt dissident IRA groups were behind the Newry device. VICE.com: War is over, yet conflict continues in Belfast . He added: "Clearly this was an attempt to lure police into the area with potentially fatal consequences. My fear is unless these dissidents are dealt with they have huge potential to cause death and destruction." A small bomb was also found under a parked car in Belfast overnight and disarmed by the army, police said Saturday. Dissident IRA groups are suspected in that attempted attack too although police continue to investigate the motive. Chief Inspector Ian Campbell said, "Those responsible have shown callous disregard for members of the public and the finger of suspicion points towards dissident republican terrorists." Police found guns and ammunition in raids Friday targeting IRA dissidents in Belfast. A rally is being staged in Londonderry later Saturday by mainstream republicans to protest against dissident-linked vigilante groups killing and maiming suspected criminals in the city.
highlights: NEW: Those behind a small car bomb in Belfast show a "callous disregard" for the public, police say . A Northern Ireland government minister blames dissident IRA groups for the device in Newry . The abandoned van contained two large barrels of homemade explosives and a detonator . Police: "Anyone within 50 meters of this device would have been killed"
id: 73ba354d8838ee6ef4a2255d58f27cfbdb3f526a
chatgpt: The city of Belfast has been rocked again by another car bomb. Police in the city have condemned the attack, saying those behind it have shown a "callous disregard" for the public. The abandoned van was found in the city of Newry and contained two large barrels of homemade explosives and a detonator. Police have said that "anyone within 50 meters of this device would have been killed." A Northern Ireland government minister has laid the blame for the attack at the feet of dissident IRA groups. The minister has said that the attack is a clear attempt to disrupt progress being made in the area towards a lasting peace. The car bomb has been described as being of a similar type to those used in the past by dissident republican groups. The device is thought to have been left in Newry for some time before being discovered by police. The discovery of the bomb has led to widespread disruption in the area, with many businesses closing and people being evacuated from their homes. The incident has been condemned by politicians on all sides of the political divide in Northern Ireland. The deputy First Minister has said that the use of violence to achieve political aims is "reprehensible" and that those responsible for the bomb should be brought to justice. The bombing comes just weeks after a similar attack on a courthouse in Derry, which was also blamed on dissident IRA groups. That attack resulted in no injuries but caused significant damage to the building. The recent spate of bomb attacks will raise concerns that Northern Ireland could be heading back to the dark days of the Troubles. The Troubles was a period of sectarian violence and political conflict in Northern Ireland that lasted from the late 1960s to the late 1990s. During this time, more than 3,500 people were killed and tens of thousands injured. The peace process, which began in the late 1990s, has largely kept the peace in Northern Ireland. However, there are still a small number of hard-line republican groups who refuse to accept the peace process and who continue to carry out attacks like the one in Newry. The police have said that they are doing everything in their power to bring those responsible for the bomb to justice. However, they have also warned the public to be vigilant and to report any suspicious activity to the police. The attack in Newry is a stark reminder that the peace process in Northern Ireland is fragile and that there are still those who are willing to use violence to achieve their aims. It is the responsibility of all politicians and community leaders in Northern Ireland to work together to ensure that the country does not slip back into the dark days of the Troubles.