article: (CNN) -- The semi-automatic rifle used in the Colorado theater killings jammed during the rampage, apparently because of a problem with the 100-shot magazine feeding it, a law enforcement source with direct knowledge of the investigation said Sunday. The military-style AR-15 had a separately purchased drum magazine, which can have trouble feeding bullets into the firing chamber if the gun is fired rapidly, the source told CNN. "These after-market extended magazines have a tendency to jam," the source said. Obama flies to Colorado . One of the survivors of the early Friday assault, Josh Nowlan, said Saturday that he would not have been alive if the suspect's gun had not jammed. Investigators say the rifle was one of three guns used by Colorado massacre suspect James Holmes in the early Friday killings, along with a shotgun and a .40-caliber pistol. The handgun also had an extended magazine that held 40 rounds, the source said. Suspect spooked gun range manager . Police say Holmes opened fire during a midnight screening of the new Batman movie, "The Dark Knight Rises." In addition to turning guns on the crowd, witnesses say they saw the attacker throw two canisters -- possibly containing tear gas -- before opening fire. He also rigged his suburban Denver apartment with a wide array of explosives and flammable materials, forcing investigators to evacuate nearby residents and pick gingerly through his home in a two-day effort to remove all the hazards. Authorities have since recovered a Batman poster, a Batman mask and a computer from the apartment, the source said. Victims remembered with poignant stories . Investigators are talking to victims to try to determine in what order the guns were fired, the source said. The suspect may have begun with the shotgun, which can be "devastating when fired at close range," according to the source. They believe the next weapon fired may have been the high-capacity assault rifle, with Holmes turning to the Glock semi-automatic pistol to "re-engage his targets," according to the source. That squares with what some witnesses have told CNN -- that the gunman began to open fire with a shotgun, then turned to other weapons. The source said the extensive body armor Holmes had on when he was arrested gives "no doubt he intended to do battle with law enforcement," and not people watching a movie, according to the source. But he was arrested unarmed while going back out to his car, possibly to retrieve another gun, the source said. CNN's Ross Levitt and Kyung Lah contributed to this report.
highlights: Witnesses had said one of the suspect's guns appeared to jam during the rampage . Large-capacity magazines "have a tendency to jam," the source says . A Batman poster and mask were found in the suspect's apartment . Body armor indicates the gunman "intended to do battle" with police, source says .
id: 9dbbfda5e860ac2658c140925623a19c1bfb12f3
chatgpt: In the aftermath of the deadly shooting that took place at a theater in Aurora, Colorado on Friday, new details have emerged about the suspected gunman's arsenal and intentions. According to sources, witnesses said that one of the suspect's guns appeared to jam during the rampage, possibly due to the use of large-capacity magazines. "These types of magazines have a tendency to jam," a law enforcement source told CNN. Meanwhile, law enforcement officials also found a disturbing collection of items in the suspect's apartment, including a Batman poster and mask. Investigators are currently trying to determine what, if any, significance these items may have had to the suspect. Additionally, investigators revealed that the suspect was heavily armed and prepared for a potential showdown with police. Body armor was found in the suspect's car and home, which sources say indicates that the suspect "intended to do battle" with police. The shooting, which took place during a midnight showing of "The Dark Knight Rises," left 12 people dead and dozens injured. The suspect, identified as 24-year-old James Holmes, was taken into custody shortly after the attack. Holmes, who had recently dropped out of a doctoral program in neuroscience at the University of Colorado, has been described by those who knew him as a bright and quiet student with no prior history of violent behavior. Meanwhile, the Aurora community continues to mourn the loss of those killed in the shooting. A vigil was held on Sunday evening to honor the victims, and several organizations have already begun efforts to raise funds for the families of those affected. President Obama addressed the nation on Sunday afternoon, saying that "we may never understand what leads anyone to terrorize their fellow human beings like this." He also called for a moment of silence to honor the victims of the shooting. The tragedy has renewed the debate over gun control laws in the United States, with some politicians calling for stricter regulations on firearms. However, others argue that such measures will infringe on Second Amendment rights without necessarily preventing shootings like the one in Aurora. As the investigation into the shooting continues, many questions remain unanswered. What led James Holmes to commit such a heinous act of violence? How can we prevent similar tragedies from taking place in the future? And perhaps most importantly, how can we come together as a nation to support those affected by this senseless act of violence?