article: Arnold Abbott handed out four plates of food to homeless people in a South Florida park. Then police stopped the 90-year-old from serving up another bite. "An officer said, 'Drop that plate right now -- like I had a weapon,'" Abbott said. Abbott and two pastors in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, were charged for feeding the homeless in public on Sunday, the city's first crackdowns under a new ordinance banning public food sharing, CNN affiliate WPLG reported. Now they face possible jail time and a $500 fine, WPLG said. Despite some criticism from homeless advocates, city officials have vowed the new rules will be enforced. "Just because of media attention we don't stop enforcing the law. We enforce the laws here in Fort Lauderdale," Mayor Jack Seiler told WPLG. He defended the law in an interview with the Sun-Sentinel newspaper. "I'm not satisfied with having a cycle of homeless in the city of Fort Lauderdale," Seiler said. "Providing them with a meal and keeping them in that cycle on the street is not productive." But Abbott, who has been helping feed homeless people in the area through his Love Thy Neighbor nonprofit since 1991, said authorities are targeting the city's most vulnerable residents. "These are the poorest of the poor. They have nothing. They don't have a roof over their head," he said. "Who can turn them away?" Recently, the city has also passed an ordinance limiting the storage of personal property in public, WPLG said. Then came the restrictions for food sharing. "The city passed an ordinance requiring us to have a Porta-Potty. It's ridiculous. The whole thing was designed to rid Fort Lauderdale of its homeless," Abbott said. "Police told me anyone who touches a pan ... anyone who is involved, will be arrested." It's a battle Abbott has fought before. In 1999 he sued the city for banning him from feeding homeless people on the beach -- and won, according to WPLG. He said the threat of charges won't stop him from doing it again. "I'm not afraid of jail. I'm not looking to go, but if I have to, I will," he said. On Wednesday, Abbott said he'll be at Fort Lauderdale Beach, ready to serve another meal.
highlights: Arnold Abbott faces charges for feeding homeless people under a new ordinance . "Drop that plate right now," Abbott says an officer told him . The 90-year-old Florida man says he's prepared to fight the new rules . Advocates blast the ordinance; Fort Lauderdale officials defend it .
id: 58b9fcb1b270113d8feec1f5f63b7b85142527d2
chatgpt: Arnold Abbott, a 90-year-old man from Fort Lauderdale, Florida, faces charges under a new ordinance for feeding homeless people in public spaces. Abbott has been a long-time advocate for providing meals to the homeless and has been arrested multiple times for his actions. However, under the new ordinance, Abbott and other volunteers who distribute food to the homeless can face fines and even jail time for violating the law. When Abbott was caught feeding the homeless recently, he claims that an officer approached him and demanded that he stop. "Drop that plate right now," the officer allegedly told Abbott. Abbott is not backing down in the face of these new rules. He says that he is prepared to fight for his right to feed the homeless and plans to continue doing so in spite of the ordinance. This fight has won him support from advocates who see the ordinance as cruel and inhumane. "This ordinance criminalizes the most compassionate act of giving," said Sean Cononie, director of the Homeless Voice advocacy group. "These are the actions of a cruel and heartless city." Fort Lauderdale officials, however, defend the new ordinance, arguing that it is necessary to regulate food distribution in public spaces. They claim that the ordinance is not meant to discourage people from helping the homeless, but rather to ensure that donations are distributed safely and effectively. "The goal is to have the organizations that work with the homeless to partner with us, so that we can provide a safe, healthy environment," explained Fort Lauderdale Mayor Jack Seiler. Despite the official defense of the ordinance, the battle between Abbott and the city continues. Abbott has vowed to keep feeding the homeless and has gained support from others who also believe in the importance of providing assistance to those in need. This struggle between compassion and regulation is ongoing in Fort Lauderdale, as advocates and officials debate the best ways to help the homeless community. The outcome of this fight remains to be seen, but it is clear that Abbott and others like him will continue to stand up for what they believe in, even in the face of legal challenges.