article: By . Mail On Sunday Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 18:35 EST, 22 February 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 13:09 EST, 23 February 2014 . Top Gear star Jeremy Clarkson has hit out at the jailing of Liberal Democrat Chris Huhne and his former wife Vicky Pryce over their speeding points conspiracy. Millions commit the same crime and Pryce’s sentence for ‘an act  of kindness’ was harsh compared with the sentencing of violent sex offenders, writes Clarkson in the latest Top Gear magazine. Both Huhne, 59, and Pryce, 61, were jailed for perverting the course of justice after Pryce took his speeding points in 2003. She came clean in 2010 after Huhne left her for his bisexual aide. Jeremy Clarkson has hit out at the jailing of Chris Huhne and Vicky Pryce over their speeding points conspiracy . Referring to Pryce’s punishment, Clarkson said: ‘Eight months for what at the time was an act of love and kindness .  .  . Stuart Hall was given 30 months for sexually assaulting 13 young girls.’ Clarkson cites a survey stating 12 per cent of people on the road are guilty of the same crime as Huhne. ‘Robbers, rapists and people who knock old ladies over on purpose are given a spot of light gardening as a punishment, but when the crime is to do with motoring the system throws the biggest book at its disposal at your head,’ he says. Clarkson faced a motoring ban in France last year after driving at more than 30mph over the speed limit while filming with co-star Richard Hammond in Toulouse. Clarkson faced a motoring ban in France last year after driving at more than 30mph over the speed .
highlights: Millions commit the same crime and Pryce's sentence for 'an act of kindness' was harsh, said the Top Gear star . He also hit out at the jailing of Liberal Democrat Huhne for eight months . Both were jailed for perverting the course of justice after Pryce took his speeding points in 2003 .
id: 7b46c70976ad31f6a921ab1235d2e2e643a9ac85
chatgpt: Top Gear star Jeremy Clarkson recently criticized the harsh sentencing of Vicky Pryce for what he described as "an act of kindness." Pryce received an eight-month prison term for perverting the course of justice by accepting her ex-husband's speeding points in 2003. Millions of people commit this same crime, yet Pryce was made an example of, according to Clarkson.  Clarkson also expressed his disapproval of the imprisonment of Liberal Democrat Chris Huhne for the same offense. Huhne was sentenced to eight months in jail after admitting to passing his speeding points onto Pryce. Clarkson contended that the eight-month sentence handed to Huhne was equally unwarranted.  Perjury and perverting the course of justice have attracted great public attention in recent years. The court proceedings against Pryce and Huhne received extensive media coverage because of the prominent positions the two individuals held. Pryce, an economist, and Huhne, a former cabinet minister, both committed a criminal offense but at the same time managed to endure the public humiliation that accompanied the trials.  Clarkson criticized the justice system for punishing Pryce and Huhne for an offense that many others commit. The famous presenter raised the point that millions of other people also take speeding points for someone else. He said the punishment was disproportionate to the crime and that the justice system should re-evaluate its approach to sentencing. Many people have also taken to social media to agree with his sentiments. The case of Pryce and Huhne has once again reignited the debate over whether the punishment fits the crime. Both individuals have been punished for perverting the course of justice, however, many believe the severity of the punishment was not appropriate. Perhaps Clarkson's criticisms can lead to further discussion and changes in the justice system.