article: By . Matt Chorley, Mailonline Political Editor . PUBLISHED: . 02:54 EST, 25 October 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 02:58 EST, 25 October 2012 . Shamed Andrew Mitchell’s official Jaguar has been scrapped by new Chief Whip Sir George Young. The gas-guzzling car was ordered by Mr Mitchell after he discovered he would have to walk the 200 yards from Downing Street to Parliament. But on Friday he was forced to resign, a month after a foul-mouthed rant at police officers who told him he could not ride his bike through the Downing Street gates. At the height of the plebgate row, Andrew Mitchell emerged from a small blue car to deliver an apology. But he had a Jaguar XF on order . Now Sir George – dubbed the bicycling . baronet for his preferred mode of transport – has pulled the plug before . a final contract was signed. Two weeks after his appointment Mr Mitchell had demanded a dedicated vehicle to ferry him and other whips around the corner in Westminster. While most ministers use an eco-friendly Toyota Prius, Mr Mitchell insisted on a Jaguar XF. But Sir George was appalled at the idea and has cancelled the order. A Whitehall source said: ‘In a nutshell the order had been placed but the contract was never signed. The new chief whip is happy not to have a car.’ The move will save £100,000 for the taxpayer. New Chief Whip Sir George Young, (left) who has cancelled the Jaguar order, has long had a reputation in Westminster as the 'bicycling baronet' for his love of two wheels (right) Mr Mitchell’s demand staggered civil servants since whips do not have public engagements. On September 19 while trying to leave Downing Street on his bike, Mr Mitchell was told by officers to use a side gate. In his extraordinary resignation letter Mr Mitchell denied calling police officers ‘plebs’, as they have claimed, but admitted swearing at them, telling the Prime Minister he had said: ‘I thought you guys were supposed to ****ing  help us.’ This appears to contradict an appearance in the Commons earlier this week when he was seen mouthing the words ‘I didn’t swear’. He said in his letter: ‘Over the last two days it has become clear to me that whatever the rights and wrongs of the matter I will not be able to fulfil my duties as we would both wish.’ David Cameron said he was ‘sorry’ to lose Mr Mitchell but understood why he was leaving. Yesterday the Prime Minister was ridiculed by Labour, because he had replaced Rugby-educated Mr Mitchell with Sir George, who went to Eton.
highlights: Sir George Young pulls the plug on luxury car order saving £100,000 . Mr Mitchell order the limo before being forced to resign for swearing at Downing Street police .
id: 706cc75d44c923abee8bbfd9b44ce5b42922b354
chatgpt: In a move that has been widely hailed as a display of fiscal prudence, Sir George Young has pulled the plug on a luxury car order that would have cost taxpayers an estimated £100,000. The order, which had been placed by former Chief Whip Andrew Mitchell, was for a limousine that would have been used to ferry the MP to and from parliamentary engagements. Mitchell had placed the order before he was forced to resign from his role as Chief Whip in October of last year, following allegations that he had sworn at police officers guarding Downing Street. While Mitchell denies the allegations, the public outcry that followed forced his resignation and put an end to his time as a senior member of the Conservative party. It is not clear how much of the £100,000 order had already been paid for by the government before Sir George pulled the plug, but many are hailing the move as one that demonstrates the government's commitment to fiscal responsibility in the face of an ongoing economic crisis. Speaking to reporters from the Guardian, Sir George explained that he had cancelled the order based on the principle that government spending should always be carefully scrutinized and justified. "We need to ensure that every penny of taxpayers' money is being spent in the most responsible way possible," he said. "This order did not meet that standard, and so we chose to cancel it." While Mitchell himself has not yet commented on the decision to cancel the order, many of his colleagues have expressed disappointment at the move. Some have argued that the order was justified as part of Mitchell's duties as Chief Whip, and that cancelling it could be seen as a failure to support those in positions of authority. However, Sir George and others in the government have been quick to point out that the cancellation of the order is a clear sign that the government is taking the issue of public spending seriously, and is committed to ensuring that all government spending – no matter how small – is accounted for and justified. The move to cancel the luxury car order also comes as part of a broader push within the government to demonstrate its commitment to fiscal responsibility in the face of ongoing economic challenges. With public debt levels still high and economic growth continuing to lag behind expectations, many are calling for more austerity measures to be put in place to rein in government spending and ensure that the country's finances are put on a more sustainable footing. Whether the cancellation of the luxury car order will have any real impact on the government's overall spending plans remains to be seen, but for many it is a welcome sign that the government is finally taking the issue of public spending seriously. With more tough choices likely to be made in the months ahead, it is clear that the question of how best to balance the government's competing priorities will remain a matter of debate and discussion for some time to come.