article: By . Phil Duncan for MailOnline . Follow @@PhilDuncanF1 . Arsenal’s stars were willing to poke fun at themselves in a hilarious new advert. Theo Walcott and Olivier Giroud were among the all-star cast to team up with Stonewall – a lesbian, gay and bisexual rights charity in the UK – to help tackle homophobia in football. Walcott, currently sidelined with a knee injury which saw him miss last summer’s World Cup, is the first to appear on screen. Tan: A bare-chested Oliver Giroud says: 'I can't help I'm gorgeous' before winking to the camera (below left) Hair we go: Giroud flirts with the camera before club captain Mikel Arteta sprays his locks with hairspray . ‘I can’t change that I look like Lewis Hamilton,’ he says in reference to comparisons drawn between the Formula One star and the Arsenal and England forward. Next up is the club’s captain Mikel Arteta. ‘I can’t change that my hair is perfecto,’ the Spaniard says while using hairspray to keep his locks in place. Santi Cazorla – one of the Premier League’s smallest players at just 5ft 6in – then appears, albeit comically with only half of his face on display. ‘I can’t change my height,’ he says during the 30-second advert. ‘I can’t change that I look like a Teenage Ninja Mutant Hero’, adds Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain before crocked Giroud probably provokes the biggest laugh. Out of shot: The advert pokes fun at Santi Cazorla's height. He's one of the shortest in the Premier League . Seeing double: Theo Walcott (left) and Formula One star Lewis Hamilton, pictured at this week's GQ Awards . Spraying his body with fake tan, the Frenchman says: ‘I can’t change that I am gorgeous,’ before winking at the camera. The advert forms part of the Rainbow Laces campaign and was filmed in conjunction with the club's betting partner Paddy Power. Rainbow laces will be distributed to players across the UK for next week’s round of fixtures. The Gunners will face Manchester City at the Emirates. Turtle Football: Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain's former team-mate Emmanuel Frimpong compared him to a Teenage Mutant Hero (below) Arteta, who hopes to return from injury for the eagerly-awaited clash, said: ‘We’re very happy to support the campaign and whilst the advert is a light-hearted look at the things we can’t change, discrimination in football cannot be tolerated and we need to work together to change this.’ Former Aston Villa and West Ham midfielder Thomas Hitzlsperger, the only openly gay player to have played in the Premier League, added: 'I’m proud to be working with Stonewall on the Rainbow Lace campaign. I want to show that being gay and a professional footballer is something that’s normal. 'The perceived contradiction between playing football, the man’s game, and being homosexual is nonsense.'
highlights: Mikel Arteta and Santi Cazorla also starred in the hilarious advert . Cazorla, one of the smallest players in the Premier League, pokes fun at his height, while Giroud is seen covering himself in spray tan . Stars featuring in Rainbow Laces campaign aimed at helping to tackle homophobia in football .
id: 02bac9ea68b2fdeb8d89a91bfef1088227eb2ad0
chatgpt: The Rainbow Laces campaign has taken the football world by storm, with a host of stars from the world of football lending their support to this incredible cause. The campaign aims to tackle homophobia in football, and has been gaining widespread support from players, managers and fans alike. One of the latest additions to the campaign is a hilarious advert featuring Arsenal stars Mikel Arteta, Santi Cazorla and Olivier Giroud. Cazorla, who is widely regarded as one of the smallest players in the Premier League, pokes fun at his height in the advert, while Giroud is seen covering himself in spray tan. The advert has been making waves in the football world, with fans praising the players for their support of the campaign. The Rainbow Laces campaign is aimed at promoting equality and inclusion within football, and these Arsenal stars are helping to lead the way. Arteta and Cazorla are both known for their sense of humour, and this advert shows that they are not afraid to poke fun at themselves for a good cause. The pair playfully tease each other throughout the advert, with Cazorla making fun of Arteta's bald head and Arteta joking about Cazorla's height. Giroud, meanwhile, takes centre stage as he covers himself in spray tan, in a hilarious nod to the world of image-conscious footballers. His appearance in the advert demonstrates just how much support the campaign is receiving, with high-profile players from across the Premier League lending their voices to the cause. The Rainbow Laces campaign is about more than just football, it is about promoting tolerance and acceptance in all aspects of life. By showing their support for the campaign, Arteta, Cazorla and Giroud are sending a message that bigotry and discrimination have no place in the beautiful game. The advert has been praised for its lighthearted tone, and for the way that it manages to use humour to tackle an important issue. The aim of the campaign is to help make football a more inclusive, welcoming environment for everyone, regardless of their sexual orientation. By raising awareness of the campaign in this way, the Arsenal stars are playing a vital role in helping to change attitudes towards homosexuality in football. They are challenging stereotypes and prejudices, and encouraging others to do the same. Overall, the Rainbow Laces campaign is a powerful symbol of the strides that are being made in the battle against homophobia in football. With the support of players like Mikel Arteta, Santi Cazorla and Olivier Giroud, it is clear that the message is getting through loud and clear.