article: (CNN) -- Tiger Woods offered glimpses of a return to the form that secured him 14-major championships as he fired an opening round 68 at the Bridgestone Invitational. Playing his first tournament for nearly three months after an injury lay-off, Woods finished day one in Ohio at two-under-par, six behind leader Adam Scott, of Australia. With three birdies and just one bogey Woods looked in good touch in his first competitive action since he dropped out of The Players Championship back in May. After his round he told Sky Sports: "I felt good today, I hit the ball really flush. The hardest part was to control my distance. It was fun. "I've got much more speed and compression through impact and the ball is taking off. I was hitting numbers I haven't hit before." Asked what he missed most about being away from the game he replied: "The competition, by far. "I'm right there. Six back, three rounds to go I'll keep plugging forward and playing my way round the golf course. It's fun to be walking around pain free." He fared much better than his playing partner, British Open champion Darren Clarke, who eagled the eighth hole but slumped to a seven-over round of 77. Scott is one shot ahead of compatriot Jason Day, who finished the day on seven-under after a bogey-free 63. American Nick Watney is third on five-under and nine players are a shot back on four-under, including Denmark's Thomas Bjorn and American Stewart Cink. Phil Mickelson is on three-under. "I really enjoy playing against the best golfers in the world on the biggest stage," Day told the PGA Tour's official web site. "I've always wanted to play on the big stage, and I'm finally here. I just want to keep the year going in the right direction. I don't want to go backwards. "My putter was good all day. It felt like it was a boring kind of a game. It was down the middle, on the green, and every two or three holes was a birdie." U.S. Open champion Rory McIlroy, who said on Wednesday he is close to renewing his card on the PGA Tour in America, matched Woods with a round of two-under. On his potential return to the U.S. Tour he said: "It's something I've thought about, especially after winning at Congressional. I'd like to give it another go. "Ninety-five percent of me wants to come over here, and it was just making sure everything is in place by next year to make sure that coming over here and playing is as easy as possible logistically, get a place over here and maybe spend three or four months at the start of the year here." The world's number one and two players, English duo Luke Donald and Lee Westwood, finished with opening round scores of 68 and 67 respectively.
highlights: Tiger Woods cards a two-under round of 68 on his return to golf . Former world number one sits six shots off the lead at Bridgestone Invitational . Australian Adam Scott leads the tournament on eight-under-par . British Open champion Darren Clarke is joint last on seven-over .
id: 724719ee9d4656b0f603d68e047f7641b163fb00
chatgpt: Tiger Woods, the legendary golfer, made a much-anticipated return to professional golf after an extended absence due to injury. Woods played at the Bridgestone Invitational in Ohio and showed his mettle by carding a two-under round of 68. The former world number one was six shots off the lead, which was held by Australian Adam Scott at eight-under-par. Woods had been out of the game for more than a year due to a series of injuries that hampered him, but he seemed to be in good form as he embarked on his comeback. The Bridgestone Invitational is the perfect place for Woods to make a splash as he won the event eight times in his illustrious career. Woods’s fans were overjoyed to see him back in action and performing well. His round included five birdies and three bogeys, which showed that he still has the ability to compete at the highest level. Woods was pleased with his performance and said that he was building on his progress. Scott, who has been in fine form this season, took the early lead at the tournament. He played a flawless round of golf, including an eagle on the second hole, to surge ahead of the rest of the field. Scott is a former world number one himself and has shown that he is among the best golfers playing today. He will be hoping to continue his good form and win the event. British Open champion, Darren Clarke, was not having the best of times at the tournament. He was joint last on seven-over-par and looked out of sorts. Clarke was unable to get going and struggled on the greens. His performance was a surprise given his recent form, but golf is a game of ups and downs. The Bridgestone Invitational is a part of the PGA Tour, and it features the best golfers in the world. The tournament has a rich history, and many top players have won the event over the years. It is played over four rounds, and the winner is the player with the lowest score after all four rounds. Woods is using this tournament as a warm-up for the upcoming PGA Championship, which is one of the four majors in professional golf. Woods has won the PGA Championship four times in his career and will be looking to add another title to his impressive tally. Overall, the first round of the Bridgestone Invitational was an exciting and closely contested affair. With Woods back in action, the tournament has taken on added significance. The golfing world will be eagerly watching to see how Woods performs over the next few days and whether he can repeat his past successes at the event.