article: After duping Irish and Canadian authorities with horrific tales of being a child sexual abuse victim, serial troublemaker Samantha Azzopardi is returning home to Australia this week. The 26-year-old from Sydney, who has used more than 40 aliases, was considered a flight risk and so devious Canadian authorities decided to keep her locked up until she boarded a flight back to Australia on Tuesday. A Canadian Border Security Agency officer will escort Azzopardi on the flight, the Calgary Herald reported. Samantha Azzopardi is returning home to Australia this week after duping Canadian and Irish authorities . The 26-year-old from Sydney (pictured in Canada) fabricated horrific tales of being a child sexual abuse victim . 'Ms Azzopardi has a long history of impersonating others, lying and committing fraud,' hearing officer Rhonda Macklin, at immigration proceedings in Calgary, said. When Azzopardi  (pictured) was found wandering the streets of Dublin, Ireland, last year she led authorities to believe she was a teenage sex-trafficking victim from eastern Europe . When Azzopardi was found wandering the streets of Dublin, Ireland, last year she led authorities to believe she was a teenage sex-trafficking victim from eastern Europe. Azzopardi drew pictures apparently showing herself being raped, forcing Irish police to release the photo of her in a bid to find her identity. Irish authorities spent $375,000 on the investigation before discovering she was an Australian con artist and not a child. Just six months after Azzopardi was deported from Ireland she managed to obtain an Australian passport and return to Ireland where she working as an au pair. On September 16 this year Azzopardi, using the alias Aurora Hepburn, walked into a Calgary clinic claiming she was 14 and had been a victim of an abduction, sexual assault and torture. Canadian authorities spent $157,000 on their investigation before realising Azzopardi was the woman the Irish media dubbed a 'Walter-Mitty-like con artist', referring to the daydreamer character in The Secret Life of Walter Mitty created by author James Thurber that has been played by Danny Kaye and Ben Stiller in Hollywood films. Azzopardi was charged with public mischief in Calgary and faced a maximum sentence of five years in prison, but after pleading guilty she was sentenced to the two months she had already served in custody. A Canadian Border Security Agency officer will escort Azzopardi on the flight back to Australia .
highlights: Samantha Azzopardi told Canadian authorities she was a child sex victim . Last year she claimed she was a teen sex trafficking victim in Ireland . The 26-year-old woman from Sydney has used more than 40 aliases . Azzopardi is being deported and will return to Australia this week .
id: 362b377bf951e1a67eefe09944aa3649bff27782
chatgpt: Samantha Azzopardi, a 26-year-old woman from Sydney, is being deported from Canada after telling authorities that she was a child sex victim. Azzopardi, who has used over 40 aliases, was detained in Edmonton, Canada, when she attempted to enter the country using a fake passport. Her arrest follows a similar incident last year when Azzopardi claimed she was a teen sex trafficking victim in Ireland. In her latest ordeal, Azzopardi reportedly told Canadian authorities that she was a victim of child sex abuse and had fled her abusers in Australia. She also claimed that she suffered from mental illness, including dissociative identity disorder, which may explain her use of multiple identities. Azzopardi's story has drawn attention to ongoing concerns over child trafficking and exploitation. Advocates say that while it is important to protect victims, it is also important to identify those who may be perpetrating the abuse. They also stress the need for improved mental health services for survivors of abuse. According to Australian media reports, Azzopardi has a troubled past that includes multiple arrests and hospitalizations for mental health issues. Her story has also attracted international attention due to the numerous false identities she has used to evade authorities. Azzopardi's deportation from Canada will see her return to Australia this week, where she will likely face questions from Australian authorities about her claims of abuse. There is no word yet on whether any charges will be brought against her. The case of Samantha Azzopardi highlights the complex issues surrounding child abuse and exploitation, as well as mental health and identity. While her claims of abuse demand attention and protection, her use of false identities also raises questions about accountability and legal responsibility. As the international community continues to grapple with the issue of child abuse and trafficking, the case of Samantha Azzopardi serves as a reminder that there is still much work to be done to protect the most vulnerable members of society.