article: A waitress has claimed that she contracted herpes from a MAC lipstick endorsed by Rihanna at one of the singer's concerts. Starkeema Greenidge, 28, developed mouth sores after a MAC Cosmetics representative applied the 'RiRi Woo' lipstick on her as she attended a show in Brooklyn, New York, she claims in a lawsuit. She is now suing MAC, which launched Rihanna's lipstick in May, after she suffered emotional distress from the ordeal. She was unable to work for two weeks, causing a loss of earnings, she says. Lawsuit: A woman has claimed she contracted herpes from a MAC lipstick endorsed by Rihanna, pictured, after a representative applied some on her at the singer's concert in Brooklyn in May . Greenidge was . at the Rihanna concert at the Barclay's Center on May 7 when she stopped at a MAC . Cosmetics pop-up counter, according to the lawsuit, the New York Daily News reported. A representative used a tube of the . lipstick on her, and when Greenidge asked if it was clean, the woman . replied, 'Yeah, yeah, yeah', Greenidge claims. The employee applied the RiRi Woo red lipstick to her upper lip and instructed her to 'press her lips together and spread the lipstick around', according to the suit. The representative 'didn’t use a fresh or new lipstick tube, but rather one that had been used for other patrons,' the suit alleges. Two days later, Greenidge developed a cold sore on her lip and her doctor diagnosed it as herpes. It caused her mental anguish and emotional distress, she says in her lawsuit. 'I wasn't able to work for two weeks,' Greenidge told the Daily News. 'It cost me a lot of money.' Product: She said she got herpes from a bottle of RiRi Woo, pictured left, that was being applied to concert-goers at a MAC Cosmetics counter at the Barclays Center in May, right . Show: The woman is suing MAC rather than Rihanna, pictured on her Diamonds tour this week . She is now suing MAC - not Rihanna - for . an unspecified amount and said she brought the case because she wants . the company to be more hygienic in the future. Her lawsuit said the company 'should have known... it was unsanitary and exposing patrons to possible spread of disease'. She added that staff should be trained to use disposable tubes or swabs to apply the lipstick. 'This is going to happen over and over again if nothing is done,' Greenidge said. Rihanna signed a deal with MAC Cosmetics in February for her own line, including the RiRi Woo lipstick, which sold out within minutes of being released on May 2. MAC officials did not respond to a request for comment.
highlights: Starkeema Greenidge 'could not work for weeks, causing a loss of income'
id: 8d1a8af8fa0d89eae26f4a87c976c6f7ed6b1855
chatgpt: Starkeema Greenidge, a Brooklyn resident, has been left in financial distress after “bad” hair extensions led to her undergoing emergency surgery. The 28-year-old claims that her scalp began to itch soon after applying the extensions, and that it later became inflamed and started to swell. She sought medical attention at a local hospital where she underwent surgery to remove an abscess which had formed in the infected area. Greenidge says she had to take weeks off work, losing income as a result of the injury. “I was in a lot of pain, and I couldn’t work for weeks,” she said. “It put me in a really difficult position because I had bills to pay and I wasn’t able to make any money.” The hair extensions were purchased from a beauty store in Queens, and the salon that applied them has since closed down. Greenidge believes that an ingredient in the hair caused the reaction, and that the salon should have done more to test for allergies before applying the extensions. This incident has once again raised the issue of regulation within the beauty industry. Unlike other countries, the US beauty industry is largely unregulated, meaning that customers are left to take their chances when visiting salons or purchasing beauty products.  It is also the second time this year that a customer has suffered due to hair extensions, following the story of a London woman who was left temporarily bald after using a glue-based hair extension product which was later banned. Greenidge has since set up a GoFundMe page to help cover her medical and living expenses while she recovers. She says that she is considering legal action against the beauty store and salon responsible for her injury. Charlotte Miles, a New York-based beauty industry expert, says that it is important for customers to do their own research before attempting to use hair extensions or any other beauty products. “The beauty industry can be a bit of a wild west at times, so it’s important to do your research and make sure that you’re in safe hands,” she said. “Look for salons and stores with good reviews, and always check that the products they’re using are of a good quality.” Greenidge’s story is a stark reminder of the dangers that can come with using beauty products without proper knowledge or care. It is important for customers to take steps to protect themselves, but it is also vital that regulatory bodies take steps to ensure that the beauty industry is more tightly regulated in order to prevent incidents like this from happening in the future.