article: Country superstar Luke Bryan, 38, and his wife have taken in their orphaned nephew after the teen lost both parents unexpectedly. Luke and his wife Caroline, are now looking after 13-year-old Til following the death of his father, Ben 'Lee 'Cheshire - Luke's brother-in-law - in November. He was 46. Til lost his mother, Luke's sister Kelly, seven years before when she died suddenly in May 2007 at age 39. Lee had remained close with the Bryan family since then. Til (pictured center) sits between Country superstar Luke Bryan and his wife, Caroline, at the American Country Countdown Awards in mid-December. Til is now living with the couple following the death of his father, Lee . Luke's sister Kelly (pictured left with him) died in May 2007, leaving her husband Lee (pictured right) to raise their three children. Lee died in late November 2014 and Luke has taken in their youngest child . The youngest of Lee's three children with Kelly, Til has two older sisters, Jordan and Kris. Following the death of Til's father, Like moved the boy into his Nashville home to live with him and wife Carolina and their two sons Bo and Tate. The 'Play It Again' singer, even took his nephew to the American Country Countdown Awards in December - a few weeks after his father's death - and the teen sat between Luke and Caroline. Til's older sisters are regular visitors and the Bryan family are helping them get through their loss. 'We feel like if we just stay positive through this, maybe we'll be a positive inspiration for people that had these things happen to 'em,' Bryan told ABC News. 'You just have to plow on and play the hand that's dealt.' Luke and his wife Caroline have opened their home in Nashville, Tennessee, to Til, 13, who joins them and their own sons Bo and Tate. Til's older sisters Jordan and Kris are regular visitors . Luke Bryan (pictured center) with his older siblings, sister Kelly (left) and brother Chris (right), both passed away young, his sister aged 39 in 2007, and his brother in car accident in 1996 aged 26 . Luke canceled an appearance at the CMT Artists of the Year Special, at which he was an honoree, to attend his late brother-in-law's funeral in early December 2014. The country music community rallied around Luke and his family, and the band Lady Antebellum teamed up with songwriter Chris Stapleton to perform Luke's hit, 'Drink A Beer'. The song has deep significance for Luke, who recorded it in 2013 in memory of his late sister and his brother, Chris, who died in a car accident in 1996 aged 26. In February 2014 the song became Luke's seventh number one on the Billboard Country Airplay chart.
highlights: Country singer Luke Bryan has taken in his teenage nephew after the unexpected death of his brother-in-law, Lee, in late November . Lee, 46, was widowed in 2007 when Luke's sister, Kelly, died of unknown causes aged 39 . She left her husband to care for their three children - girls Jordan and Kris and their 13-year-old son Til . Til joins Luke, his wife Caroline, and their two sons Bo and Tate at the family home in Nashville . His older sisters visit regularly as the family tries to stay positive in the hope they will be an inspiration to people in similar situations .
id: 1e24b85c8bf3f89e9e7261c47c095b3ce43801a2
chatgpt: In late November, country singer Luke Bryan faced a tragedy that would change his family forever. His brother-in-law, Lee, unexpectedly passed away, leaving behind his three children. Luke's sister, Kelly, had died in 2007 at the age of 39, leaving behind her husband to care for their children: Jordan, Kris, and their 13-year-old son, Til. In light of these circumstances, Luke has taken Til under his wing and welcomed him into his own family. Til now joins Luke, his wife Caroline, and their two sons Bo and Tate at their home in Nashville. While his older sisters still live with Lee's family, they visit regularly and the family tries to stay positive in the hope that they will serve as an inspiration to others going through similar situations. Taking in Til was no small task, but Luke and Caroline were more than up to the challenge. They recognized that this was a difficult time for everyone involved, but they were determined to provide Til with the love and care he needed to grow and succeed. In a statement released shortly after taking Til in, Luke expressed his gratitude for the opportunity to raise his nephew, stating, "Til is the most amazing kid. Great student, great athlete. I'm lucky to get to be his guardian. And he's thriving. Til moved in with us over Christmas, and it's been an incredible bonding experience for all of us. The best thing is just giving Til a stable home life. It's amazing how quickly he's adapted." While the family is still grieving the loss of Lee, they are doing their best to stay positive and support each other through this difficult time. Luke and Caroline have opened their hearts and home to Til, providing him with a sense of stability and belonging that is truly priceless. Fans and followers of Luke Bryan have shown their support and admiration for the family's strength and resilience. Many have taken to social media to share their love and encouragement for Luke, Caroline, Til, and the entire family. In a year that has already brought so much uncertainty and tragedy to so many, it's heartening to see a family come together in this way. Luke Bryan and his family have shown us all the power of love and kindness in the face of adversity.