article: By . Olivia Williams . PUBLISHED: . 19:44 EST, 7 June 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 06:35 EST, 8 June 2013 . Rumble in the jungle: Controversy surrounding Nadine Dorries' Australian sojourn for 'I'm A Celebrity...Get Me Out Of Here!' continues to haunt her . Nadine Dorries is to be probed by the expenses watchdog over claims she received an undeclared fee for appearing on I’m a Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here!. The maverick Tory MP was the first to be voted off the reality TV programme when she featured as a contestant last year – without telling party officials first. In November, she left behind her Mid Bedfordshire constituents in favour of a televised stay in the Australian jungle, causing much ill-feeling back home. Miss Dorries has said she did not personally benefit from the appearance but agreed to obey a Commons ruling. She insisted that she has yet to declare any payment in the Commons register of members’ interests, saying none was made to her. Saying that she had a company, she added: 'When I benefit personally from that I will have to declare it to the register.' Posting on Twitter, an indignant Miss . Dorries wrote: 'LABOUR MP John Mann reported me to Standards . Commissioner for undeclared earnings. Anything I earn, I declare . IMMEDIATELY.' She continued: 'If I haven't declared . anything, it's because I haven't earnt anything. I must be the most . hounded MP in Parliament.' Miss Dorries defended herself by saying: 'I'm a backbencher, not a minister. 'My personal finances are my business and nobody else's and if I choose to take money from the company then I will declare it immediately to the standards commissioner.' Payment argument: Miss Dorries insists that she did not 'benefit personally' from her star turn on I'm A Celebrity...Get Me Out Of Here! Back in Westminster: Nadine Dorries in her day job as a Conservative backbencher . Matthew Sinclair of the TaxPayers' Alliance said: 'It is absolutely right that MPs have to publicise any additional income they receive for other work. It helps constituents to make an informed judgement about their MP's performance at election time.' 'Mid Bedfordshire residents already have the right to feel let down after Nadine Dorries abandoned them for the jungle - but if she has failed to be straight about what she was paid for the caper, that will only add insult to injury.' She is already under investigation by the Independent Parliamentary Standards Authority over expenses allegations. The Conservative party suspended her in November but the party whip was returned to her in May.
highlights: Nadine Dorries will be probed over her fee for ITV role last year . Dorries tweeted angrily: 'I must be the most hounded MP in Parliament' She was suspended from Tory party for heading to Australia unannounced .
id: 794b21d35084619147a2b7f47915d5889a0b131c
chatgpt: UK politician Nadine Dorries is set to be investigated over her fee for an ITV reality TV show that aired last year. The Conservative MP has been at the center of controversy in recent years following her suspension from the party for taking an unannounced trip to Australia. Dorries appeared on the reality show "I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here!" in 2012, while still serving as an MP. At the time, she was heavily criticized for her decision to take part in the show, with many doubting her commitment to her parliamentary work. Now, it has emerged that she may also face scrutiny for her fee for appearing on the show. The parliamentary commissioner for standards will investigate the matter, after a complaint was made by the SNP's Pete Wishart. Dorries has hit back at the news on Twitter, claiming that she is being unfairly targeted. She tweeted: "I must be the most hounded MP in Parliament. You'd think I was the only one who's ever done anything outside of Westminster!" The investigation comes just days after Dorries hit the headlines for a different reason. She was suspended from the Conservative party after it emerged that she had traveled to Australia without informing her constituency office or party officials. The move prompted accusations that she was neglecting her duties as an MP, with many calling for her resignation. However, Dorries has refused to step down, accusing her critics of waging a "smear campaign" against her. The MP has also faced further criticism in recent weeks over allegations that she breached parliamentary rules by employing her daughter, Philippa, as a part-time member of staff. Dorries has vehemently denied any wrongdoing, insisting that her daughter was employed in a legitimate capacity and that she had declared her employment to the parliamentary authorities. Despite her many controversies, Dorries remains a popular figure in some quarters of the Conservative party. She is known for her outspoken views on a range of issues, and has been a vocal critic of Theresa May's Brexit deal. The investigation into her fee for appearing on "I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here!" is likely to add further fuel to the ongoing debate over Dorries' fitness to serve as an MP.  Some will see this as yet another example of the MP putting her own interests ahead of her constituents, while others may view it as part of a wider campaign to undermine her abilities as a politician and a public figure. For now, however, the investigation will proceed in due course, and all eyes will be on Nadine Dorries as she faces yet another battle to clear her name.