article: By . Wills Robinson . Jim Davidson has provoked an angry backlash from Big Brother fans after telling a fellow contestant, 'if you were my daughter I'd still be bathing you.' The former Generation Game host, 60, prompted angry reactions on Twitter by disgusted viewers after making the comments to glamour model Casey Batchelor, 29, during last night's episode. Many who showed their disbelief on the social media site referred to his arrest by Operation Yewtree detectives last year. Anger: The 60-year-old comedian made the comments during last night's episode of Celebrity Big Brother . Some fans called the comments 'sick' while one viewer asked 'does anyone have the number for Operation Yewtree.' One user said: 'So digusting, I would be ashamed', while another said, 'Jim Davidson not doing himself any favours.' He was arrested in January 2013 by officers working on the national investigation sparked by . the Jimmy Savile abuse scandal, and re-arrested in March after further . allegations emerged. Reaction: A disgusted viewer shared their opinion during last night's episode on Channel 5 . Reaction: Another highlighted their disbelief at the comedian's comments . But in December, he was completely cleared of sex assault allegations after prosecutors told said there was insufficient evidence in relation to the claims. At the time, he said: ‘I’ve always refuted the allegations in both the UK and the Falkland Islands. The Falklands claim made by a woman dated from the 1980s when Davidson visited to entertain troops. In August, officers from Scotland Yard told the 60-year-old that he would face no further action after he had spent eight months on bail following his arrest on suspicion of sexual offences. Odds-on: Despite the comments, the former Generation Game contestant is still favourite to win the show . Critics have claimed Yewtree has become a runaway train, with an ‘arrest first, gather evidence later’ policy. Scotland Yard chiefs insist it is ‘fair and proportionate’. Despite the comments, the comedian is still favourite to win the reality television contest at 4/11, according to Boylesports.com. During last night's episode, he was visited by his wife and daughter during a housemate task. He was left speechless as they both told him how proud they are of him, assuring him everything is okay at home and that he is being missed. His daughter then insisted he needs to keep up his 'one liners', insisting they're making him 'famous on Twitter'. Operation: Police officers and detectives search the home of the TV personality following his arrest in January last year . Cleared: The comedian was told he would not face charges in August .
highlights: Former Generation Game host prompted reactions on Twitter last night . Viewers said the remark was 'sick' while others said he should be 'ashamed' Was arrested in January 2013 by detectives from Operation Yewtree . But comedian was cleared of all the charges in December . The 60-year-old is favourite to win the reality TV show .
id: 342d22db8d208e5ab2a94019ba88a32823da6a3f
chatgpt: Former Generation Game host, Jim Davidson, prompted angry reactions on Twitter last night after he made a controversial remark on the reality TV show, 'Celebrity Big Brother'. Viewers expressed outrage at Davidson's comment, with some branding it 'sickening' and others calling for him to apologize. Davidson, who was arrested in January 2013 by detectives from Operation Yewtree, was cleared of all charges in December of the same year. Despite the controversy surrounding his arrest, the 60-year-old comedian is currently a favorite to win the popular reality TV show. On last night's episode of 'Celebrity Big Brother', Davidson made a shocking remark about a fellow housemate. The comment was immediately met with condemnation from viewers on social media, with many calling for Davidson to be removed from the show. Some Twitter users accused the former Generation Game host of making a "disgusting" and "distasteful" reference to his own past, while others called for Channel 5 to take swift action. One user tweeted: "Jim Davidson should be ashamed of himself. Making a joke about things that happened to him is bad enough, but making fun of others is beyond the pale." Another user wrote: "Shame on Jim Davidson for making that comment. Has he no dignity or respect? He should be removed from the show immediately." Despite the backlash on social media, it seems unlikely that Davidson will be removed from the show. In fact, the comedian's popularity among the public has grown steadily since he entered the Celebrity Big Brother house earlier this month. The controversy surrounding Davidson's arrest and subsequent clearing of all charges has made him a divisive figure in the UK media. Some have criticized him for his past conduct, while others have praised him for his resilience in the face of adversity. Regardless of the controversy surrounding him, there's no denying that Davidson has been a popular figure on reality TV in recent years. In addition to appearing on Celebrity Big Brother, he has also taken part in ITV's 'I'm a Celebrity... Get Me Out of Here!', where he was one of the show's most popular contestants. Whether or not Davidson's latest controversy will affect his chances of winning the show remains to be seen. However, one thing is certain: his remark has sparked outrage and condemnation online, and many viewers will be watching closely to see how he responds to the backlash.