article: Editor's note: The staff at CNN.com has been intrigued by the journalism of Vice, an independent media company and Web site based in Brooklyn, New York. Motherboard.tv is Vice's site devoted to the overlap between culture and technology. The reports, which are being produced solely by Vice, reflect a very transparent approach to journalism, where viewers are taken along on every step of the reporting process. We believe this unique approach is worthy of sharing with our CNN.com readers. Brooklyn, New York (Motherboard.tv) -- Jason Sapan, as his birth certificate calls him, is sort of like a laser Doc Brown, and his cluttered New York studio-laboratory (replete with devoted interns) feels something like a time machine, a living ode to a seemingly obsolete art. But listen to him tell his story, take a look around his space, and you might agree that there's no more accurate way of representing the world than with holography. The walls bear witness to his cachet at the height of the holographic era: Andy Warhol, Pierre Cardin, Cher, Bill Clinton, Sally Jesse Raphael, Ed Koch and Isaac Asimov have all sat for Doctor Laser. His laser lighting has been used at the original Studio 54, on CBS, in print advertising for Macy's and Revlon, on Broadway, for book and magazine covers, and a number of music videos, including a starring role in one by "Flock of Seagulls" which landed him the first on-air credit in a video on MTV. In 2001, the producers of Vanilla Sky asked him to help them design a saxophone-playing hologram (Rest assured: it had nothing to do with this.) Watch the rest of Doctor Laser at Motherboard.tv . While colorful, moving holograms that float in midair remain the stuff of science-fiction, Doctor Laser has pieced together a reality that's much stranger: his studio in Midtown Manhattan, tucked into a former blacksmith's forge, is a veritable wonder cabinet of dancing 3-D imagery, flashing lasers and homemade holography equipment. "To be able to take the ordinary, and work with whatever's at hand, and turn it into a technological miracle" is what Doctor Laser says excites him most. "'You could have picked this up at Radio Shack. Why are you building it yourself, Doctor?' he says, imitating one of his gaggle of mad, devoted interns. "Because I can." However, being one of the last people at the party is always tough, and in spite of current 3-D obsessions, getting the world to come back to the party seems even tougher. But he's not giving up. Besides providing lasers for wild parties, music videos, school trips and being commissioned by a former candidate for the presidency of Uruguay to produce eight original pieces, he's determined to see that President Obama becomes the first sitting president to pose for a hologram. "Delusion isn't always a bad thing," he says. Neither is illusion -- especially when it's made with homemade lenses and lasers.
highlights: Jason Sapan, aka Doctor Laser, has devoted his life to holograms . Sapan has created holographic portraits of Andy Warhol, Bill Clinton, Isaac Asimov . His laser lighting has been used in print ads for Macy's and a "Flock of Seagulls" music video .
id: 871c1f6f7e67bcd892535d6c74b41e03ecfbb7d0
chatgpt: In the world of holograms, there is one man that stands out above the rest: Jason Sapan. Known throughout the industry as Doctor Laser, Sapan has devoted his life to the creation and development of holographic technology. His work has graced the halls of some of the world's most prestigious museums and galleries, and his laser lighting has been used in everything from print ads to music videos. For Sapan, the journey to becoming Doctor Laser began in the 1970s, when he first became interested in holography while attending New York University. He quickly became obsessed with the art form, studying under some of the world's leading holographers and devoting every waking moment to perfecting his craft. Over the years, Sapan's work has included some of the most innovative and groundbreaking holographic creations ever made. He has created holographic portraits of some of the world's most iconic figures, including Andy Warhol, Bill Clinton, and Isaac Asimov. His work has been displayed in some of the world's leading museums and galleries, and has been praised for its incredible attention to detail and stunningly realistic depictions. But Sapan's work is not limited to the world of art. In fact, his laser lighting has been used in a number of commercial applications as well. Perhaps most notably, his laser lighting was used in a print ad campaign for Macy's department stores, helping to create a truly immersive and engaging experience for customers. And in the music industry, Sapan's work has been used in a number of music videos, including the iconic "Flock of Seagulls" video for their hit song, "I Ran". Despite the incredible success that Sapan has enjoyed over the years, he remains a humble and dedicated artist at heart. He continues to experiment with new techniques and innovations, always striving to push the boundaries of what is possible with holographic technology. For those looking to learn more about the world of holography, Sapan is an incredible resource. He has authored a number of books and articles on the subject, and is always happy to share his knowledge and expertise with others. And for anyone looking to experience the wonder and magic of holographic art firsthand, there is simply no better place to start than with the incredible work of Doctor Laser himself. In the end, Sapan's legacy is sure to endure for many years to come. Through his relentless passion and dedication to the art of holography, he has helped to transform the way we think about light, space, and dimensionality. And for anyone seeking to understand the true potential of this incredible technology, there is simply no better guide than the incomparable Doctor Laser.