article: By . Simon Walters . PUBLISHED: . 18:46 EST, 4 January 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 18:46 EST, 4 January 2014 . A controversial plan for Tory and UKIP supporters to ‘swap votes’ to keep Ed Miliband out of No 10 and ensure Britain gets the chance to leave the European Union has been launched by writer and political campaigner Toby Young. His ‘Country Before Party’ scheme aims to stop UKIP robbing the Tories of the Commons seats they need to defeat Labour in the next Election. Mr Young claims it would give UKIP leader Nigel Farage and a handful of his candidates a chance of winning seats. Swap: David Cameron, left, could find it easier to retain Downing Street if UKIP supporters agree to vote Tory in key seats. In return, Conservative voters in other areas could support UKIP, led by Nigel Farage (right) He plans to set up a website  to enable UKIP and Tory supporters in different constituencies to pledge to ‘exchange votes’. Polling experts last night cast doubt on whether the scheme could work, given the Tories had more to gain than UKIP. But Tory-supporting Mr Young, who has won praise  for setting up a free school in London, says he is determined to give it a try. He said: ‘Whatever their party allegiances, most people are in favour of a referendum on the EU. But the Tory-UKIP split could let Ed Miliband into Downing Street. And he’s said that unless circumstances change he will not allow a vote on our future in Europe.’ John Curtice, professor of politics at the University of Strathclyde, said: ‘Such a scheme could only hope to make a significant difference to the composition of the next House of Commons if the Election race were much closer than it is at present. ‘It could prove nigh impossible to find even a dozen seats in which sufficient Tory voters could be persuaded to switch to UKIP. Consequently, the idea looks at risk of seeming to offer UKIP too little.’
highlights: Controversial scheme aims to stop UKIP winning key Conservative seats . In return Tory voters could help UKIP take their first seats in the Commons . But polling experts have doubted whether the scheme could work .
id: cd8669ffdb9b7883193b16dbb4a7d4025082abe7
chatgpt: A controversial scheme has emerged in the UK elections, with the aim of preventing UKIP from winning key Conservative seats. The scheme involves Tory voters tactically voting for UKIP in order to give the anti-EU party their first seats in the Commons.  However, polling experts have expressed doubt over whether such a scheme could work. In the past, attempts to change voting patterns in order to prevent a particular outcome have not always had the desired effect. This tactic, known as tactical voting, has been widely debated in the lead up to the election. Proponents of tactical voting argue that it is a necessary strategy to prevent undesirable outcomes, such as UKIP winning seats in the Commons. Critics, on the other hand, argue that it undermines the democratic process by encouraging voters to vote not for who they support, but for who they think can best prevent an undesirable outcome. While details of the scheme itself are still scarce, it is clear that it hinges on Conservative voters who are opposed to UKIP using their vote to ensure that the right-wing party does not triumph in key constituencies. In return, some UKIP voters may be encouraged to vote Conservative in marginal seats. The scheme has been met with mixed reactions. Supporters of the strategy argue that it is a necessary tactic to prevent UKIP from gaining ground in the political landscape. Opponents argue that it is a manipulative strategy that undermines the democratic process. Polling experts have expressed doubts over whether the scheme could actually work. In the past, attempts to change voting patterns have not always had the desired effect. Furthermore, UKIP's support has been growing in recent years, and it remains to be seen whether the scheme will be enough to prevent the party from winning seats in key Conservative constituencies. Despite the concerns, the scheme is likely to continue to be debated in the lead up to the election. As both the Conservative and UKIP parties vie for support, the role of tactical voting in the political process is set to remain a contentious issue.