article: Tripoli, Libya (CNN) -- Two Gadhafi loyalists and one National Transitional Council fighter were killed Friday in the Abu Salim neighborhood of Tripoli, an NTC member told reporters. A group of about 10 Gadhafi loyalists had entered the streets of Abu Salim waving green flags and holding a picture of the ousted Libyan leader in a move to draw NTC fighters into the neighborhood, which has remained largely loyal to Gadhafi, council member Abdelrazaq Al Aradi said. When anti-Gadhafi forces responded by entering the streets, the loyalists opened fire, Al Aradi said. Afterward, Omar Khadrawi, the assistant to the interior minister, directed a message through reporters to any remaining loyalists. "Their names have been discovered and the information about them receiving weapons is in the hands of the security now," he said. He added that he was offering them "a last chance" to hand in their weapons to authorities. On Friday evening, the mood on the streets of the capital was tense. Heavily manned checkpoints dotted the streets en route to Abu Salim. Fighters and area residents told CNN that a small number of Gadhafi supporters started looting and burning cars after Friday prayers. NTC fighters, some drawn from other neighborhoods, responded quickly. Witnesses and fighters said a number of Gadhafi loyalists were detained. Reports conflicted on whether they were armed. Later in the evening, gunshots could be heard in a number of neighborhoods in the city. Al Aradi told CNN separately that NTC fighters think they have captured the organizer of clashes Friday in the Tajoura neighborhood of eastern Tripoli. On Friday, the U.N. human rights office raised the issue of the number of prisoners in Libya and their treatment. "It could be up to 7,000," said Mona Rishmawi, a senior official with the group in Geneva, Switzerland. "At this stage, there is no police infrastructure, there is no prison authorities. The prison authorities were under the Justice Ministry and, right now, the Justice Ministry is not fully functional." "There is allegations and evidence of torture" in the prisons, she said, citing lawyers, clients and human rights groups. CNN's Raja Razek and Ingrid Formanek contributed to this report.
highlights: 2 Gadhafi loyalists and a NTC fighter killed, NTC member says . Tripoli streets are tense Friday night . U.N. human rights official cites evidence of torture of prisoners held by the NTC .
id: 1d10cc1991f4b019cabf879dabbf8a4d5bcf3289
chatgpt: On Friday night, Tripoli streets were on high alert after reports of three fatalities emerged from the Libyan capital. According to an NTC member, two loyalists of former dictator Muammar Gadhafi were killed in addition to a fighter of the National Transitional Council (NTC). The identities of the deceased have not been announced. However, the source stated that the incident occurred in the Al-Hadhba al-Khadra area of Tripoli, which is known to be a pro-Gadhafi neighborhood. The tension in Tripoli has been brewing since the end of the revolution that ousted Gadhafi’s regime, with intermittent reports of violence between rival factions. Meanwhile, in a disturbing report, the United Nations human rights official cited evidence of torture on prisoners held by the NTC. The official expressed concern over the lack of accountability and transparency in the Libyan justice system. The report documented cases of alleged physical abuse, forced confessions, and other forms of torture. These claims have raised serious concerns for human rights groups working in the country, as the situation threatens to undermine the progress made towards building a democratic and just society after the downfall of the Gadhafi regime. The incident reiterates the need for accountable governing institutions not just in Libya, but all over the world. Libya has been grappling with political instability in the aftermath of Gadhafi's fall. The power vacuum that followed his overthrow led to increased violence and the emergence of various armed factions. Despite these challenges, Libya has made progress in restoring order to the country across a range of areas. However, more needs to be done to ensure the peaceful transition of power, building strong institutions that can deliver justice and stability. In conclusion, the deaths of the two pro-Gadhafi loyalists and an NTC fighter in Tripoli, along with the UN report on the torture of prisoners held by the NTC, have added to the existing challenges of rebuilding a new democratic government in Libya. The international community must come together to provide support for the setting up of justice systems and the rule of law, ensuring the fulfilment of human rights in Libya.