article: The militant group ISIS represents a "very significant potential threat to homeland security," and officials have a "good sense" of the individuals from the United States who are trying to travel to Syria and fight with the terrorist group, the secretary of Homeland Security said Monday on CNN. "They are a dangerous organization that has acquired territory in Iraq and Syria from which they could launch attacks, train, command and control," Jeh Johnson said on "The Situation Room with Wolf Blitzer." "They've demonstrated a depravity and a willingness to kill Americans because they are Americans," he continued. "So we've got to take the fight to this organization." His comments come as the group has released a new online video in which its leader specifically calls for lone wolf attacks in the United States and France -- two countries that have been conducting airstrikes against ISIS in Iraq. Western allies reject ISIS leader's threats . The group has beheaded two American journalists and a British aid worker. Separately on Monday, the French government said one of its citizens was abducted in a mountainous region of Algeria. A video claim of responsibility was later released by the Islamist militant group, Jund al-Khilafa fi Ard al-Jazaair, or Soldiers of the Caliphate in Algeria, whose leader recently pledged allegiance to ISIS. Johnson said Monday that ISIS "represents a very, very dangerous organization and a very significant potential threat to homeland security." Asked which group is a bigger threat-- Al Qaeda or ISIS -- Johnson said the United States should carefully watch both. "We've got to continue to keep our eye on all of this," he said. "We're in an environment now where these groups are competing for recruits, for fundraising and probably attention. So I'm focused on all of it." The anatomy of ISIS: How the 'Islamic State' is run . At least 100 Americans have either left or attempted to leave to go to Syria and help ISIS, Johnson said. "From various records and our capability to track the travel of these people through intelligence efforts, we have a reasonably good sense of who we're interested in, who the individuals of suspicion are," he added. "There have been some arrests made already. And we've got to stay focused on it." Such "foreign fighters" are a new concept for counterterrorism efforts, he continued. "It's not something, for example, that we faced in 2001 on 9/11. This is a new phenomenon," he said, adding that their social media capabilities are also a new tactic.
highlights: Jeh Johnson says ISIS is a "very significant potential threat" to the homeland . Johnson is the secretary of the Department of Homeland Security . He says at least 100 Americans have tried to go fight with ISIS in Syria . Officials have a "reasonably good sense" of who those Americans are .
id: cdfd190170f8d75d467bf387ad1a1ebc34a7a975
chatgpt: Jeh Johnson, the secretary of the Department of Homeland Security, has issued a warning that ISIS is a "very significant potential threat" to the US homeland. Speaking at a forum in Washington, Johnson stated that the terrorist group has "a proven ability to inspire individuals inside our homeland to violence".  According to Johnson, at least 100 Americans have attempted to travel abroad to fight with ISIS in Syria. "We have a reasonably good sense of who these people are," Johnson said, adding that "we have ways of tracking them."  This is not the first time that Johnson has raised concerns about the potential for ISIS to carry out attacks on American soil. Last year, he warned that the group was "in contact with groups and individuals in the United States and has aspirations to conduct attacks here."  The threat of domestic terrorism has been a major concern for US authorities since the September 11 attacks in 2001. The Department of Homeland Security was formed in response to those attacks, and its main focus is to protect the US from terrorist threats.  Despite the efforts of the DHS and other agencies, however, the threat from ISIS remains a major concern. The group has carried out attacks in several countries around the world, and its propaganda has inspired a number of individuals to carry out attacks in the US and Europe.  One of the biggest challenges facing authorities is identifying individuals who may be planning to carry out attacks. The DHS and other agencies use a variety of techniques to track potential terrorists, including monitoring social media, tracking travel patterns, and working with foreign intelligence agencies.  Despite their efforts, however, there have been a number of high-profile attacks carried out by individuals who were not on the radar of law enforcement. The attack on the Pulse nightclub in Orlando in 2016, for example, was carried out by a man who had been interviewed by the FBI twice but was not considered a significant threat at the time.  To address this issue, the DHS has been working to improve its intelligence gathering and analysis capabilities. Johnson has also called for increased cooperation between law enforcement agencies at all levels of government. "It takes a network to defeat a network," he said, adding that "we need to be vigilant, we need to be prepared, and we need to work together."  Ultimately, the threat from ISIS and other terrorist groups is likely to be a persistent challenge for US authorities for years to come. While there is no guaranteed way to prevent all attacks, the DHS and other agencies are working hard to minimize the risks and keep Americans safe.