article: Islamabad, Pakistan (CNN) -- Afghan President Hamid Karzai asked a Taliban-linked cleric based in Pakistan Saturday to help mediate talks with the Afghan Taliban, the cleric told CNN. Maulana Samiul Haq said he told Karzai he was prepared to help bring Taliban leaders to the table if the Afghan president and his government had specific offers and demands. "What can I convey to the Taliban if their demands and offers for solutions are not clear?" Haq said. "Unless there's a concrete process in place, then things can't move forward." Karzai has not yet commented on the cleric's remarks. Haq -- known as one of the spiritual leaders of the Taliban movement -- met with Karzai during the final day of the Afghan president's visit to Pakistan. The religious leader and former Pakistani senator runs an Islamic seminary in northwest Pakistan that produced many of the Afghan Taliban's leaders during the Afghan jihad against the Soviet occupation in the 1980s. Haq says he is in contact with senior leaders of the Taliban but he didn't say who. He said the Taliban have two key demands -- the exit of all foreign troops from Afghanistan and the release of Afghan Taliban prisoners from detention centers in Guantanamo Bay and Bagram Air Base. "Thousands of people have been killed in Afghanistan. Why should the Taliban start a dialogue without a guarantee that foreign forces will leave the region?" Haq said. Haq said the Taliban are reluctant to negotiate with Karzai because they view him as a supporter of U.S. policy in the region. "He needs to change that impression," Haq said. Haq's comments come after the Taliban rejected a reported claim Thursday by Karzai that the movement was taking part in secret talks with the Afghan government. The statement followed a report in the Wall Street Journal in which Karzai said, "There have been contacts between the U.S. government and the Taliban, there have been contacts between the Afghan government and the Taliban, and there have been some contacts that we have made, all of us together." Karzai's assertion suggested a change in course for peace efforts, because the Taliban has long publicly refused to meet with Karzai's government, and Afghan officials have complained they were largely sidelined in talks taking place between the United States and the Taliban. "The last cards are with us. So far, it has been a U.S.-Taliban business. We have not been involved in this so I cannot say what was discussed," an Afghan government official told CNN last month. Last June, Karzai said the United States was involved in peace talks with the Taliban, and that representatives of the government and insurgents had been in touch, but that no high-level meetings had taken place. Karzai arrived Thursday in Pakistan for discussions with President Asif Ali Zardari on improving relations between the two countries and peace efforts in Afghanistan. Journalist Nasir Habib contributed to this report.
highlights: Cleric Maulana Samiul Haq says Karzai asked him to mediate talks with the Afghan Taliban . Haq is known as one of the spiritual leaders of the Taliban movement . President Karzai, in Pakistan for talks, has not commented on the cleric's claim . The Taliban deny that there have been meetings with the Afghan government .
id: 41590c24831baf54b82c8e654388d6f0c59ceab8
chatgpt: Cleric Maulana Samiul Haq, known as one of the spiritual leaders of the Taliban movement, has claimed that he was asked by former Afghan President Hamid Karzai to mediate talks with the Afghan Taliban. Speaking to reporters in Pakistan, Haq said that he had been contacted by Karzai's office and asked to help initiate negotiations between the Taliban and the Afghan government. Haq's statement comes at a time when efforts to bring peace to Afghanistan have gained momentum. A recent temporary ceasefire between the Taliban and Afghan security forces was widely seen as a positive step towards ending the long-running conflict in the country. However, the Taliban have since resumed their attacks and have not shown any inclination towards meaningful negotiations. President Karzai, who is currently in Pakistan for talks with officials there, has not commented on Haq's claim. It is unclear whether Karzai had authorised Haq to act as a mediator on his behalf, or whether Haq had acted independently. The Afghan government has previously attempted to engage with the Taliban through various channels, but these efforts have so far not yielded any significant results. The Taliban have denied that they have held any meetings with the Afghan government. In a statement posted to their website, the group said that they had not authorised any individuals to act as mediators on their behalf. The Taliban also accused Karzai of being a puppet of the United States, and said that they would only be willing to negotiate directly with the US. Haq's statement has raised questions about the role of religious leaders in the Afghan conflict. Some analysts have suggested that traditional religious figures like Haq could play a pivotal role in helping to broker a peace deal, as they are respected by both the Taliban and the Afghan government. Others, however, have expressed scepticism about Haq's motives, noting that he has previously expressed support for the Taliban and has been critical of the Afghan government. Despite the challenges, there are signs that a political settlement in Afghanistan could be achievable. The Taliban have recently shown a willingness to engage with the international community, and have participated in talks with representatives from the US and other countries. The Afghan government, for its part, has expressed a willingness to negotiate with the Taliban without preconditions. Ultimately, the success of any peace process will depend on a number of factors, including the willingness of all parties to compromise, the role of external actors, and the ability of the Afghan government to provide security and stability to its citizens. However, the fact that religious leaders like Haq are willing to enter the fray is a positive sign, and could help to build momentum towards a lasting peace agreement. For now, however, it remains to be seen whether Haq's claims will lead to any concrete progress towards ending the Afghan conflict.