article: A Dutch pensioner, 91, has had the words 'do not resuscitate' tattooed across her chest in a right-to-die protest. Nel Bolten, from The Hague in the Netherlands, says she had the ink, which also states she is over 91, because she does not want emergency crews to bring her back to life if she stops breathing. Despite ambulance services previously stating they would not accept the tattoo as valid, Dutch health minister, Edith Schippers, has confirmed it is a legal declaration. Nel Bolten from the Netherlands said she had the tattoo because she does not want to be revived by medics . The 15cm-wide body art will lawfully allow Ms Bolten the right to self determination to end her life - a complex issue in the Netherlands, which has an increasing population of elderly people. A spokesman for the health minister confirmed the legislative change to Dutch Association for Voluntary End of Life (NVVE), according to Dutch media reports. The organisation says on its website that it is 'for everyone who wants to die with dignity'. 'We want the best possible implementation of euthanasia, especially for groups that do not get help in practice, such as people with dementia, chronic psychiatric patients and elderly people who feel that their life is complete,' it says. NVVE currently offers its members what it calls a 'not-resuscitate penning', which is essentially an ID tag stating the person's name, date of birth, a photograph and a signature on a necklace. It is a statement to a first-aider that the patient does not want to have CPR administrated on them, however, there has been issues in that medics have been unable to find them. The 15cm-wide tattoo across her chest, which reads 'Do not resuscitate, I'm 91+', has now been accepted as a legal declaration as a right to die by the Dutch health minister, Edith Schippers . The idea of a tattoo was hoped to be a bolder statement after Ms Bolten said she did not trust the necklaces. She told a Dutch newspaper: 'I've seen on TV that it was a matter of seconds for ambulance staff - they really don't look for a necklace. 'I do not want to end up as a vegetable in a chair.' Ms Bolten had worked with Ms Schippers to try and make the statement tattoos a formal and legal declaration to medics - and she is not the only person to have one. In 2012 an 88-year-old Dutch woman had a similar tattoo done on her left breast to let her last wishes be known. While Peter Hagens, 61, from Muiden in the Netherlands is another person who has braved it and had the ink tattooed on his chest.
highlights: Nel Bolten from the Netherlands has had the statement 15cm-wide tattoo . She says she does not want emergency crews to bring her back to life . Dutch health minister Edith Schippers has said it's now legal declaration . Previously the tattoos or necklaces had not been accepted as valid . Euthanasia is complex in Netherlands, which has growing elderly society .
id: 6eb101d700a26e90d53761ce7e83d2f0e256ebdd
chatgpt: Nel Bolten, a woman from the Netherlands, has made a unique statement by getting a 15cm-wide tattoo on her chest that says "Do Not Resuscitate." She has made it clear that she does not want emergency crews to bring her back to life in case of any mishap or accident. The Dutch health minister, Edith Schippers, has recently announced that such tattoos are now a legally accepted declaration for euthanasia in the Netherlands. Previously, there were no clear guidelines or laws regarding the acceptance of such tattoos or necklaces as a valid declaration for euthanasia. Euthanasia is a complex and sensitive issue in the Netherlands, which has a rapidly growing elderly society. The country was the first in the world to legalize euthanasia in 2002, but it has many laws and regulations in place to ensure that the practice is carried out carefully and ethically.  In the case of Nel Bolten's tattoo, the Dutch health minister has stated that it will be considered as a legal document, and emergency crews will be required to follow the wishes conveyed in the tattoo in case of an emergency. In the past, emergency crews would often disregard such tattoos or necklaces as they were not considered to be valid declarations. According to Bolten, she got the tattoo to ensure that her wishes were clear and unambiguous. She wants to avoid any confusion or misunderstanding in case of an emergency and has taken this step to ensure that her wishes are respected. She said, "I want to be in charge of my own life and death." Bolten's tattoo has sparked a debate about the acceptance of such tattoos as a valid declaration for euthanasia. Some feel that the tattoo is a clear and unambiguous way of stating one's wishes, while others argue that it may not be legally binding in all cases. However, the Dutch government has acknowledged the growing demand for alternative methods of declaration for euthanasia, and it has taken steps to ensure that such declarations are legally recognized. The government is also working to improve access to palliative care and mental health resources to ensure that patients have access to all options before deciding on euthanasia. In conclusion, Nel Bolten's tattoo has brought attention to the evolving debates around euthanasia in the Netherlands. The acceptance of a tattoo as a valid declaration for euthanasia highlights the growing demand for alternative methods of declaration in a country with a rapidly aging society. As the government works to ensure that patients have access to all options before deciding on euthanasia, it is clear that more debates and discussions around this sensitive issue lie ahead.