article: (CNN) -- Southern hemisphere's top three rugby nations completed a clean sweep of victories against their northern counterparts for the second successive weekend on Saturday. World champions New Zealand held off a late charge from Ireland to take an unbeatable 2-0 lead in their three-match series, winning 22-19 in the first international match played in Christchurch since the earthquake that devastated the city in February 2011. South Africa also took a 2-0 lead against England, triumphing 36-27 in Johannesburg, while Australia edged out Six Nations champions Wales for the second weekend in a row, winning 25-23 in Melbourne. The All Blacks needed a late drop-goal from star flyhalf Dan Carter, now back in the fold after injury ruled him out of the business end of the World Cup, as both teams scored a try each. The Irish have never beaten the Kiwis in 107 years. "It was a game we probably shouldn't have won but we showed some great composure," said the Kiwis' new coach Steve Hansen, whose team won 42-10 in the opening match of the series in Auckland. The Wallabies also needed late inspiration as replacement Mike Harris kicked a match-winning penalty after the fulltime siren to deny Wales a first win in Australia since 1969. "We're hugely disappointed, having outscored Australia two tries to one," caretaker Wales coach Rob Howley said. "We gave them the opportunity through a lack of discipline in those last two minutes which they took." The Springboks looked set for an impressive win against England, leading by 15 points at halftime. However, the tourists reduced the deficit to four points before 2007 World Cup-winning winger J.P. Pietersen scored the home team's fourth try to extend their winning run over England to nine matches. "I think we gave them some easy tries at one stage," Springboks captain Jean de Villiers said. "We played some great rugby in the first half, but credit must go to England for coming back and never giving up." Bucking the trend, however, Six Nations strugglers Scotland defeated Fiji 37-25, following up the 9-6 win over Australia earlier in their tour. Argentina were due to host France later on Saturday.
highlights: World champions New Zealand snatch 22-19 victory over Ireland in Christchurch . Dan Carter kicks a late drop-goal to give the All Blacks a 2-0 series lead . South Africa beat England for the second weekend in a row, winning 36-27 . Wallabies deny Wales first in in Australia since 1969 with last-gasp penalty .
id: 7fb290bd634591ac6555c4d37f52ef64e2ca7865
chatgpt: In a thrilling match in Christchurch, the world champions New Zealand secured a narrow 22-19 victory over Ireland. The All Blacks, who had won the opening game last week, now have an unassailable 2-0 lead in the series. Dan Carter, the New Zealand fly-half, was once again the hero for his team, kicking the decisive drop-goal with just minutes remaining on the clock. It was a tense encounter, with both sides giving their all in a bid to come out on top. Ireland, who had lost narrowly in the first game, were determined to bounce back and put in a valiant effort. They came close to causing an upset, with a late surge that saw them score a try and bring the scoreline within three points. However, they were unable to find the winning score, and New Zealand held on for the win. Meanwhile, in Johannesburg, South Africa continued their dominance over England, securing a 36-27 victory in the second test. The Springboks had won the first game last week, and they continued their impressive form in the second encounter. England put up a strong fight, with both sides scoring four tries apiece. However, it was South Africa who emerged victorious, thanks to their superior kicking game and defensive prowess. In Brisbane, the Wallabies denied Wales their first win in Australia since 1969, with a last-gasp penalty securing a narrow 25-23 victory. It was a tense encounter, with both teams trading blows throughout the match. Wales looked set to claim their historic win, with a late penalty of their own giving them the lead. However, Australia won a penalty with just seconds remaining on the clock, and fly-half Bernard Foley held his nerve to slot home the winning kick. Overall, it was a thrilling weekend of international rugby, with some closely contested matches and some memorable moments. Fans around the world will be eagerly anticipating the next round of fixtures, as the battle for supremacy continues.