article: Michael Schumacher is finally out of a coma and has left hospital, his spokeswoman has confirmed . That Schumacher’s condition is improving six months after he suffered severe brain injuries in a skiing accident at the French resort of Meribel provides motor racing with the news it had hoped for but feared it would never get. Schumacher, the seven-time Formula One world champion, had been in a medically induced coma since soon after hitting his head on a rock last December. Road to recovery: F1 legend Michael Schumacher is no longer in a coma and has moved from his hospital . VIDEO Fans react to Schumacher news . Shock: Schuemcher, pictured here in 2004, crashed while skiing on December 29 and was put into a coma . Famliy affair: Schumacher with his wife Corrina, pictured skiing in 2005, who he can now communicate with . After months without much firm news, . Sabine Kehm said today: ‘Michael has left the CHU Grenoble to continue his long . phase of rehabilitation. He is not in a coma anymore. ‘His . family would like to thank all his doctors, nurses and therapists in . Grenoble as well as the first aiders at the place of the accident, who . did an excellent job in those first months. ‘The family also wishes to thank all the people who have sent Michael all the many good wishes. We are sure it helped him. ‘For the future we ask for understanding that his further rehabilitation will take place away from the public eye.’ It is unclear whether Schumacher, 45, will return to his house in Switzerland or to a different, secret location. Emergency: Schumacher has left University Hospital in Grenoble to continue his recovery . In action: Schumcher won seven Formula One world championships in his domination of the sport . Well red: Schumacher in his Ferrari heyday, leading to him winning seven world championships .
highlights: Michael Schumacher has left University Hospital in Grenoble . F1 legend's management thank staff and well-wishers . Schumacher 'able to communicate' with wife and children . He suffered skiing accident on December 29 .
id: 6f0f662c41578260dc606bc8c4620047c41b4969
chatgpt: Michael Schumacher, the seven-time Formula One world champion, has been discharged from the University Hospital in Grenoble, seven months after suffering a severe head injury in a skiing accident. In an official statement, Schumacher's management expressed thanks to the hospital staff as well as the many well-wishers who have supported the racing legend over these challenging months. Despite the previous news of Michael Schumacher facing serious neurological injuries, Schumacher was seen being transported out of the hospital to receive further rehabilitation in a specialized centre in Switzerland. There have also been reports that Schumacher has been able to communicate with his wife and two children. Schumacher's skiing accident occurred on December 29, 2013, when he hit his head on a rock while skiing off-piste. He was airlifted to the hospital in Grenoble, where doctors performed two operations to relieve pressure on his brain. Schumacher was kept in a medically induced coma for several months. The Schumacher family has been notoriously private about Schumacher's condition, releasing very little information to the press; this has led to speculation and rumors about Schumacher's state. However, Schumacher's management stated that the Schumacher family "would like to explicitly thank all his treating doctors, nurses, and therapists in Grenoble as well as the first aiders at the place of the accident, who did an excellent job in those first months." And further, "the family also wishes to thank all the people who have sent Michael all the many good wishes to Michael. We are sure it helped him." The F1 legend has received thousands of letters and messages of support, from celebrities and fans alike. Formula One drivers also dedicated a tribute to him before the start of the Monaco Grand Prix, a race that has historically been important to Schumacher. The news of Schumacher's discharge from Grenoble is a positive step forward on the road to recovery. Schumacher is considered one of the greatest drivers in the history of Formula One, and his worldwide fan base has been eagerly awaiting news of his progress. The sport has been united in support of their fellow champion in his battle for recovery, and we hope to see Michael Schumacher continuing to improve.