article: (CNN)  -- The mayor of Ciudad Juarez, Mexico, is asking Mexican federal authorities not to pull military units out of the region for at least another six months. A Mexican soldier controls traffic at the Mexico-U.S. border customs post in Ciudad Juarez on August 16. A decision on whether to withdraw the troops is expected before September 15. The troops were sent to the city across from El Paso, Texas, in the spring of 2008 to help quell violence involving warring drug cartels. An additional surge of troops was sent this spring. That surge appeared to work at first, cutting the homicide rate in Juarez drastically. But murders in the city spiked over the summer. Figures provided by the city show that in August. more than 300 people were killed, the deadliest month so far this year. In July, 260 died and in June, 220. Those numbers were in stark contrast to 16 homicides in March, 42 in April and 60 in May. The mayor, Jose Reyes Ferriz, attributed the summer spike in violence to wars between cartels over the control of street drug-sale points. The cartels are hiring mostly youths to handle retail drug sales, he said, and that has resulted in most of the murder victims being between the ages of 14 and 25. The mayor said Juarez is not ready for the army's full withdrawal, even though he is aware the troops' presence was meant to be a temporary solution to give the city time to get rid of corrupt police officers, hire new ones and train its new force. "We have accomplished the part that has to do with strengthening the police, but the city is in a very difficult situation. We are asking part of the army to stay and help us," Reyes Ferriz said. In September, 750 newly graduated police cadets are expected to join Ciudad Juarez Police Department, and another 400 in October, bringing the force to a total of about 3,000 officers. According to figures provided by the military, more than 6,000 soldiers are serving in Joint Operation Chihuahua in Juarez, of which 3,600 have been assigned to narco-traffic operations. The rest have been assigned to traffic duties and street patrols. The operation's spokesman, Enrique Torres, said the military is "evaluating the security situation" in the city and will be "implementing a gradual withdrawal."
highlights: Mayor Jose Reyes Ferriz would like federal army troops to stay six more months . Troops were sent to Ciudad Juarez to quell drug-fueled murders . Murders down in spring, but spike in summer; more than 300 killed in August . Decision on whether to withdraw the troops is expected before September 15 .
id: 9ac54d43015d5d8ee82b78f42065050ec39833a0
chatgpt: Mayor Jose Reyes Ferriz of Ciudad Juarez is seeking an extension to the federal army troops' stay in the city. The troops were initially deployed to quell drug-fueled murders that plagued the city for years, resulting in the loss of many innocent lives. Despite spring recording a decline in homicides, the numbers took a turn for the worse as summer approached. August was particularly brutal, with over 300 murders reported in Ciudad Juarez. The decision of whether to withdraw the troops now rests on the Mexican government, with a verdict expected before September 15. Mayor Ferriz and other local officials argue that it's too early to withdraw the troops since a sustained reduction in murders is yet to be achieved. The mayor recognizes that the presence of the military might not be permanent but that withdrawing the troops too soon could derail progress made towards the restoration of peace in the troubled city. The mayor's concerns are not unfounded, as the increase in murders has stunned many in Ciudad Juarez, who have been hoping that the difficulties faced in the city would come to an end. Experts say the surge could be due to the reopening of businesses after the COVID-19 lockdown, with drug cartels and other gangs competing for control of the city's booming drug trade. Ciudad Juarez is one of the most dangerous cities globally, with drug-related violence and murders being the order of the day. Reports say that most of the murders occur in poor neighborhoods, and the victims are young people. If the troops leave, some fear that the death toll could rise to pre-deployment levels - a worrying prospect for the long-suffering residents of Ciudad Juarez. In interviews with the media, Mayor Ferriz has said that his government has made attempts to engage young people in sports and other extracurricular activities to mitigate their susceptibility to joining gangs. However, Mayor Ferriz believes that a long-lasting solution will require the cooperation of all levels of government, including the federal government. In conclusion, Mayor Ferriz's plea for a six-month extension of federal army troops in Ciudad Juarez is symbolic of just how much is at stake in this conflict. Security experts around the world believe that all stakeholders must work together to find a lasting solution if the city and its residents are to thrive.