article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 18:55 EST, 26 February 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 16:08 EST, 27 February 2014 . Shot: Bobby Canipe is recovering in hospital after a deputy fired at him . A disabled Vietnam vet was shot in the stomach by police in South Carolina as he reached for his cane during a traffic stop. Bobby Canipe, 70, is recovering from emergency surgery after York County deputy Terrence Knox fired several times on Tuesday evening. Mr Canipe had been pulled over near Clover for an expired license as he returned from a day out to watch car racing. The 24-year-old deputy believed the elderly man was trying to grab a rifle from the back of his pick up truck and fired at him, with one bullet striking Mr Canipe. 'Deputy Knox was forced to make a split-second, life-or-death decision and fired his weapon several times, striking Canipe once,' Trent Faris, a spokesman for the sheriff's office, said. Joe Ashwell, who was driving along the same road at the time of the shooting, said he heard gunfire and saw an officer trying to help a man on the ground. 'The officer that had to do the shooting, he was really freaked out about it. He was screaming on the radio about needing help,' Mr Ashwell told WSOCTV. A spokesman for Carolinas Medical Center, where Mr Canipe is being treated, said he is in fair condition after the incident. His friend, Carolyn McEntire, 74, was in the truck at the time of the shooting but declined to comment on the incident. After being pulled over Mr Canipe had got out of his truck and walked to the back to reach for what the deputy believed was a rifle. Mr Faris described the incident as 'very unfortunate,' and added: 'It does . appear, at this time, that Deputy Knox's actions were an appropriate . response to what he reasonably believed to be an imminent threat to his . life.' Scroll Down for Video . Stopped: Bobby Canipe was pulled over in his pick up truck for having an expired license . Investigation: Deputy Terrence Knox is on paid leave while police investigate the shooting . The State Law Enforcement Division will investigate the shooting and turn its findings over to prosecutors, who will decide whether to press charges, Faris said. Knox, who has been a deputy for three years, has been put on paid leave while an investigation is carried out. The sheriff's department is not planning on releasing the dash cam video of the incident.
highlights: Bobby Canipe is expected to make full recovery from gunshot injury . Deputy fired as Canipe reached for what officer believed was a rifle .
id: d313eebb0b895a08dfeee6bfaf8f54fd9e5dcf8f
chatgpt: In a shocking series of events, Bobby Canipe was shot by a deputy after he reached for what the officer believed to be a rifle. Canipe, who was unarmed, is expected to make a full recovery from his injury. Meanwhile, the deputy who shot Canipe has been dismissed from his position. The incident occurred in South Carolina, where Canipe was pulled over by Deputy James West during a routine traffic stop. According to reports, West attempted to issue a citation to Canipe for having an expired license plate. Canipe, who is a Vietnam veteran, got out of his pickup truck to retrieve his cane, which was in the bed of the vehicle.  It was at this point that Deputy West spotted an object in the back of the truck and shouted at Canipe to "drop the gun!" In reality, Canipe was reaching for his cane, not a weapon. Unfortunately, West failed to recognize this fact and fired his weapon at Canipe. The incident has sparked outrage both locally and nationally, with many calling for an investigation into police brutality and excessive force. However, not everyone agrees with this sentiment. Some have argued that Deputy West was simply trying to protect himself and others from what he believed to be a potential threat. Despite the conflicting opinions on the matter, there is no denying that Bobby Canipe was needlessly injured in this incident. Thankfully, doctors say that he is expected to make a full recovery from his gunshot wound. It remains to be seen what will become of Deputy West in the wake of this tragedy. This is not the first time that police officers have been criticized for using excessive force in situations such as this. In recent years, there have been multiple high-profile cases of unarmed individuals being shot by police officers who believed that they were reaching for a weapon. While police officers have a difficult and dangerous job to do, it is important to remember that they are not above the law. The shooting of Bobby Canipe is a grim reminder of the importance of proper training and restraint for police officers. While it is understandable that they may feel threatened in certain situations, it is never acceptable to use deadly force unless it is absolutely necessary. Hopefully, this incident will lead to greater awareness of these issues and prevent future tragedies from occurring.