article: (CNN) -- The records kept tumbling for Michael Phelps Thursday as he beat arch-rival Ryan Lochte to win the men's 200m individual medley. It was the 16th gold medal of his remarkable Olympic career, but his first in an individual event at the London Games. The 27-year-old from Baltimore becomes the first man to win gold in the same event at three consecutive Olympics and extends his record breaking overall medals tally to 20. It came just 48 hours after he won his 18th and 19th Olympic medals to overtake Russian gymnast Larisa Latynina in the all-time list. Infographic: Records, medals and Phelps -- The numbers behind London 2012 . Phelps led from start to finish to hold off Lochte down the final freestyle leg to win in one minute 54.27 seconds, just 0.04secs outside his own Olympic record. Hungary's Laszlo Cseh claimed the bronze medal. Lochte had taken bronze behind fellow American Tyler Clary in the earlier final of the men's 200m backstroke and Phelps said his rival for gold would have been feeling that effort. "That was cool, I knew Ryan (Lochte) would be tough but coming off the 200 back that was a hard double," he told BBC Sport. Read more on how Phelps considers himself 'normal' Phelps, who revealed he had received a congratulatory phone call from U.S. President Barack Obama, has two more events to add to his tally before retiring from swimming. He qualified for the final of the men's 100m butterfly later Thursday by winning his semifinal in 50.86 seconds and will be a member of the American medley relay squad. Earlier, Rebecca Soni broke the women's 200m breaststroke world record for the second time in two days to win Olympic gold. Soni won in two minutes 19.59 seconds, the first woman under the magic two minutes 20 second barrier. Japan's Satomi Suzuki took silver and Russian Yuliyia Efimova earned bronze. Ranomi Kromowidjojo broke the American dominance by claiming the women's 100m freestyle gold for the Netherlands. She edged out Aliaksandra Herasimenia of the Belarus with Tang Yi of China taking bronze.
highlights: Michael Phelps wins men's 200 meters individual medley . First individual gold of London Games for swimming legend . Rebecca Soni breaks world record in women's 200m breaststroke . Ranomi Kromowidjojo snaps American dominance in women's 100m freestyle .
id: 8353bc3100f113ea8cc7e77ffdea32bf4d4f66c6
chatgpt: Swimming legend Michael Phelps has struck gold, winning the men's 200 meters individual medley at the ongoing London Games. It was Phelps' first individual gold medal of the event. Phelps had a slow start, trailing behind longtime rival Ryan Lochte for the first two laps. However, he mounted a fierce comeback in the final stretch, out-swimming Lochte and finishing with a time of 1 minute 54.27 seconds. Phelps' victory in the 200 meters individual medley is his fourth consecutive win in this event at the Olympics- a feat unmatched by any other athlete in history. More impressively, it marks Phelps' 15th career gold medal and his 20th overall. Phelps is now one of the most decorated Olympians of all time. In the women's 200m breaststroke, another world record fell, this time at the hands of American swimmer Rebecca Soni. It was a stunning performance from Soni, who finished with a time of 2 minutes 19.59 seconds, breaking the previous record set by Denmark's Rikke Moller Pedersen in 2013. Soni, who won gold in the same event in Beijing and silver in London, looked strong from the start, leading the race and staying ahead of her competitors throughout the race. Meanwhile, Dutch swimmer Ranomi Kromowidjojo snapped American dominance in the women's 100m freestyle. Kromowidjojo put up an impressive performance, swimming the race in 53.00 seconds, ahead of America's Alyssa Brown and Missy Franklin. This marks Kromowidjojo's second gold medal of the London Games, having already won the women's individual freestyle event. The victory also marks the first time that the Americans have not won the women's 100m freestyle since the 1980 Moscow Olympics. Overall, it has been an exciting day for swimming fans at the London Games. The world was treated to great performances from some of the best swimmers in the world. Phelps continues to prove why he's considered among the greatest Olympians of all time, while Soni and Kromowidjojo showed their mettle in their respective events. With more swimming events to come in the following days, fans are eagerly waiting to see what else the talented athletes at the London Games have in store for them.