article: By . Daily Mail Reporter and Associated Press Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 08:27 EST, 4 June 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 08:27 EST, 4 June 2013 . Texas land commissioner candidate George P. Bush, the son of former Florida governor Jeb Bush, has become a father. Spokesman Trey Newton said Bush and his wife, Amanda, had their first child, a boy named Prescott Walker Bush, on Monday afternoon. George P. Bush is the grandson of former President George H.W. Bush. Another former president, George W. Bush, is his uncle. New dad: Texas land commissioner candidate George P. Bush, the son of former Florida governor Jeb Bush, has become a father . Proud parents: George P. Bush and his wife, Amanda, are pictured at the Republican National Convention in 2004 . The new father tweeted out a picture of the swaddled baby boy in his arms on Monday evening. 'So proud to announce the birth of our son Prescott Walker Bush,' he wrote, adding, '"Little P" for short.' Jeb Bush later tweeted out the same picture and wrote, 'Joyous day! Mom [and] baby doing well! A blessing from God.' In April, George P. Bush's cousin and former first daughter Jenna Bush Hager gave birth to a daughter, Margaret 'Mila' Hager. Former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush (center) introduces his brother, then-Republican presidential candidate George W. Bush. George P. Bush stands in the background (L) Family: Former president George W. Bush (L) hugs his nephew, George P. Bush, at a Cinco de Mayo celebration at the White House . In April, George P. Bush's cousin and former first daughter Jenna Bush Hager gave birth to a daughter, Margaret 'Mila' Hager . Spokesman Trey Newton said the baby is a third-generation Texan and joked that 'George P. looks forward to his son carrying on his tradition of playing baseball for the Rice Owls.' A Spanish-speaking attorney and consultant based in Fort Worth, Bush is considered a rising star among conservative Hispanics. Long active in politics, Bush announced in March he was running for land commissioner, which administers state-owned lands and mineral resources.
highlights: George P. Bush, the son of former Florida Governor Jeb Bush, and his wife Amanda had their first child Monday afternoon . The boy is named Prescott Walker Bush . In April, George P. Bush's cousin and former first daughter Jenna Bush Hager gave birth to a daughter, Margaret 'Mila' Hager .
id: c5e68976a11cc68d02119e0497bfd246814994a0
chatgpt: George P. Bush, son of former Florida Governor Jeb Bush, and his wife Amanda, welcomed their first child into the world on Monday. The baby boy, named Prescott Walker Bush, was born in Austin, Texas. The announcement of this birth comes a few months after George P. Bush's cousin and former first daughter Jenna Bush Hager gave birth to her third child, Margaret 'Mila' Hager, in April. The Bush family had a lot to celebrate this year, with the arrival of two new additions. George P. Bush is the eldest son of Jeb Bush and Columba Bush. He has led a successful career, working as a lawyer, real estate developer, and now serving as the Texas Land Commissioner since 2015. He is also considered the future of the Bush political dynasty. The recent births of both Prescott and Mila will ensure that the Bush family legacy will continue for many generations to come. Famous for their public service, the Bush family has produced two presidents, George H.W. Bush and his son George W. Bush, as well as two governors, Jeb Bush and George W. Bush. George P. Bush expressed his joy on Twitter, posting a picture of him cradling his newborn son in his arms. He wrote, "Amanda and I are thrilled to welcome Prescott Walker Bush into the family!". Jenna Bush Hager, George P. Bush's cousin, also shared her excitement over the new arrival. She congratulated the couple on social media, writing, "Welcome to the world, sweet Prescott! Can't wait for cousin cuddles!". With the arrival of Prescott Walker Bush, the Bush family is now expanding in more ways than one. The family is known for their closeness and dedication to public service, and this new addition will surely strengthen their bond even more.