article: A Miami woman called Isis Martinez posted a video on YouTube in which she pleads with the media to please stop using her name to refer to the 'shameless excuses for human beings' who have misappropriated her appellation. The 38-year-old, who heads a non-profit in the Florida city, has created a petition urging the media and others to use the acronym 'ISIL' instead of 'ISIS' to describe the group formerly known as Islamic State of Iraq the Levant. The petition, part of a campaign that began on August 23, has so far received 352 signatures. Scroll down for video . Isis Martinez, who has been spearheading a campaign to convince media to stop using the word ISIS to describe the terrorist group occupying large parts of Iraq and Syria, is pictured here with Spanish Journalist Pedro Sevcec . Isis Martinez said she's tired of the 'awkward looks' and negative reactions of people when she introduces herself . 'I couldn't just sit back and let it happen,' she said in an interview with Newsweek. She points out in the video that the United States government uses ISIL - including President Barack Obama - to refer to the group that now calls itself simply  the Islamic State, as do the UN and the Associated Press. 'The past several weeks have been overwhelming' as she's seen her name over and over again in print, Martinez said on the video. 'People's reactions aren't improving at all and i'm getting all sorts of looks.' Since starting her campaign, which now involves running a Facebook group and posting messages to Twitter, Martinez says many other women named Isis have come forward to share their own anecdotes, Newsweek reported. Some women said others ask if Isis is their real name, while others said their children with the appellation are bullied in school. 'People just cringe,' Martinez says, describing the reaction when she introduces herself. Why not just use her middle name, Theresa, instead? 'If I go by a nickname or a middle name, the terrorists win,' she says flatly. Martinez said that she was named after her mother, whose parents got Isis from the Egyptian goddess of health, marriage and love. 'I will not and cannot change my name and neither should the thousands of others who share this beautiful name,' she said. Nefertari meets the goddess Isis, left, in this fresco at a burial site in the Valley of the Queens, Thebes .
highlights: Isis Martinez started a petition on behalf of the 'thousands of others' with the name asking news outlets to use a different term to describe the terrorist group, such as ISIL . She says her campaign has encouraged many women who are going through the same situation to come forward with their own stories or complain of their kids named Isis being bullied at school . 'If I go by a nickname or a middle name, the terrorists win,' she said .
id: 359c8356e90c297d056080be02ad5dc990cd1113
chatgpt: Isis Martinez, a resident of Las Vegas, has started a petition requesting news outlets to use the acronym ISIL instead of ISIS when referring to the terrorist group. Isis Martinez believes that associating the name with the extremist group has resulted in many negative consequences.  In an interview, Ms. Martinez said that using the name of the group as a means of identification has led to many women being discriminated against. According to her, people often make assumptions about her and are afraid to talk to her when they hear her name. This has also made it difficult for her to find work in the past.  Ms. Martinez is not the only one who has experienced these kinds of problems as a result of her name. Many parents who have named their children after the Egyptian goddess have reported instances of name-calling and bullying at school.  As a result, Ms. Martinez has started a petition in the hope of encouraging news outlets to use a different term when referring to the terrorist group. She believes that if this can happen, it will go a long way in reducing the stigma associated with her name and that of others with similar monikers.  Ms. Martinez has been overwhelmed by the support she has received thus far. She claims that her campaign has encouraged many women who are going through the same situation to come forward with their own stories.  She also emphasizes that changing her name or using a nickname is not an option for her. Ms. Martinez says that by continuing to use her name, she is standing up to the terrorists who seek to intimidate and harm people.  Ms. Martinez's petition has gained significant traction on social media, with many people sharing their own experiences of discrimination and bullying because of their names.  While some may argue that using a different term for the terrorist group may not necessarily solve the problem, Ms. Martinez strongly believes that it is at least a step in the right direction.  In conclusion, Ms. Martinez's campaign to change the term used to refer to the terrorist group known as ISIS is gaining momentum. She hopes that by doing so, she and others with similar names can be spared from discrimination and bullying.