article: Members of the North Miami Beach Police have been caught using photos of actual black teenagers for target practice. This was discovered during an incident last month when Sgt. Valerie Deant, a clarinet player in the Florida Army National Guard's 13th Army Band, showed up at the Medley Firearms Training Center after members of the department had been practicing, and recognized one of their targets - a mugshot of her brother from when he was just 18-years-old. The other targets were also black men, and some just teenagers. But now the department is defending the practice. Scroll down for video . Members of the North Miami Beach Police used the above mugshots of black men, some teenagers, for shooting practice . This all happened at the Medley Police Firearms Training Center (above) 'I was like why is my brother being used for target practice?' Sgt Deant told NBC 6. 'There were like gunshots there. And I cried a couple of times.' Her brother Woody, who was arrested for drag racing in 2000 and is now married with children, was just as shocked and angry, noting; 'The picture actually has like bullet holes. One in my forehead and one in my eye. …I was speechless.' North Miami Beach Police Chief J. Scott Dennis says there is nothing wrong with this practice at all however, and even defends its use. 'Our policies were not violated,' Dennis said. 'There is no discipline forthcoming from the individuals who were involved with this.' Dennis said it is common practice to use actual mugshots, and members of the same ethnic group help with facial recognition exercises. North Miami Beach Police Chief J. Scott Dennis (above) says there is nothing wrong with this practice at all, and even defends its use . A mugshot of Woody Deant (above) from when he was just 18 was one of the targets, and now he worries he will be a  target when he is on the street . NBC 6 Investigators spoke with both federal and state law enforcement agencies, as well as five local police departments, and they all said they use commercially produced targets for shooting practice, and never mugshots of actual people. Dennis does say however that he regrets the usage of a mugshot of an actual Miami resident. Woody Deant seems to feel the same. 'Now I’m being used as a target?' he said. 'I’m not even living that life according to how they portrayed me as. I’m a father. I’m a husband. I’m a career man. I work 9-to-5.' He then added that this make the streets feel anything but safe for him in his community. 'Automatically in his [cop's] mind he’s going to think target, target, target.'
highlights: Members of the North Miami Beach Police have been caught using photos of actual black teenagers for target practice . This was discovered when one woman showed up at a shooting range after the department used it and saw a mugshot of her brother from when he was 18 . Now, North Miami Beach Police Chief J. Scott Dennis, saying it is common for facial recognition exercises . When asked, other local police departments said they never use mugshots or photos of actual people for shooting practice .
id: fe7914858e399f140c695baf995f7114fe56ceaa
chatgpt: Members of the North Miami Beach Police Department have come under fire after it was discovered that they have been using photos of actual black teenagers for target practice. The disturbing discovery was made when one woman showed up at a shooting range after the department used it and saw a mugshot of her brother from when he was 18. The use of actual photos of people for target practice has sparked outrage in the community, with many calling for an immediate investigation into the matter. Representatives of the North Miami Beach Police Department, however, have attempted to justify the practice by stating that it is common for facial recognition exercises. North Miami Beach Police Chief J. Scott Dennis has been among those defending the practice, stating that officers need to be able to accurately identify potential suspects. He has argued that using real photos during training exercises helps officers to better recognize facial features and improve their ability to protect the public. However, many have found this explanation unconvincing. Other local police departments have been contacted about the practice, with many stating that they never use mugshots or photos of actual people for shooting practice. Community leaders have condemned the use of actual photos for target practice, saying that it is dehumanizing and creates an environment where officers view members of the public as threats rather than as people. Many have also noted that using photos of black teenagers in particular sends a disturbing message about the department's priorities and values. The North Miami Beach Police Department has promised to review its practices and conduct an internal investigation, but many are calling for an independent review into the matter. Community activists have also called for a new level of transparency and accountability from the department, saying that the use of actual photos for target practice is just one example of a larger problem within law enforcement. This is not the first time that the North Miami Beach Police Department has faced scrutiny for its treatment of black residents. In 2016, an unarmed black behavioral therapist was shot by police while attempting to calm an autistic patient. The incident sparked nationwide outrage and highlighted the need for police department reform. The use of actual photos of people for target practice is a disturbing practice that has no place in law enforcement. While some may argue that it helps officers to better recognize potential suspects, the use of real photos sent a disturbing message about the values and priorities of the North Miami Beach Police Department. A full investigation into the matter is needed, as well as a renewed commitment to transparency and accountability within the department.