article: Chelsea captain John Terry took to Instagram on Friday to boast about a straight sets table tennis win against Sportsmail columnist and former Liverpool midfielder Jamie Redknapp. Such was Terry's desire to show off his 21-16, 21-17 win over his pal Redknapp, the Blues defender made the effort to film part of the match using his CCTV set-up at home. Terry posted: '@jamieredders popped round for a game of table tennis today and got tucked in 21-16 21-17 and thought he got away with no video until I got the CCTV up when he left.' John Terry takes on Jamie Redknapp (right) in a game of table tennis on Friday . Redknapp also seems to have been caught out making excuses for the defeat as Terry added '#swapendsthesunisinmyeyes' suggesting the Sky Sports pundit wasn't happy with his view. The former England captain was enjoying some downtime ahead of Chelsea's huge Premier League clash against Manchester City on Sunday. Blues boss Jose Mourinho confirmed on Friday that star striker Diego Costa would be fit to start the match at the Etihad. Redknapp was apparently beaten in straight sets by the Chelsea captain . The Chelsea skipper, seen here laughing during training, will lead his team out against Man City on Sunday . He said: ‘Diego is not in the best condition but he will start the game. His attitude is amazing. Clearly, we have to try and protect him until he is completely fit. ‘What we can do to improve the situation, we have to do when he’s not playing. He needs work, not just from the medical department but also on the pitch and in the gym.’ Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho revealed Diego Costa (above) will start against City on Sunday .
highlights: John Terry uses CCTV to prove table tennis victory against Jamie Redknapp . Terry posts footage on Instagram while boasting that he 'tucked in' Redknapp . Chelsea captain was enjoying some downtime ahead of Blues' clash against Manchester City .
id: 0bf217e7d65c2eb79d9a7e8fb1a502a9ecc305c1
chatgpt: Former Chelsea captain, John Terry, has used CCTV footage to prove his victory over Jamie Redknapp in a game of table tennis. Terry posted the footage on Instagram and boasted that he had "tucked in" Redknapp. The video, which was recorded on CCTV cameras, shows Terry and Redknapp playing a game of table tennis in what appears to be a leisure centre. In the footage, Terry can be seen scoring a point against Redknapp, and then celebrating his victory with a fist pump. Terry, who is currently the assistant manager at Aston Villa, posted the video on his Instagram account with the caption, "Tucked in @jamie.redknapp". The post quickly went viral, with fans of both players commenting on the video. The game of table tennis was played during Terry's downtime ahead of Chelsea's match against Manchester City. Terry is a former Chelsea captain and was with the club for over 19 years, making over 700 appearances for the team. Redknapp, on the other hand, is a former Liverpool and Tottenham Hotspur midfielder who is now a pundit on Sky Sports. He has also played for Bournemouth, Southampton, and Portsmouth during his career. This is not the first time that Terry has used social media to brag about his victories. Last year, he posted a video of himself scoring a goal against former England goalkeeper David James during a training session. Despite his retirement from playing professional football, Terry remains active on social media and is known for sharing updates on his personal life and his work as a coach. The video of Terry's victory over Redknapp has garnered thousands of views and comments, with fans of both players weighing in on the game. It remains to be seen whether Redknapp will respond to Terry's boast on social media.