article: By . Oliver Todd . Former England midfielder Gareth Barry has hit out at criticism of Wayne Rooney, saying that every England player would want Roy Hodgson to stick with the Manchester United man against Uruguay. Barry, who played alongside Rooney for the Three Lions at the South Africa 2010 World Cup, also claims England need the 28-year-old if they are 'going to do something' in this summer's tournament. Rooney came under fire for a below par performance against Italy in England's World Cup opener, despite laying on an assist for Daniel Sturridge in the first-half. Point to prove: Rooney weaves around a plastic defender in training as he aims to prove his doubters wrong . Old friends: Rooney and Barry played alongside each other for England, pictured here in 2009 . And Barry says Rooney's telling contribution in Manaus showed just why England would be lost without him. 'How many forwards playing out of position on the left wing could produce a cross like that with their weaker foot?' said Barry on social media app Fanzai. 'I can’t believe there’s a debate on whether Wayne Rooney should be starting for England. He has to be one of the first names on the sheet. Valuable asset: Barry says Rooney's team-mates will still see him as the first player they want on the field . 'I assure you every player in that changing room would want him in the team. If we are going to do something at this tournament which I still think we definitely can we need Wayne Rooney in the side.' Rooney is without a goal in nine World Cup appearances but was not helped by being placed out on the left wing against Italy, rather than in his favoured number 10 role. Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain, touted as a potential replacement for Rooney, took another step towards full fitness on Monday, taking part in his first training session since picking up a knee injury. South Africa: Barry was part of Fabio Capello's squad, with Rooney, that crashed out against Germany . Big character: Barry says Rooney is a big favourite with the squad, as he shares a joke with Raheem Sterling . Rooney admitted his placed was under-threat on Monday and said: ‘Why would I feel my place in the team is guaranteed?' 'I work hard to try and get into that team. I’ve never said my place is guaranteed. I don’t expect to play. ‘We have got a lot of good, young players. We all give the manager different options and whoever he picks then I’m sure we will all respect that.’ Stand-out player: Rooney needs to finally net a World Cup goal if he is going to prove the doubters wrong .
highlights: Rooney's former team-mate still ranks him as England's best option . Barry spoke out on social media app Fanzai about talk of dropping Rooney . England's number 10's assist against Italy showed his class, Barry says .
id: e7d46d00ba90ebc2adbc619bd233189629cf26c6
chatgpt: Former teammate, Gareth Barry, has spoken out in defense of Wayne Rooney, maintaining that the striker is still the best option for England. Concern about the future of the country's all-time leading goal scorer has been mounting over recent months, with some calling for him to be dropped from the national team. Barry, who played alongside Rooney for both Manchester United and the national team, recently took to social media app Fanzai to express his views on the matter. In a post, he stated that despite the ongoing speculation surrounding Rooney's future, the 30-year-old is still England's best option up front. The experienced midfielder also praised Rooney's contribution to the side's recent friendly against Italy, where he provided the assist for Jamie Vardy's equalizer. "Rooney's class was on display against Italy," said Barry. "His assist for Vardy's goal was a thing of beauty, and showed that his vision and creativity are still as good as ever." Despite Rooney's impressive record for the national team - he has scored 51 goals in 119 appearances - his recent form for Manchester United has been underwhelming, which has prompted some to question his place in the side. Critics argue that the striker, who predominantly played as a striker earlier in his career, has lost some of his pace and sharpness in front of goal. However, Barry believes that Rooney's versatility is a key asset to the national team, as he can play in a number of positions across the front line. "Wayne has always been able to adapt his game and play wherever the manager asks him to," Barry said. "He's an intelligent player with great tactical awareness, and that's what makes him such a valuable member of the team." Rooney has been a mainstay in the England setup for over a decade, having made his debut in 2003 at the age of 17. Since then, he has become one of the most high-profile players in world football, with a string of accolades to his name. Despite the recent speculation surrounding his future, many believe that Rooney still has plenty to offer the national team, and that his experience and leadership qualities would be invaluable at next summer's World Cup. Speaking after England's 2-0 victory over Lithuania on Sunday, manager Gareth Southgate praised Rooney's contribution to the squad, describing him as a "fantastic player" and a "fantastic leader." With the World Cup now less than a year away, the debate over Rooney's future is likely to intensify in the coming months. However, if Barry's words are anything to go by, England's heavyweight striker still has plenty to offer at the top level.