article: London, England (CNN)  -- Protesters called on the worldwide community to take action against Uganda Thursday as the African nation considers stricter laws against homosexuality. They compared Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni to some of the world's most notorious dictators. "In the last five years we have seen Idi Amin return to Uganda and his name is Yoweri Museveni," Ugandan human rights campaigner Michael Senyonjo told CNN. "He... is bringing in a bill in an attempt to criminalize being gay," the activist said. "That is not right. We cannot allow fascism to return to Uganda. He should leave power and go because he is not taking the country anywhere but to disaster," he added. Under proposed new laws currently being considered by the Ugandan parliament, those who test positive for HIV, the virus that causes AIDS, could face the death penalty. In addition, those convicted of having gay sex would be sentenced to life in prison, while anyone found guilty of engaging in homosexual relations on more than one occasion would be executed. The proposals could become law before the end of the year. Museveni has not publicly stated his support for the bill. Homosexuality is already illegal in Uganda under laws passed in the colonial era, but the new legislation is intended to provide prosecutors with more power. It has the blessing of various religious leaders, with one leading Muslim cleric -- Sheikh Ramathan Shaban Mubajje -- calling for all known homosexuals in the country to be rounded up and left on an island until they die. Thursday's protest at the Ugandan High Commission -- or embassy -- in London is one of several planned demonstrations around the world, and OutRage, another gay rights organization, is backing the calls for action to be taken. "President Museveni is fast becoming the Robert Mugabe of Uganda and that's a threat to the civil rights of every Ugandan person -- gay or straight," OutRage spokesman Peter Tatchell told CNN, referring to the authoritarian president of Zimbabwe. "There's a huge ground swell of public opinion that this bill goes way too far. Even people who say they're against homosexuality say this bill is excessive and a threat to the human rights of all Ugandans. "Uganda should drop this law and abide by international human rights legislation," Tatchell said.
highlights: Homosexuality illegal in Uganda but lawmakers considering tougher laws . Proposals include life sentences, death penalty as punishments for gay sex . Tatchell: Proposals "threaten civil rights of every Ugandan person -- gay or straight"
id: 7e3971f230f02bcaf6b0ee6635da51a4342943c6
chatgpt: Uganda's government is set to make homosexuality a crime punishable by life imprisonment or even death. The proposal has been met with widespread condemnation from human rights activists, including veteran British campaigner Peter Tatchell, who called it an attack on the "civil rights of every Ugandan person -- gay or straight." Homosexuality is already illegal in Uganda, but the government is considering toughening the laws on the books. If passed, the new measures would ban same-sex acts and impose penalties ranging from seven years imprisonment to the death penalty. The draft legislation is currently being debated in Uganda's parliament. The push to further criminalize homosexuality in the country is being driven by religious groups who claim that queer behavior is "unnatural" and goes against traditional Ugandan values. However, opponents of the bill say that it is part of a wider trend in Africa of targeting LGBT rights in the face of. The International Monetary Fund has already expressed its concerns about the latest proposal, warning that it could make it more difficult to attract international investment in the country. Tatchell, who has been at the forefront of LGBT activism for more than 30 years, described the new measure as an "attack on basic civil rights." He added that it would "promote fear, hatred, and discrimination" against gay individuals and all Ugandans who support their rights. The proposed legislation has drawn condemnation from other international figures as well. United Nations Secretary-General Antonio Guterres recently told reporters that he was "deeply concerned" about the bill advancing in Uganda's parliament. The proposed legislation's critics argue that democracy and human rights require allowing everyone to express their sexual orientation and gender identity. They also claim that persecuting and punishing LGBT people could deprive the country of valuable contributions from those individuals. Despite this, the Ugandan government has said that it won't be "intimidated" by international pressure to abandon the bill. Critics of the proposal fear that if it becomes law, it will lead to increased discrimination against gay individuals in the country and make it much harder for them to live free and open lives.