article: (CNN)  -- FIFA opened the door to the introduction of goal-line technology at the 2014 World Cup, but has put in place a rigorous testing program for companies hoping to win the contract. The world governing body said Tuesday that prototype systems will need to demonstrate a 90% accuracy rate in order to get through the first phase of the bidding process from September to December this year. They must then return with a 100% accurate product for the second and final testing phase between March and June 2012. The International FA Board, the game's law-making body, will be presented with the results of the testing at a special meeting in July 2012. If the IFAB is satisfied with the accuracy of the system, it could be in place for football's global showcase in Brazil two years later. Blog: Has the time arrived for change in football? FIFA said that the second round of tests would be held in "different lighting conditions" to simulate those likely to be found in the South American country. Pressure has grown on FIFA since this year's World Cup in South Africa after Frank Lampard's disallowed goal for England in the second-round match against Germany. Replays showed the ball had clearly crossed the line and FIFA later softened its stance on the introduction of technology. There have been renewed calls for action after last weekend's English Premier League match between Chelsea and Tottenham Hotspur. Ironically, this time midfielder Lampard benefited from the status quo as he was awarded a crucial goal despite TV replays showing Tottenham goalkeeper Heurelho Gomes had prevented it crossing the line after his fumble. British company Hawkeye, whose products are used in international cricket, is expected to be one of the companies to take part in the process. Preliminary tests held at FIFA headquarters in February saw 10 companies under the spotlight and all failed the 100% criteria, but it is believed three came close.
highlights: FIFA introduces testing program for goal-line technology at 2014 World Cup . Bidding companies must prove 100% success rate by next year . International FA Board will make decision in July 2012 . Pressure has grown after a series of high-profile incidents, two involving Frank Lampard .
id: 63053857648781612fbffc11fddd67902a0c7cf4
chatgpt: The FIFA executive committee has announced a testing program for goal-line technology ahead of the 2014 World Cup. This initiative follows increasing pressure from players, managers, and fans for greater accuracy in crucial decisions made by referees. Bidding companies will have to prove a 100% success rate in tests conducted in the stadiums where the World Cup games are to be held. The tests will take place from March 2012 to the end of the following January. The International FA Board (IFAB) is set to make a decision in July 2012, after which companies that are chosen will have one year to implement the technology in the stadium. Pressure has mounted on FIFA for the use of goal-line technology after several highly publicized incidents, including two involving Frank Lampard in the 2010 World Cup in South Africa. The incidents sparked widespread criticism and amplified the calls for the use of technology in these cases. Sepp Blatter, FIFA's president, has long been opposed to goal-line technology, but he has changed his stance after meeting with Lampard and several other high-profile players. In a statement, Blatter said that the testing program marks an "important step forward" for the sport and that it would provide more clarity in situations where match officials were unsure. He added that he is "confident that the use of technology will enhance the game." Several types of goal-line technology are currently under consideration, including magnetic fields, cameras, and sensors. IFAB is expected to reach a decision on which technology to use later this year. While experts have welcomed the move towards greater accuracy in decision-making, some have concerns about how the use of technology will affect the flow of the game. Critics argue that stoppages for reviews and decisions could disrupt gameplay and potentially ruin the atmosphere in stadiums. Nonetheless, the implementation of goal-line technology marks a significant step forward for the sport and a shift in attitudes towards using technology to improve referee decisions. If successful, it could pave the way for the use of technology in other areas of football. The program's results will be eagerly awaited by football fans around the world in the lead-up to the World Cup in Brazil in 2014.