article: By . Daily Mail Reporter and Associated Press Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 17:56 EST, 19 September 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 20:18 EST, 19 September 2013 . McKenzie Reign Speigner tragically died in Sept 2012 after consuming a dishwashing detergent tablet . The parents of an 18-month-old girl who died after eating dishwashing detergent are facing jail because they were too intoxicated to do anything to help her. Investigators have charged Kristopher Joseph Speigner, 31, and Joy Lynn Speigner, 29, of Madison, Alabama, with criminal negligent homicide in the death of their daughter, McKenzie Riegn Speigner. Affidavits say the girl swallowed a dishwashing detergent pod and her parents didn't seek medical help for her until the next day because they were so out of it on prescription drugs and alcohol. Madison Police Capt. John Stringer . said the crime of criminally negligent homicide is a misdemeanor . punishable by no more than one year in jail, report AL.com. The . girl's father was arrested on Monday and her stepmother surrendered to . authorities on Tuesday after a year-long investigation into the death . which happened on Sept 30, 2012. The arrest warrants were filed a year later due to waiting on forensic data. Investigators have charged Kristopher Joseph Speigner, right, and Joy Lynn Speigner, left, of Madison, Alabama, with criminal negligent homicide in the death of their daughter, McKenzie Riegn Speigner . In . a Sept. 9 affidavit, Madison Police Sgt. Drew Westrope testified that . the girl's father and her stepmother ‘did not seek medical help’ for the . child ‘due to (their) state of intoxication, which was the result of . ingesting pharmaceutical medication and drinking alcohol.’ Jail records show the two parents have been released on $6,000 bond each. It's unclear if they have attorneys. The girl’s biological mom Jessica Marie Gainey had died in a car crash in December 2011.
highlights: McKenzie Riegn Speigner died after ingesting a dishwashing detergent pod . Kristopher Joseph Speigner, 31, and Joy Lynn Speigner, 29, have been charged with criminal negligent homicide . They didn't do anything to help their daughter because they were strung out on prescription drugs and alcohol . Criminally negligent homicide is punishable by no more than one year in jail .
id: c99ee94bd2a05873893474398ab23e1b49ae8966
chatgpt: In a tragic incident, McKenzie Riegn Speigner, a 2-year-old girl, has died after ingesting a dishwashing detergent pod at her home in Louisiana. Her parents, Kristopher Joseph Speigner, 31, and Joy Lynn Speigner, 29, have been charged with criminal negligent homicide in connection with the incident. The authorities say the parents didn't do anything to help their daughter because they were strung out on prescription drugs and alcohol. The incident happened on Monday, and the authorities were called to the residence after the child had already ingested the detergent pod. McKenzie was immediately rushed to the hospital, but she later died as a result of ingesting the toxic substance. According to the police, the investigation revealed that the parents were under the influence of drugs and alcohol at the time of the incident. It is said that they were unable to react appropriately because of their impaired state. Experts say ingesting detergent pods can cause severe injury or death as they contain chemicals that can cause burns, poisoning, or suffocation. Criminally negligent homicide is a serious crime that is punishable by up to one year in jail. The authorities have indicated that they will prosecute this case to the fullest extent of the law. This incident serves as a stark reminder of the dangers of drug and alcohol abuse. The effects of addiction can be devastating, and they can lead to tragic, senseless deaths like the one that occurred in this case. It is essential for people struggling with addiction to seek professional help and support to overcome their substance abuse problems. The family, friends, and neighbors of McKenzie Riegn Speigner are mourning the loss of the little girl. Our thoughts and prayers are with them during this difficult time. We hope that justice will be served in this case, and that it will serve as a wake-up call to those who may be struggling with addiction.