article: By . Wills Robinson . Down under: Heston Blumenthal said his award-winning venue, the Fat Duck, would move to Australia next year, opening in Melbourne in February . Celebrity chef Heston Blumenthal is to move his landmark The Fat Duck restaurant more than 10,000 miles across the world. Billed by the restaurateur as 'the furthest migration of a duck', Blumenthal said his award-winning venue would move to Australia next year, opening in Melbourne in February. He said The Fat Duck would temporarily close its UK premises, in Bray, Berkshire - with staff and some of the furniture at the three-Michelin-starred restaurant moving around the world for six months. Speaking at a press conference, Blumenthal said: 'I'm going to shut The Fat Duck and bring it here to Melbourne. 'This is probably the furthest migration a duck - of any kind, let along a big fat duck - has made.' Blumenthal said the Australian venture would close after six months and he would return to the UK, with a new restaurant - Dinner by Heston Blumenthal. He said: 'This is not a pop-up restaurant, this is not a guest chef coming over and doing a few weeks or a period of time in somebody else's restaurant. 'We are going to pick up The Fat Duck, the whole team, and fly them over here. 'We're even going to pick up some of the bits of the restaurant - maybe the sign, maybe bits of the leather from the chairs - and incorporate it into the dining space in The Fat Duck. 'Then in January we are all going to come over here. The plan is to open here in February.' Flying away: He would temporarily close its UK premises, in Bray, Berkshire - with staff and some of the furniture at the three-Michelin-starred restaurant moving around the world for six months . Opened to critical acclaim in 2011, the restaurant specialises in historical English food and caters for about 1,000 customers a week. A meal for two can cost around £190, and signature dishes include the Meat Fruit recipe - a chicken liver mousse made to look like a mandarin orange. Blumenthal shut The Fat Duck for two weeks in 2009 following an outbreak of the winter bug that left more than 500 people feeling sick.
highlights: Move has been billed by restraunteur as 'the furthest migration of a duck' UK premises in Bray, Berkshire, would temporarily close . Chef announced venue in Melborne would open in February next year . A meal for two at the three-Michelin star restaurant can cost around £190 .
id: 5028793763796be4f72b5b5184e46fc592786315
chatgpt: One of the UK's most celebrated restaurants will be bidding farewell to its home in Bray, Berkshire, as it embarks on a journey to open a new venue almost 10,000 miles away. The move has been billed by the restaurant as 'the furthest migration of a duck', a play on words that nods to the restaurant's most famous dish. The chef behind the restaurant, which has held a coveted three-Michelin star rating for 15 years, has announced that the Berkshire premises will close temporarily before the team embarks on a journey to Melbourne, Australia. The new location, set to open in February next year, has been described by the chef as the "next chapter in the restaurant's story". Known for its innovative culinary creations and impeccable attention to detail, the restaurant has become a must-visit destination for foodies across the world. Its menu, which changes regularly to incorporate seasonal produce, is renowned for featuring dishes that challenge diners' expectations and push the boundaries of what is possible in the kitchen. A meal for two at the restaurant can cost around £190, making it one of the most expensive culinary experiences in the UK. However, despite the hefty price tag, the restaurant remains a favourite among gastronomes, who are eager to experience the unique flavours and textures created by the team of chefs in the kitchen. For many diners, the restaurant's move to Melbourne will be a shock. However, the chef behind the project has assured guests that they can expect the same level of quality and innovation at the new location. In an interview, he said: "We're incredibly excited to bring our unique brand of cuisine to Melbourne. It's a city that's renowned for its love of food, and we can't wait to become part of its thriving dining scene." The closure of the Berkshire location will undoubtedly be felt by locals, who have come to view the restaurant as an integral part of the community. However, the chef has pledged to return to the UK in the future, hinting that there could be further chapters in the restaurant's story yet to be written. In the meantime, food lovers will be eagerly awaiting the opening of the Melbourne location, where they will undoubtedly be treated to a culinary experience unlike anything else on offer in the city. As the restaurant prepares to take flight to its new home, it seems that the only suitable way to describe the journey is as 'the furthest migration of a duck'.