article: By . Sian Boyle . UK Vogue editor: Alexandra Shulman said readers can look in the mirror and get the real thing 'for free' The UK Vogue editor has argued against putting ‘real people’ on the cover of her magazine - because readers can look in the mirror and get the real thing ‘for free’. Alexandra Shulman, who has edited the publication since 1992, also said she was ‘fed up’ of questions about thin models and the fashion industry. She said: ‘People always say “why do you have thin models? That’s not what real people look like.” But nobody really wants to see a real person looking like a real person on the cover of Vogue. ‘I think Vogue is a magazine that’s all about fantasy to some extent and dreams, and an escape from real life. ‘People don’t want to buy a magazine like Vogue to see what they see when they look in the mirror. They can do that for free.’ The editor was interviewed on BBC Radio 2 by singer Lily Allen, who has previously spoken out against the media and fashion industries causing negative body image among women. On Vogue and the fashion industry, Ms Shulman said: ‘I guess a certain amount of defending comes with the job. The magazine does really well, so obviously some people like it and it’s not a real problem. Outspoken: The editor was interviewed by singer Lily Allen (pictured centre at London Fashion Week last month), who claims the media and fashion industries cause negative body image among women . Glossy magazines: Ms Shulman said she was 'fed up' of questions about thin models and the fashion industry . ‘I get fed up with having to deal with the question of why are models thin, that sort of bores me, but that’s the only thing really. ‘I do think designers should cut bigger and use bigger models on the catwalk. I’ve said it again and again. But there is much more diversity than there used to be, it is changing.’ 'People don’t want to buy a magazine like Vogue to see what they see when they look in the mirror. They can do that for free' Alexandra Shulman . She also described the Vogue cover images that sell the most copies, adding that the most popular ones were ‘broadly speaking…quite a middle view of what beauty is. 'Quite conventional, probably smiling, in a pretty dress; somebody looking very “lovely”. The most perfect girl next door.’ Next month’s cover star is Nigella Lawson, whose photographs were praised for their natural look. The popular TV chef appears on the front of April Vogue virtually make-up free.
highlights: Alexandra Shulman says readers can get real thing 'for free' in mirrors . She is 'fed up' of questions about thin models and the fashion industry . Editor says Vogue is 'magazine that's all about fantasy to some extent'
id: d4ed45409ce31525108b3d8b5b28542e07d708d6
chatgpt: Alexandra Shulman, the former Editor-in-Chief of British Vogue, has spoken out about the criticism leveled at the fashion industry and the obsession with thin models. She is "fed up" with the constant questions surrounding this issue and encourages people to look into the mirrors for the "real thing." Speaking recently, Shulman stated that she is tired of answering questions about the fashion industry's responsibility when it comes to promoting unhealthy body standards. She believes that people should take responsibility for their own perceptions of beauty and stop waiting for magazines or fashion designers to dictate what is or isn't beautiful. In her opinion, the "real thing" can be found by looking in the mirror and accepting oneself unconditionally. Shulman went on to say that she feels the fashion industry has become a scapegoat for societal issues. She suggests that people are obsessed with having someone to blame for their negative self-image, rather than looking at the underlying causes of their own dysmorphia or lack of self-esteem. She is keen to emphasize that Vogue is simply a magazine that celebrates beauty and fashion, and is not responsible for the wider issues related to body image, societal expectations or eating disorders. The fashion industry has long been criticized for promoting thinness and unhealthy body standards. However, there have been positive shifts in recent years, with more and more designers creating collections for a range of body sizes and shapes. There is also a growing trend towards using models with visible disabilities, showing that fashion is becoming more inclusive and diverse. Shulman's comments may provoke controversy, but they also raise important questions about how we perceive ourselves and others. It is clear that the fashion industry has a role to play in promoting healthy standards of beauty, but it is also important for individuals to take responsibility for their own sense of self-worth and self-image. Looking deeper into the underlying causes of negative self-perception is a key step towards overcoming issues related to body image, and Shulman's message about the power of the mirror to show us the "real thing" is a powerful one. In a world that is increasingly obsessed with appearances, it is important to remind ourselves that true beauty lies in individuality and self-acceptance. Shulman's message is a timely one, and reminds us that we all have a responsibility to promote positive self-image, both in ourselves and in the wider world. By looking in the mirror and embracing our true selves, we can overcome the negative perceptions that are all too prevalent in today's society, and take a step towards a more positive and inclusive future.