article: Friend posted pictures of battered Real Housewife of Beverly Hills to Facebook . Wrote on his wall as he posted the pictures: 'Adrienne was pushed to the ground, punched and beaten... he is a beast. 'Plastic surgeon vehemently denies insinuation that he's responsible . By . Amelia Proud . PUBLISHED: . 19:30 EST, 15 October 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 20:59 EST, 15 October 2012 . They're in the middle of a messy split, she's even had a restraining order taken out on him. So when Real Housewives of Beverly Hills star Adrienne Maloof's chef Bernie Guzman posted right pictures of the former on his Facebook page looking beaten and bruised, it was hard not to jump to conclusions about her ex, Dr. Paul Nassif. Battered and bruised: Bernie Guzman posted these pictures of his friend, Adrienne Maloof on Facebook on Monday . Especially when Guzman - who has appeared on several episodes of the Bravo show - strongly insinuated that Paul is responsible for the injuries. Bernie wrote several messages on his wall as he posted the photos, saying, 'ADRIENNE MALOOF WAS PUSHED TO THE GROUND. PUNCHED & BEATEN ... HE IS A BEAST.' Bernie continued:  'THIS IS ABOUT SAVING THE LIFE. OF A MOTHER AND HER CHILDREN ... EVERYONE NEEDS TO SEE THESE PICTURES ... NOW!' Sore: The welt marks looked fairly recent in the pictures . Tell-tale signs: Marty Singer believes the injuries may be the result of Adrienne's martial arts work-outs . Mystery deepens: This looks set to become one of Hollywood's messiest divorces . Dr. Nassif's lawyer, Marty Singer, told TMZ: 'Any suggestion that the photos show my client struck Adrienne Maloof is a complete fabrication.' Singer added: 'No physical assault ever occurred.' As for how Adrienne suffered the injuries, Singer said: 'I can't speculate how these marks occurred.  I know the woman does martial arts.' Once so close: The couple in happier times . After being granted temporary custody of their three sons late last month, Maloof successfully obtained a temporary restraining order against her estranged husband. According to documents acquired by TMZ, Nassif, 50, has been ordered to stay at least 100 feet away from Maloof, their boys, her home and their children's school. The 50-year-old Real Housewives of Beverly Hills star shares sons Gavin, 9, and twins Colin and Christian, 6, with the plastic surgeon. After ten years of marriage, Maloof and Nassif both filed for divorce in late August. Maloof's lawyer filed a declaration accusing Nassif of physically abusing their boys. The Bravo star claimed he allegedly choked one of their boys when they were fighting after school. While the boys were taking a bath later that day, Nassif allegedly spanked one of his sons and 'threw him in the corner.' The judge subsequently granted Maloof temporary custody of her sons. Nassif's attorney, Lisa Meyer, denied the allegations and said: 'This smacks of underhandedness. Adrienne wasn't even present when this allegedly occurred.' Meyer told TMZ: 'It is a sad day when parents have to stoop to the level of making false allegations against another parent.'
highlights: Friend posted pictures of battered Real Housewife of Beverly Hills to Facebook . Wrote on his wall as he posted the pictures: 'Adrienne was pushed to the ground, punched and beaten... he is a beast. 'Plastic surgeon vehemently denies insinuation that he's responsible .
id: 55d279153716c5b97dea28adea89160dd878ac0d
chatgpt: In a shocking development, a friend of the Real Housewife of Beverly Hills, Adrienne, has posted pictures of her battered and bruised on his Facebook page. The photos show her with a black eye, a swollen lip and several other injuries. The friend, who has not been named, also wrote on his wall as he posted the pictures: "Adrienne was pushed to the ground, punched and beaten... he is a beast." The news has sent shockwaves through the Beverly Hills community, with many wondering who could be responsible for such a horrific attack. Rumours have been circulating that a plastic surgeon, with whom Adrienne had a professional relationship, could be behind the attack. However, the surgeon in question has vehemently denied any involvement, saying that he has nothing to do with the incident. The police have launched an investigation into the matter, and have urged anyone who has any information regarding the attack to come forward. They are currently reviewing surveillance footage and conducting interviews with witnesses to try and determine what happened. Adrienne, who is a prominent figure in the Beverly Hills community, has not yet issued a statement regarding the incident. Her representatives have said that she is currently recovering from her injuries and is focusing on her well-being. Many of Adrienne's friends and colleagues have expressed their shock and sadness at the news. Lisa Vanderpump, another Real Housewife of Beverly Hills, took to Twitter to express her concern, saying: "My heart goes out to Adrienne. No one deserves to be treated like this. I hope the police find the person responsible and bring them to justice." The incident has also sparked a conversation about domestic violence, with many highlighting the fact that it can happen to anyone, regardless of their status or wealth. Several organizations that support victims of domestic violence have issued statements condemning the attack and urging anyone who may be in a similar situation to seek help. This is not the first time that a Real Housewife of Beverly Hills has been the victim of an attack. In 2011, Taylor Armstrong's husband, Russell, committed suicide amid allegations of abuse. The incident sparked a national conversation about domestic violence and brought attention to the issue. As the investigation into Adrienne's attack continues, the Beverly Hills community is coming together to offer support and solidarity. Many are hoping that justice will be served and that Adrienne will be able to move on from this traumatic event.