article: By . Spencer Matthews . I've got a brand new training method for my abs and pecs – firing 70mph baseballs at them. Sounds a bit painful and, frankly, it is. You simply stand in the nets in front of a baseball pitching machine and take it like a man when the ball hits you in the chest. If you don't believe me watch the video below. I don't think it's likely to catch on as a new fitness craze - and kids please don't try this at home. Although, thinking about it, it's unlikely that many people will own a baseball pitching machine – but you know what I mean. SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO . This week Spencer says goodbye to the Big Apple in true New York style with a trip along the Hudson: Left to right, Spencer, Proudlock, Binky, Lucy, Stevie and Sam . Seriously though, Jamie and I have been hitting the gym, or rather working out on our roof. Interval training, press-ups, squats, burpees, sits, leg raises, crunches, swimmers – basic gymnast conditioning exercises, high intensity with only 10-20 second rests in between reps. I pop a couple of Forza T5 Super Strength in the morning then do 50 minutess of this physical torture on the roof. Only problem is that we've had to do this pretty early in the morning as there's been a crazy heat-wave over here up to 30C. One time we tried the work out at midday and nearly collapsed from dehydration. You can see me and Jamie post-work out with TV presenter Marissa Montgomery. Spencer and Jamie have been keeping up their fitness levels in NYC, here they are pictured post work-out with TV presenter Marissa Montgomery. So my advice is if you want to do the Forza high-intensity circuits – do it early in the morning or late afternoon. Then you will be ready for a bit of body baseball. So we've finished our job in the Big Apple making Made In Chelsea NYC. All is left to do is the wrap party – which is clearly going to be huge – I'll let you know all about that next week, if I remember any of it. Everyone from the cast is de-mob happy now and looking forward to the last few days in this amazing city. Enjoying the sun? Jamie takes a selfie in the New York heat . Spencer and Proudlock let their hair down during their final days in New York . We have made an amazing TV show and we've made some new best friends here. Morale couldn't be higher here and there's been a lot of fun and light-hearted japery - you can see me having a floppy hair length competition with Oliver Proudlock (he won clearly and he's very Proud of his locks, geddit?) So, we are coming back soon, so watch out Chelsea, we're coming home. Lots of love, Spencer xxx . Lots of love, Spencer xxx .
highlights: Spencer has officially finished filming in New York . He celebrated his departure with a trip along the Hudson with his co-stars . Proudlock challenges him to a floppy hair contest (and wins)
id: 7512aef2623ed90361acbfdc8cfbeb2ffa5d4469
chatgpt: Spencer Matthews, the former star of Made in Chelsea, has officially finished filming in New York. The reality TV personality celebrated his departure from the Big Apple in style by taking a trip along the scenic Hudson River, accompanied by his co-stars. Matthews, who has been busy filming for his new reality show, 'The Spencer Matthews Experience', took some time off to decompress before heading back to London. The 32-year-old was spotted enjoying the beautiful New York skyline from the vantage point of a boat travelling along the Hudson River. Accompanying Spencer on his boat ride were fellow Made in Chelsea stars, Proudlock and Jamie Laing. The trio appeared to be having a great time, laughing and joking around with each other as they enjoyed the sights. While out on the boat, Proudlock challenged Spencer to a floppy hair contest. Despite putting up a valiant effort, Spencer was no match for Proudlock's unruly locks, and the latter emerged as the winner of the competition. Speaking about his time filming in New York, Spencer said, "It's been a crazy few weeks, but I've had an absolute blast filming The Spencer Matthews Experience. It's been a real challenge, but I think we've created something really special that people are going to love." The reality star went on to express his gratitude towards his co-stars, Proudlock and Jamie Laing, saying that they had helped make his time in New York an unforgettable experience. "It's been great having Proudlock and Jamie here with me. They're great guys, and they've been really supportive throughout the whole filming process. I couldn't have done it without them." Spencer's time in New York may have come to an end, but fans of the star will be excited to see what he has in store next. 'The Spencer Matthews Experience' is set to air later this year, and is already generating buzz for its unique concept and star-studded cast. As for Proudlock, it seems that his floppy hair reigns supreme. The star's luscious locks have long been a point of discussion among Made in Chelsea fans, and it looks like they will continue to be a topic of conversation for the foreseeable future. All in all, Spencer's departure from New York may have been bittersweet, but it was clear from the boat ride along the Hudson that the star was ready to take on whatever challenges lay ahead. With his trademark charisma and determination, there's no doubt that Spencer will continue to keep fans entertained for years to come.