article: After Andrew Flintoff's brief return in Brisbane, England enlisted the help of another familiar face in Hobart. Yorkshire bowler Tim Bresnan has been in the Tasmanian capital playing for Big Bash franchise Hobart Hurricanes and was invited to link up with the World Cup squad at their latest training session. The 29-year-old, who last played for England last March during the World Twenty20, was on hand to take part in fielding drills and send down a few overs of bustling medium-pace in the nets. Tim Bresnan took part in England's  training session in Hobart and was on hand for some fielding drills . Bresnan is all smiles stood next to James Taylor and Eoin Morgan (centre) during England's training session . Bresnan plays touch rugby with Chris Woakes (left) during a nets session at Bellerive Oval on Wednesday . Bresnan may also have been able to pass on some local knowledge about the Bellerive Oval pitch, just as Flintoff was invited to do when England played at the Gabba - home of the all-rounder's Brisbane Heat side. But while Flintoff is well and truly part of England's past, Bresnan still harbours hopes of a recall. An experienced player in all three formats, Bresnan has fallen down the pecking order since undergoing surgery on an elbow injury. But with a packed 2015 schedule only just beginning, he will have been hopeful of making an impression on head coach Peter Moores, who has yet to select him since returning to the job. Andrew Flintoff joined the camp to pass on his experience to the younger members of the England team .
highlights: Tim Bresnan took part in fielding drills during training on Thursday . Bresan last played for England during the World Twenty20 in March . The 29-year-old still has hope of an England recall .
id: 1dd0762030ae1c41ef9bd623fccb4e5912867e22
chatgpt: Former England all-rounder, Tim Bresnan, participated in fielding drills during his team’s training session on Thursday. The 29-year-old cricketer has been out of the national team since his last appearance at the World Twenty20 in March this year. Despite this setback, Bresnan remains hopeful of an England recall and is pushing himself to excel in every opportunity he gets. Bresnan was known as a valuable team player during his time with the national side, impressing with both bat and ball. However, injuries have hindered his performances in the recent years. He is currently playing County cricket for Yorkshire, where he has been performing consistently, picking up wickets and contributing with the bat. Speaking to the media after the training session, Bresnan expressed his gratitude to be a part of the team's preparations. He acknowledged his experience and hoped that it could be an advantage in his bid to regain his place in the national squad. Bresnan also expressed his confidence in his current form and hoped that his performances for Yorkshire would be enough to catch the selectors' attention. England currently has a well-rounded team, with a mix of seasoned veterans and talented youngsters. Bresnan's addition to the team would certainly add another level of experience and depth to the bowling attack. However, competition for places in the team is fierce, with many young players vying for a spot in the playing eleven. Despite the challenge ahead, Bresnan continues to remain driven and focused. He knows that a lot of hard work is required, but with his determination and skills, he remains hopeful of a return to the England squad. Cricket fans around the world would certainly love to see Bresnan in action again, breaking through the opposition's batting line-up with his exceptional bowling skills.