article: A former pitching coach at The University of Miami allegedly injected a minor athlete with the same human growth hormone supposedly given to suspended New York Yankee player Alex Rodriguez 'A-Rod'. Lazaro 'Lazer' Daniel Collazo, 50, is charged with conspiracy to distribute testosterone and human growth hormone (HGH) to Major League Baseball (MLB) players and high school athletes. An indictment filed on Thursday states that Collazo injected a minor with HGH in June of 2012 and ordered HGH twice, once in 2011 and 2012 also for distribution to a minor, reports NBC. Charged: Lazaro 'Lazer' Daniel Collazo, 50, is charged with conspiracy to distribute testosterone and human growth hormone (HGH) to Major League Baseball (MLB) players and high school athletes . Suspended: Alexander Rodriguez 'A-Rod' is one of 14 Major and minor league baseball players suspended in connection to the HGH Biogenesis clinic investigation . Collazo supposedly acquired the HGH from the Biogenesis anti-aging clinic founded by Anthony Bosch. Bosch has plead guilty and is cooperating with the feds. The New York Daily News reports that Collazo posted a $50,000 bond last week, wasn't jailed, and is free unless he violates any of the bond conditions. During the U.S. Attorney's press conference on August 5, Prosecutor Wifredo Ferrer labelled Collazo 'a customer of Bosch's who recruited high school athletes and other individuals.' The Drug Enforcement Administration special agent Mark Trouville added that Collazo represented a 'particularly disturbing part of this investigation.' Pleaded guilty: Anthony Bosch the former Biogenesis of America clinic owner pictured here in August has pleaded guilty and is cooperating with investigators . 'He utilized his close to 30 years involvement in South Florida baseball. He used these connections to actively recruit underage high school athletes for Mr. Bosch,' said Trouville. Collazo is one of four men from South Florida, including the cousin of Alex Rodriguez, charged in a superseding indictment filed on Thursday in Miami, announced the Attorney for the Southern District of Florida today. Alex Rodriguez's cousin, 52-year-old Yuri Sucart, along with Juan Carlos Nunez, 48, and Paulo Berejuk, 50, are all charged in the indictment. NBC reports that Berejuk was denied bond in a federal court on Thursday. The Drug Enforcement Administration said that Berejuk made performance-enhancing drugs in his garage and supplied Bosch with it for several years. Bosch has pleaded guilty and is cooperating with investigators, including providing key information to the DEA about Berejuk's involvement. Collazo’s attorney, Frank Quintero Jr., said he spoke with a prosecutor who said that the government has no evidence that Collazo provided performance-enhancing drugs. Collazo left the University of Miami in 2003 after nearly 18 years with the Hurricanes. A-Rod is one of 14 Major and minor league baseball players suspended in connection to the investigation. Former coach: Lazaro Collazo left the University of Miami in 2003 after nearly 18 years with the Hurricanes .
highlights: Lazaro Daniel Collazo, 50, is charged with conspiracy to distribute testosterone and human growth hormone (HGH) to Major League Baseball (MLB) players and high school athletes . Collazo allegedly injected a minor with HGH in June of 2012 and ordered HGH twice, once in 2011 and 2012 for distribution to a minor . Collazo supposedly acquired the HGH from the Biogenesis anti-aging clinic founded by Anthony Bosch who has plead guilty . A-Rod is one of 14 Major and minor league baseball players suspended in connection to the Biogenesis investigation .
id: 6be95d04d0edefa33f03c0a7f43bf5fabd973993
chatgpt: Lazaro Daniel Collazo, a 50-year-old man from Florida, has been charged with conspiracy to distribute testosterone and human growth hormone (HGH) to Major League Baseball (MLB) players and high school athletes. The allegations against Collazo include injecting a minor with HGH in June of 2012 and ordering HGH twice, once in 2011 and 2012, for distribution to a minor. The HGH in question is thought to have been acquired from the now-infamous Biogenesis anti-aging clinic, which was founded by Anthony Bosch. Bosch has already pleaded guilty to charges related to the clinic, which was found to have been distributing performance-enhancing drugs (PEDs) to a number of high-profile athletes. A-Rod, one of the most well-known players in modern baseball, was one of 14 Major and minor league baseball players suspended in connection to the Biogenesis investigation. The allegations against Collazo suggest a widespread and coordinated effort to distribute PEDs to both professional and amateur athletes. This is a clear violation of MLB's anti-doping policies, which aim to keep the sport free from the influence of PEDs. In recent years, the use of performance-enhancing drugs has become a major issue in professional sports, with many athletes seeking to gain an advantage over their competitors. However, the use of these drugs has serious health risks and can also damage the integrity of the sport itself. As a result, organizations like MLB have taken significant steps to address the issue, including harsh penalties for players found to be using PEDs. The incident involving Collazo and the Biogenesis clinic is just one example of the kind of activity that goes against these policies and puts athletes at risk. It remains to be seen what kind of punishment Collazo will face for his alleged involvement in this scheme. However, the fact that he has been charged with conspiracy to distribute PEDs is a clear indication of the severity of the allegations against him. For MLB and its fans, the incident is a reminder of the ongoing battle to keep the sport clean and free from the influence of performance-enhancing drugs. While there is still much work to be done, incidents like this suggest that progress is being made in the fight against PEDs and other forms of cheating in professional sports.