article: (CNN) -- Ezequiel Lavezzi scored twice and strike partner Edinson Cavani also found the net as Napoli recovered from going a goal behind to beat Chelsea 3-1 in the first leg of their Champions League last 16 tie. After Arsenal's 4-0 thumping in Milan last week, Chelsea had an ideal opportunity to restore some pride for English clubs against Serie A opposition. And they got off to a superb start on a wet evening in southern Italy, by taking a 27th-minute lead. Villas Boas - Chelsea owners backing me in private . Dean Sturridge broke on the right for the visitors but his ball into the penalty area should have been dealt with by the Napoli defense. However, Paolo Cannavaro sliced his attempted clearance up in the air and Spanish international Juan Mata was lurking behind the defender to side-foot his shot past goalkeeper Morgan De Sanctis. However, both defenses looked vulnerable in difficult conditions and it was no surprise when the home side leveled just 11 minutes later. Argentine striker Lavezzi collected the ball on the edge of the box and jinked inside Chelsea's Raul Meireles before curling a sublime shot into the corner of Peter Cech's net. And, Napoli completed their turnaround in stoppage time at the end of the first half when Gokhan Inler's deep cross was bundled home by Cavani, who had drifted in behind the Chelsea defense. Both sides wasted opportunities to score in an end-to-end second half, but it was Napoli who found the net again with a third goal in the 65th minute. David Luiz failed to deal with a long ball out of the Napoli defense and allowed Cavani to nip ahead of him. The Uruguayan did superbly to steady himself and slide the ball across for the on-rushing Lavezzi to stroke him his second to double Napoli's lead. A poor night for Chelsea could have become worse late on, when Ashley Cole's goalline clearance deprived Christian Maggio of scoring a fourth goal which would surely have sealed Napoli's qualification into the quarterfinals. Chelsea have now gone five matches without a victory as speculation continues over the future of under-pressure manager Andre Villas Boas. And the result also means the very real possibility of no English sides reaching the last eight of the competition for the first time since 1996.
highlights: Ezequiel Lavezzi nets a double as Napoli come from behind to defeat Chelsea 3-1 in Italy . Edinson Cavani scores Napoli's other goal after Juan Mata had given Chelsea the lead . The result means England are in danger of having no teams in the Champions League last eight .
id: a8e2f44c5905b8a4c4fb07f17b542c28b144c6a7
chatgpt: In a thrilling encounter between two European giants, Napoli triumphed over Chelsea, coming from behind to secure a 3-1 victory in Italy. The star of the show was undoubtedly Ezequiel Lavezzi, who scored a brace to inspire his team to glory. The match got off to an electric start, with both sides playing with intent and creativity. Chelsea took the lead after 27 minutes, with Juan Mata scoring a well-taken goal to put the visitors ahead. However, Napoli refused to let their heads drop and pushed forward in search of an equalizer. Their perseverance paid off just five minutes later when Lavezzi scored a superb solo goal to level the scores. The Argentine forward picked up the ball just outside the Chelsea penalty area, beat two defenders with a series of deft touches before unleashing a powerful shot that sailed into the back of the net, much to the delight of the home fans. Napoli continued to press forward, and their efforts were rewarded again in the 45th minute when Edinson Cavani scored a stunning goal to give the hosts the lead. The Uruguayan striker received a pass from Lavezzi just inside the Chelsea penalty area, turned his defender with ease and curled a shot into the top right-hand corner of the net, leaving the Chelsea goalkeeper with no chance. Chelsea tried to fight back after the break, but Napoli's defense held strong, and the home side added a third goal in the 65th minute when Lavezzi scored his second goal of the game. The move started at the back, with Napoli's defense playing a series of intricate passes that caught Chelsea off guard. Lavezzi received the final pass just outside the box and calmly slotted the ball past the Chelsea goalkeeper to seal the victory. The result means that England is in danger of having no teams in the Champions League last eight. With Arsenal and Manchester United losing their first legs, it is up to Chelsea to overturn their deficit in the return leg at Stamford Bridge. Speaking after the game, Napoli manager Walter Mazzarri praised his team's fighting spirit and hailed Lavezzi's performance. "We knew it would be a tough game, but we played with heart and determination. Lavezzi was fantastic tonight, and he deserves all the plaudits he gets." The defeat is a significant blow to Chelsea's hopes of European success, but with the return leg still to come, they will be hoping to overturn the deficit and progress to the next round. For Napoli, it was a night to cherish, and they will be hoping to carry their form into their next game.