article: A student was left feeling sick when she opened a box of doughnuts delivered by Domino’s Pizza and found them covered in mould. Chloe Smith, 20, and a friend ordered a pizza and the sweet treats - a recent addition to the chain’s menu - from a branch in Teddington, south-west London, following a late night study session. But they opened the doughnut box and were hit by a stench, with all four covered in black mould. Now Miss Smith has insisted she will not be buying from Domino’s again after the nasty surprise. Shocking: A student opened a box of doughnuts delivered by Domino's to find they were covered in mould . 'Mould and fur': Miss Smith has insisted she will not be buying from Domino’s again after the nasty surprise . She said: ‘At first we thought it might be chocolate chips but then the stench that come from the box was so overpowering. They were covered in mould and fur. ‘It’s amazing we weren’t sick. How could someone put that in a box and send it out for delivery? If I’d eaten one of those I could have been seriously ill.’ The manager of the Domino’s branch apologised and offered a refund to Miss Smith, a primary education student at St Mary’s University, Twickenham, who is from Dulwich. She said: ‘I spoke to the manager from the store and all he wanted to offer was a refund, but that’s not good enough.’ How they should look: The doughnuts, pictured in a press image, are a recent addition to the chain’s menu . Refund offered: The manager of the Domino’s branch (above) in Teddington, south-west London, apologised . A Domino’s spokesman said the matter was being taken ‘extremely seriously’. She said: ‘Food quality is of utmost priority for Domino’s and we have strict processes and procedures in place for handling all ingredients and products. ‘We have asked that the customer contact us immediately in order for us to conduct a full and thorough investigation into this issue.’ Miss Smith has complained to Richmond upon Thames London Borough Council and environmental health officers are now investigating.
highlights: Chloe Smith and friend ordered pizza and doughnuts from London branch . Opened box and were hit by stench - with all four covered in black mould . Miss Smith, 20, says it was 'amazing' she and her friend were not sick .
id: a45a7df13440c8bdab1fdbad2e31087cf5e6eec6
chatgpt: Two youngsters in the UK got the shock of their lives when a pizza and doughnut order from their go-to fast food establishment turned out to be infested with black mould. Chloe Smith, 20, and her friend were excitedly anticipating a feast from the London-based pizza joint. However, upon opening the boxes, they were greeted with a revolting stench and heaps of black mould.  According to Miss Smith, the sight of the food covered in mould was "amazing" in the worst way possible, but what's even more surprising was that they didn't fall ill. The awful condition of the fast food prompts the question of the establishment's hygiene standards. Smith shared their experience on social media, and the post has since gone viral. People were astonished that such an establishment could allow a situation like this to occur. Commenters have described the situation as unsanitary and unconscionable, with some even advising Smith to escalate the matter to the authorities. The management of the pizza joint has since issued an apology, with a spokesperson claiming that the pizza and doughnuts were delivered at lunchtime and that they were unaware of any issue when they left the kitchen. The spokesperson also assured customers that they would be reinforcing their food safety processes to prevent any similar snafus in the future. This case is a clear indication of the importance of proper food safety procedures in any restaurant or food establishment. Cases like this that are often shared on social media have the potential to inflict considerable damage to the reputation of the establishment, and the best course of action is to maintain a clean facility and follow proper hygiene regulations. The incident, which many feel was an avoidable one, goes to highlight the need for restaurants to up their hygiene game, adhere to food safety protocols, and ensure that food is delivered to customers fresh, safe, and in pristine condition. In conclusion, fast food places, especially pizza joints, should take this situation seriously and strive to improve their processes. It goes without saying that customers deserve nothing less than clean, tasty and safe food.