article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 10:18 EST, 4 October 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 12:14 EST, 4 October 2013 . An Oregon high school student has captured a video of his school bus driver apparently falling asleep at the wheel. Nicholas Sayre, a 17-year-old junior at Lincoln High School in Portland, told The Oregonian that he noticed the driver's tendency to doze off weeks ago. 'The guy keeps falling asleep. It's just not safe,' Sayre told the Oregonian. 'Everybody screws up, but don't do it with 20 kids on your bus.' An Oregon high school student has captured a video of his school bus driver (seen in the rear-view mirror) apparently falling asleep at the wheel . Nichlas Sayre, a 17-year-old junior, said he noticed the driver's tendency to doze off weeks ago . Worried about his safety, he recorded the video and shared it with his parents and teachers. The driver is seen in the bus's rear-view mirror and his eyes appear closed as he slows to a stop at an intersection. Once the bus comes to a full stop, the driver appears to waken and shakes his head, then rubs his forehead. Toward the end of the 30-second video, his head appears to fall onto the chest strap of his seatbelt. The principal of Sayre's high school, Peyton Chapman, sent the video to the Portland Public School transportation service. The transportation service responded by firing the driver, according to The Oregonian. It turns out that other students had complained about the same driver before Sayre recorded the video. Once the bus comes to a full stop, the driver appears to waken and shakes his head, then rubs his forehead . It turns out that other students had complained about the same driver before Sayre recorded the video . The transportation service said it contacted First Student, the agency it uses to bus kids to school, regarding the earlier and were told that the driver would be monitored. But it took Sayre's video to put him out of a job. The driver's identity has not been revealed. Sayre said he intends to keep an eye on his new driver, as well. 'I'll probably pay attention to this bus driver too,' he said. 'You know, just in case we get two in a row.'
highlights: Nicholas Sayre, a 17-year-old junior at Lincoln High School in Portland, said he noticed the driver's tendency to doze off weeks ago . Worried about his safety, he recorded the video and shared it with his parents and teachers . The driver has since been fired, though his identity has not been revealed .
id: c237eb21a40b7ae11dba8ec2587fc9db097a2346
chatgpt: A Portland school bus driver has been fired after a student recorded footage of him falling asleep at the wheel. Nicholas Sayre, a junior at Lincoln High School, noticed the driver's dangerous tendency to doze off several weeks before he captured the incident on video. Concerned for his own safety and that of his fellow passengers, Sayre shared the footage with his parents and teachers. The recording clearly shows the driver nodding off while driving a bus packed with students, with Sayre stating that at one point the driver's head even drooped down onto his chest. The incident occurred on a morning journey to school and Sayre says that he counted at least six other incidents of the driver falling asleep over the preceding weeks. As soon as Sayre's parents saw the video, they contacted the Portland Public Schools newsroom to inform them of their concerns. The school district immediately launched an investigation and within days the driver was fired. The district has not yet released his identity, but say that he was a longtime driver for the contractor First Student. "It's unacceptable to have anybody driving on our roads that is impaired in any way shape or form," said Bobbie Regan, spokesperson for the school district. She added that the district was not previously aware of any issues with the driver's performance and that had they known, they would have taken immediate action. Sayre, who posted the video to his social media channels, has received widespread praise for his responsibility and quick thinking in recording and reporting the incident. "I didn't want to do anything wrong, I didn't want to do anything without evidence," he said in an interview with local media. The incident raises concerns about driver fatigue, a common issue in the transportation industry that has been linked to countless accidents and fatalities. The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration estimates that up to 6,000 fatal accidents per year are caused by drowsy driving. For the passengers on the school bus that day, the outcome could have been disastrous had Sayre not taken action. With the driver now dismissed, they can be thankful for the actions of a vigilant teen who put safety first.