article: By . Ted Thornhill . The judge at the Oscar Pistorius trial is set to rule on whether he should undergo psychiatric tests that could delay the trial after the double-amputee runner's lawyer claimed he suffers from an anxiety disorder linked to his disability. The chief prosecutor asked that Pistorius be placed under psychiatric evaluation and Judge Thokozile Masipa ordered an adjournment, saying she would rule on Nel's request on Wednesday morning. Prosecutor Gerrie Nel noted on Tuesday that a psychiatrist for the defense had testified that the disorder she diagnosed in Pistorius may have played a role in his fatal shooting of girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp in his home on February 14, 2013. Scroll down for video . Deep in conversation: Oscar Pistorius (left) speaks with his uncle Arnold Pistorius (right) during his trial at the high court in Pretoria on Tuesday . Paralympic athlete Oscar Pistorius listens to the State Prosecutor during his trial at the high court in Pretoria, on Tuesday . The prosecutor has acknowledged that an evaluation of Pistorius' state of mind at a government facility could mean the trial, which began March 3, will be delayed. Nel questioned why the defense decided to ask Dr Merryll Vorster, a psychiatrist, to testify on behalf of the Olympic runner. He has suggested that the trial is not going well for Pistorius and that his lawyers are floating the idea that a disorder contributed to Steenkamp's shooting and that therefore Pistorius bears less responsibility for her death. Pistorius says he mistook Steenkamp for an intruder when he shot her through the closed door of a toilet cubicle. Prosecutors say he killed her in anger after an argument. Pistorius is hugged by a supporter on his arrival for Tuesday's trial . Cross-examination: Prosecutor Gerrie Nel questions psychiatrist Meryl Vorster at the Pistorius trial . In asking for another professional evaluation of Pistorius' mental state, Nel appeared to be trying to ward off any attempt by the defense to say Pistorius should be treated favorably by the court because of a mental condition linked to his disability. Pistorius' chief lawyer, Barry Roux, said at the start of defense-led testimony that the double amputee's vulnerability and disability was at the center of his case of a mistaken killing. He said Pistorius should not be sent for 30 days of psychiatric evaluation and that he wanted to call another witness to continue testimony. The psychiatrist, Vorster, met Pistorius this month, prompting the prosecutor to question whether the timing of her late entry to the stable of defense witnesses signified a change in tactics by the defense, which has said Pistorius fired out of fear that he was about to be attacked. Pause in the trial: Pistorius leaves the court after Judge Thokozile Masipa adjourned the days proceedings early . Relatives: June Steenkamp, mother of Reeva Steenkamp (centre), glances at Oscar Pistorius during his trial on Tuesday . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
highlights: Pistorius' lawyer claimed he has anxiety disorder linked to his disability . Psychiatrist testified that disorder may be linked to the shooting . Chief prosecutor asks that Pistorius be placed under psychiatric evaluation . Prosecution suggested defence is shifting tactics as trial isn't going well .
id: f429938fa9a20a5d0ac3dbd1166cfeb3a36de2d3
chatgpt: In the latest development in the Oscar Pistorius trial, the defense team of the former athlete claimed that he suffers from an anxiety disorder that may be linked to his disability. The revelation came after a psychiatrist testified that there is a possibility that the disorder is connected to the shooting that killed Pistorius' girlfriend, Reeva Steenkamp. The defense's case took a new turn when Barry Roux, Pistorius' lead attorney, announced that his client had been diagnosed with an anxiety disorder linked to his disability. Roux claimed that this disorder could have contributed to Pistorius' state of mind on the night of the shooting and urged the court to take it into consideration. The prosecutor, Gerrie Nel, seized the opportunity to suggest that the defense was shifting tactics, in light of the fact that their case was not going well. Nel demanded that Pistorius be put under psychiatric evaluation to determine whether he was mentally fit to stand trial. The psychiatrist who testified in court, Dr. Meryl Vorster, explained that Pistorius' anxiety disorder was due to the amputation of his lower legs when he was a baby, and the consequent effects of being an amputee. She testified that individuals with disabilities are more prone to anxiety disorders, which can be triggered by traumatic events such as the one Pistorius experienced. Vorster discussed Pistorius' fear of crime and how it was fueled by his vulnerability as an amputee, which was compounded by his life experience in South Africa. She also talked about his love for firearms, stating that they made him feel more secure. However, Nel questioned Vorster's testimony and argued that Pistorius' actions on the night of the shooting did not show any signs of anxiety or fear, but were rather motivated by anger and jealousy. In response, Roux argued that Pistorius' anxiety disorder affected his cognitive functioning, which could explain why he acted differently than how one would expect in such an intense situation. The judge in the case, Thokozile Masipa, halted the trial and ruled that Pistorius should undergo a 30-day evaluation at a state psychiatric hospital to determine whether or not he was mentally fit to face the charges against him. The trial has attracted global attention, not only because of Pistorius' celebrity status but also because of the issues of gun violence and disability rights that it has raised. If Pistorius is found guilty of murder, he could face life imprisonment. The outcome of the evaluation will be crucial in determining the course of the trial, and many are waiting with bated breath to see what the doctors will say about Pistorius' mental state. The trial is set to resume on June 30.