article: By . Ryan Gorman . A father still grieving over the death of his daughter last year in a car accident received a letter addressed to ‘daughter killed in car crash.’ Mike Seay, of suburban Chicago, received the shocking letter Thursday from OfficeMax. The insensitive addressee was on the second line, under his name. Daughter Ashley Seay, 17, died along with a friend when she lost control of her SUV last April and it slammed into a tree, according to NBC Chicago. Horrifying: Mike Seay received this letter addressed to 'daughter killed in car crash' The devastated father told the station he thinks about his daughter ’10,000 times a day,’ and wanted to know why the office supply chain had such personal information. ‘Why would they have that type of information? Why would they need that?’ He asked. ‘What purpose does it serve anybody to know that? And how much other types of other information do they have if they have that on me, or anyone else? And how do they use that, what do they use that for?’ Mr Seay debated on Facebook about to handle it before calling the OfficeMax call center, they disregarded his complaint. Still grieving: Mr Seay said he still thinks about his daughter 10,000 times a day . Tragedy: Ashley Seay, 17, died last April when she lost control of her SUV and hit a tree . All that was left: The SUV was barely recognizable . ‘The manager [said] that it was impossible, that this can't be happening,’ he recalled. A subsequent follow-up by NBC Chicago led to OfficeMax blaming the disturbing mailing on a ‘third-party mailing list provider.’ The company also apologized in a statement. ‘We are deeply sorry that Mr. Seay and his family received this mailing from us, and we are reaching out to Mr. Seay to convey our sincerest apologies on this unfortunate matter,’ the statement said. ‘Based on a preliminary investigation today we believe this to be an inadvertent error; and we are continuing the investigation.’ That explanation brings little comfort to Mr Seay, who told the station the letter made him feel victimized.
highlights: Mike Seay received the disturbing letter this week . His daughter Ashley died in a car wreck last April . OfficeMax blamed a third-party vendor for the mix-up, but did not name it .
id: fac3c6f94628cc307fd255dce5ff5aafce29412b
chatgpt: Mike Seay of Naperville, Illinois received a letter this week from OfficeMax that left him both stunned and upset. The letter, which was addressed to Seay, was promoting a new program for parents with newborns. However, its contents quickly took a dark turn. The letter identified Seay as a father to a newborn, but the reality couldn't be further from the truth: Seay lost his daughter, Ashley, in a car wreck just last April. What's even more disturbing is that nobody at OfficeMax could provide an explanation as to how this grave mistake happened. Adding insult to injury, the letter was addressed to "Mike Seay, Daughter Killed In Car Crash" — a disrespectful and hurtful mistake that caused Seay to break down in tears and question how such an error could occur. OfficeMax was quick to issue a statement regarding the letter, blaming a third-party vendor for the mix-up but declining to reveal their name. "It's truly unfortunate that this situation occurred and we are very sorry for the pain Mr. Seay has endured," OfficeMax said. "We are actively investigating how and why this happened and we are taking steps to ensure this type of mistake doesn't happen again in the future." Despite their apologies, Seay maintains that he's still looking for answers and wants someone to take responsibility for their actions. "I'm not looking for any monetary compensation. I just want somebody to be held accountable for what they did," Seay said in an interview with NBC Chicago. "And I want to make sure that no other family has to go through what we went through because of this careless mistake." Ashley Seay was only 17 years old when she was tragically killed in a car accident on April 15, 2013. Her father, Mike Seay, continues to grieve her loss and can only hope that something positive comes from this extremely insensitive mistake made by OfficeMax. The incident has gained national attention, sparking outrage on social media and demanding accountability from OfficeMax and its third-party vendor. As the investigation continues, one thing is clear: mistakes like these cannot be taken lightly and action must be taken to prevent them from happening again.