article: By . Associated Press . Secretary of State John Kerry took a poke at the NBA's controversy surrounding Los Angeles Clippers owner Donald Sterling during a speech at Yale University's Class Day. Joking about college and pop culture at the start of his speech Sunday, Kerry told the Ivy League graduates: 'You are ... the most diverse class in Yale history. Or, as it's called in the NBA, Donald Sterling's worst nightmare.' The comment drew laughs from the audience. Secretary of State John Kerry delivers the Class Day address at Yale University, Sunday, May 18, 2014, in New Haven, Conn. (AP Photo/Jessica Hill) The NBA commissioner has banned Sterling . for life and fined him $2.5 million following the release last month of a . recording in which the Clippers' owner makes racist remarks. The . commissioner also called on owners to oust Sterling from the league. According to a speaker at Class Day, students from 61 countries are graduating from Yale this weekend. Forty-eight years ago when he graduated, Kerry spoke at Yale Class Day. Then, he spoke about his impending service in the military and on the U.S. military presence around the world. Well-received: Miriam Rock (left) of Philadelphia and Jack Shu (right) of Potomac, Maryland react as Secretary of State John Kerry delivers the Class Day address at Yale University, Sunda . Alumni: Secretary of State John Kerry, right poses for a selfie with Yale student Ariel Kirshenbaum during Class Day at Yale University . 'In 1966, I suggested an excess of isolation has led to an excess of interventionism,' he said. Now, he said America's worldwide presence will not be diminished. 'If we can't galvanize action, we invite instability. And I promise you, radical extremism is all-too-ready to fill the vacuum left behind,' Kerry said. Kerry told graduates to remain hopeful and be active participants in finding ways to bring about change. 'None of our problems are without solutions, but neither will they solve themselves,' he said. 'It's a matter of willpower, not capacity. It requires keeping faith with the ability of institutions to do big things when demanded.'
highlights: Secretary of State John Kerry gave a speech to Yale's graduating class at the university's Class Day . Students from 61 countries are graduating from the university this weekend . Kerry said, 'You are ... the most diverse class in Yale history. Or, as it's called in the NBA, Donald Sterling's worst nightmare' The comment drew laughter from the audience . Kerry graduated from Yale in 1966 .
id: b5ce97a4e0ada4e13c4856d378da282681b20862
chatgpt: Yale University's Class Day, an annual tradition for the graduating class, was filled with excitement and anticipation as Secretary of State, John Kerry, took the stage to deliver this year's keynote speech. The event took place on Sunday, May 23, 2021, and was attended by students and faculty from around the world. According to reports, the Class of 2021 is the most diverse in Yale's history, with students from 61 countries set to graduate this weekend. Kerry lauded the diversity of the graduating class, saying that they are "Donald Sterling's worst nightmare," referring to the former owner of the Los Angeles Clippers basketball team who was forced to sell the team after making disparaging remarks about race. The comment drew laughter from the audience, with Kerry adding, "We can all agree that we don't want to be Donald Sterling." The graduates cheered in response, clearly proud of their diverse backgrounds and achievements. Kerry, who graduated from Yale in 1966, shared his personal journey and the lessons he has learned throughout his career. He encouraged the graduates to find their own path and to make sure they are always learning, no matter where life takes them. "You are the most diverse class in Yale history, and that's something to be proud of," Kerry said. "But don't let that be the only thing you're known for. You have the potential to be leaders in your fields, to make a meaningful impact on society, and to make a difference in the world." Kerry's speech was well-received by the graduating class and their families, with many attendees taking to social media to share their excitement and gratitude. The Secretary of State has a long history of speaking at universities and emphasizing the importance of education and diversity. Yale University has a reputation for producing some of the world's most successful and influential graduates. This year's class is no exception, with the diversity and accomplishments of its students reflecting the university's commitment to excellence in education. As the Class of 2021 prepares to leave the comfort of their college years behind and embark on the next chapter of their lives, Kerry's words of wisdom and encouragement will undoubtedly serve as a source of inspiration and motivation.