article: LOS ANGELES (CNN) -- A group of anonymous software developers said they will soon start selling a program that will allow iPhone owners to use the hugely popular device on cell phone systems around the world and not just with AT&T. Apple's iPhone is yet to go on sale outside the U.S. Apple's iPhone, released in the United States two months ago, was engineered to operate for the first two years only on the AT&T system through an exclusive arrangement between Apple and AT&T. It has not yet been sold outside of the U.S. Los Angeles software consultant Brett Schulte, who is not affiliated with the developers, demonstrated the software for CNN Friday evening. An iPhone that had the new software appeared to work on the T-Mobile system just seconds after Schulte replaced the AT&T SIM card with a T-Mobile SIM card. "It's completely software hacked," Schulte said. "There's no case opening required. It's not required to do any kind of disassembly." It took Schulte about two minutes to unlock the iPhone. The developers would not give CNN their last names, saying "We don't want to be hounded." The said they would start selling the software, which they haven't yet priced, as soon as their online payment and customer service systems are ready. They're also waiting for more information from their lawyers. Apple spokeswoman Jennifer Bowcock told CNN her company has no comment. AT&T spokesman Mark Siegel said he couldn't speculate on the legality of unlocking the phone, but he added, "When you sign up, you're signing a two-year contract. You're obligated to pay the bill." "When people buy the iPhone it's clear from our materials it's designed to operate exclusively on AT&T," Siegel said. Schulte, however, said it is possible to buy an iPhone without being contractually obligated to AT&T. The developers recently created a Web site -- iPhoneSIMfree.com -- but there is very little information on it and no direct way for anyone to purchase the software. Internet records showed they bought the domain name less than two weeks ago. Two members of the group, who identified themselves only as "John" and "Liu," told CNN in a phone interview that a core group of six people on three continents worked to unlock the iPhone as a hobby. They said they are fans of Apple products who thought the iPhone should be made accessible to people who cannot use AT&T. "I'm not in America and I can't use it," said Liu, who would not reveal the country in which he lives. "It's not fair." Asked if he thought modifying the iPhone was legal, he said "That's a very good question. I truly believe it is." John and Liu said they have not been contacted by either Apple or AT&T, but said that could change the moment their software goes on sale. Earlier this month, a teenager figured out a way to unlock the iPhone, but his method required disassembly of the unit. E-mail to a friend .
highlights: Software developed enabling Apple's iPhone to be used on any phone network . Device can currently only be used on AT&T network in the U.S. Anonymous developers plan to start selling program soon .
id: f0d93bdd383762936746b48f7e67ffe72cfb1ede
chatgpt: An anonymous group of developers has announced the creation of a new software which allows Apple's iPhone to function on any phone network in the United States. The device is not currently capable of fully operational use on networks other than AT&T, but the new software plans to change all that. The iPhone, launched in 2007, has since only been compatible with AT&T's cellular network, but with the potentiality of the new software being released in the near future, iPhone users may soon be able to switch between networks with ease. The software, which has been developed by a group of anonymous programmers, is seen as a massive win for consumers who have always remained loyal to Apple devices but are weary of being tied to one network, as the software means the iPhone can finally be used across all networks. The developers plan to begin selling the software once it has been perfected, though the specifics of the release date and pricing remain a mystery. A lot of pressure has been put upon Apple over the years to make its devices more adaptable to different networks, and it seems as though these anonymous developers may have answered the call. Currently, Apple and AT&T have an agreement that makes it illegal for users to make unauthorized alterations to the iPhone device software. However, it seems these anonymous developers have managed to find a way to work around that agreement. Despite the fact that use of the software on the iPhone device breaks an agreement between Apple and AT&T, the developers remain confident that their software will be a hit among consumers and are steadfast in their intentions of releasing the software in the near future. This news has been met with a lot of excitement among iPhone users, who see it as a breakthrough in technology and a liberation from being locked in to one network. For years, technology enthusiasts have been pushing for the development of programs like this, and it seems the anonymous developers have finally delivered. It is worth noting, however, that the developers have not yet released any information regarding potential repercussions users could face from using a program that essentially voids the agreement between Apple and AT&T. However, given the potential magnitude of such a development, it is expected that Apple will be closely monitoring the situation and taking action accordingly. In any case, this news serves as a big win for consumers who have always had a desire for the iPhone to be compatible with more than just one network. The fact that a group of anonymous developers has overcome this obstacle is a testament to the power of engineering and technological innovation. For now, iPhone users will have to wait with bated breath to see what becomes of this exciting new software development. One thing is for sure though- the world of technology will never be the same again.