article: By . Joel Christie . When it comes to remembering important dates, one family in New Mexico are especially organized. Joanne Luna gave birth to her daughter, Lorraine Lindbloom, in 1985 - exactly nine months after getting married. The date - July 2 - happened to be her date of birth, which seemed like a strange coincidence at the time. However it was on Lorraine's 29th birthday this year that things really fell into place. Cause for celebration: Gianna Ryan Lindbloom was born on Tuesday, July 2 , exactly 29 years after her mom, Lorraine (right), and 52 years after her grandmother, Joanne (left), was born . Lorraine Lindbloom started having contractions about 3am on her 29th birthday on July 2, but didn't realize the significance of what was happening until she was en route to the hospital . 'It's something cosmic': Joanne Luna has been left wondering if the shared birth date might be the work of her dead mother . Lorraine started having contractions around 3am. Then, as her and her husband set off on the hour-long commute to the hospital in Albuquerque, reality set in. 'It hit me on the drive,' Lindbloom told ABC News. 'I was like, ''Oh my gosh - she's going to have our birthdays''. 'I was crying and it was really emotional.' Baby Gianna was born at 10.37am on July 2. Proud grandmother Joanne no longer believes their circumstance can be put down to coincidence. 'I think it's something cosmic,' she told ABC News. 'I believe there is a reason for everything, I just don't know what it is. 'We started thinking that maybe it was my mother communicating to us. Baby Gianna was born at 10.37am on July 2 - just her mom and grandmother - weighing in at 7 pounds and 3 ounces . Lorraine Lindbloom gave birth to her fourth child, daughter Gianna, on her 29th birthday this month . 'I was very distraught when she died.' Stanford University professor estimated the chances of a mother, daughter and granddaughter sharing a birthday at 1 in 130,000. 'That's a lot more likely than winning a large lottery jackpot which is typically of the order of 1 in 100,000,000, so you can expect to find it in any moderately sized city,' Keith told ABC News.
highlights: Joanne Luna was born on July 2, 1962 . She gave birth to her daughter Lorraine on July 2, 1985 . Lorraine welcomed her own daughter, Gianna, this year on July 2 . Grandmother Joanne believes it is something 'cosmic' at work .
id: e4ce3f9fae83b7f982b826c420dcd6d61bd17ece
chatgpt: Joanne Luna has been a witness to what many consider as an incredibly rare cosmic occurrence. She was born on July 2, 1962, and then on the exact same day, 23 years later, she gave birth to her daughter Lorraine. And now, in yet another mind-boggling coincidence, Lorraine has welcomed her own daughter, Gianna, on the same day - July 2.  When Joanne first heard about her granddaughter's due date, she simply couldn't believe it. The connection between their births on the same day seemed too impossible to ignore. When the little girl finally arrived, healthy and happy, on July 2, Joanne was convinced that there was something "cosmic" at work.  For her, the experience is nothing short of magical. She has three generations of women in her family all born on the same day - a statistic that is incredibly unlikely to happen. While some might call it a coincidence, Joanne is convinced that there is something more significant at play.  What makes this story even more remarkable is the fact that Lorraine was also born on a significant date. She was brought into the world on Christmas Day in 1985. For the Luna family, this only adds to the already long list of coincidences that seem to surround their lives.  The Lunas are a tight-knit group. Despite the distances that separate them, they make sure to stay connected and always communicate. When Lorraine told her mother and grandmother that her daughter was due on July 2, they couldn't contain their excitement. Joanne remembers thinking that it was "just too much."  While some might brush off the cosmic coincidence as just a happy accident, for Joanne, it has a more profound meaning. In an age of increasing disconnection and distance, Joanne believes that the universe has brought her family together in a significant way.  It's rare to see such a strong bond between generations, and even rarer for them all to share the same birthday. But for the Lunas, it is something to cherish and celebrate. As they move forward, they will forever remember the three generations of women who were born on the same day, bound together by something that can only be described as cosmic fate.