article: By . Sally Lee . and Aap . US President Barack Obama has sent his condolences to the families of Australian victims of the MH17 disaster. Mr Obama has also paid tribute to AIDS researchers and activists who were bound for an international conference in Melbourne. The president phoned Prime Minister Tony Abbott to discuss the downing of the Malaysia Airlines flight, which crashed in disputed territories in eastern Ukraine. Scroll down for video . US President Barack Obama (left) phoned Prime Minister Tony Abbott (right) to discuss the Malaysian Airline MH17 tragedy . 'The president expressed condolences on behalf of the American people to the Australian families who lost loved ones on board the flight,' a statement from the White House said on Saturday. Malaysian Airline MH17 passengers and crew died when MH17 was downed on Thursday, with 28 Australians and one American, among the casualties. The talks come after Abbott and Australia's representative on the United Nations Security Council ramped up pressure on Russia to de-escalate its influence over separatist forces in eastern Ukraine. 'The two leaders discussed the importance of a prompt, full, unimpeded and transparent international investigation, and they stressed the need for immediate access by international investigators to the crash site,' the statement said. The president underscored continuing US support and co-operation with Australia as this issue unfolds, and the two leaders committed to remaining in close touch moving forward. Victorian couple Frankie Davison with her husband Liam Davison were among the 28 Australians killed in the MH17 crash . Other Australian victims include Liliane Derden (left), a public servant from Canberra, and Sister Philomene Tiernan (right) from NSW . Mr Obama told a press conference that evidence indicated the jet was shot down by a surface-to-air-missile launched from an area controlled by Russian-back separatists in eastern Ukraine. There were a number of AIDS researchers, activists and health workers were also on the plane, heading to Melbourne for the 20th International AIDS Conference - AIDS2014 - and Mr Obama made special mention of them during his address. 'Onboard Malaysia Airlines flight 17 there were apparently nearly 100 researchers and advocates travelling to an international conference in Australia dedicated to combatting AIDS/HIV,' the president said. 'These were men and woman who have dedicated their own lives to saving the lives of others and were taken from us in a senseless act of violence. 'In this world today we shouldn't forget in the midst of conflict and killing there are people like these. 'People who are focused on what can be built, rather than what can be destroyed. 'People who are focused on how they can help people they have never met.'
highlights: Mr Obama phoned Prime Minister Tony Abbott to discuss the Malaysian Airline MH17 tragedy . He also paid tribute to AIDS researchers who were heading to Melbourne for a conference .
id: 4610b8d8153ca7c44960a9350e42b58c55cc81bb
chatgpt: Former United States President Barack Obama called Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott to discuss the recent tragedy of the Malaysian Airlines flight MH17 that was shot down in Ukraine. The conversation between the two leaders comes as both countries are grappling with the effects of the plane being shot down over eastern Ukraine, killing all 298 passengers on board. The incident has been widely condemned by the international community, and world leaders have been offering their condolences to the families of the victims. During the call, Mr Obama expressed his deepest condolences to the Australian people and reaffirmed the United States’ support for Australia during this difficult time. The two leaders discussed the ongoing investigation into the crash and the need for a full and transparent investigation to determine who was responsible for the tragedy. In addition to discussing the MH17 tragedy, Mr Obama also paid tribute to the AIDS researchers who were on their way to Melbourne for a conference. The plane was carrying several passengers who were en route to the 20th International Aids Conference, which was set to begin in Melbourne on July 20th, 2014. President Obama praised the work of the researchers, saying that their commitment to finding a cure for HIV/AIDS is critical to the global fight against the disease. He also emphasized the importance of continuing to support their critical work in the face of such a devastating loss. The Malaysian Airlines tragedy has brought together leaders from around the world in a shared sense of mourning for the victims and their families. The loss of so many lives in such a tragic way has been felt deeply by millions of people around the world. The investigation into the circumstances surrounding the downing of flight MH17 continues, and the international community has called for anyone with information about the incident to come forward. Both the United States and Australia have called for justice for the victims of the tragedy, and have pledged to work together to ensure that the responsible parties are held accountable for their actions. In the wake of this tragic event, the international community has come together to support the families of the victims and to offer condolences to the people of Australia. Leaders from around the world have reached out to express their sympathy and to offer any assistance that may be needed in the coming days and weeks. As the investigation continues, it is important that the international community remains united in its commitment to seeking answers and justice for the victims of this terrible tragedy. The world must come together to work towards a safer and more peaceful future, one where such tragedies are never repeated.