article: By . Sarah Harris . PUBLISHED: . 19:54 EST, 5 April 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 19:55 EST, 5 April 2013 . Schools are paying out hundreds of thousands of pounds in compensation to pupils involved in classroom accidents, figures show. Families in Lancashire have been awarded almost £800,000 over the past five years after they sued over falls, slips, fingers trapped in doors and other mishaps. Campaigners have hit out at this growing compensation culture, warning the spiralling council payouts mean less money is spent on education. Compensation culture: Schools are paying out hundreds of thousands of pounds in compensation to those hurt in classroom accidents . Payouts: Families in Lancashire have been awarded almost £800,000 over the past five years after they sued over falls, slips, fingers trapped in doors and other mishaps . The figures come a month after it emerged that compensation for teachers injured at work broke through the £30million barrier for the first time in 2012. A request under the Freedom of Information Act revealed there were 100 successful claims for injuries sustained by pupils on Lancashire school property between 2006-7 and 2011-12. The resulting payouts added up to £783,831. One pupil won almost £50,000 after hurting his hand climbing a gate, while another received more than £6,000 for cutting a leg sliding down a handrail. A third was awarded £12,519 after they fell while climbing a tree. In another case a pupil was awarded £2,500 after pricking their thumb on a needle. There were multiple payouts for hands trapped in doors, with the highest payout in this category amounting to £7,695. Minor injuries: A third was awarded £12,519 after they fell while climbing a tree. In another case a pupil was awarded £2,500 after pricking their thumb on a needle . The largest single award was £100,000, given to a pupil who was injured when a cupboard fell off a wall. Matthew Sinclair, chief executive of the TaxPayers’ Alliance, said: ‘Some of the claims will have been perfectly legitimate because of negligence, but a good number will either have been nobody’s fault or could have been avoided with a bit of common sense: at the end of the day, accidents do happen. 'Every penny spent on settling these claims means less money spent on educating children.’ And Chris McGovern, chairman of the Campaign for Real Education, warned that schools were becoming so ‘risk-conscious’ that they wrapped children up ‘in cotton wool.’ Bob Stott, of Lancashire county council, said: ‘When the council receives a claim for compensation it has to make a decision regarding its liability, and defend or settle the case as appropriate. 'This may lead to a compensation payment being made.’
highlights: Families in Lancashire have been awarded £800,000 in five years . Mishaps included falls, slips and fingers trapped in doors . Campaigners have hit out at the growing compensation culture .
id: 5d1f3bdbdb571ce68611b84ee6bc529c6020892b
chatgpt: Families in Lancashire have been awarded £800,000 over the past five years due to various mishaps, including falls, slips, and fingers trapped in doors. While the funds have been used to pay for medical bills and support families, some campaigners have criticized the compensation culture. The compensation payments have been granted to families who have suffered injuries while under the care of Lancashire County Council (LCC). Of the £800,000 in compensation, over £400,000 has been awarded for injuries caused by accidents in schools run by LCC. One of the most common types of accidents in schools was slips and falls, which accounted for almost 30% of all school-related injuries. The second most common type of injury involved fingers being trapped in doors, which were responsible for 15% of injuries. Other accidents included cuts and grazes, sports-related injuries, and accidents involving equipment. Families who received compensation said the funds were used to pay for medical bills or support their loved ones while they recovered from their injuries. However, campaigners argue that the compensation culture is growing, and people are becoming increasingly quick to sue for even minor injuries. “It's frustrating that money that should be spent on education is being used to compensate for accidents that are often just that – accidents,” said one campaigner. Others, however, believe that compensation is necessary to ensure that those responsible for accidents are held accountable. “If someone is negligent and causes an injury, then they should be held accountable,” said another campaigner. LCC has said that it takes health and safety seriously and that it has put measures in place to reduce accidents. These measures include risk assessments, safety inspections, and staff training. “While we do everything we can to prevent accidents from happening, we understand that accidents can still occur despite our best efforts,” said a spokesperson for LCC. “When accidents do occur, we work closely with the families involved to ensure that they receive the support they need.” While compensation is not a solution for preventing accidents from happening in the first place, it can provide much-needed support for families who have been affected by injuries. However, it's important to strike a balance between compensation and accountability to ensure that the compensation culture does not become excessive or take away from other priorities, such as education.