article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 20:24 EST, 8 December 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 20:25 EST, 8 December 2013 . Bush meat from 40 wild animals including porcupines, gazelles and bats was confiscated in a police raid on a food shop in Paris. The 200lb haul from the Central African Republic, which also included caterpillars, was described as unfit for human consumption. The owner of the unnamed exotic food shop, where five porcupines, 15 gazelles and 20 bats were found in three freezers, is to be questioned on suspicion of selling banned meat. Porcupines were among the haul of animals seized from the unknown exotic food shop in Paris . Mark Powell, of the UK management body of the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species, said 'Without knowing the specific species concerned of porcupine, gazelle or . bat it is difficult to say whether or not they would be granted an . import licence. ‘But it is highly possible that they would be from . animals on the endangered species list, therefore it would be illegal to . import or sell them.’ It is not known if food authorities would allow the meat to be sold if it was brought through official channels. A source close to the inquiry told Le Parisien: ‘This meat came with absolutely no hygiene guarantees, and is thus unfit for consumption.’ The incident adds to controversy over animal rights in France, where exotic animals are legally used in fine dining. Hundreds of chickens, geese and ducks were recently discovered at an illegal abattoir in Paris (file photo) The raid comes days after 200 animals were rescued from an illegal underground abattoir outside Paris that was ‘covered in blood, from floor to ceiling’. Ducks, geese and chicken were left without food or water and ‘piled on top of one another,’ Christophe Marie from the Brigitte Bardot Foundation told TF1. The animals were to be sold to Chinese restaurants. In France, a maximum three-year jail term can be given for possessing illegal animals and the owner can be fined twice the value of the meat. Endangered species were the subject – along with climate change – of trade talks in Paris last Friday, when more than 500 African and French business leaders met.
highlights: As much as 200lbs of animal meat was seized from exotic foods shop . Haul is thought to have come from the Central African Republic . Shop owner is to be questioned on suspicion of selling banned meat .
id: cf23c5ae069a1e27aea300dfd2b03174a2b3f934
chatgpt: Officials have seized up to 200lbs of animal meat from an exotic foods shop in the downtown area. The haul is believed to have originated from the Central African Republic, and was discovered during a routine inspection. The shop owner is now facing serious charges relating to the sale of illegal meat. A spokesperson for the authorities has stated that the seized meat is thought to come from a protected species of animal. It is believed that the animal in question is an endangered species that is protected from hunting and exploitation under international law. The owner of the shop is therefore suspected of committing a very serious offense. The seized meat is currently being analyzed by experts who are trying to establish what type of animal it came from. This analysis will be used as evidence in the court case against the shop owner. If the animal in question is indeed an endangered species, the charges against the shop owner are likely to be even more severe. Local residents have expressed their shock and disgust at the discovery of the illegal meat. Many people are calling for stricter laws and enforcement measures to prevent the sale of endangered species. This is not the first time that such an incident has occurred in the city, and many people fear that it will not be the last. The authorities have stated that they will not tolerate any illegal activity related to the sale of endangered species. They are urging residents to report any suspicious activity to the authorities immediately, in order to help prevent further incidents like this one. The authorities have also vowed to prosecute anyone found guilty of breaking the laws designed to protect endangered species. The shop owner is currently being questioned by the authorities, and it is believed that he will face serious charges relating to the sale of illegal meat. The discovery of the seized meat is a stark reminder of the importance of conservation efforts and international laws aimed at protecting endangered species. It is hoped that this incident will serve as a warning to others who may be tempted to engage in illegal activities related to the sale of endangered species.