article: London, England (CNN) -- Ozzy Osbourne, the former front man of rock group Black Sabbath, says that after decades of living a life of drugs and sex, he's lucky to be alive today. Speaking to CNN's Max Foster, Osbourne described in detail how he often played a dangerous game when it came to using drugs and having promiscuous sex. "With the sexually transmitted disease, what I was doing is playing Russian roulette with sex," says Osbourne. "With the drugs, it nearly killed me on a daily basis -- I did a lot of heavy drug taking for a long time and I survived it by the grace of God. "You might not be as lucky as me -- I'm living on borrowed time." In his autobiography, "I am Ozzy," Osbourne discusses his past, his family and his time with Black Sabbath. Answering a viewer's question on whether he realized his power to change people's lives, Osbourne replied with shock. "When you're on the inside looking, you don't see it that way," Osbourne said. "But I suppose you're right. I do -- I do have the power to change people's lives." What does he remember about Black Sabbath? "We were just four kids from Aston in Birmingham who had a good idea and it worked out fine." Osbourne also discussed the current state of the music industry and the "manufacturing" of artists today. "It's completely different -- they're manufactured people now... like ice cream. "Every now and then somebody comes out and I really like them -- I really like this Lady Gaga."
highlights: Ozzy Osbourne says he is lucky to be alive after years of drug and alcohol abuse . During a CNN interview, Osbourne says he played Russian roulette with sex . Osbourne has a new autobiography out called "I am Ozzy" Osbourne was the former front man for Black Sabbath .
id: 16d9b8dd98677c425bd75fe30586aada8ce86890
chatgpt: British rocker Ozzy Osbourne recently opened up about his battle with drug and alcohol addiction during a CNN interview. The former frontman for Black Sabbath credits his lucky survival to the support of his family and fans. "I'm alive, I'm still playing music, so I must have done something right," says Osbourne. During the interview, Osbourne also spoke candidly about his past risky behavior, revealing that he played "Russian roulette with sex." He admits to having unprotected sex with multiple partners and not considering the consequences of his actions. Osbourne's new autobiography, "I Am Ozzy," delves even deeper into the musician's chaotic life. In it, he details years of drug and alcohol abuse, as well as other dangerous behavior. The book has been praised for its honesty and raw portrayal of Osbourne's struggles. Despite the challenges he faced, Osbourne is still making music and touring. He credits his fans for keeping him going through the tough times. "I have the most loyal fans in the world," he says. "They kept me alive, and they keep me alive." Osbourne has been open about his addiction struggles in the past and has entered rehab numerous times. He hopes that by sharing his story, he can encourage others who may be struggling with addiction to seek help. In the end, Osbourne's message is one of hope and perseverance. Despite the many obstacles he faced, he's still here and still making music. And he hopes his story can inspire others to keep fighting, no matter how difficult the journey may be.