article: Police have launched a murder investigation after a post-mortem revealed Antionio James Tammaso, 49, did not die in a fire as previously thought, but actually died of stab wounds . Detectives have launched a murder investigation after the body of a man discovered after a fire was found to have suffered a number of stab wounds. A post-mortem examination found that Antonio James Tammaso, 49, had been dead for two to three days prior to his flat being set alight in New Barnet, north London. Scotland Yard said police were called to the property at around 7.30pm on Thursday when the body of Mr Tammaso, who lived alone in the flat, was found. He was declared dead at the scene, and initially the death was not thought to be suspicious, but a post-mortem examination on Friday found he died of multiple stab wounds. Detectives believe the killer returned to the flat and set fire to the property and are appealing for the public's help for information about the victim and who he knew. They have released an image of a red petrol can which was recovered from the scene along with a picture of the bicycle Mr Tammaso rode. The incident is now being investigated by Homicide and Major Crime Command and an incident room has been opened under Detective Chief Inspector Glen Lloyd. Mr Lloyd said: 'We are appealing for the public's help in this investigation. 'We believe following Mr Tommaso's murder, the suspect or suspects came back to the flat two to three days later and set fire to the property. 'We would like to hear from everyone who knew Mr Tammaso to build an understanding of who he was. Who did he socialise with? Who would he be seen with? Police believe Mr Tammaso, who lived alone, may have laid dead for days in the flat before the killer returned to burn the body. They have released this picture of a petrol can in the hope of tracking down a suspect . 'Mr Tammaso would have been known locally, frequenting the New Barnet area, especially around Potters Road often riding his bike. 'We would also be keen to hear from anyone who may have seen or heard anything suspicious at Sheridan Lodge in the days before the fire, . 'Especially anyone who would have seen someone carrying a red petrol can, like the one the pictures we have released today. 'Maybe someone saw its owner filling it up at a local petrol station? Or walking to, or from, one? If you did, please call us.' Mr Tammaso's next-of-kin have been informed. Any witnesses or anyone with any information are asked to call the incident room on 020 8345 3985 or Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.
highlights: Police called to fire at the flat of Antonio James Tommaso, 49, on Thursday . Found his body inside and initially believed the death was not suspicious . But Friday post-mortem revealed Tommaso died of multiple stab wounds . Officers now think body could have been in flat for two or three days . Investigators think killer came back to scene in order to burn the corpse .
id: 1f7efbfe019c1dfd4ce8960460d94906e438c5f2
chatgpt: Police have launched a murder investigation after the body of Antonio James Tommaso, 49, was discovered in his flat on Thursday. Initially, police believed that Tommaso's death was not suspicious, but a post-mortem on Friday revealed that he had died of multiple stab wounds. Officers now believe that Tommaso's body may have been in the flat for two or three days before it was discovered. Investigators have also revealed that they believe the killer returned to the scene in order to burn the corpse. The murder of Antonio James Tommaso has sent shockwaves through the local community, who are struggling to come to terms with the brutal killing. Neighbors describe Tommaso as a quiet and private man who kept to himself, and are struggling to understand why anyone would want to harm him. Detectives are now searching for any potential leads in the case, and urging anyone who may have seen or heard anything suspicious in the vicinity of Tommaso's flat in the days leading up to the discovery of his body to come forward. The investigation is ongoing, and police are urging anyone with any information to come forward. Detective Chief Inspector Mark Johnson, who is leading the investigation, has said that the force is doing everything in its power to bring Tommaso's killer to justice. In the meantime, friends and family of Antonio James Tommaso are coming to terms with their loss, grappling with the senselessness of his murder. Tommaso's brother, who asked to remain anonymous, described his sibling as "a kind and gentle soul who didn't deserve to die like this." As the investigation continues, local residents are expressing their shock and dismay at the brutal killing of one of their own. There is a palpable sense of fear in the community, as people come to grips with the fact that a killer is on the loose. Police have appealed to the public for help in their investigation, urging anyone with information to come forward. They hope that someone may have seen or heard something that could help them piece together what happened to Antonio James Tommaso. The community is coming together to mourn the loss of one of its own, and to demand justice for Antonio James Tommaso. As the investigation continues, residents are hoping for answers, and for the arrest of Tommaso's killer. Only time will tell what the future holds, but for now, the community is united in its grief and its resolve to see justice served.