article: (CNN) -- Every year, a combination of power, performance and perfection brings over 200,000 motorsport devotees to an English country estate for the Goodwood Festival of Speed. Motorsport fans have long regarded Formula One as the pinnacle of all racing cars and F1 car designers have responded by pushing the boundaries of speed since the Championship started in 1950. In the 1970s, Renault's designers pioneered the turbo engine for use in F1. The visceral acceleration of the turbo cars was well known, the speed intoxicating for both the drivers and the fans but it was not widely well received by some in the industry. Four-time world champion Alain Prost began his Formula One career at the start of the turbo-engine era, and says it was something of a laughing stock when Renault unveiled its RS01. "When Renault introduced the first turbo engine everybody was laughing -- especially in England," Prost told CNN. "The turbo engine was very different to other engines. You had more power -- more top-end power. But the weight of the car was much bigger," explained Prost. "We were learning all the time. The team was getting more and more experienced and being very curious, working very close with the engineers, I really loved it." Turbo technology was slow to take off, but once it did, it paved the way for an exciting new era in F1 racing. It wasn't until 1979 -- two years after its launch -- that Renault's turbo-charged car finally won the French Grand Prix, driven by Jean-Pierre Jabouille. "As much as I loved experimenting with the new design, it was a very frustrating time too," said Prost. "We very often blew up the turbo, blew up the engine, but it was part of the time and I think everyone has accepted it. However their domination in the sport was relatively short-lived following safety concerns. After a raft of restrictions, the Formula One governing body, FIA, eventually banned turbo-equipped engines in 1988. It seems though that Renault will have the last laugh as from next year, all F1 cars will be required to have turbo engines. Some are saying that it involves the biggest rule change in the sport's history. Gone will be the current 2.4-litre normally aspirated V8s, which have been in service since the start of 2006, and in their place will be 1.6-litre turbo V6s. Each engine will also be limited to 100 kilograms of fuel per hour, putting an emphasis on performance combined with greater fuel economy. Renault's new turbo engine, dubbed "Energy F1-2014," may have evolved since the early days of turbo technology, but it still owes a debt to the engineers who revolutionized racing with the world's fastest "teapot." Editor's note: An earlier version of this article contained a number of inaccuracies, for which we apologise. Christina Macfarlane and Rachel Wood, who prepared the television story, were in no way responsible for those inaccuracies. You can watch their  report at the top of this article.
highlights: When Renault unveiled its first F1 turbo-charged car in 1977, became a laughing stock . Nicknamed 'yellow teapot' due to bright color and cloud of steam . Throughout 1980s turbo engines dominated F1, later banned due to safety concerns . Now turbo engine set to make a comeback, with F1 ruling all cars must convert in 2014 .
id: d0d97f0a0d76440c45da1debd4df72a6ebf44041
chatgpt: After becoming the laughing stock of Formula One racing in 1977, Renault is now set to make a comeback with its turbo-charged engines. Back then, their first F1 turbo-charged car was ridiculed and nicknamed the 'yellow teapot' due to its bright color and the cloud of steam it emitted. However, through the 1980s, turbo engines dominated the F1 racetrack, until they were later banned due to safety concerns. Renault has since been working on a new turbo engine, which will be implemented in all F1 cars by 2014 under F1 regulations. Their engineers have been perfecting the design over the years, with the aim of creating an engine that is both efficient and powerful, whilst also adhering to the strict safety measures set in place. The introduction of turbo engines in F1 is not just a comeback for Renault, but a game-changer for the whole industry. The new engines are expected to improve the fuel efficiency of Formula One cars, which is a point of growing concern for the industry. The turbo engine's smaller capacity and improved fuel economy will reduce the amount of fuel needed to produce the same level of power, allowing for a more sustainable future for the sport. Renault's new engine is patented with a unique energy recovery system, which recycles the heat generated by the engine to produce additional energy, further improving the fuel economy of the car. This energy recovery system is designed to serve as a second power unit, providing an extra boost of power when needed. Despite the benefits of the new engine, there has been some backlash from purists who argue that F1 should be about pure horsepower rather than fuel efficiency. Renault's comeback proves that turbo-charged engines can be both powerful and efficient, combining both elements to create a winning Formula One car. "Turbo engines represent an exciting future for F1," says Cyril Abiteboul, managing director of Renault Sport Racing. "We have worked hard to create an engine that adheres to the strict safety regulations but also improves fuel efficiency and reduces the carbon footprint of our sport. We believe this is the next step in the evolution of motorsport, which is why we are proud to be leading the way." As the motor industry shifts to a more eco-friendly model, motorsport must follow suit. Formula One has traditionally been known for its gas-guzzling engines and high carbon footprint. However, the introduction of turbo-charged engines will mark a significant step in the race to produce sustainable, efficient cars. Renault's 'yellow teapot' may have been laughed at in 1977, but it has paved the way for an industry-shaking comeback, and a future that is more responsive to the need for sustainability. The turbo-charged engine represents a new era in Formula One, where power and efficiency go hand in hand, and Renault is at the forefront of this revolution.