article: (CNN) -- Fire engulfed five luxury homes Monday morning at a subdivision north of Seattle in what could be a case of ecoterrorism, officials said. Firefighters attack blazes at luxury homes Monday in suburban Seattle, Washington. A sign with the letters "ELF" was found at the scene of the fires in the "Street of Dreams" development in Woodinville, Washington, said Chief Rick Eastman of Snohomish County Fire District No. 7. Eastman did not say if the sign is believed to be from the Earth Liberation Front, which the FBI has called an ecoterrorist group. "Built green? Nope black!" the sign reads, according to an image from CNN affiliate KING-TV in Seattle. The sign calls the homes "McMansions."  Watch why ELF is so elusive » . John Heller, president of Seattle Street of Dreams model luxury home development, said he had spoken to the fire chief and was told that the fires were suspicious.  Watch fires burn luxury homes » . "My understanding is that it was an act of terror," Heller said. The FBI said the fires are being investigated as an act of domestic terrorism. Heller said he was out of town on business and was rushing back to see what was left of the development. He said it was a new subdivision that featured luxury homes priced at $2 million. Video footage showed large grayish white plumes of smoke billowing in the air and firefighters trying to contain blazes in large homes in a heavily wooded area. Eastman said there had been no injuries and there were no suspects. He told KING-TV that police and agents of the federal Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives were investigating. Seattle's Street of Dreams is "the most popular and highest attended single site luxury home and garden tour in the U.S.," according to the event's Web site. According to the FBI, the Earth Liberation Front claimed responsibility for burning five townhomes under construction on November 20, 2005, in Hagerstown, Maryland. Fire officials investigating the scene determined that kerosene was used as the accelerant in the arson, the FBI said. Last year, 10 people, including self-proclaimed members of the ELF and members of another organization called the Animal Liberation Front, were convicted for a string of arson fires that totaled more than $40 million in damage, according to an August statement by the U.S. Justice Department. At that time, the court case was called the "largest ecoterrorism case in U.S. history," according to the statement. Three others charged in the case are at large and considered international fugitives by the Justice Department. E-mail to a friend .
highlights: NEW: FBI investigating as act of domestic terrorism . Sign reading "ELF" found at site of fires, fire chief says . Earth Liberation Front called ecoterrorist group by FBI .
id: dcc895e4c748fcb3b563fbb024d1da06fa3e0804
chatgpt: The Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) is investigating a series of fires as an act of domestic terrorism. According to the authorities, the fires were deliberately set in a wooded area on the outskirts of a city in the western United States. The fire chief said that a sign reading "ELF" was found at the site of the fires. The Earth Liberation Front (ELF) is a radical environmental group believed to be responsible for the fires. The FBI has called the group an ecoterrorist organization and has been monitoring its activities for years. In recent years, ELF has claimed responsibility for a number of high-profile acts of sabotage against businesses and government agencies they believe are harming the environment. According to the FBI, ELF and other similar groups operate as decentralized networks, making them difficult to track and prosecute. However, the bureau is continuing their efforts to dismantle the group and bring those responsible for the fires to justice. The fires in question are just the latest in a string of incidents that have contributed to growing concerns over domestic terrorism. According to the Anti-Defamation League, anti-government and white supremacist groups are responsible for the majority of domestic terrorism incidents in the United States. In response to the growing threat of domestic terrorism, the FBI has been increasing their resources and efforts to track and prevent these types of attacks. The bureau has also been working with local law enforcement agencies to help identify and prevent potential threats. While domestic terrorism is a growing concern, experts say that the threat of international terrorism remains high. The recent attacks in Europe and the Middle East have highlighted the ongoing threat of terrorist groups such as ISIS and al-Qaeda. In the wake of the fires and the ongoing investigation, authorities are urging the public to remain vigilant and report any suspicious activity. Anyone with information regarding the fires is encouraged to contact the FBI or local law enforcement. As the investigation into this incident continues, the authorities hope to send a strong message to individuals and groups involved in domestic terrorism that their actions will not be tolerated. The country must remain vigilant against this evolving threat in order to keep our communities safe.