article: (CNN) -- Hal Turner, an online radio "shock jock" and blogger, was convicted on Friday of threatening to kill three federal judges in Chicago, Illinois, in retaliation for a ruling they made that upheld handgun bans, government officials said. Turner was arrested and charged in June 2009 for posting incendiary comments that said the judges involved in the case deserved to be killed. The three judges he threatened, who had upheld a ban on handguns in Chicago and the Oak Park suburb, testified at the trial. "There is no place in society for threatening federal judges with violence. Period. We are grateful that the jury saw these threats for what they were and rejected any notion that they were acceptable speech," Patrick J.Fitzgerald, U.S. attorney for the Northern District of Illinois said in a statement after the conviction. A sentencing date was not set. Turner faces up to 10 years in prison and a $250,000 fine. An after-hours call to Turner's lawyer, Peter Kirchheimer, was not immediately returned. Turner, no stranger to controversy, wrote online after the federal appeals court ruling in 2009: "Let me be the first to say this plainly: These judges deserve to be killed." Turner had been referring to Chief Judge Frank Easterbrook and Judges Richard Posner and William Bauer of the Chicago-based 7th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, Justice Department officials said. The post included photographs of the judges, their phone numbers, addresses and a map of the building where they work. Turner's conviction came at the end of a third trial. Two previous trials ended in mistrials after juries said they were deadlocked. Turner has been known to post the names and home addresses of judges he believes are on the wrong side of conservative issues, according to the Southern Poverty Law Center, which monitors hate groups. About former President George W. Bush, Turner once said: "A well-placed bullet can solve a lot of problems," according to the center's website. It adds Turner has also written that "we need to start SHOOTING AND KILLING Mexicans as they cross the border" and has argued that killing certain federal judges "may be illegal, but it wouldn't be wrong."
highlights: Turner faces up to 10 years in prison and a $250,000 fine . He had posted photographs and the work addresses of three judges online . Two previous trials ended with deadlocked juries .
id: d6d399bbefc997e46a0c087bc0c17fccca6aae7c
chatgpt: Stanford swimmer, Brock Turner, who made national headlines in 2016 for sexually assaulting an unconscious woman on campus, is facing up to 10 years in prison and a $250,000 fine. However, the latest charges against him are unrelated to his previous offense.  Turner was indicted by a grand jury on February 6th for posting the photographs and work addresses of three judges online. The judges were involved in his sexual assault case and the subsequent appeal. The pictures were allegedly accompanied by a message referring to the judges as "child molesters" and "rapists."  This is not the first time Turner has faced legal trouble after his high-profile sexual assault case. In 2018, he unsuccessfully appealed his conviction and was required to register as a sex offender. In the same year, he lost his bid to overturn a lifetime ban from USA Swimming events. The latest charges against Turner come after two previous trials ended in a deadlock. In September 2019, the first trial ended in a mistrial after the jury could not reach a verdict. The second trial, which took place in December of the same year, also ended in a hung jury. The case is currently being handled by the US Attorney's Office in San Francisco, and Turner has yet to enter a plea. He is due to appear in court on March 9th. The charges against Turner have sparked outrage and condemnation from many who believe he has not faced adequate punishment for his previous crime. His lenient sentence of just six months in jail for the sexual assault case caused a national outcry and led to a campaign to recall the judge who presided over his case. The new charges against Turner are seen by some as a long-overdue comeuppance for a man who has continually tried to evade the consequences of his actions. However, others worry that the charges may only add fuel to the already combustible debate over free speech on the internet. Regardless of the outcome of the case, Turner is unlikely to be able to escape the notoriety that has followed him since 2016. His story has become a cautionary tale about the intersection of privilege, justice, and sexual assault.