article: Martin Odegaard only made his debut for Real Madrid Castilla at the weekend but the most talked about teenager in football was back training with Cristiano Ronaldo and Co this week. The 16-year-old Norway international entered the fray as a second-half substitute against Athletic Bilbao B during the Segunda Division Group II clash at the Alfredo di Stefano Stadium to make his official bow in the famous white strip. But Odegaard was back in the big time midweek when he was pictured training with Carlo Ancelotti's first-team squad as they prepare for Saturday's La Liga match against Deportivo La Coruna at the Bernabeu. Martin Odegaard tries to make a block as full back Marcelo attempts a pass during training on Wednesday . The 16-year-old made his Castilla debut on Sunday but was back training with Cristiano Ronaldo and Co . The teenage Norway international joined the Champions League winners in January . Wales forward Gareth Bale leaps as he tries to win a header from the gloves of Iker Casillas . Ronaldo jumps the hurdles as the players warm up for Wednesday's training session . Real will be keen to bounce back from last weekend's humiliating derby defeat at the hands Atletico Madrid as Los Blancos's lead at the top was cut to just a single point following Barcelona's win on Sunday. Ronaldo, Gareth Bale, Karim Benzema and the rest of the Real Galacticos were given a training ground dressing-down earlier in the week by club president Florentino Perez in the wake of that defeat. But it was training as usual on Wednesday as the players were put through their paces ahead of the weekend's fixture. Bale, who has been criticised by supporters in recent weeks, dribbles around a cone . Ballon d'Or winner Ronaldo stretches to keep possession away from 21-year-old defender Derik . Former Tottenham player Bale holds off the challenge of Joe Leon . Meanwhile, Real Madrid's £328million plans to redevelop their Santiago Bernabeu have hit yet another snag after a ruling by the High Court of Madrid overturned the approval of plans that included updates to the stadium. Perez revealed the vision for the new Bernabeu to be 'the best stadium in the world' last January along with mock-ups for the 400million euro works. The three-year project would include a revamped exterior, a retractable roof and increase its capacity to 85,454 to 90,000, along with a hotel and shopping centre complex alongside, but Tuesday's ruling has put a spanner in the works.
highlights: Martin Odegaard made his debut for Real Madrid Castilla on Sunday . Teenage sensation returned to first team training this week . Cristiano Ronaldo and Co were put through their paces on Wednesday . Real are preparing for Saturday's La Liga clash with Deportivo La Coruna . Carlo Ancelotti's side will be keen to bounce back from derby defeat .
id: 1e008b5e8632742c42b5929e0b20aad26e3d9493
chatgpt: Martin Odegaard, the 16-year-old Norwegian football prodigy, made his debut for Real Madrid Castilla at the Alfredo Di Stefano Stadium on Sunday. Odegaard, who signed for Real Madrid in the January transfer window, impressed the crowd with his attacking flair and creativity on the ball. The Castilla side won the game 2-1, with goals from Mariano Diaz and Jaime Seoane. Odegaard's performances in training have earned him a call-up to the first team squad, and he was seen training alongside the likes of Cristiano Ronaldo and Gareth Bale at the Ciudad Real Madrid training complex on Wednesday. The teenager was seen executing pinpoint passes and making intelligent runs, showcasing his potential as one of the best young talents in world football. Real Madrid are gearing up for their La Liga clash with Deportivo La Coruna on Saturday, where Carlo Ancelotti's side will be aiming to bounce back from their 1-0 defeat to Atletico Madrid in the Madrid derby last weekend. Real Madrid currently sit second in the La Liga table, behind Barcelona on goal difference, and will be looking to take all three points in front of their home fans at the Santiago Bernabeu. The training session on Wednesday was intense, as the players were put through their paces by Ancelotti and his coaching staff. Ronaldo was seen working on his finishing, Bale was practicing his dribbling and crossing, while Sergio Ramos marshaled the defence. Odegaard was also involved in the session, showing his skills and work ethic. Ancelotti will be pleased with the progress that Odegaard has made since his arrival in Madrid. The Italian coach has remained patient with the teenager, giving him time to adapt to his new surroundings and get used to playing in a more competitive environment. With injuries affecting the Real Madrid squad, Odegaard may even be given the chance to make his first team debut in the near future. Real Madrid fans are excited about the potential that Odegaard brings to the team, and his performances in training and for the Castilla side have only heightened their expectations. With Ancelotti at the helm, Real Madrid are hoping that the introduction of new talent like Odegaard can help them continue their success in La Liga and the Champions League.