article: It's not every day that White House has to defend its decision to nominate a soap opera producer to represent the country on one of the highest diplomatic levels. But it was that kind of Tuesday. Asked at the daily press briefing what makes "The Bold and The Beautiful" producer Colleen Bell qualified to serve as U.S. Ambassador to Hungary, White House spokesman Josh Earnest didn't exactly have an explanation. "(She's) somebody who obviously has succeeded in, you know, in the business world," Earnest said. "And she is somebody that the President has confidence will be able to maintain our relationship with the government and the people of Hungary." Earnest also denied that Bell's hand in raising millions of dollars for the President's re-election campaign had anything to do with her appointment. "Well, I can tell you that that's not the reason she was chosen," he said. Earnest said the reason Bell was nominated for the post was because the President "has complete confidence in her ability to represent the United States in that country." But not everyone will be satisfied with that answer. Just hours before, Sen. John McCain, R-Arizona, blasted Bell's nomination on the Senate floor. "We're about to vote on a totally unqualified individual to be ambassador to a nation which is very important to our national security interests," he said. "I am not against political appointees ... but here we are, a nation that's on the verge of seceded its sovereignty to a neo-fascist dictator getting in bed with Vladimir Putin and we're gonna send the producer of 'The Bold and the Beautiful' as our ambassador," McCain said. Bell was confirmed to the position Tuesday by a Democrat-led Senate. The chamber also confirmed Noah Mamet, another Democratic fundraiser, as the ambassador to Argentina. This is not the first diplomatic position the President has selected Bell for. In 2010, Obama appointed Bell to the President's Advisory Committee on the Arts at the Kennedy Center. ​ .
highlights: A soap opera producer was appointed U.S. Ambassador to Hungary by President Barack Obama . A White House spokesman says Colleen Bell's campaign fundraising role was not the reason she was chosen .
id: 7e340f25dee3b4f2e31cea8f9ed057aa1ec90f97
chatgpt: Colleen Bell, a soap opera producer, has been appointed as the new US Ambassador to Hungary by President Barack Obama. The appointment has been subject to criticism given that Bell has no prior experience in diplomacy or foreign policy. However, a White House spokesman has clarified that Bell's appointment is not based on her campaign fundraising role. Her fundraising background was previously a hot topic in 2014 when she raised nearly $3 million for Obama's re-election campaign. Critics alleged that this was the reason behind her appointment, but the White House has denied these claims. Bell's appointment follows the confirmation of four other American ambassadors in Europe. These appointments have all been made before the departure of President Obama's administration in January 2017. Hungary has seen a frosty relationship with the US in recent times, having expelled six US diplomats in 2014. In the same year, Hungary faced criticism from the EU and US for enacting a series of controversial new laws which could weaken democracy in the country. Nevertheless, the new ambassador is expected to continue promoting US interests in Hungary. The nation is a key strategic partner of the United States in the region, especially in regards to energy security and national security. The Hungarian military has been deployed alongside US efforts in Afghanistan, and the two nations have also collaborated on the issue of trafficking of nuclear materials. Bell's appointment is also seen as significant because of her gender. She will be the first female US Ambassador to Hungary, highlighting the Obama administration's efforts to promote gender equality in diplomatic positions. Despite concerns voiced about her lack of experience in diplomacy, Bell's experience in producing television shows could be an asset in promoting American culture and values in Hungary. She has worked on popular soap operas such as "The Bold and the Beautiful" and "The Young and the Restless". The appointment of Colleen Bell will now require confirmation from the Senate, although the White House is hopeful that the process will move swiftly.