article: (EW) -- Bennett Miller's "Foxcatcher," starring Channing Tatum, Mark Ruffalo and Steve Carell, was one of the high-profile movies that was announced Thursday for competition in next month's Cannes Film Festival. Also competing for the Palme d'Or is "The Homesman" from director Tommy Lee Jones, and David Cronenberg's "Maps to the Stars," which features Robert Pattinson. Ryan Gosling's directorial debut, "How to Catch a Monster," starring Christina Hendricks and Eva Mendes, will premiere in the Un Certain Regard side category. "How to Train Your Dragon 2" will also premiere at Cannes, with an out of competition screening. Oscars set dates for 2015 award season . Cannes runs May 14-25 this year, and "Grace of Monaco," starring Nicole Kidman as Grace Kelly, will be the festival's opening night film. Jane Campion is presiding over this year's jury. See below for a full listing of Cannes films: . OPENER . "Grace of Monaco," Olivier Dahan . COMPETITION . "Sils Maria," Olivier Assayas . "Saint Laurent," Bertrand Bonello . "Winter Sleep," Nuri Bilge Ceylan . "Maps to the Stars," David Cronenberg . "Two Days, One Night," Jean-Pierre and Luc Dardenne . "Mommy," Xavier Dolan . "The Captive," Atom Egoyan . "Goodbye to Language," Jean-Luc Godard . "The Search," Michel Hazanavicius . "The Homesman," Tommy Lee Jones . "Still the Water," Naomi Kawase . "Mr. Turner," Mike Leigh . "Jimmy's Hall," Ken Loach . "Foxcatcher," Bennett Miller . "La Meraviglie," Alice Rohrwacher . "Timbuktu," Abderrahmane Sissako . "Wild Tales," Damian Szifron . "Leviathan," Andrei Zvyagintsev . Tribeca Film Festival's must-see movies . UN CERTAIN REGARD . OPENER: "Party Girl," Marie Amachoukeli, Claire Burger and Samuel Theis . "Jauja," Lisandro Alonso . "The Blue Room," Mathieu Amalric . "Misunderstood," Asia Argento . "Titli," Kanu Behl . "Eleanor Rigby," Ned Benson . "Lost River" (a.k.a. "How to Catch a Monster"), Ryan Gosling . "Amour fou," Jessica Hausner . "Charlie's Country," Rolf de Heer . "Snow in Paradise," Andrew Hulme . "A Girl at My Door," July Jung . "Xenia", Panos Koutras . "Run," Philippe Lacote . "Turist," Ruben Ostlund . "Beautiful Youth," Jaime Rosales . "Fantasia," Wang Chao . "The Salt of the Earth," Wim Wenders and Juliano Ribeiro Salgado . "Away From His Absence," Keren Yedaya . OUT OF COMPETITION . "Coming Home," Zhang Yimou . "How to Train Your Dragon 2," Dean DeBlois . See the original story at EW.com. CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly . © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. All rights reserved.
highlights: Movies from Tommy Lee Jones and Bennett Miller will compete at Cannes . Ryan Gosling's directorial debut will also premiere at the film festival . This year's event will run from May 14 to May 25 . Nicole Kidman's "Grace of Monaco" will be the opening night film .
id: 5de1aa8e3cd51d27c4e1677d776b93a389a88c83
chatgpt: The Cannes Film Festival is just around the corner, and this year's line-up promises to be as exciting as ever. The festival, which runs from May 14 to May 25, will showcase a plethora of movies from around the world, including some highly anticipated works from some big names in the movie industry. One of the most talked-about movies at this year's festival is "Grace of Monaco," directed by Olivier Dahan and starring Nicole Kidman. This movie will be the opening night screening and is sure to attract plenty of attention. The movie is a biopic of Grace Kelly, the American actress who became the Princess of Monaco when she married Prince Rainier III. Tommy Lee Jones and Bennett Miller are two other big names in the movie industry whose films will be competing at Cannes this year. Jones is the director of "The Homesman," a western that stars Hilary Swank and Tommy Lee Jones himself. Miller is the director of "Foxcatcher," a movie about Olympic wrestling, starring Steve Carell and Channing Tatum. Another movie that is generating plenty of buzz is "Lost River," which marks the directorial debut of actor Ryan Gosling. The movie, which stars Christina Hendricks, tells the story of a single mother who is swept into a dark underworld while trying to save her son from a terrible fate. Other movies to look out for at this year's Cannes Film Festival include "Maps to the Stars," directed by David Cronenberg and starring Julianne Moore and Robert Pattinson, and "Winter Sleep," directed by Nuri Bilge Ceylan and winner of the Palme d'Or at last year's festival. The Cannes Film Festival is one of the most prestigious film festivals in the world, attracting many of the biggest names in the movie industry. It has a rich history that dates back to 1946, and it has consistently showcased the best in world cinema. In recent years, the festival has become more than just a showcase for movies – it has also become a platform for discussions about the movie industry and cinema in general. As we count down the days to this year's event, movie lovers around the world are eagerly anticipating the premieres of some exciting new films. With so many talented filmmakers and actors involved, this year's Cannes Film Festival is shaping up to be one of the best yet.