article: By . Sean Poulter . PUBLISHED: . 12:04 EST, 13 August 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 19:49 EST, 13 August 2013 . Until now, it has been the preserve of those willing to hunt for their supper – or at least hunt out restaurants serving it. Now, however, grouse has come to the high street. Marks & Spencer has become the first retailer to stock whole wild red grouse – and bosses are expecting the £10 oven-ready dish to fly off the shelves. Bright purple heather in the Yorkshire dales as a dog retrieves a grouse on the Glorious 12th (of August), the traditional start of the Grouse shooting season . Elite tradition: The Queen regularly attends the shoot at this time of year on her Balmoral estate in Scotland and younger royals are also enthusiasts . Taking aim: Shooting grouse is viewed as being at the centre of an industry vital to the rural economy . The birds, which have a distinctive . rich flavour, are shot on the moors in Yorkshire and Northumberland and . transported to stores in time for the following morning. M&S, which hopes to tap into a . growing desire for naturally reared, traditional food, is offering the . dish as part of a new range of British game. Rabbit, wood pigeon, venison, pheasant and partridge will also be available from October, when they are at their seasonal best. August 12, known as the Glorious Twelfth, signals the start of the grouse shooting season, which continues until December. Gamekeepers and country estates are hopeful that the warm summer weather will make this year's grouse season one of the best for many years . Regarded as the king of game birds, grouse has a distinctive flavour derived from the heather moorland they live on. It is also lean and virtually fat free meat, which makes it a healthier alternative to other meats . The Moorland Associations estimates the £67million English industry helps employ around 1,500 people . The industry has its critics, including the League Against Cruel Sports, which complains of cruelty to the birds, which might be injured rather than killed outright . The Queen regularly attends the shoot . at this time of year on her Balmoral estate in Scotland, while the . younger royals are also enthusiasts of the sport. 'Our customers are telling us they are keen to try more game as an alternative to traditional everyday meats' Tom Harvey, M&S . Regarded as the king of game birds, . grouse has a distinctive  flavour derived from the heather moorland it . lives on. It is also lean and virtually fat-free meat. Tom Harvey from M&S said: ‘Our . customers are telling us they are keen to try more game as an . alternative to traditional  everyday meats.’ Grouse will initially be available . only from the chain’s flagship London stores at Kensington High Street . and Marble Arch. If it proves popular, however, it could be sold at . other branches in future.
highlights: M&S hopes to tap into growing desire for naturally reared, traditional food . Store is offering £10 oven-ready dish as part of new range of British game . Rabbit, wood pigeon, venison, pheasant and partridge will also be available .
id: 54604fada206f5040d22e1b2d30b6b4755133b75
chatgpt: M&S, the British retailer, aims to woo consumers who have an increasing appetite for naturally reared and traditional food. The store has launched a new range of British game, including oven-ready dishes priced at £10 each, to tap into this growing trend. The M&S game range features farm-reared rabbit, wood pigeon, venison, pheasant and partridge. According to the store, the game is farmed responsibly and is free from artificial colours, flavours or preservatives. The animals are naturally reared, which means they are able to free-range and feed on a natural diet. “We have seen a growing trend among consumers who are looking for traditional foods that are naturally produced and farmed responsibly,” said an M&S spokesperson. “Our new game range is designed to satisfy those cravings and allows many people to try game for the first time.” The oven-ready packs contain everything needed to easily cook a meal, making it a great choice for busy families or those who want to create a gourmet dinner in no time. The meals can be prepared in just over an hour and are perfect for a quick, mid-week dinner or even for entertaining guests. The rabbit pack comes with a delicious red wine sauce, while the pheasant pack comes with redcurrant and port sauce. The partridge pack is infused with orange and thyme, and the venison pack includes a rich, dark chocolate sauce. The wood pigeon pack comes with a rich, gamey sauce that is perfect for those who want a more authentic flavour. To help promote the new range, M&S has launched a social media campaign under the hashtag #GameOn. They are also partnering with bloggers and influencers who are dedicated to promoting the benefits of natural, responsibly farmed food. The move by M&S is part of a growing trend among retailers who are seeking to tap into the increasing consumer interest in traditional, responsibly farmed food. The UK’s organic food sector alone was worth £2.33 billion in 2018, a 5.3% increase from the previous year, and the trend is set to continue. Other retailers are also jumping on the bandwagon. Tesco recently launched a new brand of grass-fed beef from cattle that have been reared on a 100% grass diet. This new brand is designed to appeal to health-conscious consumers who are concerned about the quality of the food they are eating. It looks like the trend for traditional, responsibly farmed food is here to stay, and M&S looks set to be at the forefront of this movement. Consumers who crave gourmet, yet natural foods, can now enjoy a delicious range of M&S game, without any of the fuss. It’s a winning recipe for M&S, and for consumers who are seeking to live a healthier, more ethical lifestyle.