article: By . Mario Ledwith . PUBLISHED: . 14:54 EST, 25 December 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 11:03 EST, 26 December 2012 . The first installment of American vampire series Twilight was the most counterfeited DVD over the festive period. The film industry's anti-piracy organisation FACT seized hundreds of thousands of illegal copies of the The Twilight Series: Breaking Dawn - Part 1. Starring Robert Pattinson, Kristen Stewart and Taylor Lautner, the film is part of a romantic fantasy series based on the novels of Stephanie Meyer. Stars: Actors Kristen Stewart and Robert Pattinson who star in The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn - Part 1, which was found to be most counterfeited DVD in Britain . Entwined: Kristen Stewart stars as Bella Swan and Robert Pattinson as Edward Cullen in the hit film series . Illegal street and market sales of the film easily outstripped sales of all other counterfeit films in Britain, highlighting its popularity. It is the first time in four years that a Harry Potter film has failed to be the most pirated film at Christmas, according to the annual counterfeit chart. Other fakes highly in demand include: Avengers Assemble, The Hunger Games and Brave. FACT say they believe the case of Anton Vickerman case in May has led to a huge decline in online piracy crime. Public: The private lives of Kristen Stewart and Robert Pattinson have been in the spotlight after it was alleged the couple split-up then got back together after she had an affair . Pushed out: It is the first time in four years a film in the Harry Potter film series has not been the most counterfeited title at Christmas . Popular: Avengers Assemble, left, and Brave, right, have also proved popular on the black market, ranking second and fourth on the counterfeit list respectively . Vickerman, from Gateshead, who operated surfthechannel.com and offered links to infringed movies, was jailed for four years. FACT spokesman Eddy Leviten said : 'This year has been quite a turning point. People who thought they could get away with running a piracy site have found they could end up in prison. 'There have been other cases where defendants changed their pleas to guilty-partly because of this case and partly because of things we have been doing to tackle online piracy. 'There is still a problem in Britain with pirated DVDs being sold by Chinese criminals, but this form of crime is much diminished. 'We have seized more than 500,000 in the last part of the year compared with 800,000 in 2011 and more than 1million in 2010.' 1. Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn -  Part 1 . 2. Avengers Assemble . 3. The Hunger Games . 4. Brave . 5. Ice Age: Continental Drift . 6. The Amazing Spider-Man . 7. The Lorax . 8. Dark Knight Rises . 9. Ted . 10. Men in Black 3 .
highlights: First time in four years a Harry potter film has not been most counterfeited . List compiled by film industry's anti-piracy body FACT . Body says court cases have led to decline in online piracy .
id: e9e3b310b84e26a419841a3dc1656fb109a18a74
chatgpt: For the first time in four years, a Harry Potter film has not been named the most counterfeited movie, according to the latest report by the Film Industry's anti-piracy organization, Federation Against Copyright Theft (FACT). The organization, which released its annual summary of intellectual property crime, revealed that while the Harry Potter franchise is still a significant target for counterfeiters, other films have now surpassed it as the most popular target for piracy. The report also notes that the decline in the counterfeiting of Harry Potter films can be partly attributed to the successful legal actions taken against individuals and entities engaged in the illegal activity. Over the last few years, the legal system has clamped down on online piracy in a bid to deter its spread. FACT has been active in pursuing and prosecuting those individuals and groups involved in stealing and distributing copyrighted material. Speaking about the trend, FACT CEO Kieron Sharp stated: "As a result of the hard work of the police and FACT investigators, we have managed to reduce the level of counterfeiting in the UK." He added that, "More and more people are recognizing the importance of intellectual property rights, which is having a positive impact on the industry." The report shows that there has been significant progress in the fight against intellectual property crime in the UK. The findings reveal that record lows have been achieved in relation to counterfeit music, films, and TV shows. There has been a significant reduction in illegally streaming of movies and TV shows, with a 70% decrease in 2020 compared to 2019. Despite this, the report notes that the industry still faces considerable challenges from online piracy. Illegal downloading and streaming remain a huge problem, and the amount of counterfeit movies, music, and TV shows available online is still substantial. The rise of illegal streaming sites that offer access to movies and TV shows on a subscription model has put added pressure on the industry. These sites operate similarly to legitimate streaming sites like Netflix, but without paying any licensing fees or royalties, which causes huge financial losses for the film industry. However, FACT is confident that its ongoing work to tackle intellectual property crime will continue to drive positive change. The organization is calling on the public to support its fight against piracy by reporting any illegal activity they come across. In conclusion, the decline in the counterfeiting of Harry Potter films is a positive sign for the UK film industry, and the efforts of FACT and the wider enforcement agencies are helping to reduce the levels of online piracy. Still, the challenges posed by online piracy remain significant, and continued efforts will be necessary to ensure that the industry can continue to thrive.