article: A mother has fled from her home in northern Italy to Syria with her six-year-old son - apparently lured to the war-torn country by ISIS promises of money in return for children. The woman, who is Albanian by birth, is understood to have left Barzago for Syria in December with the boy, leaving her two young daughters and husband behind. Her husband believed she had been enticed by the promise of financial rewards for women who have babies with ISIS soldiers, Italy's TGCom24 reported. The Albanian woman left her home in Italy with her young son (not pictured) for Syria in December, enticed by ISIS's promise of financial rewards in return for having children they can turn into jihadists. ISIS's use of children was highlighted in this video - which may have been staged, above - showing a young boy executing two 'Russian spies' by shooting them in the back of the head . The so-called cash-for-babies promise was given as the reason women from at least three Somali families in the States were lured to the country, according to The Times. The group is said to want young children who they can train up as Jihadists - like the boy who was seen 'executing' two alleged Russian spies this month. La Repubblica reported the husband, who it names as Afrim, followed his wife - referred to as 'V' - and son to Syria hoping to get them to return home with him. But his desperate search ended when was unable to reach them, although it has been reported elsewhere he has located her by phone. He revealed he had watched her gradually turn into 'a sister of Jihad' in the months before her flight from Italy, where she had lived since 1995. Pictures of the six-year-old being looked after two women in ISIS-held territory are also said to exist, but have not been released. The woman's husband has tried to get her back by following her to Syria - but he was unable to find her once he got to the country . Akrim has now approached the police for help, and her case is being investigated by police in Italy. V is the second Italian woman known to have gone to Syria to join the extremist militants: . Maria Giulia Sergio, who is married to an Albanian,  is understood to have left for the country in September with her husband. The Local reports the 27-year-old now goes by the name of Fatima Az Zahra.
highlights: Woman fled her home in Italy in December after deciding to join ISIS . Husband followed his wife and son to Syria to try to bring them home . Reveals he watched her being gradually turned into 'a sister of Jihad' Believes she was enticed by promises of money in return for children . The abduction is now being investigated by Italian authorities .
id: af067d57cbbf3b4206a0de1cef52c96b7cbb7ebb
chatgpt: In December, a woman from Italy fled her home to join ISIS, leaving her husband and son behind. Shocked and desperate, the husband decided to follow his wife and son to Syria to try to bring them back home. In a recent interview, the husband revealed how he watched his wife being gradually turned into "a sister of Jihad." He believes that she was enticed by promises of money in return for children. According to the husband, his wife was already in contact with ISIS members before she left Italy. She had been spending a lot of time on social media, joining groups and communicating with people who shared extremist views. In Syria, the husband joined forces with local authorities to launch a search for his wife and son. Unfortunately, his efforts were in vain as he was unable to locate them. The Italian authorities have since launched an investigation into the abduction. They believe that the woman may have been coerced or forced into joining ISIS. The case sheds light on the ongoing threat of radicalization and the lure of ISIS propaganda. Many individuals, particularly women, are vulnerable to being radicalized through online platforms, where they are exposed to extremist ideologies and propaganda. Furthermore, the promise of financial gain, such as the offer of money in return for children, is a tactic often used by terrorist groups to lure people into their fold. This case underscores the importance of early intervention and prevention in countering extremist radicalization. It also highlights the need for continued efforts to track and disrupt terrorist networks, both online and offline. The husband's bravery and determination to rescue his wife and son serve as a reminder of the devastating impact of radicalization on families and communities. It is hoped that the ongoing investigation will result in the successful recovery of the woman and her son and prevent future cases of radicalization and abduction.