article: Paul Scholes insists England manager Roy Hodgson must copy Sir Alex Ferguson when it comes to stopping Andrea Pirlo when the two sides clash at the World Cup on June 14. Writing in his Paddy Power blog, the former Manchester United midfielder claims the Italian is the best playmaker in the world. But he believes United showed how to deal with him when they deployed Park Ji-Sung in a man-marking role against AC Milan in the Champions League in 2010. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Pirlo star alongside Balotelli in Italy training and against Luxembourg . Main man: Andrea Pirlo remains Italy's dangerman ahead of their World Cup clash with England . ‘Pirlo is the world’s greatest playmaker – the complete footballer,’ writes Scholes. ‘Give him time and space and he will destroy you. He’s such a clever player and is so composed. If surrounded he’ll lay it off. If he’s got room he’s devastating.' England have first-hand experience of Pirlo having lost to his Italy side in Euro 2012. Scholes added: ‘Even though England’s Euro 2012 game against Italy finished 0-0, we paid nowhere near enough attention to him. Pirlo is not renowned for his athleticism, and he’s 35 now, but that day he ran 11.58km, more than any England player. He also had more passes (131) than England’s four starting midfielders.’ Scholes recalls how Ferguson learned from his mistakes when United played Milan four years ago. Man marking: Park Ji-Sung stopped Pirlo from performing when Manchester United played AC Milan . Tactics: Sir Alex Ferguson (left) masterminded United's win over AC Milan in 2010 . ‘In 2010 before Man United played AC Milan in the Champions League, Sir Alex gave very specific instructions on how to take care of Pirlo. Man-marking him was a huge part of our pre-game plan – I played against him when Milan beat us 3-0 at the San Siro in 2007. We didn’t man-mark him. He destroyed us. We learned, and it was painful,' he said. ‘Park Ji-Sung was the perfect man for Pirlo in 2010 and never gave him kick (in a 7-2 aggregate victory). You could even see Pirlo getting frustrated and having little kicks out by the end. ‘Pirlo spoke about Park in his book: "They’d programmed him to stop me. His devotion to the task was almost touching. Even though he was a famous player, he consented to being used as a guard dog.” ‘For Manaus, we need an ‘English Park Ji-Sung’ – one England player designated to man-mark him. Looking at the squad, Danny Welbeck – a good defender who can nick the ball well – could be an option and would be a bold decision, one which gives England a creative outlet, and saddles Pirlo with defensive work.’ Slow start: Italy were held to a draw by Luxembourg in their friendly in Perugia on Wednesday .
highlights: Paul Scholes says Andrea Pirlo can 'destroy' teams . Ex-Manchester United star rates him as the best playmaker in the world . England play Italy at the World Cup on June 14 . Scholes recalls how United stopped Pirlo using Park Ji-Sung in 2010 .
id: ab21d19eb53697babb808553985c68b43de3b195
chatgpt: Former Manchester United midfield maestro, Paul Scholes has hailed Italian legend, Andrea Pirlo, as the best playmaker in the world ahead of their clash with the Azzurri at the World Cup on June 14. The 46-year-old, who helped the Red Devils to eleven Premier League titles during his illustrious career, has warned the Three Lions of the threat posed by the midfield maestro. Speaking to the media, Scholes reminisced about how his former side managed to contain Pirlo during a Champions League tie against former club, AC Milan in 2010. The legendary midfielder revealed that despite the array of talent on display, United found a way to restrict the Italian by using Park Ji-Sung who was assigned with man-marking him. Scholes lauded Pirlo's ability to control games with his excellent range of passing and technical ability, labeling him as the ultimate playmaker. However, he warned England not to underestimate the threat posed by the Italian talisman, who has the ability to 'destroy' teams. "He's the best playmaker of the last 20 years, easily. There's no doubt about that for me," Scholes said. "He's got everything you want from a midfielder: brain, ability, creativity, goals. He's like Xavi, but he can score you more goals than Xavi." While Pirlo, who played a pivotal role in Italy's 2006 World Cup triumph, may be in the twilight of his illustrious career, his mere presence on the pitch adds to Italy's already imposing reputation. The 42-year-old has been instrumental in helping Italy to qualify for the global showpiece, and his leadership would be key as they embark on their quest for a second World Cup title. England, who have never won the World Cup since hosting it in 1966, will be looking to stamp their authority in their opening match of the tournament. However, with the quality of their opponents, they would have to be at their absolute best to get a positive result.  The clash is set to be an exciting one as both teams look to stamp their authority in what promises to be a fiercely contested encounter. Scholes advice to England would be to keep a close eye on Pirlo, who has the ability to dictate games single-handedly. It remains to be seen whether England can contain Pirlo or if he would wreak havoc on the English defense. One thing is for sure, however: The stage is set for a clash of titans, and a fascinating spectacle awaits.