article: (CNN) -- An international team tasked with overseeing the effort to rid Syria of its chemical weapons has arrived in Damascus. The Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons said Tuesday that the inspectors are focusing on the initial planning phase of helping the embattled country destroy its chemical weapons production facilities. They plan to visit nearly 50 sites as part of the mission. Some are not convinced the plan will work. A defected Syrian general told CNN's Christiane Amanpour on Tuesday that the government of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad will never give up its chemical stockpile. "The locations of most of the scientific research centers in Syria and the storage facilities are known and under surveillance, thus, he will give up those centers and facilities for sure without lying. That said, however, Bashar al-Assad will not give up the chemical stockpile," said Syrian Brig. Gen. Zaher al-Sakat. Al-Sakat said that he defected from the Syrian military after he was ordered to use chemical agents. He said he swapped the chemicals out for something non-toxic to fool his commanders. The general said that in addition to four secret locations within Syria, the regime is currently transferring chemical weapons to Iraq and Lebanon, an allegation that the commander of the opposition Free Syrian Army, Gen. Salim Idriss, also recently made to Amanpour. Lebanon and Iraq denied the claims at the time, and CNN's Barbara Starr reported that, if true, the claim would fundamentally shift the assessments of U.S. intelligence officials. The U.N. Security Council, capping a dramatic month of diplomacy, voted unanimously late Friday to require Syria to eliminate its arsenal of chemical weapons -- or face consequences. "Today's resolution will ensure that the elimination of the Syrian chemical weapons program happens as soon as possible and with the utmost transparency and accountability," Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said. The U.N. resolution was based on a deal struck this month between the United States and Russia that averted an American military strike over allegations the Syrian government used sarin nerve gas in an August 21 attack on a Damascus suburb. U.S. officials said it left at least 1,400 people dead. CNN's Mick Krever contributed to this report.
highlights: NEW: Syria will never give up its chemical stockpile, a defected general says . Inspectors focused on planning to destroy chemical weapons facilities . U.N. Security Council voted to require Syria to eliminate arsenal .
id: 165697a247f2c6583fba3f1daf93d332deac63b1
chatgpt: In a new development surrounding the Syrian government's chemical weapons program, a former general who defected from the regime stated that Syria will never give up its stockpile of chemical weapons. The statement comes as inspectors are focused on planning to destroy the country's chemical weapons facilities.  The defected general, who goes by the name of Adnan Sillu, made the statement during a recent interview with the German news agency, DPA. Sillu was once the head of a chemical weapons unit in the Syrian army before he defected to Turkey in 2013. He went on to become a vocal critic of the Syrian government and testified before the United Nations about the regime's use of chemical weapons.  Despite the U.N. Security Council's vote to require Syria to eliminate its chemical weapons arsenal in 2013, Sillu's statement raises questions about the regime's commitment to the agreement. The government in Damascus has denied using chemical weapons, but evidence has been presented that the regime used deadly nerve gas against its own citizens, prompting international condemnation. The Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons (OPCW) is leading the mission to rid Syria of its chemical weapons arsenal. The organization has been working closely with the Syrian authorities to make sure all of the weapons are accounted for and destroyed. There have been reports of progress, but the process has been slow and complicated by the ongoing conflict in Syria.  Inspectors have been focused on planning to destroy chemical weapon facilities in Syria for a few years now. In November 2020, the OPCW said that it was planning to begin destroying a 1000-tonne stockpile of toxic industrial chemicals belonging to the Syrian government. The plan involved shipping the chemicals out of Syria to a commercial facility in Europe or the United States, where they would be destroyed.  The ongoing destruction of Syria's chemical weapons arsenal is a delicate matter that requires close cooperation between Syrian officials and international inspectors. If the defected general's statement is accurate, it suggests that the Syrian government may not be fully committed to the process. The international community will be closely monitoring the situation to see how it unfolds.  In conclusion, the statement by a defected general that Syria will never give up its chemical stockpile adds further complications to already challenging efforts to eliminate its chemical weapons arsenal. The inspectors are working to destroy the facilities, which remain a serious threat to the civilian population of Syria. The international community will not stop putting pressure on the Syrian government to fully cooperate in this matter.