article: Boys as well as girls should be given the HPV jab to prevent rising rates of cancer, according to experts. The vaccine is currently given to girls aged 12 and 13 to protect against the human papillomavirus, which causes cervical cancer. But the virus is actually thought to trigger 5 per cent of all cancers worldwide including those affecting 2,000 men a year. Girls aged 12 and 13 are currently offered the HPV vaccine to help protect against cervical cancer, which is caused by the human papillomavirus . A committee of experts working for the Department of Health are currently deciding whether boys aged 12 to 13 should also be offered the vaccine. Campaigners say it would save lives, avoid needless suffering and spare the NHS millions of pounds in treatment costs. The vaccines would be offered on a voluntary basis to boys at school and would cost the health service up to £22 million annually. HPV is spread via sexual contact and causes cervical cancer in women as well as cancer of the throat, anus and penis. The experts – the Joint Committee of Vaccination and Immunisation – met yesterday are expected to make a final decision next month. Girls aged 12 and 13 have been offered the jab on a voluntary basis since 2008 and around 80 per cent have it. Peter Baker, Campaign Director of HPV Action.org,  said it was 'blatantly unfair' that women were protected from cancers and other diseases caused by HPV infection while men were not. ‘Men will continue to die from HPV-related diseases unless the government acts to extend the national vaccination programme to all adolescent boys,’ he said. ‘This would only cost about £20-£22 million a year and, in the long run, save the money spent by the NHS on treatment as well as reducing human suffering. ‘If parents knew that their sons as well as their daughters could be protected from the virus that causes 5 per cent of all cancers, then I'm sure most would also agree.' Earlier this month MPs from the All-Party Parliamentary Groups on Cancer, Dentistry, Sexual and Reproductive Health, Men's Health and HIV and Aids said more than 2,000 cases of cancer in men each year in the UK were caused by HPV. In an open letter they wrote: ‘The long-term savings in treatment and care of men with HPV-related diseases would considerably outweigh the extra cost (about £20 million a year) of extending the programme.’ Dr Kate Soldan, head of HPV surveillance at Public Health England, the Department of Health agency in charge of vaccines said it would provide ‘few additional benefits.’ The Department of Health is currently debating whether to extend the vaccination programme to include boys aged 12 and 13, to help protect against HPV (pictured). The virus is linked to cancer of the throat, anus and penis - affecting around 2,000 men each year .
highlights: Girls aged 12 and 13 are offered the jab to protect against cervical cancer . Department of Health is meeting to decide if the vaccine should be extended to include boys aged 12 and 13 . Human papillomavirus (HPV) causes the disease and is thought to trigger 5% of cancers worldwide - including those affecting 2,000 men a year . It is also linked to cancer of the throat, anus and penis .
id: 18b52e5848fe4c564ecc64ae00f897a5474074bb
chatgpt: The UK Department of Health is considering an important decision that would have a significant impact on the fight against cervical cancer. Currently, girls aged 12 and 13 are offered the HPV vaccination, but a meeting has been called to discuss whether to make the vaccine available to boys of the same age. The HPV vaccination protects against human papillomavirus, which is responsible for causing cervical cancer. The virus is thought to trigger 5% of cancers globally, including those affecting around 2,000 men in the UK each year. In addition to cervical cancer, HPV is also linked to a range of other cancers, including those affecting the throat, anus, and penis. Making the vaccine available to boys would offer several key benefits. Firstly, it would provide protection to boys who are at risk of developing HPV-related cancers. Currently, boys are not offered the vaccine, and this means that they are more vulnerable to the virus and its potential consequences. Extending the vaccine program to include boys would help to close this gap, ensuring that both boys and girls receive the same level of protection. Secondly, offering the vaccine to boys would help to reduce transmission of HPV in the population as a whole. Because the virus is passed on through sexual contact, boys and men can act as carriers of the virus, spreading the infection to women they have sexual relationships with. By vaccinating boys as well as girls, we can reduce the overall prevalence of the virus in the population, which in turn will reduce the number of cancer cases linked to HPV. Finally, extending the vaccine program to include boys would be a positive step in tackling gender inequality in healthcare. Currently, it is only girls who are offered the HPV vaccine, which means that boys are disadvantaged. Ensuring that both boys and girls receive the same level of protection is an important way to promote equal access to healthcare, and it is consistent with the UK's commitments to gender equality. Of course, there are also some challenges associated with extending the vaccine program to include boys. One key issue is the cost. Providing the vaccine to an additional cohort of young people would represent a significant expense, and the Department of Health will need to consider whether the benefits of the program justify this cost. There are also some concerns about the potential side effects of the vaccine. While the vaccine is generally well-tolerated, there have been some reports of adverse reactions, and it is important that these are taken into account when making decisions about the vaccine program. Despite these challenges, there is strong evidence to support extending the vaccine program to include boys, and this is an important step towards reducing the burden of HPV-related cancers in the population. The UK has already made significant progress in the fight against cervical cancer through the HPV vaccination program, and by extending this program to boys, we can continue to make important gains in the fight against this devastating disease.