article: (CNN) -- Iran has hanged a man who was convicted of killing one of its nuclear scientists, state-run Press TV reported Tuesday. Majid Jamali Fashi was convicted of the January 2010 killing of Massoud Ali Mohammadi, an Iranian university professor and a nuclear scientist. He was also convicted of spying. Prosecutors accused him of working for Israel's spy agency, Mossad, and said he was paid $120,000 by Israel to carry out the hit. Israel does not comment on such claims. The killing was among a series of attacks against Iranian nuclear scientists in recent years. In January, Iran sent a letter to the United Nations secretary-general alleging that the killings of the scientists were terrorist attacks that followed a clear pattern. "There is firm evidence that certain foreign quarters are behind such assassinations," the letter said. "It is highly expected from the secretary-general of the United Nations, and President of the Security Council of the United Nations, as well as all other relevant organs and bodies, to condemn, in the strongest terms, these inhumane terrorist acts." Mostafa Ahmadi Roshan, another nuclear scientist, was killed in a blast in Tehran in January after a motorcyclist placed a magnetic bomb under Roshan's Peugeot 405 automobile. Mohammadi and one other scientist were killed in a similar fashion in the last two years. With no one claiming responsibility, the killings remain shrouded in mystery. In January, Mohammad Khazaee, Iran's U.N. ambassador, blamed Israel for the attacks. "They are trying to assassinate the Iranian scientists to deprive Iranians from the right of using peaceful nuclear energy," Khazaee said. "We believe that these terrorist attacks are supported by some elements -- especially within the Israeli regime, as well as some quarters around the world." Israel generally refuses to comment on accusations and speculation. After Roshan's death, Brig. Gen. Yoav Mordechai, a spokesman for the Israel Defense Forces, said on his Facebook page Wednesday, "I have no idea who targeted the Iranian scientist but I certainly don't shed a tear." Some in Iran have pointed to the United States, but U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton rejected the claims. "I want to categorically deny any United States involvement in any kind of act of violence inside Iran," she said in January.
highlights: Majid Jamali Fashi was convicted of the January 2010 killing of a university professor . He was also convicted of spying for Israel . Israel does not comment on such claims . The killing was one of several attacks on Iranian scientists .
id: b0785ba367cb6b02fc4b8324bffcd7f38b1fe947
chatgpt: Majid Jamali Fashi, an Iranian man, has been convicted of the killing of a university professor and spying for Israel. The killing took place in January 2010 and was one of several attacks on Iranian scientists. Fashi was found guilty of the murder after confessing to the crime during his trial. The victim, Professor Masoud Ali-Mohammadi, was a nuclear physicist and professor at Tehran University. He was killed by a remote-controlled bomb as he left his home in the Iranian capital. The attack was one of a series of similar incidents that targeted Iranian nuclear scientists and researchers. Fashi's trial was held in August 2011, and he was subsequently found guilty of both the murder and espionage charges. The court ruled that Fashi had been working for Israel's Mossad spy agency and had received training and support from the Israeli government. Israel has not commented on the allegations. Fashi was sentenced to death for the murder and received an additional four years in prison for the spying charges. His sentence was later commuted to 15 years in prison after a legal review. The Iranian government has accused Israel of being behind a series of targeted assassinations of Iranian nuclear scientists in recent years. In addition to the killing of Professor Ali-Mohammadi, other prominent figures in Iran's nuclear program, including Mostafa Ahmadi Roshan, have been targeted in similar attacks. Israel has repeatedly refused to comment on the allegations of its involvement in these attacks. However, some experts believe that Israeli intelligence agencies may be involved in covert operations against Iran's nuclear program as part of efforts to prevent the country from obtaining nuclear weapons. The conviction of Majid Jamali Fashi for the killing of Professor Ali-Mohammadi highlights the ongoing tensions between Iran and Israel over Iran's nuclear program. The Iranian government remains committed to pursuing its nuclear ambitions, despite international opposition and economic sanctions. Meanwhile, Israel continues to maintain a tough stance towards Iran and has threatened to take military action to prevent Iran from obtaining nuclear weapons. The case has also raised concerns about the use of capital punishment in Iran. Human rights groups have criticized Iran's judicial system for its use of the death penalty and have called for reforms to ensure a fair trial process. Despite these concerns, the Iranian government has continued to carry out executions for a range of offenses, including drug trafficking, murder, and espionage. Overall, the conviction of Majid Jamali Fashi for the killing of a university professor and spying for Israel highlights ongoing tensions between Iran and Israel. The case is just one of many examples of the covert operations and targeted attacks that are being carried out in the shadowy world of espionage and international relations.