article: Tragedy: Shannon Zwanziger passed away in early December after contracting the flu . Three children have died in Minnesota from what health officials are warning parents is a particularly virulent strain of seasonal flu. Seven other children are currently being treated at the intensive care unit of the Children's Hospital in St. Paul. Worringly, the flu has proved fatal to children with no apparent underlying health problems and statistics from the Minnesota Department of Health have revealed that in some parts of the state up to 50 percent of students have been absent in December battling the illness. Dr. Pritish Tosh of the Mayo Clinic explained that even in healthy children, the virus can cause the body to battle itself, sending white blood cells flooding into the lungs to compensate and lead to fatal consequences. 'The virus can enter the blood stream and then the brain, creating severe respiratory symptoms including shortness of breath and a very high fever,' he said to ABC News. 'If the body's reaction to the virus is too vigorous, this can cause as much damage as the virus itself,' he said. Indeed, 17-year-old Shannon Zwanziger, a senior at Owatonna High School died at the Mayo Clinic in early December from the flu. Initially falling ill with a fever and sore throat, Shannon deteriorated at home and her heart stopped beating while she was in her mother's arms after being sick for one week. Scroll down for video . No health issues: According to Shannon's parents, she had no underlying health problems before she got the flu . Despite the paramedics and best efforts, she passed away. 'The dominant strain appears to be H3, which in previous seasons meant there were more hospitalizations, more deaths and more disease in general,' said Karen Martin, a state health epidemiologist to the Star Tribune. Earlier in the month the CDC sent an advisory to doctors noting that one component of this year's flu vaccine was only partially protective against the predominant flu virus, known as influenza A (H3N2), which has mutated since the current flu shots were made. CDC Director Dr. Thomas Frieden said it takes four months to make a new flu vaccine even using newer cell-based technologies, too long to be helpful in the current flu season. Past seasons dominated by H3N2 strains of flu have been severe, and the worry is that without a good match in this year's flu shot, many people could be hospitalized or die from flu this year. Frieden encouraged people who have not been vaccinated to get a flu shot because it could still offer partial protection against the mutated H3N2 virus and good protection from other strains that might become predominant later this year. CDC testing shows the vaccine offers good protection from about half of the H3N2 flu strains circulating, as well as H1N1 and influenza B strains.
highlights: Seasonal virus has mutated and has swept Minnesota . Teenagers with no underlying conditions have been worst affected . Shannon Zwanziger, 17, died earlier this month after being sick with the flu for a week .
id: 92a00c7127952c3de3834f3ed54b3704dd6784c4
chatgpt: Minnesota is in the grip of a mutated seasonal virus that has left many residents ill, and it is particularly hitting teenagers with no underlying conditions hard. Shannon Zwanziger, a 17-year-old from the area, unfortunately succumbed to the flu earlier this month after being unwell for just a week. The flu is a common illness that most people experience at some point in their lives, but this year’s outbreak in Minnesota has taken a deadly turn. What started out as a typical winter bug has evolved into something far more dangerous, with officials warning people to take extra precautions to avoid infection. Despite being young and healthy, Shannon Zwanziger was unable to fight off the virus. She had no underlying health issues, bbut the mutated form of the flu proved too much for her immune system. Her death has sent shockwaves through the community, and people are starting to realise just how serious this outbreak really is. It is not just teenagers who are being affected by the virus, but they seem to be the most vulnerable group. The flu’s rapid spread and high mortality rate have seen young people, like Shannon, suffer the most. There have been reports of other young people being hospitalised as a result of the flu, as doctors struggle to contain the outbreak. Minnesota officials are urging residents to take extra precautions, particularly those who are vulnerable, such as the elderly and people with underlying health conditions. Health professionals are advising people to get vaccinated, even if they have had the flu before. The vaccine is designed to protect against multiple strains of the virus, including the mutated form that is currently sweeping across Minnesota. The flu is an airborne disease, and experts are warning people to take extra care when in public places. They suggest that if someone is feeling unwell, they should go home and rest, rather than risk spreading the virus further. Officials are also urging people to wash their hands regularly and avoid touching their faces, as this can increase the risk of infection. Despite these warnings and advice, many people are still not taking the outbreak seriously enough. Schools and public places are still crowded, and people are not taking sufficient measures to protect themselves and others. Officials are pleading with the public to take the threat seriously, as it is a matter of life and death. The mutated form of the flu has taken many people by surprise, with health professionals admitting they were not prepared for such a rapid spread. However, they are working hard to contain the outbreak, and they are urging people to take all necessary precautions to avoid catching the virus. Shannon Zwanziger’s death is a tragic reminder of how vulnerable we all are, even if we are young and healthy. The flu does not discriminate and can strike anyone at any time. It is up to all of us to protect ourselves and others, and to take this outbreak seriously before it is too late.