article: Dogs are known for being man's best friend, but after one dog stopped his owner from getting robbed at gunpoint he might soon be called man's best superhero instead. Thor, a Pit Bull-Boxer mix, didn't hesitate when a robber attacked his owner Justin Ireland, pouncing on the intruder and scaring him off in a matter of seconds. Ireland was working the afternoon shift at a gas station in Saco, Maine when he said a man walked up to the door and asked to use the phone. This is the moment a hero dog named Thor pounced on an intruder who attempted to rob his owner, Justin Ireland, at gunpoint in a  Maine gas station . 'I never let anyone in the building,' said Ireland. 'So I said no, I don't have a phone you can use.' The man then pulled out a gun and demanded money, before giving Ireland a hard shove. That was the moment, Ireland said, that Thor went on the attack, nipping at the robber's hand before biting him on both sides of the face, according to police. 'As soon as the guy laid a hand on me and I started yelling, that's when he went right after him,' Ireland told WGME 13. Ireland was working the evening shift when a man came up to the door and asked if he could use a phone. Ireland, who said he never lets anyone in the building, told the man no . The man then forced his way in and pulled out a gun, which Thor immediately sprung for, and demanded money . Thor immediately went on the attack, nipping at the robber's hand before biting him on both sides of the face . The robber fled in a matter of seconds and still remains at large. Ireland has never trained Thor and said the dog acted on sheer instinct . The intruder fled in a matter of seconds. Ireland, who has never trained Thor, said the three-year-old dog acted on sheer instinct. He said his boss has always liked having Thor around because 'he looks like good security'. Although Ireland ran after the robber, the man drove off and is still at large since the Tuesday attack. Police described the suspect as a 5'8 white male weighing 180 pounds who may have dog bites to his face. He was wearing a navy blue Gap hoodie during the attempted armed robbery and was carrying what Ireland said looked like a BB gun. The robber fled in a light blue Chevy Silverado truck.
highlights: Justin Ireland was working his shift at a gas station in Saco, Maine when a robber forced his way in with a gun and demanded money . Thor sprung into action after the intruder shoved  Ireland . Pit Bull-Boxer mix nipped at his hand before biting both sides of his face . Ireland has never trained Thor and said he acted on sheer instinct .
id: c77cac27673fe840fc258fd48e7d1c4d60eac15b
chatgpt: A Pit Bull-Boxer mix named Thor is being hailed a hero after he bravely protected his owner from an armed robber. Justin Ireland was working the night shift at a gas station in Saco, Maine when a man wearing a hoodie and a face mask entered the store with a gun. "He asked me for the money and I was like, 'I can't open the till, I don't have a key," Ireland recalled. "He was like, 'Give me the money, give me the money.'" As the robber became more aggressive, he shoved Ireland and threatened to shoot him if he didn't comply with his demands. That's when Thor sprang into action. "The dog just lunged at him and started biting him," Ireland said. "He bit his hand and then he got him by the face." Thor wasn't trained to protect his owner, but Ireland believes his dog acted on sheer instinct. The ferocious pooch bit the robber's face on both sides before the man dropped his gun and ran out of the store. Ireland called the police and gave them a description of the suspect, but he hasn't been caught yet. Despite his injuries, Ireland is grateful that Thor was there to protect him. "I never trained him for anything like that. He is just like a big teddy bear," Ireland said. "He just defended me and he did a really good job." News of Thor's heroic actions quickly spread on social media, and people around the world are praising the brave dog. Some have even called for Thor to receive a medal for his bravery. Pit Bulls are often stigmatized as aggressive and dangerous dogs, but Ireland believes that Thor's actions prove otherwise. "I think it just goes to show, you know, they are not all bad dogs. There are bad people in the world, not necessarily bad dogs," Ireland said. Ireland suffered minor injuries from the scuffle, but he's expected to make a full recovery. He said he's grateful for his dog's quick thinking and bravery, and he hopes that Thor's story will inspire others to adopt Pit Bulls and give them a chance. "This guy literally just came in and I was really scared and then this guy just saved my life," Ireland said. "I never thought in a million years it would happen."