article: (CNN) -- A decade ago, they zoomed down the futuristic highways of science fiction film Minority Report. Now, driverless cars may be coming to the roads of the real world. Driverless cars have long been the realm of fantasy, but the boss of one of the world's largest auto makers says they could hit showrooms within the next 10 years. Carlos Ghosn, chief executive of Renault-Nissan, told CNN's Max Foster that the company is targeting a "totally autonomous" car by 2020. Read more: Euro pioneer: Europe would have suffered without single currency . Ghosn said that a car with artificial intelligence would be "a huge advantage," allowing people to use the time saved in commuting to be more productive. "People on average in the world spend two hours in a car per day," he said. Ghosn added that consumers will be able to use the commute to teach their children or consult with their doctor while being chauffeured around in their cars. Read more: How saffron could save Greek farmers . The self-driving car has been a staple in Hollywood blockbusters as a symbol of an advanced society in a futuristic world. This month Nissan took the first step towards autonomous vehicles by unveiling the latest version of its Qashqai Crossover in London. And Ghosn said some of the technology needed for a driverless car is in the new model. "This is not a car with autonomous driving," he said, "[but] there are plenty of small features which will be at the base of autonomous driving to help you avoid an accident." Read more: Europe feeling the economic winds of change . In Nissan's pursuit of a driverless car, the company has outlined two key pillars; zero emissions and zero fatalities. Headlights that dim automatically, fitted cameras to maintain distance from other vehicles and detectors to aid blind spots are just some of the features on the new Qashqai. Nissan plans to showcase its autonomous vehicle technology at the Tokyo Motor Show when it opens to the public on November 23. Investing for the future . Qashqai sales are a rare glimmer of growth in a European car market that is trying to recover after the 2008 financial crisis. "They are the number one most sold car in Europe, more than 240,000, presenting more than 30% of sales," Ghosn said. Read more: Is Greece finally on the mend after economic crisis? And the CEO, who heads the longstanding partnership between French Renault and Japanese Nissan, said the "systematic decline" of the European car market is now over. In spite of Europe's decline, the Renault Nissan Alliance, which was formed in 1999, has continued with its 4 billion euro [$5.4 billion] investment in zero emission and electric vehicles. "Europe has been through terrible years for the last five years," he added, "it doesn't look like it will continue to drop. The bad news is that if there is growth, it's going to be very small." CNN's Oliver Joy contributed to this story .
highlights: Carlos Ghosn says Renault-Nissan is targeting an autonomous vehicle within the next decade . Driverless cars have appeared in a number of sci-fi movies including Hollywood hits I, Robot and Minority Report . Ghosn said some of the technology needed for a driverless car is in the Nissan's new Qashqai model .
id: 0ccc268cb5ed0f73245a763c063c0ffb6711d081
chatgpt: Renault-Nissan CEO, Carlos Ghosn, has revealed that the company is targeting the development of an autonomous vehicle within the next decade. Ghosn made the statement at the 2018 Consumer Electronics Show (CES) in Las Vegas, where he discussed the future of the automotive industry. Autonomous vehicles have been a popular topic of conversation in recent years, with many companies investing heavily in self-driving technology. The prospect of these vehicles becoming a reality has also been explored in pop culture, notably in Hollywood movies such as I, Robot and Minority Report. Ghosn stated that some of the technology required for a driverless car is already in the Nissan Qashqai, a popular compact crossover SUV that was recently updated with a range of new features. The Qashqai comes equipped with Nissan's ProPILOT autonomous driving technology, which allows the car to maintain a safe distance from other vehicles and stay centered in its lane. While Ghosn acknowledged that there is still much work to be done before fully autonomous vehicles become a reality, he remains confident in Renault-Nissan's ability to deliver on the promise of driverless cars. He also stated that the company is working with governments and regulatory bodies to ensure that the necessary infrastructure is in place for autonomous vehicles to operate safely on public roads. "Autonomous vehicles have the potential to revolutionize the way we live and work," Ghosn said. "They offer a new level of convenience and safety, and they have the potential to reduce traffic congestion and emissions. We are committed to making this vision a reality, and I believe that we are well positioned to become a leader in the autonomous vehicle market." Ghosn's comments came as part of a wider discussion on the future of the automotive industry, which is currently undergoing a period of significant change. As electric vehicles become more popular and self-driving technology continues to advance, traditional automakers are being forced to adapt to stay competitive. Renault-Nissan has been a leader in the electric vehicle market for some time, with the Nissan Leaf being one of the best-selling electric cars in the world. The company is also investing heavily in self-driving technology, with plans to launch a fleet of autonomous taxis in Japan by 2020. Despite the promise of autonomous vehicles, there are still many challenges that need to be overcome before they become a reality. Safety concerns, regulatory hurdles, and ethical questions surrounding the use of self-driving technology are all issues that need to be addressed. However, with companies like Renault-Nissan leading the way, it seems increasingly likely that autonomous vehicles will become a reality within the next decade. As the automotive industry continues to evolve, the development of driverless cars could be a key factor in shaping the future of transportation.