article: By . James Salmon . Former Barclays boss Bob Diamond is to be grilled by the Serious Fraud Office over alleged bribes . Former Barclays boss Bob Diamond is to be grilled by the Serious Fraud Office over alleged bribes paid by the bank to Middle East investors during the financial crisis. The tainted former chief executive is among a dozen former top bosses who will be questioned under caution by the white collar crime and anti bribery agency. Others are thought to include Mr Diamond’s predecessor John Varley, finance chief Chris Lucas, one of its top paid bankers Roger Jenkins and its top lawyer Mark Harding. All have left the bank, with Mr Diamond ousted in June 2012 after it was fined £290m for rigging Libor interest rates. An interview under caution means the SFO believes it has reasonable grounds to believe the individuals involved knew about or participated in a crime. Mr Diamond, who has denied any wrongdoing, and other former top bankers will be warned before the interview. ‘You do not have to say anything. But it may harm your defence if you do not mention something when questioned that you later rely on in court.’ The interviews mark an escalation  of a criminal probe which began in August 2012. The SFO is investigating concerns that Barclays failed to properly disclose £322million in fees it paid to Qatari investors during the bank’s two emergency cash calls in 2008. Qatar Holding, part of the Arab state’s sovereign wealth fund which invests its vast oil and gas riches, invested £5.3billion in Barclays in June and October 2008, helping it to avoid a Government bail-out. Mr Diamond was then head of the investment bank and based in New York. Roger Jenkins, the multi-millionaire former boss of Barclays’ controversial tax advisory business and a former boyfriend of supermodel Elle MacPherson, was interviewed before Easter. It is not thought an appointment has been set for his interview. But his inclusion may come as a surprise to some. Mr Diamond, who has denied any wrongdoing, will be warned before the interview . The City watchdog has already said it wants to fine Barclays £50million. Its probe centred on four senior executives, including Mr Lucas and Mr Jenkins, and not on Mr Diamond. The SFO, which was dubbed the Serious Farce Office after a series of botched investigations, has been flexing its muscle. Last week it charged three former US-based Barclays traders for allegedly conspiring to rig Libor interest rates. A spokesman for Mr Diamond said: ‘Mr Diamond will continue to assist wherever he can on anything related to Barclays but is unable to comment on any specific inquiry.’ Barclays is fighting the £50m fine from the Financial Conduct Authority and has denied wrongdoing. It refused to comment.
highlights: Bob Diamond is to be grilled by the Serious Fraud Office . He is among a dozen former top bosses who will be questioned . Others thought to include John Varley, Chris Lucas and Roger Jenkins . Mr Diamond was ousted in June 2012 after it was fined £290m .
id: 899afaa25e44b4da7031e4bfe9b27d727341d572
chatgpt: Former CEO of Barclays, Bob Diamond, is among a dozen former top executives who will be questioned by the Serious Fraud Office (SFO) in relation to the bank's dealings with Qatari investors during the 2008 financial crisis. Diamond, who was ousted in June 2012 after the bank was fined £290m, is thought to be one of a group of bankers who could be charged. The SFO has been investigating suspicions of unlawful payments made by Barclays to Qatari investors in return for their support during the 2008 financial crisis. The regulator is expected to focus on whether the bank misled shareholders and the market about the true extent of its financial health during the crisis. Diamond's name has been linked to the investigation for some time, but the disclosure that he is among a dozen former executives who will be questioned has placed renewed scrutiny on the bank and its actions during the financial crisis. Other executives thought to be among those questioned include John Varley, Chris Lucas, and Roger Jenkins. Varley, the former CEO of Barclays, is unlikely to give evidence in person due to health reasons, but he is expected to provide written evidence. Lucas, the former finance director of the bank, is also unable to give evidence in person due to ill health. Jenkins, the former head of the bank's Middle East operations, is believed to be living in the United States and it is unclear whether he will be able to attend. Barclays has previously stated that it is cooperating fully with the investigation and has set aside £800m to cover potential fines in relation to the case. The bank has already been fined over £45m by regulators in the UK and the US for breaches of rules relating to disclosure. The investigation into Barclays is part of a wider investigation by the SFO into the banking sector's actions during and after the financial crisis. The regulator has already prosecuted a number of individuals in relation to the manipulation of the Libor benchmark interest rate and is currently investigating a number of other cases. The news that Diamond and others will be questioned by the SFO is likely to have implications for the banking industry as it seeks to recover from the damage caused by the financial crisis. It is also likely to increase pressure on the government and regulators to take a tougher stance on the sector. Industry experts have warned that the ongoing investigations and the potential for further fines could undermine public confidence in the banking sector and lead to a new wave of banking scandals. They have called for greater transparency and accountability within the sector in order to restore trust and prevent a repeat of the mistakes of the past. In light of the ongoing investigations, the SFO has urged individuals with information relating to potential wrongdoing in the banking sector to come forward. The regulator has assured witnesses that their anonymity will be protected and has stressed the importance of cooperation from those with information. In conclusion, the news that Bob Diamond and other former top executives at Barclays are to be questioned by the SFO in relation to the bank's dealings with Qatari investors during the financial crisis is likely to have significant implications for both the banking sector and the wider economy. The investigation highlights the need for greater transparency and accountability within the sector in order to restore public trust and prevent a repeat of the mistakes of the past. It is hoped that the inquiry will provide answers to the questions raised and help to create a stronger, more stable financial system for the future.