article: A Florida woman is facing child abuse charges after she hit the brakes 'while going 10mph' because her children were bickering. Lorena Sullivan Simpson, 43, from Port St Lucie, was trying to stop her nine-year-old son and seven-year-old daughter from fighting in the back seat when she put the car to a stop near their home. Her 12-year-old daughter was sitting in the front seat not wearing a seat belt and slammed her head into the windshield. Port St Lucie mother Lorena Sullivan Simpson, 43, slammed on the brakes when her children in the backseat were fighting and her daughter, 12, hit the windshield . Mrs Sullivan Simpsons said the girl was leaning forward and not wearing a seat belt before she left a crack on the glass . Department of Children and Families arrived at Mrs Sullivan Simpson's home three days later. She was arrested, but claims she never harmed her daughter on purpose and didn't know she wasn't wearing a seat belt. Police say that the windshield was cracked and the girl complained of dizziness and headaches, but was not taken to the doctor by her mother. 'There was no bump, so I'm sorry but I guess I did the wrong thing,' said Mrs Sullivan Simpson, who is out on bond, told WPBF. She said that she was travelling at 10mph and her daughter was bending down texting when she was jolted forward and her ponytail hit the windshield. The children are now with their father in Kentucky. Third degree felony charges in Florida can carry up to five years in prison upon conviction. The mother said that her daughter, who later complained of dizziness, was leaning down and texting before she was jolted forward because of the sudden stop . The Florida woman slammed the brakes was driving on a road near her home (pictured) and Department of Children and Families officials came to her house three days later .
highlights: Lorena Sullivan Simpson, 43, was driving near Port St Lucie, Florida, house . She says she was driving at 10mph when daughter left crack in windshield . Girl told officials she had headaches, but mother did not take her to doctor . Mother claims she didn't know her daughter wasn't buckled up .
id: b7246bbaf3c14600b8455eb5f578fc871b84cfea
chatgpt: Lorena Sullivan Simpson, a 43-year-old woman from Port St. Lucie, Florida, is facing charges of child neglect after her daughter was injured in a car accident. The incident occurred on a quiet street when Simpson was driving at just 10mph and her daughter left a crack in the windshield. The girl complained of headaches, but her mother did not take her to the doctor. According to the police report, Simpson's daughter was sitting in the front passenger seat without wearing a seatbelt when the accident happened. Simpson claims that she did not know her daughter was not buckled up. The girl suffered injuries from the broken windshield and was taken to the hospital. Police officials say that Simpson's negligence led to her daughter's injuries, as she failed to ensure her daughter's safety by not making her wear a seatbelt. Neighbors who witnessed the accident were shocked by the incident. They say that Simpson is a doting mother who always takes care of her children. However, they also mentioned that Simpson often drove with her child unbuckled. Simpson is now facing charges of child neglect and may face legal consequences if found guilty. The case is still under investigation, and Simpson will appear in court soon. The incident has raised questions about the importance of seatbelt safety and the need for parents to be aware of their children's safety while driving. Officials advise parents to always make sure their children are buckled up in the car, regardless of how short the journey may be. This case serves as a reminder that even a minor accident at a slow speed can lead to serious injuries if proper safety measures are not taken. Parents must be vigilant and make sure their children are safe at all times, especially when on the road.