article: (CNN) -- Save the panda! Sure: how could the world do without such cute, endangered creatures? And tigers. Never mind that the adult of the species will happily rip your head off and lick its lips afterward, can you think of a better mascot for a creature threatened with extinction than those adorable, fluffy feline cubs? (Miaow!) Trouble is, goofy humans that we are, we tend to equate (what we consider) beauty with importance in the ecological scheme of things. In fact, nature's many repugnant, repulsive -- or just very small -- denizens can be just as important for the environment's health. The monkey with the hideous schnoz . It's just that the proboscis monkey (with its frankly obscene schnoz), the pubic louse (whose name speaks for its own, hideous self) and the aptly named blobfish tend not to front animal conservation campaigns. Or none that anyone's ever heard of. Step forward the Ugly Animal Preservation Society. The British group, sounding like something that's just funny-walked out of a Monty Python film, is, it says, dedicated "to raising the profile of some of Mother Nature's more aesthetically challenged children." To the end of saving ugly endangered creatures, reports Wanderlust travel magazine, the Society is in search of a mascot -- something nice and slimy, like the jumping slug, or just malformed-looking and squat, like the New Zealand kakapo parrot. Introducing the hagfish . The group has garnered public nominations for those neglected organisms -- also including the hagfish, the purple pig-nosed frog and the giant Palouse earthworm -- that make us shudder, but that no doubt consider each other ethereally beautiful after a pint of slime or two. And that possibly also think Natalie Portman and Ryan Gosling look like bats' bums. Comedians will champion the public's nominations at money-raising gigs for the Society later this month and next. Read more: Are these the world's cutest creatures? In the meantime, the gallery above shows off some of the most unfortunate beasts from the Ugly Animal Society's shortlist and elsewhere on the Web. Have you encountered worse on your travels? Let us know, in the comments section below, which animal you'd least like to be reincarnated as.
highlights: Ugly Animal Preservation Society champions nature's less gorgeous endangered creatures . Nascent society is in search of mascot . Aptly named blobfish and pig-nosed frog among contenders . Leave your nomination for grossest organism .
id: 4c12bc18170755c6e9ed673d81f80f64b31a7d91
chatgpt: The Ugly Animal Preservation Society is making waves in the world of conservation with their focus on saving endangered creatures that may not be easy on the eyes. The nascent society has already garnered a bit of attention and is on the hunt for a mascot to represent their cause. The society, founded by biologist Simon Watt, wants to draw attention to creatures that often get overlooked in conservation efforts because of their appearance. The society's motto is "we can't all be pandas," and their mission is to protect the less glamorous species that are just as important to the ecosystem. Two potential mascots have already been named: the blobfish and the pig-nosed frog. The blobfish, a deep-sea creature that resembles a blob of goo, and the pig-nosed frog, which has a snout that makes it look like a tiny pig, are both endangered species that the society hopes to protect. The society is also encouraging the public to nominate their own contenders for the title of "grossest organism." The hope is that by highlighting these creatures' unique appearances, people will become more interested in their fates and more invested in their protection. While the society's approach may seem light-hearted, their mission is serious. Many species are at risk of extinction, and by focusing on the "ugly" ones, they hope to raise awareness about the importance of biodiversity. In an interview with The Guardian, Watt said, "Human beings are very visual animals and we tend to focus on things that are attractive to us, rather than things that are important. It's the plight of the cute and fluffy panda – we've put a lot of money into saving it, but not so much into saving some of the more important but less glamorous species." The society has already gained a following and support from many in the scientific community. As more and more people become aware of the importance of preserving all species, regardless of their appearance, conservation efforts may become more inclusive and effective. So if you have a nomination for the "grossest organism," make sure to share it with the Ugly Animal Preservation Society. Who knows – your choice might just become the new face of this important cause.