article: Real Madrid and Barcelona will not have to share revenue from La Liga television rights after the Spanish government backed out of a plan to bring in a law that would force them to do so. Spain’s big two between them take £204million of the total £550m pot every season and the other clubs, who wanted legislation to force them to reduce their share, are now considering going on strike if the government don't lift their block on the new law being passed. The rest of Europe was also keen to see the new law because Madrid and Barça earn far more than some of their main Champions League rivals from television deals. Real Madrid and Barcelona will continue to pocket the vast majority of La Liga's TV sponsorship . The likes of Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi continue to attract large TV audiences due to their stature . The combined TV earnings from Europe's top leagues last season - led by the Premier League . In Germany, Bayern Munich earned around £27m in the 2013-14 season from the Bundesliga contract, Juventus earned £67m and PSG 32. In England, on the other hand, Liverpool were the top earners with £99m closely followed by Manchester City on £98m – both behind Real Madrid and Barcelona. Spain sports minister Miguel Cardenal had been keen to wave through a change but he has been overruled leaving the other clubs furious and, according to Diario AS, set to meet next week to discuss the possibility of stopping the league with strike action. In the 2013-14 season Cardiff earned less than any other Premier League club, £64m and yet still made more than twice as much as La Liga winners Atletico Madrid in Spain who earned £31m from television revenue. Valencia earn the third highest amount in Spanish football but the £35m they pick up per season is still dwarfed by that £102 premium given to both Real Madrid and Barcelona. Liverpool earned the most amount of TV money in the Premier League last season . Bayern Munich earned just over £27m in TV sponsorship last season while Juventus came out in top in Italy . At Real Sociedad, David Moyes’ club must cope on just £18m a season while as many as five clubs in the 2013-14 season in Spain only made £13m. Real Madrid and Barcelona had both indicated they would be prepared to give up their advantage but the other clubs wanted it written in the statutes to avoid close season bickering every time a deal was up for renewal. The other clubs had assured Madrid and Barcelona they would still get €140m because by joint-bargaining the total money made from the first combined deal would move up from £550 closer to £730m by that dream now looks in tatters. Clubs will go on negotiating deals separately with Real Madrid and Barcelona both having already agreed deals for next season again over the of £100m mark.
highlights: La Liga giants Real Madrid and Barcelona take majority of TV pot in Spain . Spain's big two sides take £204million of the total £550m pot each season . The Spanish government planned to make change to TV money rule . However they've been overruled, leaving the rest of La Liga side's furious . CLICK HERE to see the La Liga table .
id: cf807dc44e38f5c0f04bfadeff8fd64c04328da2
chatgpt: Real Madrid and Barcelona, the two powerhouses of Spanish football, have once again taken the lion's share of television revenues in Spain. The two clubs, often referred to as 'La Liga's Big Two' due to their stranglehold on the league, take home £204 million of the £550 million pot each season. The Spanish government had planned to bring in changes to the way that TV money was distributed, allowing smaller clubs in La Liga to benefit from a fairer method. Unfortunately for the government, their plans have been overruled, leading to a furious response from teams lower down the table. Critics have long argued that the distribution of TV revenues in La Liga is unfairly weighted towards the top teams, with Real Madrid and Barcelona benefiting hugely from the divide. Despite promises of reform from the Spanish government, it seems that little progress has been made in changing the status quo. The financial advantage enjoyed by Real Madrid and Barcelona does not only impact on their on-field performances. Both clubs are able to invest heavily in their squads, allowing them to attract the very best players from around the world. This in turn has created a situation where La Liga is seen as a two-team league, with the other clubs left to fight it out for the scraps. Speaking to reporters, a spokesperson for the Spanish government said that they were disappointed with the outcome. "We had hoped to bring about a more equitable distribution of TV revenues in La Liga," they said. "Unfortunately, it seems that our plans have been overruled, leaving the smaller clubs without the support they need to compete." Despite the setback, many of the smaller clubs in La Liga are determined to fight for a fairer financial system. Some have even proposed the idea of boycotting matches against Real Madrid and Barcelona in an attempt to force the issue. Meanwhile, the two Spanish giants sit comfortably at the top of the league table, with Real Madrid currently holding a four point lead over their arch-rivals. However, the continued dominance of these two clubs is causing increasing concern within the Spanish football community. Critics argue that without a more level playing field, La Liga will continue to be dominated by Real Madrid and Barcelona, with little chance for the smaller clubs to challenge for honours. This in turn could lead to a decline in the quality of the league, as fans lose interest in watching the same two teams battle it out every season. As the debate around the distribution of TV revenues in La Liga rages on, it remains to be seen whether the Spanish government will continue to push for change. With the majority of the stake already taken by the big guns, it is difficult to see how the rest of the league can hope to compete.