article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 19:50 EST, 22 July 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 03:52 EST, 23 July 2013 . When it comes to choosing a holiday, some of us opt for sun, others go in search of culture… and some, it seems, look no further than the TV guide. A fifth of British holidaymakers admit to being ‘TV tourists’, who go abroad to see the settings of their favourite television programmes and films, a survey found. According to the research, by the Post Office, 19 per cent of us have travelled somewhere simply because it was a film or TV location, and a further 20 per cent hope to in the next five years. Most popular: Brits fancy a trip to New York the most, thanks to programmes like Sex And The City . Of course, it helps that most of those destinations are also fairly desirable in their own right. The most popular was New York, with 39 per cent of TV tourists saying they would like to see the city where the likes of Seinfeld and Sex And The City were filmed. The second most desirable destination was Hawaii, which has hosted TV shows such as Charlie’s Angels, Baywatch and Hawaii Five-0. Los Angeles, the location for a string of movies including Pretty Woman, was third on 22 per cent, followed by Rome on 21 per cent. The Italian capital was the setting for classic movies including La Dolce Vita and Roman Holiday. Roman holiday: Films such as La Dolce Vita from 1960 inspire British people to visit Rome in large numbers . Fifth was New Zealand, where The Lord Of The Rings trilogy was set. Other popular destinations included Las Vegas, setting for 2009 comedy The Hangover, and the Greek islands, where 2008 film Mamma Mia was shot. The TV tourist is one of seven new types of holidaymaker identified by Post Office researchers, based on a survey of 2,000 adults. The others include long haul lovers, who think nothing of travelling long distance for a weekend, ‘in-tents characters’, who prefer a back-to-basics camping trip, and health trippers, whose perfect holiday is a trip to a yoga retreat. Another category is that of the ‘Facebook boaster’. Attractive location: Baywatch has made many British people book holidays to Hawaii . They spend much of their time away making friends jealous with updates about their trip. In fact, the pressure to look good on social networking sites is so great that 34 per cent of holidaymakers admit to faking fun photos purely to impress their friends. The survey also identified ‘senior city-zens’, older tourists in search of an exciting city break, and lastly beached males, who are happy with a beach – any beach.
highlights: 19 per cent of us have travelled to a film or TV location . The most popular destination was New York, the second was Hawaii .
id: 34dcc2e4e9430efc2c0317022012814258d5dc42
chatgpt: According to a recent survey, 19 percent of people have traveled to a film or TV location at some point in their lives. The survey also revealed that the most popular destination among these travelers was New York, followed closely by Hawaii. The survey was conducted by a travel company, which found that nearly one in five people have taken a trip to a location that has been featured on their favorite TV show or movie. This type of travel, which can also be referred to as “set-jetting,” has become increasingly popular in recent years as fans seek to experience the locations and settings of their beloved films and shows. New York was the clear favorite among fans of the Big Apple's numerous film and TV productions. The city's iconic landmarks, such as the Empire State Building and Central Park, have made appearances in countless movies and TV shows, making it a must-visit destination for fans of these productions. In fact, nearly a third of all set-jetters surveyed had visited New York specifically to see a location from a film or TV show. Hawaii, on the other hand, was the second most popular destination for set-jetters, with its stunning beaches and tropical locations regularly featuring in films and TV shows. Hollywood blockbusters like Jurassic Park and TV dramas like Lost have helped to put Hawaii on the map for fans of film and TV. Other popular destinations for set-jetters included Los Angeles, which was the third most visited location on the list. The city's Hollywood Walk of Fame and Universal Studios were just some of the reasons why fans flocked to California. The survey also found that nearly a quarter of all set-jetters visited the US specifically for the purpose of seeing a film or TV location. In addition to the United States, the survey found that other countries like the United Kingdom, New Zealand, and Italy were also popular destinations for set-jetters. Locations like London's Harry Potter Studios and the Hobbiton Movie Set in New Zealand proved to be a big hit among fans. Overall, the survey indicates that set-jetting is a growing trend among fans of film and TV, with more and more people making the pilgrimage to their favorite locations each year. With production houses continuing to create incredible films and TV shows, it is likely that this trend will only continue to grow in popularity in the years to come.