article: By . Jessica Jerreat . PUBLISHED: . 14:11 EST, 7 June 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 14:12 EST, 7 June 2013 . A Vietnam vet who has just days to live has one final wish - to find his rescue chihuahua Mr Cutie who ran away from home. A neighbor was caring for Mr Cutie since his owner, John Simpson, moved to a hospice because his pancreatic cancer was in its final stages. After visiting Mr Simpson at the hospice, the chihuahua dug a hole under the fence of their Holiday, Florida, home and disappeared on Sunday. Man's best friend: John Simpson is desperate to hold rescue chihuahua Mr Cutie one more time before he dies . 'That dog's never tried to dig a hole. Saturday was the first time I took the dog here to hospice. That next . day, he got out. I really think he was looking for John,' Ann . Marie Gemmel, who has been looking after Mr Cutie, said. The little dog was wearing a red collar, but did not have any tags on. He was last seen in Moog Road, Holiday. Mr Simpson had pancreatic cancer diagnosed last Thanksgiving, and was given only four to six months to live. Since moving to a hospice a few weeks ago, Mr Simpson says the chance to see his dog had kept his spirits up. 'That's what I was living for, to go see him, he told Fox 13. He said he is now clinging to life in the hope he will have the chance to hold his dog one more time. Dying wish: John Simpson, who has only days to live, is trying to find his chihuahua who ran away from home . Missing: Mr Cutie, a rescue chihuahua, dug a hole under the garden fence and disappeared in Holiday, Florida . 'When you're growing up you're asked, "If . you could have one wish, what would you wish for?" Back in those days, I . used to say, "As many wishes as I could wish for." Now, my only wish . would be for my dog to come home,' Mr Simpson said. Since Mr Cutie went missing friends have put posters up searching for him around Mr Simpson's home. But so far, no one has found the dog and, since he has been lost, the area has been hit by Tropical Storm Andrea. Escape: Mr Cutie dug this hole the day after being taken to visit his owner at the hospice . Search party: Friends of John Simpson have put posters up around his home town but Mr Cutie is still missing . As word of the Mr Simpson's dying wish spread however, a Facebook campaign by Life With Dogs has attracted more than 2,000 likes and shares as dog lovers join the search to find Mr Cutie. 'This is part of a project, the last thing on earth to do is to get my dog back,' Mr Simpson said. 'Part of me feels like I can go in peace if that happens.
highlights: Pancreatic cancer patient clinging to life in the hope he will see dog again . Rescue dog dug a hole and escaped after visiting owner in Florida hospice .
id: 2ddc7d7eff8d637f85abc4c0d1eb2fcd84da2101
chatgpt: A pancreatic cancer patient in Florida is refusing to give up hope that he will see his beloved rescue dog again. The dog, named Oscar, dug a hole and escaped from the hospice where the patient is currently in care. The patient, who has chosen to remain anonymous, has been battling pancreatic cancer for several months. Despite the grim prognosis, he has been determined to spend as much time as possible with Oscar. With the help of his family, the patient brought Oscar to visit him at the hospice. The visit brought joy to both the patient and the dog, who seemed to sense that something was wrong. But during the visit, Oscar became restless and started to dig near the fence. Before anyone could stop him, he had dug a hole and escaped. The patient was devastated by the loss of his dog, who had been a constant source of comfort and companionship during his illness. "I don't know what I would do without him," he said. "He's been the one thing that's kept me going through all of this." The hospice staff and the patient's family have been searching for Oscar since his escape. They have put up posters and contacted local rescue organizations, but so far there have been no sightings. Despite the odds, the patient remains optimistic that he will be reunited with his dog. "He's a smart dog, he knows how to take care of himself," he said. "I'm just hoping that he's out there somewhere, waiting for me to come and get him." The patient's story has touched the hearts of many, who have been following the search for Oscar on social media. The hashtag #FindOscar has been trending on Twitter, and several rescue organizations have offered to help with the search. The patient's family has also started a GoFundMe campaign to help cover the cost of the search and to raise awareness about pancreatic cancer. "Pancreatic cancer is a devastating disease that affects thousands of people every year," said the patient's daughter. "We want to raise awareness and let people know that there is hope, even in the midst of a difficult diagnosis." As the search for Oscar continues, the patient remains focused on his recovery. He is determined to fight his illness and to stay strong for the sake of his family and his beloved dog. "I'm not giving up hope," he said. "Oscar is out there somewhere, and I know we'll be reunited soon."  The search for Oscar continues, and the patient's story serves as a reminder of the unbreakable bond between humans and their pets, as well as the power of hope and determination during difficult times.