article: Former Rangers boss Alex McLeish has told the current Ibrox team to copy the example set by Bradford and Middlesbrough as they set out to stun Celtic. Kenny McDowall's Scottish Championship side are as long as 6-1 with the bookmakers ahead of next Sunday's Scottish League Cup semi-final clash. It is doubtful the odds have ever been stacked so high against one side going into an Old Firm encounter. Ex-Rangers manager Alex McLeish believes his old side can beat Celtic in the Scottish League Cup semi-final . But McLeish insists the Light Blues can topple their fiercest rivals and urged them to use the same self-belief which helped both the Bantams and Boro inflict their respective shock FA Cup upsets on Chelsea and Manchester City at the weekend. The Genk boss - who won eight of the 20 Old Firm games he bossed between 2001 and 2006 - said: 'Normally Celtic should win because of the difference in quality. But it's a cup tie and an Old Firm game. Rangers will probably raise their game big time. 'We've seen the big FA Cup upsets in England over the weekend. There is no reason why Rangers can't do that. 'You have to believe. There is no point going out onto the pitch thinking: 'I'm intimidated. I'm overawed by this.' 'You have to go there and give everything - perhaps even a couple of per cent that isn't in your make-up consistently. 'For this game, I'd like to think they will step up. If Rangers get everything right tactically, they can upset Celtic.' Mark Yeates (front) scored Bradford City's fourth in a memorable 4-2 win at Chelsea in the FA Cup . Middlesbrough players celebrate with their travelling supporters after beating Manchester City on Saturday . And McLeish believes old-stagers like Lee McCulloch and Kenny Miller will be vital to the Ibrox cause as they take on the Hoops at Hampden. Seven of the current Light Blues crop - McCulloch, Miller, Steven Smith, Lee Wallace, Richard Foster, Kyle Hutton and Kris Boyd - have tasted Old Firm action before, just one fewer than Celtic can boast. 'The important players for Rangers next week are going to be the experienced players,' said former Scotland boss McLeish, who was back at Ibrox on Sunday as he managed a team of retired Rangers players in Fernando Ricksen's charity match. 'Those lads will be key. They could be the catalyst for an upset. 'Because it is Rangers, we all think they should still be able to beat Celtic. But you have to be realistic. 'At the same time, it's a great chance for these boys to get their names in the history books.' McLeish says Kenny Miller (left) and Lee Wallace's (right) previous experiences in Old Firm games will be vital .
highlights: Celtic host Old Firm rivals Rangers in the Scottish League Cup semi-final . League One Bradford won 4-2 at Chelsea in the FA Cup fourth round . Premier League champions Manchester City lost 2-0 to Middlesbrough .
id: 4febfb1ff17268203a50d7f52e53633edec934fa
chatgpt: Celtic will host their Old Firm rivals Rangers in a clash of titans at Hampden Park on Sunday, in the semi-finals of the Scottish League Cup. The match is expected to be a thrilling encounter between two of the country's most successful football clubs. With both teams in top form and eager to claim victory, the stage is set for a showdown that could be one for the ages. Celtic are coming off a 2-1 victory over Motherwell in the Premiership, and will be hoping to keep up their winning ways against their bitter rivals. Manager Neil Lennon will be looking for a strong performance from his players, particularly from striker Odsonne Edouard, who has been in excellent form this season. On the other hand, Rangers come into the game on the back of a 4-0 thumping of Ross County. Manager Steven Gerrard will be hoping that his team can reproduce that level of performance against their arch-rivals, and book their place in the final of the competition. Meanwhile, in England, League One side Bradford City caused a major upset, as they defeated Chelsea 4-2 in the FA Cup fourth round at Stamford Bridge. The Bantams, who are currently struggling in the third tier of English football, put in a superb display against the Premier League giants to claim a famous victory. Chelsea took the lead early on through a Michy Batshuayi goal, but Bradford refused to lie down, and equalized through Jon Stead. They then took the lead through Filipe Morais, before Andy Halliday made it 3-1. Substitute Mark Yeates completed the scoring for the visitors, before Gary Cahill scored a late consolation for Chelsea. Speaking after the game, Bradford manager Phil Parkinson said that he was "immensely proud" of his players, and that the result was "one of the greatest" in the club's history. Meanwhile, Premier League champions Manchester City suffered a shock defeat, as they were beaten 2-0 by Championship side Middlesbrough in the FA Cup fourth round. It was a disappointing performance from City, who were without star player Kevin De Bruyne due to injury. Middlesbrough took the lead in the first half, thanks to an early goal from Patrick Roberts. City had chances to equalize, but were thwarted by a resolute Boro defence. The home side then sealed the victory in the second half, when Callum McNair scored a stunning goal to send the Riverside Stadium into rapture. Speaking after the game, City manager Pep Guardiola said that his team "didn't play well enough", and that they "have to accept the defeat". However, he also praised Middlesbrough for their "fantastic" performance, and wished them well for the rest of the competition. Overall, it was a weekend of surprises and upsets in football, with Bradford and Middlesbrough providing the biggest shocks. However, all eyes will be on Hampden Park on Sunday, as Celtic and Rangers renew their heated rivalry in what promises to be an unforgettable Scottish League Cup semi-final.