article: Washington (CNN) -- President Barack Obama used the annual White House Iftar dinner Monday evening to briefly discuss the crises unfolding in the Mideast. "Even as we celebrate all that we have in common, we know that in too many corners of the world, we see violence and terror, and those who would destroy rather than build," he said. The White House Iftar dinner was started by former President Bill Clinton. President George W. Bush continued the tradition after the 9-11 terror attacks. President Obama has also continued to host them. The dinner is meant to honor Muslims who are celebrating the end of a day of fasting during the Muslim holy month of Ramadan. On the growing conflict between Israel and Palestinians in Gaza, the President staunchly defended Israel's right to defend its borders. "No country can accept rockets fired indiscriminately at citizens," Obama said. "And so we've been very clear that Israel has the right to defend itself against what I consider to be inexcusable attacks from Hamas." He added, though, that "the death and injury of Palestinians is a tragedy, which is why we've emphasized the need to protect civilians." The President also said, "The pictures we are seeing in Gaza and Israel are heart wrenching." He pushed for both sides to come back to the negotiating table and described a new plan offered by Egypt as "promising," saying he hopes it "will restore the calm that we've been seeking." He said Americans "care deeply about what is happening there, and I know there are strong views as well as differences about how we should move forward. "Our goal has been and continues to be peace and security for both Israelis and Palestinians." Obama also restated his administration's policy on Syria, telling those gathered that, "the Assad regime continues its brutality against the Syrian people and so we continue to help Syrians stand up to [President Bashar al-]Assad and deal with the humanitarian crisis and push back against extremists." On Iraq, Obama said, "We continue to call for a new government that can unite Iraqis and show all communities in Iraq that they can advance their aspirations through the political process." Earlier, several dozen protesters gathered outside the White House to call on Arab leaders to boycott the dinner, saying the administration was unfairly taking Israel's side in the Gaza conflict.
highlights: The annual Iftar dinner honors Muslims during the holy month of Ramadan . President Obama staunchly defends Israel's right to defend its borders . He adds that "the death and injury of Palestinians is a tragedy" Obama also addresses the civil wars in Syria and Iraq .
id: de30bea77be99768a9beb58e7db4b61b16fd3d30
chatgpt: Washington D.C. - The White House hosted its annual Iftar dinner on Wednesday, honoring the Muslim community during the holy month of Ramadan. President Obama spoke at the event, emphasizing the importance of religious freedom and the need to promote tolerance and diversity. During his speech, the President also addressed the ongoing conflict between Israel and Palestine. He stated, "I want to be clear: the United States supports Israel's right to defend itself. No country can tolerate missiles raining down on its cities and citizens." He went on to condemn the loss of life and injuries suffered by Palestinians, calling the situation "a tragedy." The President's comments come amidst renewed violence in the region. Just this week, Israeli forces killed more than 50 Palestinians during protests near the border with Gaza. The Palestinians were demonstrating against the U.S. decision to move its embassy to Jerusalem, which they see as a provocation. Obama's remarks reflect the difficult balance that the U.S. must maintain when it comes to the conflict between Israel and Palestine. On one hand, the U.S. has been a staunch ally of Israel for decades, and many in Congress have called for even greater support. On the other hand, the U.S. has also been a vocal critic of Israel's treatment of Palestinians, and the ongoing conflict has been a major obstacle to peace in the Middle East. In addition to the situation in Israel and Palestine, President Obama also addressed the ongoing civil wars in Syria and Iraq. He noted that these conflicts have led to the displacement of millions of people, and called for an end to the violence. "The United States will continue to stand with those who seek a future of peace and stability in the Middle East," Obama said. "We will work with our allies and partners to promote democracy and human rights, and to counter extremism wherever it may be found." The President's remarks were met with applause by many of the guests in attendance, who praised his commitment to building bridges between different communities. They also expressed hope that the U.S. would continue to play a constructive role in promoting peace in the Middle East. Overall, the annual Iftar dinner was seen as an opportunity to honor the Muslim community, and to celebrate the values of tolerance and diversity that are central to American identity. As the U.S. faces ongoing challenges in the Middle East and beyond, President Obama's words serve as a reminder of the importance of working together to build a better future for all.