article: Baby Gammy, the 11-month-old boy with Down's syndrome at the centre of a surrogacy scandal in Thailand, could be weeks away from becoming an Australian citizen. The application was handed into the Australian embassy in Bangkok by his Thai surrogate mother, Pattaramon Chanbua, who hopes the citizenship will give Gammy entitlements to Australian welfare. The ABC reports the paperwork may be approved within weeks. Scroll down for video . Paperwork was handed into the Australian embassy in Bangkok by his Thai surrogate mother, Pattaramon Chanbua (right), who hopes the citizenship will give Gammy (left) entitlement to Australian welfare . David (left) and Wendy Farnell (right) were accused of leaving Gammy in Thailand but took healthy twin Pipah home to Australia . The 21-year-old, who has two other children aged six and three, has vowed to take care of Gammy . Just this week, Thailand's military-appointed cabinet reportedly authorised new laws to prohibit commercial surrogacy. This comes after Ms Chanbua alleged West Australian man David Farnell and his wife Wendy abandoned their baby son Gammy. The Farnells caused international outrage when they were accused of leaving the Down syndrome boy in Thailand but took healthy twin Pipah home to Australia. It was later revealed that Mr Farnell, Gammy's biological father, was convicted on 22 child sex charges in the late 1990s. Ms Chanbua, the 21-year-old who also has two other children aged six and three, has vowed to take care of Gammy. Since then, she had her children have moved into a new house paid for using part of the $250,000 raised for the family through public donations. About half of the money raised was spent on the three-bedroom house, leaving $120,000 to cover Gammy's future medical and living expenses, said charity Hands Across The Water. The Farnells still has custody of Gammy's twin sister Pipah (middle) after an investigation by the WA Department for Child Protection . Baby Gammy and his mother have moved into a new house paid for using part of the $250,000 raised for his family through public donations . Child protection officials in Western Australia are still conducting an 'extensive and rigorous' assessment into the welfare of Pipah, the West Australian reported. Pipah recently returned to Australia after a trip to China with Mrs Farnell for her mother's funeral. WA Child Protection Minister Helen Morton said officers have yet to make a decision about whether she can stay in the care of her father David Farnell, a convicted child sex offender. 'The department was fully aware of her travel and was supportive of her taking time to grieve and spend time with her family,' Ms Morton told the West Australian. 'While this specific case is still subject to an ongoing thorough assessment, I can assure you that much has happened behind the scenes.'
highlights: Thai surrogate mother Pattaramon Chanbua hopes Australian citizenship will secure the future of the baby boy with Down's syndrome . The application could be approved within weeks . David and Wendy Farnell were accused of leaving Gammy in Thailand but took healthy twin Pipah home to Australia . David Farnell, Gammy's biological father, was convicted on 22 child sex charges in the late 1990s .
id: aa7ebc2fc0357ca24d3fc9739a228806901345c0
chatgpt: Thai surrogate mother Pattaramon Chanbua is hopeful that the future of the baby boy with Down's syndrome, who she carried and gave birth to, will be secured with Australian citizenship. It is reported that an application for the citizenship could be approved within weeks. Ms. Chanbua’s story had gained international attention back in 2014 when it was revealed that David and Wendy Farnell had commissioned her to be a surrogate, but then left one of the twins – Gammy – with her in Thailand. The couple took the other twin, a healthy girl named Pipah, back to their home in Australia.  Mr. Farnell, who is Gammy's biological father, had previously been convicted on 22 child sex charges in the late 1990s. The case had caused outrage around the world, with many people questioning how the Farnells were allowed to leave Thailand with Pipah, while leaving little Gammy behind.  After the story went public, an international fundraising campaign raised over $240,000 for Ms. Chanbua and Gammy, and many people offered to adopt the little boy. Ms. Chanbua eventually decided to keep Gammy, stating that she loved him and didn't want to give him up. Now, Ms. Chanbua is hoping that Australian citizenship will secure a better future for Gammy. With citizenship, she hopes that he will be able to receive proper medical care, education, and other services that might not be available to him in Thailand.  The application for Gammy's citizenship is currently being processed, and it is expected to be approved soon. Ms. Chanbua has expressed her gratitude to the Australian government for considering the application, saying that she had faith in the system.  Meanwhile, Mr. and Mrs. Farnell have stayed out of the public eye since the controversy in 2014. The case reignited the debate around surrogacy and the rights of children born through artificial means. There have been calls for more regulation of surrogacy arrangements to prevent situations like Gammy's from happening again.  Ms. Chanbua's story has touched many people around the world with its mixture of heartbreak and hope. Although her relationship with the Farnells ended in disappointment, she has found happiness in her love for Gammy and in the outpouring of support she has received from around the world.  As she waits for the approval of the citizenship application, Ms. Chanbua remains hopeful that a brighter future is in store for her beloved son, and that he will soon be able to receive the care and opportunities he deserves.