article: By . David Mccormack . Rhode Island is the marijuana capital of the U.S. according to new state-level research compiled in the latest National Survey on Drug Use and Health. According to the researchers, 13 percent or just over 1 in 8 of residents in the country's smallest state - also known as The Ocean State - smoke marijuana monthly. The rate of toking in Rhode Island is more than three times the rate in Kansas, where only 4 percent of residents regularly indulge, while the national average was about 7 percent. Rhode Island is the marijuana capital of the U.S. according to new state-level research compiled in the latest National Survey on Drug Use and Health . Other states where pot smoking is very popular included some more obvious candidates such as Colorado and Washington which have both legalized the recreational use of marijuana this year. Western states tended to have the highest rate of usage, at 9 percent, while the South has the lowest overall rate at 5.83 percent, reports The Washington Post. States in the highest group included were Alaska, Colorado, Montana and New Mexico, while states that partook least when the joint was being passed included Alabama, Arkansas, Louisiana, Tennessee, Texas, and West Virginia. The most popular age group using marijuana on a regular basis was unsurprisingly those aged between 18- to 25-year-olds. Almost 19 percent of this age group has used marijuana in the past month, according to the NSDUH. However the state-by-state variations in those numbers could be considerable. In Vermont, more than one third of 18-25-year-olds regularly used marijuana, but the figure was less than 10 percent of the same age group in Utah. Usage rates drop off considerably amongst people aged 26 and over and only 5 percent of people over that age said they still smoked marijuana on a regular basis. Alaska was the state with the largest number of people aged 26-and-over who continued to regularly use marijuana, at 11.18 percent. Together with Oregon, Alaska has marijuana legalization measures on their ballots this fall. The latest National Survey on Drug Use and Health shows marijuana use in the past month by age group and state .
highlights: New state-level research compiled in the latest National Survey on Drug Use and Health has found Rhode Island is the marijuana capital of the U.S. 13 percent or just over 1 in 8 of residents in the country's smallest state - also known as The Ocean State - smoke marijuana monthly, while the national average was about 7 percent . Other states where pot smoking is very . popular included some more obvious candidates such as Colorado and . Washington which have both legalized the recreational use of marijuana . this year . The most popular age group using marijuana on a regular basis was unsurprisingly those aged between 18- to 25-year-olds . Usage rates drop off considerably . amongst people aged 26 and over and only 5 percent of people over that . age said they still smoked marijuana on a regular basis . Alaska was the state with the largest number of people aged 26-and-over who continued to regularly use marijuana .
id: c8ea944e721678931e85511095568611f084409f
chatgpt: Rhode Island has been dubbed the marijuana capital of the United States, according to the latest National Survey on Drug Use and Health. The data shows that just over 13 percent of residents in the country's smallest state - also known as The Ocean State - smoke marijuana monthly, which is higher than the national average of 7 percent.  This new research highlights Rhode Island's growing cannabis culture, despite marijuana remaining illegal for recreational use in the state. The state has a well-established medical marijuana program, which allows patients with certain conditions to use the drug legally. However, the survey suggests that many people in Rhode Island are using marijuana recreationally. Rhode Island is not the only state in the US where marijuana use is prevalent. Other states where pot smoking is very popular include some more obvious candidates such as Colorado and Washington, which have both legalized the recreational use of marijuana this year. However, Rhode Island stands out for having a higher percentage of regular marijuana users than these two states. The most popular age group using marijuana on a regular basis is unsurprisingly those aged between 18 to 25 years old. Usage rates drop off considerably amongst people aged 26 and over, and only 5 percent of people over that age said they still smoked marijuana on a regular basis. Alaska was the state with the largest number of people aged 26-and-over who continued to regularly use marijuana.  This new data will likely fuel the ongoing national debate around marijuana legalization. Many proponents argue that legalizing marijuana for recreational use would bring in significant tax revenue for states and reduce the number of people unnecessarily incarcerated for drug offenses. Others, however, worry about the potential negative effects on public health and safety. Despite this debate, one thing is clear - marijuana use is prevalent across the United States, with Rhode Island leading the way. The state's high usage rate may be a sign that the tide is turning in terms of public opinion towards the drug. Whether this leads to further changes in state and federal law remains to be seen.