article: By . Daniel Miller . PUBLISHED: . 12:26 EST, 24 October 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 14:42 EST, 24 October 2013 . China may have just issued a ban on new government buildings but that hasn't stopped officials in one small village putting the finishing touches to a sprawling seven-storey office complex for just eight workers. The ostentatious building in the village of Yungai, on the outskirts of the city of Changsha in the central province of Hunan, cost over 15 million yuan (£1.5 million) to complete. It boasts an impressive portico entrance, an auditorium, thousands of square feet of office space and its many meeting rooms are kitted out with plush leather sofas. Extravagant: This sprawling seven-storey, £1.5 million, government building has been built in a village with just eight government workers . However only the first of its seven floors is currently occupied by just five government officials, two secretaries and university graduate who helps out. Yungai village has a population of around 3,700, most of whom are peasant rice-growers earning around £900 a year. Local communist party secretary, Tan Junwu, argues the offices are part of a plan to transform Yungai into a modern and forward-thinking community and would attract business and investment. The Chinese business magazine Caijing, reported: 'To build this office, the village owes more than ten million yuan to the construction company,' Three months ago China's communist . leadership issued a five-year ban on any new government buildings in a . bid to crack down on corruption and wasteful spending. Opulent: A state-owned Chinese drugs company provoked outrage building a new headquarters decorated to look France's Palace of Versailles . According to the state-owned news agency said Xinhua, there would be an 'across-the-board halt to the construction of new government buildings, training centres or hotels.' Recent years have seen local government officials vying to out do each other by building larger and larger offices. In the eastern city of Fuyang, officials blew 30 million yuan (£3 million) on a replica of the White House in Washington DC. And a state-owned drugs company provoked outrage building a new headquarters decorated to look France's Versailles palace, complete with gilted walls and chandeliers. The local authorities stand accused of constructing the huge buildings in an attempt to artificially ramp up land prices.
highlights: Building boasts an auditorium and thousands of square feet of office space . Most of the villagers are peasant rice growers earning around £900 a year . China has banned new government buildings in a bid to cut corruption . Local authorities spend millions on offices hoping to ramp up land prices . Projects include replicas of the White House and the Palace of Versailles .
id: 243b26dcd6c9f91148d8779e1c8565dafe1a3d0c
chatgpt: In a village where most inhabitants are peasant rice growers earning approximately £900 a year, a lavish government building has emerged. The building boasts an impressive auditorium and thousands of square feet of office space, a stark contrast to the simple living of the local villagers. This extravagant building has raised concerns regarding corruption and government spending in China. The country has recently banned the construction of new government buildings in an effort to curb corruption and wasteful spending. While local authorities defend the construction of such buildings, claiming it will attract investment and increase land prices, critics argue that the vast amounts of money invested in these projects could be put to better use elsewhere. The controversy surrounding this issue is further amplified by the construction of replica buildings such as the White House and the Palace of Versailles. Critics deem these replicas as unnecessary and a waste of taxpayer money. The Chinese government has been taking steps to combat corruption through various initiatives, such as the anti-corruption campaign led by President Xi Jinping. In addition to the ban on new government buildings, officials have also been subjected to increased scrutiny and stricter regulations. Despite these efforts, instances of corruption still persist, and the construction of extravagant government buildings remains a point of concern and scrutiny. The case of the lavish government building in the small village highlights the need for greater transparency and accountability in government spending. The voices of the local villagers, who are not benefiting directly from the construction of the building, must be heard and considered in order to ensure the responsible use of taxpayer money. In conclusion, the construction of extravagant government buildings in China continues to be a contentious issue. While local authorities argue that it will boost land prices and investment, critics argue that such projects are unnecessary and a waste of taxpayer money. The recent ban on new government buildings reflects the government's commitment to fighting corruption, but further reforms are needed to ensure the responsible use of public funds.