article: Alex Rodriguez faces a diminished role in his return to the New York Yankees, who have stripped him of his third-base job and plan to limit his role to full-time designated hitter, at most. A-Rod's days as an everyday fielder are over, general manager Brian Cashman said on Tuesday, and Chase Headley will start at third after agreeing this week to a $52 million (£32.24m), four-year contract. Coming off a season-long suspension for violations of Major League Baseball's drug agreement and labor contract, Rodriguez will have to compete with Martin Prado for time as Headley's backup at third. New York Yankees' Alex Rodriguez returns to baseball battling for a place as his team's third base back-up . 'I can't expect Alex to be anything,' Cashman said during a telephone interview with The Associated Press. 'I've got to think the worst and hope for the best. Even before the suspension, he wasn't the same player at third base on the defensive or offensive side. And that was before the suspension. 'And now he's been out of the game for a year. He's approaching 40 years of age. And just to automatically assume, given his circumstances, that he'll be able to plug right in, play third as an everyday guy and hold up and be productive, that would be dangerous thinking from my perspective.' Rodriguez turns 40 in July and has not played a full season since 2007 because of leg injuries, operations on both hips, and the suspension. Cashman said A-Rod will have to prove to manager Joe Girardi he can play the field. General manager Brian Cashman expects 'nothing' from A-Rod as he makes his comeback after a year  ban . Cashman said he has not spoken with Rodriguez about his new role. 'I don't need to. I've been very consistent with my conversations publicly from October on,' he said. 'I have not heard from Alex on any of that, and I know he reads all this stuff.' Rodriguez is owed $61mn (£39m) by the Yankees in the final three seasons of his contract, and New York could use improvement at DH - its players there combined to hit .230 this year (12th in the American League) with 18 homers (11th), 63 RBIs (13th), a .290 on-base percentage (14th) and a .372 slugging percentage (12th), according to STATS. New York anticipates Headley, a 2012 Gold Glove winner, will be joined in the infield most days by Didi Gregorius at shortstop, Prado at second, and Mark Teixeira at first. 'We believe we now have a very strong defensive infield,' Cashman said, 'that will serve our pitching staff and our run prevention well.'
highlights: Alex Rodriguez will be battling to be back-up for third base at the Yankees . General manager Brian Cashman excepts little from the 39-year-old . A-Rod is returning from a season-long suspension for violations of Major League Baseball's drug agreement and labor contract .
id: d22d7a2cfcbb756986449d038b1c54c631f501b0
chatgpt: Alex Rodriguez, the former star player of New York Yankees, is eager to make his way back onto the field after serving a season-long suspension for violations of Major League Baseball's drug agreement and labor contract. However, Rodriguez's return is not without its challenges, as general manager Brian Cashman expects little from the 39-year-old. Rodriguez, who is a 14-time all-star and three-time American League MVP, is currently battling to be the backup for third base at the Yankees. He faces stiff competition from Chase Headley, who was signed by the team in 2014. Cashman has announced that he has "no idea" what to expect from Rodriguez. "I'm hopeful he can return to what he once was, but it's been a long time since he's played at that level," said Cashman. "He's going to have to fight for a spot just like everyone else." Despite his age and the challenges he faces, Rodriguez remains optimistic about his return. In a recent interview with ESPN, he expressed his eagerness to prove himself on the field once again. "I'm excited to be back and I'm motivated to do whatever it takes to help the team win," said Rodriguez. "I know it's going to be a challenge, but I'm up for it." Rodriguez's future with the Yankees is uncertain, as his current contract is set to expire in 2017. However, he remains focused on the present and the upcoming season. "I'm taking it one day at a time and just trying to focus on what I can control," said Rodriguez. "I'm not worried about my contract or anything else right now. My only goal is to help the team win." Despite the uncertainty surrounding Rodriguez's return, many Yankees fans remain hopeful that he will be able to make a comeback. Rodriguez has been an integral part of the team for many years, and his contributions to the sport cannot be denied. Whether or not Rodriguez is able to regain his former glory remains to be seen, but one thing is certain: he is determined to give it his all on the field this season. And with the support of his teammates and fans, it is possible that he may surprise even the most skeptical observers with a triumphant return to the sport he loves.