article: (CNN) -- Greenpeace activists who have interfered with the launch of a Chevron oil drilling ship in the North Sea say that they have enough fuel and supplies to last several weeks. Activists on board the Greenpeace ship Esperanza attached a bright yellow "survival pod" to the giant ship's anchor on Wednesday, effectively keeping it from going to sea. The drill ship Stena Carron, operated under contract by oil giant Chevron, is now holding off the Shetland Islands in the North Sea. Two members of the crew shimmied up the chains, spending Tuesday night hanging above the waves in a small tent. They then secured the survival pod, which is now occupied by two new activists. Inside the ball, there's enough food, fuel and water and even a small toilet to sustain the occupants for up to a month, Greenpeace says. Ben Stewart, leader of the operation, told CNN via satellite phone from the scene that a storm is approaching, but the crew and the activists are safe. The bright yellow "survival pod" attached to the giant ship's anchor effectively keeps it from going to sea. The 2-meter diameter pod is hanging from the chain, preventing it from being raised high enough for the 748-foot (228-meter) ship to safely embark. Stewart says that they will stay as long as possible, adding "every day they are held back is a day that we can avoid the chance of another Gulf of Mexico-style environmental disaster in the North Sea." The group hopes to pressure Chevron and European Union environmental ministers gathering this week in Norway to support a deepwater drilling moratorium in the North Sea. Chevron says it has been in contact with the activists and stressed the need for safety. "We fully acknowledge and respect the right of Greenpeace or anyone else to express their views by peaceful and lawful action." Chevron said in a press release. "However, we are deeply concerned about activities that put people at risk." Greenpeace says it has assured the captain of the Stena Carron it will not interfere with the second anchor so the ship will not float into danger. It's the second such boarding action by the Greenpeace team in recent weeks. They boarded an oil drilling rig operated by British company Cairn Energy in Arctic waters off Greenland in August.
highlights: Activists have enough fuel and supplies to last several weeks, Greenpeace says . Two people occupy "survival pod" attached to ship's anchor, preventing departure . Group hopes to pressure Chevron, EU to support North Sea drilling moratorium .
id: 37a9a63383b03d9c662f2513385d7eb7fef9d9d0
chatgpt: Environmental activist group Greenpeace has launched a daring protest against North Sea drilling. Members of the group have taken over the Paul B. Loyd Jr, an oil rig support vessel owned by US oil company Chevron, in a bid to pressure the company and the European Union to declare a moratorium on drilling in the region. A statement released by Greenpeace claims that the ship's supply of fuel and food are sufficient to last the group several weeks. The group has attached a "survival pod" to the ship's anchor, in which two members are currently residing. This has prevented the vessel from leaving Cromarty Firth, a body of water on the Scottish coast. The pod is equipped with enough survival supplies to last for several days, and the occupants have been receiving regular visits from Greenpeace personnel. Greenpeace has said that the occupation will continue until Chevron agrees to cease its drilling operations in the North Sea. This is the latest in a series of protests against the oil industry in the UK and beyond, as environmental groups ramp up their efforts to halt the use of fossil fuels. Chevron has remained silent on the issue, but the European Union has responded by saying that it will not take action to halt drilling in the North Sea. A spokesperson for the EU stated that the organisation is taking steps to reduce the region's dependence on fossil fuels, but that this will take time and cannot be achieved overnight. Greenpeace has called on the public to support its action, saying that the occupation of the Paul B. Loyd Jr is a symbol of the urgent need to address climate change. The group argues that exploiting new sources of oil and gas is incompatible with efforts to limit global warming, and that the only solution is a rapid transition to a low-carbon economy. The occupation of the Paul B. Loyd Jr is just the latest example of the growing activism around climate change issues. From school strikes to civil disobedience, environmental groups are increasingly taking direct action to highlight the urgency of the situation. While some may criticise such tactics as extreme or disruptive, Greenpeace and others argue that they are necessary to bring about meaningful change in a world that is running out of time.