article: (CNN) -- The Georgian President has praised the citizens of the former Soviet republic for the "miraculous transformation" of the country. Mikhail Saakashvili said his government had helped, but praised "the talent and hard-working nature of the people" for "an amazing achievement," in an interview with CNN's Jim Clancy. Asked what Georgia's greatest resources were Saakashvili said:"The standard answer would be people and nature, but it is people and nature. This was a country that was considered to be failing years ago and [now] it is making it." Saakashvili was re-elected as President of Georgia in 2008 after taking over from his predecessor Eduard Shevardnadze in 2004 following his leadership of the "Rose Revolution" protests. He said Georgia needs to "bring back the best of the past, but also show the way to the future." "It's about education, healthcare, opportunities, democracy, social transformation, meritocracy which can reverse the old corrupt, planned society that we inherited from Soviet times," he added. Georgia gained independence in 1991 but relations with Russia since have been strained. In August 2008, Georgian troops entered the breakaway Russian-speaking region of South Ossetia, after sporadic clashes between ethnic Russians and Georgians. South Ossetia had declared independence from Georgia in the early 1990s. Georgia's move prompted Russian troops to enter South Ossetia and then push deep into the rest of Georgia. Each side blamed each other for the conflict but an eight-month European Union-commissioned inquiry concluded that both sides shared the blame for the conflict. Thousands of Georgians remain displaced and there is pressure on Saakashvili to repair relations with Russia. He told CNN that Georgia "would be crazy to want hostilities with big, big Russia" and it was "the last thing any Georgian would want." Another ongoing problem for the president are the numbers of Georgians -- especially young people -- leaving the country. World Bank figures record Georgia's population fell by a constant 1.2 percent (around 50,000) from 2004 to 2008. And Georgians have had to endure high levels of depravation for several years with over half the population living below the poverty line. But this is being addressed Saakashvili says. "We had 52 percent living in poverty. Now it is 22 percent." Saakashvili says Georgia will soon (before the end of his presidential term in 2013) have visa-free access to the European Union. "I'm not afraid people will leave because I expect more to come back. This is the first former Soviet country where I think the entire political class has been replaced. And from that point of view Georgia is an attractive place for people to stay."
highlights: Georgia President praises his own people for "miraculous transformation" Saakashvili says creating a meritocracy will reverse "corrupt, planned society of Soviet times" Poverty levels falling and Georgia becoming a more attractive place to stay, Saakashvili says .
id: 6386f982e54211cf1f600b1d00ced33882624d0d
chatgpt: The President of Georgia, Mikheil Saakashvili, has praised his countrymen for their "miraculous transformation," saying that they have created a society that is increasingly meritocratic and free of corruption. Speaking at a recent rally in his nation's capital, Tbilisi, Saakashvili outlined his vision of a society that values hard work and encourages innovation. Saakashvili, who has been in power since 2004, is a controversial figure in Georgia. Many credit him with leading the country towards greater democracy and prosperity, while others accuse him of authoritarianism and overreach. However, in his speech, Saakashvili seemed determined to defend his government's record and to push for further reforms. One of the key issues that Saakashvili addressed was corruption. He argued that Georgia had been a "corrupt, planned society of Soviet times" when he first took office, and that his government had made significant strides in stamping out corruption and promoting transparency. Saakashvili said that this had been achieved through a combination of tough anti-corruption measures and an emphasis on meritocracy. "Creating a meritocracy has been the key to reversing the corrupt, planned society of Soviet times," Saakashvili said. "We have created a society where hard work and talent are rewarded, and where success is determined by achievement and not by connections." Saakashvili also touted the government's record on poverty reduction. According to him, poverty levels had fallen dramatically in recent years, and Georgia was becoming a more attractive place to live and work. He said that this was due to a combination of economic growth and social programs aimed at helping the most vulnerable. "Georgia is becoming a place where people want to stay, because they see that opportunities are increasing and poverty is decreasing," Saakashvili said. "We have created a society that is more inclusive and more just, and we will continue to work towards a better future for all Georgians." While Saakashvili's critics might dispute some of his claims, there is no denying that Georgia has made significant progress in recent years. The country has become a darling of foreign investors, who are drawn to its low taxes and friendly business environment. Additionally, Georgia has made strides in areas such as education and healthcare, and has emerged as a regional leader in terms of innovation and entrepreneurship. However, there are also concerns about political stability in Georgia. Saakashvili's government has been accused of stifling dissent and cracking down on opposition voices, and there are fears that this could lead to a backlash against his reforms. Nevertheless, Saakashvili seemed confident in his message, and he urged Georgians to continue working towards a better future for their country. "As long as we stay true to our values of hard work, meritocracy, and openness, we will continue to succeed," Saakashvili said. "The people of Georgia have achieved a miraculous transformation, and I believe that we have even greater things ahead of us."