article: Seoul, South Korea (CNN) -- North and South Korea have agreed to hold reunions later this month of families separated since the Korean War, Seoul said Wednesday. If they go ahead, the meetings of divided Korean families would be the first to take place since 2010. The reunions of about 100 people from each country are scheduled to take place between February 20 and 25, the South Korean unification ministry said Wednesday, following face-to-face talks between the two sides. But those scheduled to participate are likely to be aware that North Korea has unceremoniously pulled the plug on such meetings in the past. Past disappointment . Reunions were due to take place last September, but Pyongyang canceled them with only a few days notice, accusing Seoul of souring ties between the two countries. South Korea says it sought reassurances in Wednesday's talks that the families' hopes wouldn't be dashed this time around. "Our side expressed the position that what happened last year cannot be repeated," the unification ministry said. "The North shared the view." The reunions are an emotive issue. And time is running out for many of the surviving members of the families that were split by the 1950-53 war between the two Koreas. A lot of them are now in their 80s and 90s. Tens of thousands of people in South Korea are on the list of those wanting to take part in the reunions. This month's planned reunions are scheduled to take place at the site where previous ones were held: Mount Kumgang, a resort on the North Korean side of the border that used to be jointly operated by both sides. Calls for better ties . The agreement on the date for the reunions follows a series of calls by North Korean leader Kim Jong Un's regime for better relations between the two countries. South Korean officials had said they wanted to see action rather than words from Pyongyang, including moving ahead with family reunions. Wednesday's deal is a small step forward. But a contentious issue between the two sides is also looming at the end of this month: annual military exercises in the region by South Korean and U.S. forces. The drills infuriate North Korea, which says it sees them as a prelude to an invasion. Last year, it ratcheted up its threatening rhetoric to alarming levels as the exercises took place. In its calls so far this year for better relations, North Korea has asked South Korea not to take part in the drills -- a request that Seoul and Washington have rejected. North Korea blames South, cancels family reunions in September . CNN's Paula Hancocks and K.J. Kwon reported from Seoul, and Jethro Mullen reported and wrote from Hong Kong.
highlights: The reunions will take place between February 20 and 25, South Korea says . North Korea canceled previously scheduled reunions last year . Seoul says it told Pyongyang that "what happened last year cannot be repeated" North Korea has called for better sides, but tensions remain over U.S.-South Korean drills .
id: b8a3ebd9da8d16e9ddebd6de82726fbeff04d0c3
chatgpt: South Korea has invited North Korea to participate in reunions from February 20-25. These reunions were previously cancelled by North Korea last year. Seoul has warned Pyongyang that cancelling the reunions again would not be tolerated. The South Korean government has said that it is determined to ensure that the reunions take place this year. The reunions are for families separated by the Korean War. Thousands of families have been separated since the war ended in 1953, and regular reunions have been one of the few ways for them to meet. The last family reunions were held in 2018, and since then, there has been no progress on this issue due to tensions between the two Koreas. North Korea has called for better relations with South Korea, however, the tensions between the two countries continue over U.S.-South Korean military drills. Pyongyang has criticized these drills as being provocative and has indicated that the drills must be cancelled before any further progress is made. South Korea has stated that the reunions are a humanitarian issue and has called on North Korea to participate in order to improve relations between the two Koreas. Seoul is also hopeful that the reunions will pave the way for more dialogue on other issues, such as denuclearization. The reunions have been a contentious issue between the Koreas since they started in 1985. Family members are selected by lottery to attend, but due to the high demand, many are left out. In some cases, family members have died before being able to participate in a reunion. The previous cancellations by North Korea have been met with disappointment and frustration by families who were looking forward to the reunions. Many family members are now in their 80s and 90s and are desperate to be reunited with their loved ones. Seoul has made it clear that it will not accept any further delays or cancellations by North Korea. The government has said that it will continue to work towards reunions and other measures to improve relations with North Korea. Overall, the reunions are an important step towards improving relations between the Koreas. While tensions remain high, Seoul is hopeful that this will be a positive step towards more dialogue and potential progress on other issues. The families who have been separated for decades deserve to be reunited, and it is up to North Korea to engage in good faith to make this happen.