article: (CNN)Players from Tunisia and the Democratic Republic of Congo embraced each other in celebration as both sides played out a 1-1 draw to book their passage into the quarter-finals of the Africa Cup of Nations. In a tense finale to Group B, all four teams still had the chance to qualify for the last eight until the final whistle went in a goalless draw between Cape Verde and Zambia in torrid conditions. It sparked contrasting celebrations, the coaches and players in Bata celebrating in unison while there were tears in Ebebiyin as 2012 champions Zambia bowed out in the group stages for a second successive tournament. Tunisia coach Georges Leekens had called on his side, the 2004 AFCON champions, to go all out for the win despite only needing to draw the match to qualify. And the north African side in reality should have achieved that feat by half-time such was their ascendancy. It was Ahmed Akaichi who broke the deadlock just after the half-hour mark, the striker for Esperance becoming only the second player to score two goals in this tournament after Congo's Thievy Bifouma as he headed home a flick on by Yassine Chikhaoui. Chikhaoui thought he had enjoyed his own moment of glory with a superb volley only for it to be ruled offside, one of two disallowed goals for the Tunisians. For a time, DR Congo, tournament winners in 1968 and 1974, looked devoid of a response until drawing level against the run of play in the 65th minute through substitute Jeremy Bokila. It was Bokila's two goals that had helped seal his side's route to the tournament against Ivory Coast and, just five minutes after coming on, he once again provided a telling difference. A long ball was headed into the box by Dieumerci Mbokani, Bokila controlled it with aplomb and guided the ball into the net with his left foot. It was all the more befitting as moments earlier Wahbi Khazri should have already put the game out of DR Congo's reach. But DR Congo held firm for a record sixth straight draw in the tournament, the game ending slightly farcically in the final minute with neither side really playing as news of the result from Ebebiyin came in. That match was never going to be a classic, the two teams having scored just three times in 40 combined attempts in this tournament, and it was a cause not helped by a downpour that threatened to see the game abandoned altogether. If Zambia had hoped the players would be inspired to shine in the wake of a pre-match call from President Edgar Lungu, who won the election at the weekend, then they were to be sorely disappointed. Zambia's Evans Kangwa had the chance to grab the win his side needed to qualify late on but made a hash of his effort while Cape Verde, level on three points with DR Congo, only missed out on the quarter-finals by virtue of goal difference.
highlights: Tunisia and DR Congo draw 1-1 to both reach the last eight of the Africa Cup of Nations . DR Congo sub Jeremy Bokila cancels out earlier strike by Tunisia's Ahmed Akaichi . Zambia and Cape Verde miss out on knock-out stages after goalless draw in downpour .
id: 90c7ef43ffc7b7c4b1e671a32451295858cc2497
chatgpt: Tunisia and DR Congo played out a 1-1 draw in their final Group B match to both qualify for the knockout stages of the Africa Cup of Nations. Jeremy Bokila was the hero for DR Congo, coming on as a substitute to cancel out Ahmed Akaichi's earlier strike for Tunisia. The game started slowly with both sides looking tentative in the opening exchanges. It took until the 31st minute for the first chance of the game to arrive, as Akaichi's shot was parried away by Ley Matampi in the DR Congo goal. Tunisia began to turn the screw as the half progressed, with Youssef Msakni coming close to breaking the deadlock with a powerful free-kick. Their persistence paid off just before half-time, as Akaichi finally found a way past Matampi to give Tunisia the lead. DR Congo emerged from the interval with renewed energy and were soon on the front foot. They were finally rewarded in the 66th minute, as Bokila connected with a header to draw his side level. Tunisia rallied in the closing stages, but DR Congo held on to secure their place in the last eight alongside the North Africans. In the other match in Group B, Zambia and Cape Verde played out a goalless draw in a downpour to both exit the tournament. The game was a scrappy affair, with both sides struggling to create clear-cut chances in the difficult conditions. Zambia started the brighter of the two sides, with Rainford Kalaba testing Vozinha in the Cape Verde goal with a long-range effort. Cape Verde responded well and began to assert themselves on the game, with captain Babanco getting involved in midfield. Both sides traded half-chances in the second half, but neither could find the net in the end. Zambia will be particularly disappointed with the result, having failed to score a single goal in their three group matches. Overall, Group B provided some thrilling action and drama, with Tunisia and DR Congo progressing in style. They will now face tough opposition in the knockout stages, but will be buoyed by their performances so far. Meanwhile, Zambia and Cape Verde will be left to rue missed opportunities as they head home early. They will no doubt be eager to bounce back in future tournaments and make amends for their disappointing campaigns in Gabon.