article: (CNN) -- Milan might be most famous as the capital of Italian fashion and finance, but it's an ambitious architectural project that's generating buzz these days in the home of Armani and Alfa Romeo. Porta Nuova is a new 290,000 square meter (3.12 million square feet) site that will encompass office, residential and green space on the previously neglected outskirts of the city. Building work on the project started in 2009. When finished, it will feature numerous sleek skyscraper buildings that will juxtapose sharply with Milan's more traditional low-rise architecture. As Italy looks to emerge from the Eurozone crisis, there are even some who suggest developments like these could help get the country's economy moving again. "The made in Italy brand is not just fashion and design and food," said Manfredi Catella, CEO of property development and management firm, Hines Italia. "Now the first (brand) is our land. This is the natural resource of the country. The Middle East have their oil, we have our oil in our land. Now we have to take it back and create value. Porta Nuova is an example," Catella added. Valued at more than $2 billion Porta Nuova is 60% financed by European investors with the remaining 40% funded by Qatar holdings. The jewels in the crown of the project are arguably the Bosco Verticale (roughly translated as vertical forest) buildings. The taller of these two residential towers will stand 128 meters (419 feet) high while more than 900 trees will adorn exterior walls and balcony space. A new 231 meter curved tower close by, meanwhile, will house Unicredit Group's European headquarters and cater for 4,000 of the financial services firm's staff. Unicredit's general manager Paolo Fiorentino said the new building could change the way the company structures its premises in the future. "The feedback (so far) is so positive that we will replicate this project also in other cities like Vienna. We have in mind also Rome but we change the overall headquarters philosophy in the group," Fiorentino said. "In reality what we put under discussion is the way that our people are sharing space." Major global firms such as Google have also agreed to set up their Italian headquarters here. But while some see progress and opportunity, others are reserving judgment. "We are not used to certain skylines now you have to lift your head up," said local architect and designer, Massimmo Locatelli. "That new way of building for Milan is really unusual and I guess people expect to get used to it," he added. With just under a year to go until the Porta Nuova project is completed, traditionalists now don't have long to savor the city's existing skyline. See also: Suburbia gone wild . See also: Architects build first 3D printed house . See also: Giving Motown a replay .
highlights: Porta Nuova aims to transform Milan's skyline . Project will feature new skyscrapers and buildings covered with trees . Some experts believe construction ventures like these could get Italian economy moving .
id: ecc0d19b0c7cf4736012470bd5a864f8a62be280
chatgpt: The Porta Nuova project in Milan aims to revolutionize the city's skyline with innovative designs and towering skyscrapers. The project is set to transform the city's landscape with new buildings that boast greenery mixed with modern architecture. Porta Nuova is yet another construction venture that promises to uplift the Italian economy. The modernization of the Porta Nuova district began a few years ago and is planned to last for over two decades, highlighting Milan as a forward-thinking and innovative city. The project's primary goal is to create an urban district that strikes a balance between open green spaces and aesthetically-pleasing buildings. The project is a joint venture between Pirelli Real Estate, Intesa Sanpaolo and the city of Milan, with the contributions of world-renowned architects such as Cesar Pelli, Boeri Studio, and KPF. The project will consist of three main multi-use skyscrapers, which will merge with re-designed footpaths, public spaces, and parkland.  In addition to the buildings, the project prioritizes the planting of over 20,000 trees and creating pedestrian and cycle-friendly streets to improve the quality of life for residents, workers and visitors. Some experts believe that projects like Porta Nuova have the potential to boost the Italian economy, creating jobs in the construction industry and boosting tourism, despite the significant costs involved. Milan has already achieved impressive economic and cultural growth and Porta Nuova adds to its appeal as an attractive place to live, work and visit. The construction of Porta Nuova will incorporate greenery into the city with an ambitious idea that contrasts with other major cities nearby, such as Rome and Naples, which have sold their urban plots to create high-density developments that do not incorporate trees or greenery. The Porta Nuova project stands out for how the developers have merged innovative architecture, new constructions, parks, and greenery into one cohesive plan. Such projects have recently become popular across the world, with buildings such as the Vertical Forest in Milan, which includes the planting of trees on balconies, and the Bosco Verticale (vertical forest), a residential block comprising over 900 trees, ranging up to nine meters high, designed to reduce pollution in the city. Many countries such as South Korea, Canada, and the US, have been investing in green-infused architecture, but these projects have only recently begun to take hold in Europe. The Porta Nuova project is just one of the many breath-taking developments set to change Milan's skyline for the better. The design priorities have driven the project so far and will transform Milan into an environmentally-conscious city. Overall, the Porta Nuova project is a bold step for Milan and sets an example of how an urban development plan can be executed with consideration for both the aesthetics and the natural environment. Embracing such projects during these unpredictable economic times can lead to a more sustainable future for Italy, the citizens of Milan and the economy.