article: (CNN) -- The stars of "Boy Meets World" had a busy, wedding-filled weekend. On Saturday, actress Danielle Fishel -- Topanga to "Boy Meets World" fans -- enjoyed "one of the most amazing days" of her life as she wed Tim Belusko in a Los Angeles ceremony. "The love in the room was palpable and overwhelming in the best way possible," the 32-year-old newlywed tweeted after the nuptials. According to her Tumblr, Fishel met Belusko, 25, when she went back to school at 27 to get her college degree, which she happily announced she acquired last December. She didn't completely fit in at school at first, Fishel wrote, but "I persevered and sometimes I wasn't the oldest person in class, some of the whisperers became good friends, and I did so well in math, I even became a tutor. And that is how I met my fiancé." Disney orders 'Girl Meets World' For whatever reason, those whispering critics are still around: Fishel tweeted on Sunday that she was receiving criticism because she married someone younger. "Tim is mature, responsible, loving, & kind," she posted. "Way to judge people, Internet." But as Fishel fought back against her haters, her former costar, Rider Strong, was embarking on his own walk down the aisle. The 33-year-old actor married fellow actress Alexandra Barreto, 31, at a summer camp in Oregon, according to People magazine. Unfortunately, Strong was "missing some of my 'Boy Meets World' family" at the event, but it was his fault: "(Danielle) chose the date first," he explained. Even with the scheduling conflict, Strong couldn't be happier. "I'm incredibly lucky to be getting married to my best friend and partner-in-crime," he said in a statement. Danielle Fishel on why she didn't date 'Boy Meets World' co-star . 'Boy Meets World' and 'Saved By The Bell' coming to DVD .
highlights: Two stars of "Boy Meets World" got married this weekend . Danielle Fishel wed Tim Belusko in Los Angeles on Saturday . Rider Strong married actress Alexandra Barreto on Sunday .
id: 9816193c706b898b4ef583a6d00148b7c4e9df15
chatgpt: It was a weekend of love for two stars of the beloved '90s television show "Boy Meets World." Danielle Fishel, who played the lovable "Topanga," and Tim Belusko tied the knot in Los Angeles on Saturday. The couple had been dating for several years before they decided to make it official. Fishel looked stunning in a strapless lace gown with a flowing train, while Belusko opted for a classic dark suit. The wedding took place in front of close family and friends, including fellow "Boy Meets World" stars Ben Savage and Will Friedle. In a statement to People Magazine, Fishel gushed about her big day. "I am so thrilled to be married to my best friend and partner in crime," she exclaimed. "We love each other more than anything and are very excited to start this new chapter of our lives together." But Fishel wasn't the only "Boy Meets World" star to walk down the aisle. On Sunday, Rider Strong, who played the show's beloved "Shawn Hunter," married actress Alexandra Barreto in Oregon. The couple exchanged vows in a rustic outdoor ceremony, surrounded by family and friends. Barreto looked radiant in a vintage-inspired gown, while Strong donned a classic gray suit. The couple, who met on the set of a horror movie in 2006, got engaged in 2012. "We're incredibly lucky to have found each other and deeply grateful for the love and support from family and friends," Strong said in a statement to Us Weekly. Fans of "Boy Meets World" have been buzzing with excitement over the weekend's double wedding. The show, which aired from 1993 to 2000, followed the trials and tribulations of teenager Cory Matthews (Ben Savage) as he navigated adolescence with the help of his family and friends. The beloved series has continued to resonate with audiences, spawning a spinoff series titled "Girl Meets World," which aired from 2014 to 2017. But for fans of the original show, seeing two of their favorite stars tie the knot is a dream come true. Congratulations to Danielle Fishel and Tim Belusko, and Rider Strong and Alexandra Barreto!