article: A brutal Ethopian prison guard who tortured inmates with cattle prods in the 1970s has been arrested following a chance encounter in a U.S.restaurant by one of his victims, immigration chiefs claimed today. Kefelegn Alemu Worku is also said to have beaten prisoners with rifle butts, whips and pipes during a period known as the Red Terror when up to 500,000 people died in a political purge by communist rulers. Worku was previously known as Tufa when he worked at the notorious Higher 15 detention camp - the site of many executions - according to two former inmates who identified him in a photo line-up. Arrest: The man was arrested in a cafe frequented by members of the Ethiopian community in Aurora, Colorado . He was spotted in the Cozy Cafe in Aurora, Colorado last May by a another former . prisoner who recognized him. Worku was a regular at the cafe, . which is a hangout for Ethiopian immigrants in the Denver area, said . restaurant manager Girma Baye. Worku, who worked at a parking lot and had previous held a job at Denver International Airport, has been . charged with unlawfully procuring citizenship or naturalization and . aggravated identity theft. Power: Mengistu Haile Mariam (pictured) was the most prominent officer of the Derg, Communist military junta that oversaw the Red Terror in Ethiopia during the late 1970s . If convicted of both, he faces up to 12 years . in prison and fines of up to $500,000. The Ethiopian who alerted the authorities claims he escaped from the prison in 1979, Homeland Security . Agent Jeffrey Lembke said. The three immigrants told authorities . the man they identified as Worku participated in beatings and torture . sessions that included a cattle prod, rifle butts, whips and pipes. They . also said he threatened at least one witness with an AK-47 at the . prison where detainees were regularly beaten and executed. The former prisoners had 'a very strong reason to remember, even though it was 30 years . ago,' said federal prosecutor Brenda Taylor in court. Federal public defender Matthew Golla said his client denies all of the charges. The . man entered his plea in federal court before being held without bail by . a judge who noted that he is accused of using several aliases. U.S. Magistrate Judge Kristen Mix also said the man faces serious accusations involving a detention center known as Higher 15. It . was established during the late 1970s in a campaign known as the Red . Terror, which Human Rights Watch has called 'one of the . most systematic uses of mass murder by a state ever witnessed in . Africa.' Years of suffering: An Ethiopian refugee camp in Ali Sabieh, Djibouti. Ethiopians have suffered terribly from the effects of war and famine during recent decades . Golla . said his client has lived peacefully in Denver for eight years and . should be released. He said he has worked at Denver . International Airport and is currently employed with a parking lot . company.
highlights: Man arrested after being spotted by former prisoner in suburban cafe . Accused of carrying out vicious beatings using a cattle prod, rifle butts, whips and pipes . Said to have hurt inmates during 'Red Terror' when up to 500,000 Ethiopians were killed by Communists .
id: fa33ec8a2f4c4e4405e6b3e15d4e80cfe45fdaef
chatgpt: A man accused of carrying out violent acts during Ethiopia's "Red Terror" has been arrested after being spotted by a former prisoner. The incident occurred at a suburban cafe where the accused was recognized by the former prisoner who alerted the authorities. According to reports, the accused was responsible for vicious beatings using a cattle prod, rifle butts, whips, and pipes during the "Red Terror" era. The "Red Terror" was a period of political violence and repression in Ethiopia that occurred from 1977 to 1978. During this period, up to 500,000 Ethiopians were killed by the Communist government led by Mengistu Haile Mariam. The government targeted opposition groups, intellectuals, and anyone who was perceived as a threat to their regime. The accused was allegedly a member of the government's security forces during this period and was responsible for torturing and beating inmates. The former prisoner who recognized him at the cafe said he was beaten by the accused with a cattle prod and a steel whip. The accused has been arrested and is currently in police custody. He is expected to face charges of crimes against humanity and torture. The arrest has been welcomed by human rights groups who have been calling for justice for the victims of the "Red Terror" era. Many of the victims and their families have been seeking justice for decades and have yet to receive it. The Ethiopian government has been criticized for its lack of action in addressing the crimes committed during the "Red Terror" era. However, recent statements from government officials suggest that there may be a renewed effort to pursue justice for these crimes. The arrest of the accused is a positive step towards this goal but there is still a long way to go to bring all perpetrators to justice. The government must take a more proactive role in pursuing justice for the victims and ensuring that those responsible for these atrocities are held accountable. Human rights organizations have called for the establishment of a truth and reconciliation commission similar to those established in South Africa and other countries with a history of human rights abuses. A commission of this nature would provide a forum for victims to share their experiences and for the country to confront its past. The accused will face trial in the coming months and it is hoped that this will be the first of many steps towards bringing justice to the victims of the "Red Terror" era. The government must continue to show its commitment to addressing these crimes and ensuring that they never happen again.