article: (CNN) -- Antarctica is warming in line with the rest of the world, according to a new study on climate change in Antarctica. Temperatures across Antarctica have traditionally varied between east and west, scientists say. Rather than being the last bastion to resist global warming, U.S. research has found that for the past 50 years much of the continent of Antarctica has been getting warmer. For years common belief among scientists studying climate change was that a large part of Antarctica, the East Antarctic Ice Sheet, has been getting colder while the rest of the world has warmed. However the new research from the University of Washington has found that warming in West Antarctica exceeded one-tenth of a degree Celsius per decade for the past 50 years, which more than offsets the cooling in East Antarctica. "West Antarctica is a very different place than East Antarctica, and there is a physical barrier, the Transantarctic Mountains, that separates the two," said Professor Eric Steig, lead author of the research paper. The study's findings appeared in Thursday's issue of the scientific journal Nature. At 6,000 feet (1,829 meters) above sea level the West Antarctic Ice Sheet is around 4,000 feet lower than East Antarctica and subject to warm, moist storms and more snowfall. In gathering the data Steig and fellow researchers used information from satellites, which was crucial in providing new insight into patterns of temperature change across the continent. Previous research on climate in Antarctica that relied solely on Antarctic weather stations, in place since 1957, could not get as much information about conditions on the interior of the continent as most are placed within a short distance of the coast. "Simple explanations don't capture the complexity of climate," Steig said. "The thing you hear all the time is that Antarctica is cooling and that's not the case. If anything it's the reverse, but it's more complex than that. Antarctica isn't warming at the same rate everywhere, and while some areas have been cooling for a long time the evidence shows the continent as a whole is getting warmer." A major reason most of Antarctica was thought to be cooling was because of a hole in the ozone layer that appears during the spring months in the Southern Hemisphere's polar region. Steig noted that it is well established that the ozone hole has contributed to cooling in East Antarctica. "However, it seems to have been assumed that the ozone hole was affecting the entire continent when there wasn't any evidence to support that idea, or even any theory to support it," he said. "In any case, efforts to repair the ozone layer eventually will begin taking effect and the hole could be eliminated by the middle of this century. If that happens, all of Antarctica could begin warming on a par with the rest of the world."
highlights: Common belief that Antarctica is getting colder debunked by new report . Evidence that western Antarctica is warming, offsetting Eastern Antarctic cooling . Satellite data used to determine that West Antarctica warmed in last 50 years . Antarctica isn't warming at the same rate everywhere, according to research .
id: eaabb2ca5c56ba3c4327dd0a4b107da501f0368c
chatgpt: A new report has debunked the long-standing belief that Antarctica as a whole is getting colder. The report reveals that while the eastern part of the continent is indeed cooling, the opposite is happening in the west, with temperatures there actually rising over the last 50 years. The research used satellite data to determine that West Antarctica has been warming at a rate of 0.19 degrees Celsius per decade, offsetting the cooling seen in the Eastern Antarctic. This means that Antarctica as a whole is not warming at a uniform rate. The study, which was published in the journal Nature Climate Change, also found that the warming in West Antarctica is linked to a combination of natural climate variability and human activities, such as the burning of fossil fuels. The melting of ice shelves in the region is also a key factor in the warming, as it exposes darker ocean surfaces which absorb more heat. The discovery that Antarctica isn't warming at the same rate everywhere is significant, as it had previously been assumed that the continent was rapidly cooling due to the effects of climate change. This misconception had led some to argue against the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions, as they believed that the continent was already maintaining temperature or even getting colder. The new report shows that this is not the case, and that in fact, the warming in West Antarctica is offsetting the cooling seen in the east, resulting in a net increase in temperature, albeit at a slower rate than the rest of the planet. This means that Antarctica is still contributing to global warming, albeit in a less straightforward way than previously thought. The researchers are now calling for more detailed analysis of the region to determine the full extent of the warming trend, and the impact it is having on the continent's ecosystems. There are concerns that the melting of ice shelves and associated rising sea levels could have devastating effects on the world's coastlines, as well as on the wildlife in the region. While the report does not provide any immediate solutions, it highlights the need for further research into the regions of the planet that are most vulnerable to climate change, in order to mitigate the effects and ensure the survival of the planet's ecosystems. Overall, the findings of this report provide a valuable insight into the complex, multifaceted nature of climate change, and the need for more detailed, nuanced analysis of complex ecosystems in order to address the issue effectively. They also illustrate the importance of data-driven research in informing climate change policy, and emphasize the ongoing importance of investing in scientific research to gain a better understanding of our planet's changing ecosystems.