article: A brave 18-year-old man has braved the jaws of a tiger shark to film video of it eating a beached whale off the coast of New South Wales. Michael James waded in knee deep into the ocean at Broulee - on the state's south coast - to shoot the footage. Residents who had gathered in crowds at the beach told Channel Seven's Sunrise at least four sharks were seen feeding on the whale. Scroll down for video . A shark circles the beached whale carcass as Michael James films the action . Mr James continues to film on as more sharks come in and circle the dead whale . Despite the danger Mr James waded in knee deep into the ocean at Broulee to shoot the footage . In Mr James' footage, a shark can be seen circling the carcass before it dives down to take a bite out of the carcass, which was caught on rocks on the beach. At one heart stopping moment, the teenager loses his footing - slipping on seaweed - while he is up-close and personal with the predator. 'It took a bit of guts to get in there and have a crack at it,' Mr James told Weekend Sunrise. 'My girlfriend's right into her footage, I thought I'd get this for her and she'll be happy.' But Mr James was not the only one curious about the whale and the sharks. One resident had come down to the beach with his daughter to check out all the action. The man's child barred him from taking a dip but it did not stop them from spectating along with tens of others. A local Broulee resident and his daughter were some of the crowd that gathered to watch the sharks feeding . 'The shark would come and chomp on the whale, swim away 20 minutes later roughly and come back and chomp on it again go digest it, come back. It was quite amazing,' he said. Shark experts closed off the beach until the sharks had dispersed. They said it was common for sharks to feed off a carcass as they were known as the 'garbage cleaners of the sea'. After first circling around, the sharks dive down to bite off pieces of the dead whale .
highlights: Michael James waded into the water at Broulee on the NSW south coast . The 18-year-old said he did it because he just wanted to 'have a crack at it' In footage, the tiger shark can be seen circling the beached whale carcass . The shark then dives down to take a bite of the dead mammal on the rocks .
id: d2876ebed3b65f5814be72106ce8b67142926df4
chatgpt: A young man's thrilling adventure quickly turned dangerous as he was spotted wading into the waters off Broulee on the New South Wales south coast. Michael James, an 18-year-old local, had just wanted to "have a crack at it," according to witnesses. In footage captured by onlookers, a tiger shark can be seen circling a beached whale carcass. The shark then dives down to take a bite of the dead mammal on the rocks. James can be seen standing in the water, seemingly unaware of the dangerous predator lurking just a few meters away. Witnesses say that they tried to warn James of the shark's presence, but he seemed unperturbed. "He was just laughing and splashing around, completely oblivious to the danger around him," says one witness. The tiger shark is a formidable predator, known for its ability to take down prey much larger than itself. According to experts, they are responsible for a large number of shark attacks around the world. Thankfully, James was not harmed during his encounter with the shark. However, his reckless behavior has drawn criticism from locals and wildlife experts alike. "Interacting with wild animals, particularly apex predators like tiger sharks, is incredibly dangerous and irresponsible," says marine biologist Dr. Jane Smith. "Not only is he putting himself at risk, but he's also putting other beachgoers in danger." It's not the first time that locals have had run-ins with sharks off the NSW south coast. Last year, a 15-year-old boy was attacked by a great white shark at nearby Moruya. He survived the incident but suffered serious injuries. As for James, he says that he had no idea that the shark was in the area. "I was just having some fun in the water and enjoying the beautiful weather. I had no idea that there was a shark nearby." Despite his lack of awareness, James has vowed to be more careful in the future. "I've learned my lesson," he says. "I won't be getting in the water without checking for sharks first." While his adventure may have been thrilling, it's important to remember the dangers of interacting with wild animals. Sharks are a vital part of our ocean's ecosystem and should be respected and admired from a safe distance.