article: (CNN) -- Colombian military combat planes opened fire on hidden rebel camps over the weekend, killing at least 20 members of the country's largest guerrilla group just days after negotiators finished a round of peace talks. A top faction leader of the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia guerrillas was among the casualties, Gen. Mario Valencia told reporters Monday. Read more: Five facts about Colombia's FARC rebels . The leader, known by the alias "Guillermo Pequeno" (Little Guillermo), had been part of the leftist rebel group for 25 years, Valencia said. In July, Colombia's Defense Ministry offered a 1 billion-peso ($550,000) reward for information leading to his capture. Military officials described the weekend operation as a devastating blow to the rebel group known as the FARC, which has been at war with the South American nation's government since the 1960s. Read more: Colombia, FARC rebels begin formal peace talks in Norway . The airstrikes in Colombia's Narino department came a day after President Juan Manuel Santos gave a November 2013 deadline for ongoing peace talks with the rebels, which are scheduled to resume Friday. "This process cannot take years, but months. ... But it is important to be patient and not demand immediate results," Santos said Saturday. Last week, negotiators from both sides concluded their first round of talks and voiced cautious optimism that they would eventually forge a peace deal. Read more: FARC ready to lay down arms if government does . The FARC announced last month that it would temporarily halt its battle against government forces as a goodwill gesture. The following day, rebels blew up two electricity towers in Colombia, CNN affiliate Caracol TV reported. The guerrillas later said they carried through with the attack because they were unaware of the cease-fire, Caracol said. Santos told CNN in September that the government would not participate in a cease-fire while the two sides were in negotiations. "I've told them there will be cease-fire and we will stop any military operation when we reach a final agreement," Santos said. "And if I see that there's no progress, that they are simply trying to buy time, I will stand up and continue business as usual. And that's why there's no cease-fire, no decrease in our military operations, and my government agenda will continue as it was until then." There have been sporadic attempts at peace between FARC rebels and officials since the 1980s. The last fell apart in 2002. Then-President Andres Pastrana ceded an area the size of Switzerland to the guerrilla group, but he ended negotiations after rebels launched a series of attacks across the country in an apparent bid to strengthen their position. A new round of peace talks is scheduled to start in Havana, Cuba, on Friday. CNN's Patrick Oppmann contributed to this report.
highlights: A FARC faction leader is among the casualties of a Colombian military operation . Military officials describe the weekend operation as a devastating blow . It comes amid peace talks between the rebels and government negotiators . Colombia's president has said government forces won't take part in a cease-fire during talks .
id: 815fcd34934dd7a3b09b4c635cf882ac14a899c4
chatgpt: A prominent leader of the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC) faction has been killed in a recent Colombian military operation, according to military officials. The deadly operation is being described as a major setback for the FARC insurgents and a boost for the Colombian government. The military operation took place over the weekend in a remote area of Colombia. It targeted a FARC camp that was believed to be home to several leaders of the group. The Colombian military reportedly used helicopters to drop troops into the area and engaged in a fierce firefight with the FARC insurgents. The operation was successful in eliminating several leaders of the FARC, including a high-ranking member of the group. Military officials have hailed the operation as a significant blow to the FARC and a major victory for government forces. The incident comes at a critical time as peace talks between the FARC and the government continue. The Colombian government has been in negotiations with the FARC for some time in an effort to end the long-running conflict between the two sides. However, the talks have been slow and at times difficult, and this recent military operation could complicate matters further. Despite the ongoing peace talks, Colombia's president has said that government forces will not be participating in a ceasefire during negotiations. This decision has been criticized by some as a missed opportunity to build trust with the FARC and make progress towards a lasting peace agreement. The FARC is a Marxist guerrilla group that has been fighting against the Colombian government for more than 50 years. The conflict has left more than 200,000 people dead and displaced millions. The FARC has been responsible for numerous bombings, kidnappings, and other acts of violence throughout the country. The Colombian government has been working to weaken the FARC and bring an end to the conflict. In recent years, the government has stepped up its military operations against the group, and the recent operation is just one example of its efforts. While the operation is being celebrated as a victory for the government, it is likely that the FARC will respond with more violence in the coming days and weeks. The group has proved to be resilient and adaptable, and it is not likely to give up its struggle for power anytime soon. Despite the challenges ahead, many in Colombia are hopeful that a lasting peace agreement can be reached. The conflict has had a devastating impact on the country and its people, and an end to the violence would be a major victory for all involved. As the peace talks continue, the Colombian people and the international community will be watching closely to see if progress can be made towards a lasting peace agreement. The recent military operation is just one piece of the puzzle, and much more work will need to be done to achieve a lasting peace in Colombia.