article: By . Associated Press Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 20:32 EST, 29 November 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 14:35 EST, 30 November 2013 . Toronto Mayor Rob Ford and his brother are set to launch an online show to take their message straight to 'Ford Nation', the term they use for the embattled mayor's conservative suburban supporters. Doug Ford, a city councilor, said the show is meant to 'get their message out and not have that message be twisted by the media'. After the mayor admitted to smoking crack in a 'drunken stupor' and refused to resign, Toronto's city council has stripped him of most of his powers. United front: Toronto Mayor Rob Ford, left, and his brother Councilor Doug Ford are planning to launch an online show . Rob Ford said he has 'declared war' on the council after it acted in response to his drug use, public drunkenness and a series of outbursts that have made him an international media sensation, to the embarrassment of many Canadians. The new online show follows last week's airing of a single episode of a TV talk show hosted by the Fords that premiered on Sun News Network before it was cancelled. Network executives said 'Ford Nation' was the highest rated program ever on the two-year-old cable channel, but said it was too costly to make. The Fords co-hosted the hour-long TV program. The mayor used much of the prerecorded program to defend himself and talk about his re-election bid next year. 'Ford Nation': Doug Ford (standing) said the new self-funded online series he will host with brother Rob Ford will be uploaded to YouTube before Christmas . Doug Ford said the new self-funded online series, also to be called 'Ford Nation', will be uploaded to YouTube before Christmas. 'Numerous people have approached us around the world about doing a show and since technology has changed, you can get your message out easily to a larger audience on your own,' Doug Ford said. 'The objective is to get a clear message out there. We'll say a sentence and the media will clip four or five words out of it and it won't be clear or balanced.' He said the mayor has given up drinking for good and is committed to leading a healthier lifestyle. 'If Rob comes back a new man, 70-80 pounds lighter, he's going to win the next election,' he said.
highlights: Toronto Mayor Rob Ford and his brother Doug Ford, a city councilor, to launch YouTube show before Christmas . The Fords are using the self-funded online series 'Ford Nation' to speak to voters .
id: ad0bf5ff5ba0a60bf80c70d3e44cb44c9d777900
chatgpt: Toronto Mayor Rob Ford and his brother, city councilor Doug Ford, have announced that they will soon be launching their own YouTube show called "Ford Nation." This self-funded online series will give the Fords an opportunity to speak directly to voters and address issues of concern in the city. The announcement of "Ford Nation" comes at a time when the mayor and his brother have been in the news for their controversial behavior and actions. Despite this, the Fords have remains popular with a certain segment of Toronto's population, and the show is expected to be well-received by their supporters. The show will be co-hosted by the Fords and produced by Toronto-based digital media company, Blue Ant Media. It will feature interviews with a variety of guests and discussions on a broad range of topics related to Toronto's politics and its people. Doug Ford has told reporters that the show will be "an unfiltered platform to hear directly from us and from people who other media doesn't want to give them the time of day. We're going to talk to people that want to talk about ideas, talk about their problems and get their concerns addressed.” However, some critics have expressed concerns that "Ford Nation" will be used as a platform for political grandstanding and offensive remarks. Others have noted that the Fords have a history of cancelling media interviews or storming out of them altogether, which may not bode well for the show's future. Regardless of these potential problems, the show is generating a lot of interest from both supporters and detractors alike. The Fords have already released a promotional video for "Ford Nation" on YouTube, which has garnered significant attention. In the video, Rob and Doug Ford are seen sitting side by side, seemingly relaxed and joking around. The pair make casual banter about their love of football, before transitioning into a montage of clips from the show. "Ford Nation" is expected to launch before Christmas, and promises to be one of the most talked-about shows in Toronto's digital media landscape. Its success or failure is likely to depend on how well the Fords are able to balance their political ambitions with their need to connect with viewers on a personal level.