article: (CNN) -- Seattle could see one of its largest snowfalls since the 1940s as twin winter storms move over the Pacific Northwest, according to the National Weather Service. Between 5 and 10 inches of snow could hit the Seattle-Tacoma area Wednesday, said Dustin Guy, a meteorologist at the weather service's Seattle office. Precipitation moving in from the south and west is combining with cold air moving south from Canada to create the heavy snowfall, Guy said. If snowfall amounts top 7 inches, the winter weather event will rank among Seattle's 10 worst since the early 1940s, Guy said. High-wind warnings were in effect along the coast, where winds could gust to hurricane force -- knocking down trees and causing power outages, said CNN meteorologist Taylor Ward. Wednesday's snowfall in Seattle may equal its annual average, Ward said. Mountainous areas of the Pacific Northwest will see even more snow, with the largest accumulations on the eastern slopes of the Cascades, according to the weather service. Significant snowfall is expected across southern Washington, northwest Oregon and into western Idaho. Portland could see about 3 inches, according to Ward. From late Tuesday through early Thursday, 2 feet to 3.5 feet of snow is forecast for the mountains east of Seattle, Guy said. Mount Rainier could see 10 feet of snow by Friday. The first storm moved into the area Monday and Tuesday. The second and stronger storm was forecast to hit Wednesday into Thursday. "It's pretty big when you get back-to-back storms like that," weather service meteorologist Roger Cloutier said. Scattered areas near Easton, Washington, along Interstate 90 in the Cascade Mountains 55 miles east of Seattle, have already received 32 inches of snow, Cloutier said. The snowfall extends south into Oregon, with as much as 18 inches forecast for the Bend area. CNN affiliate KTVZ-TV in Bend said an earlier round of snow over the weekend gave a boost to local ski resorts but also created treacherous driving conditions that left at least one motorist dead. Those conditions were expected to worsen. Winter storm warnings were in effect across the region. "Expect extreme travel difficulties to develop on Wednesday," the weather service said, advising those who must take to the roads during the storm to carry a flashlight, blankets and extra food and water. The Washington State Department of Transportation said 1,250 workers will use nearly 500 pieces of equipment statewide to treat and plow roadways. CNN affiliate KING-TV reported that Seattle Public Schools opted to close all schools two hours early. The heavy snowfall will be followed by rain, which could produce ponding water and urban flooding, Guy said. "It's just gonna be a mess all around," he said of the coming few days in the Seattle area. Cloutier said even though computer models are trending colder and colder for the coming days, the heavy snow will eventually pose a flooding threat. "When the snow does finally melt, you can almost guarantee there will be some flooding somewhere," he said.
highlights: NEW: Seattle prepares for significant snowfall . Storms could be among area's 10 worst since 1940s . Up to 3.5 feet of snow in Cascade Mountains forecast . Officials warn of treacherous travel conditions .
id: b8ecd6733ba7aa5d8db30f51092771230fec5bbe
chatgpt: Seattle is bracing itself for a major snowstorm, which could be among the most severe to hit the area since the 1940s. Experts forecast that up to 3.5 feet of snow could accumulate in the Cascade Mountains, which lie just east of Seattle. This snowstorm has prompted officials to warn residents about treacherous travel conditions and to encourage those who can to work from home. The snowstorm is a result of a cold front that has moved into the area, creating weather conditions conducive to significant snowfall. The National Weather Service has issued a winter storm warning, which will be in effect until tomorrow afternoon. The warning covers the entirety of the Seattle area, as well as several other regions in the Pacific Northwest. Officials say that this could be one of the worst snowstorms in recent memory. Seattle has only had three storms that have produced more than a foot of snow since 2000. This storm has the potential to be much worse, with some forecasts predicting that it could be among the 10 worst snowstorms since the 1940s. The Seattle Department of Transportation has been working around the clock to prepare for the storm. Crews have been salting roads and spraying de-icer on bridges to prevent freezing. Plow trucks have been deployed to clear snow from the streets, and officials are urging residents to avoid unnecessary travel. Schools in the Seattle area have already announced closures in anticipation of the storm. Many businesses are following suit, and some government services have been suspended until the storm passes. Residents are being urged to stock up on food, water, and other essentials, as well as to make sure that they have adequate heating and insulation. Those who are particularly vulnerable, such as the elderly and the homeless, are being warned to take extra precautions to stay safe. Despite the potential dangers, many Seattle residents are excited about the prospect of significant snowfall. Snow is a rare occurrence in the city, and many locals are looking forward to the opportunity to sled, build snowmen, and have snowball fights. The snowstorm is not expected to last more than a few days, but officials are warning that the effects could be long-lasting. Travel interruptions and power outages are possible, and the cleanup effort could take several days. Residents are advised to keep up with the latest weather updates and to stay safe during the storm. With proper preparation and caution, Seattle can weather this snowstorm like it has many others in the past.