article: By . Emma Reynolds . PUBLISHED: . 10:31 EST, 21 May 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 11:11 EST, 21 May 2012 . Fateful night: Evan Dube, 19, was at a barbecue on the beach in Lerwick when he went for a swim just after 9pm . A U.S. student who was working on an archaeological project in the Shetland Islands collapsed and died after going for an evening swim. Evan Dube, 19, was at a barbecue on a beach in Lerwick with a group of ten students from Bates College in Lewiston, Maine, before his death on Saturday night. The first-year student swam out into the sea soon after arriving at 9pm. 'Evan went into the water and after coming ashore appears to have collapsed,' said police. An ambulance arrived in minutes, and Mr Dube was then airlifted to a nearby hospital, but all resuscitation attempts failed, and an autopsy is taking place today. The teenager, from Plaistow, New Hampshire, was taking part in the Shetland Islands Climate and Settlement Project, a study involving students from several higher education institutions from Maine. It was looking at the severe climate transformations of the most northern of the Scottish Isles, particularly at a settlement in Quendale Valley that was entirely buried by sandstorms and subsequently abandoned between 1690 and 1710AD. Mr Dube's college released a statement saying: 'Bates College has been shaken and deeply saddened to learn that first-year student Evan Dube died on Saturday night, May 19, in the Shetland Islands, Scotland. Tragedy: The teenager was described by his college as 'serious, exuberant and a caring friend' Shocked community: Police said the teenager collapsed after coming out of the water and could not be resuscitated . 'At this time we have no other information about the incident to offer— simply that we have lost a member of our Bates community long before his time. 'Evan’s fellow students in Scotland are receiving grief counseling and will return to Boston on Tuesday.' Bates said Mr Dube, a Buddhist, would be remembered as 'a young man who was studious and serious, exuberant and funny - and a caring friend.' Dean of Students Tedd Goundie wrote in an email to the student body: 'We will be absorbing this terrible loss for many days and long into the future. 'Please join me in keeping Evan’s family and friends in your thoughts and prayers.'
highlights: Evan Dube, 19, was one of ten students taking part in the Scottish project .
id: 49501a54d1b33aa7023d862027cd0b5baab5b291
chatgpt: Evan Dube, a 19-year-old student, has been selected as one of ten individuals to participate in an exciting Scottish project. The program will provide students with the opportunity to work alongside industry leaders in order to gain valuable experience and further their education. The project is focused on the development of renewable energy sources and the implementation of smart grid solutions. It is a collaborative effort between academia, industry, and government agencies, all working together to find new and innovative ways to provide cleaner, more efficient energy to the people of Scotland. Evan has always been interested in science and technology, and is excited to be a part of such an important project. He sees this as a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to learn from some of the best in the field and make a difference in the world. "I'm thrilled to be a part of the Scottish project," says Evan. "It's an incredible opportunity to work with industry leaders and make a real impact on the world. I'm excited to see where this takes me and to contribute to a cleaner, greener future." The project is expected to span several months and will include a variety of different activities and initiatives. Participants will have the opportunity to work on real-world projects and gain hands-on experience in the field. They will also attend lectures and seminars with experts in the field, as well as participate in workshops and other training sessions. As part of the project, Evan and his fellow students will be working closely with industry leaders to develop new renewable energy solutions. This will require a great deal of innovation and creativity, as well as a thorough understanding of the science behind renewable energy sources. The goal of the project is to find new ways to harness renewable energy sources in order to provide more efficient and cost-effective power to the people of Scotland. By working together, academics, industry professionals, and government agencies can create a smarter, more sustainable energy grid that benefits everyone. Evan is excited to be a part of this effort, and he is confident that his participation in the project will be a valuable addition to his education and career. He looks forward to the challenges and opportunities that lie ahead, and to making a meaningful contribution to the future of energy in Scotland and beyond.