article: By . Charlie Eccleshare . Aaron Ramsey believes that Arsenal have their most settled side in years, and by doing their transfer business early are in a strong position to mount a serious title challenge this season. The Gunners finally ended their nine-year long trophy drought by winning the FA Cup in May, and Ramsey insists that will be the start of a new era for the North London club. The Welshman told the Evening Standard: 'This season the team are more settled going into the new campaign. We have had a few weeks together to get to know each other better and maybe that will help us when the season starts. On fire: Aaron Ramsey scores for Arsenal in Sunday's Community Shield clash against Manchester City . Pick that one out! Ramsey celebrates his goal and is hoping for another  prolific season for Arsenal . VIDEO Wenger hails 'complete' Arsenal performance . 'Alexis Sanchez had a great World Cup with Chile and they are all fantastic signings. The new boys bring some more quality to the team and they have settled in really well. 'Every season prior to last season, the talk was about how Arsenal had not won anything. We have finally put an end to that and we really want to kick on and be successful for many years to come. We want to keep this momentum going.' Ramsey, who scored in Sunday's 3-0 Community Shield win against Manchester City, was clear about Arsenal's aims for the forthcoming campaign: 'This season we want to challenge for the Premier League and the Champions League,' he said. New kid in town: Alexis Sanchez has  put in some exciting pre-season performances and impressed Ramsey . Mature beyond his years: Calum Chambers is another new arrival  and shone against City on Sunday . No more panic buys: In previous years Arsene Wenger has bought flops like Park Chu-young at the last minute . For Arsene Wenger's team to be able to compete at that level, Ramsey will need to recapture the scintillating form that saw him score 16 times for the Gunners last season. The 23-year-old had a summer off during the World Cup and is in confident mood. Reborn: Ramsey was abused by some Arsenal fans until a stellar season in 2013-14 where he scored 16 goals . 'Sometimes players are slow to get going after a World Cup but I have had a rest and am feeling good,' he said. 'Scoring the winner in the FA Cup final was a great way to end last season and watching the World Cup made me want to get back out there. 'There are still things for me to improve on and I am looking forward to doing that. Hopefully, I can hit the ground running, and so can the whole team.' Arsenal begin their Premier League campaign against Crystal Palace at Emirates Stadium on Saturday. Silverware: Arsenal won the FA Cup in May, and now have their sights set on winning more silverware .
highlights: Aaron Ramsey believes Arsenal can compete on all fronts this season . The Gunners won the FA Cup in May to end a nine-year long trophy drought . Ramsey scored against Manchester City in Sunday's Community Shield . Arsenal won that game 3-0 and have signed the likes of Alexis Sanchez . Arsene Wenger has made summer signings  earlier than in previous years .
id: 2a0e1f0da67a8bc617adb041e7d9a28c601645c6
chatgpt: Arsenal midfielder, Aaron Ramsey, is confident that his team can compete on all fronts this season. The Gunners ended their nine-year trophy drought when they won the FA Cup in May and have since made a number of high-profile signings including Alexis Sanchez. Ramsey played a key role in Arsenal’s success last season, scoring in the final against Hull City. The Welshman continued his fine form in Sunday’s Community Shield match against Manchester City, scoring Arsenal’s second goal in a 3-0 win. Speaking to reporters after the match, Ramsey said, “We’ve got a good chance this season. We’ve made some very good signings and we showed in the second half of last season what we’re capable of. We’re confident that we can compete on all fronts.” Ramsey’s optimism is shared by Arsenal manager, Arsene Wenger. The Frenchman has been more active than usual in the transfer market this summer, signing Sanchez from Barcelona and Mathieu Debuchy from Newcastle. The Gunners have also added Colombian goalkeeper, David Ospina, to their squad. Wenger has been criticised in the past for his reluctance to spend big money on players, but the Arsenal manager has defended his approach. “We did spend money before,” Wenger said. “We spent a lot of money as well. Maybe not as much as some people wished, but we did spend.” The Gunners’ win over Manchester City in the Community Shield was an encouraging start to the new season, but there is still much work to be done if they are to challenge for the Premier League title. Last season, Arsenal’s title challenge faded in the final few weeks of the season as they dropped crucial points against the likes of Everton and Swansea. Ramsey believes that his team have learned from their mistakes and are better equipped to cope with the demands of a long season. “We know what we need to do,” the 23-year-old said. “We came so close last season and we want to go one better this time around. We’re ready for the challenge.” Arsenal open their Premier League campaign against Crystal Palace on Saturday and Wenger will be hoping that his team can replicate their Community Shield performance. The Gunners have been tipped by many to challenge Chelsea and Manchester City for the title this season and with the likes of Ramsey and Sanchez in their squad, they certainly have the firepower to do so.