article: By . Sara Malm . PUBLISHED: . 09:26 EST, 8 May 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 08:52 EST, 9 May 2012 . An international search has been launched today to track down a vulnerable British woman who vanished in Pakistan. Leah Reed, 28, from Cambridgeshire, told her family she was going on . holiday on April 24. But when she failed to return and they were unable . to contact her she was reported missing on May 2. Her passport was used to check on to a flight from Heathrow to Lahore, Pakistan and her parents Leonard Reed and his wife Asta believe, who has bipolar disorder, could have been duped into the sex or drugs trade. Fear: Leonard Reed pictured with his daughter Leah. He is worried that the 28-year-old may be a victim of sex or drugs trade . Mr Reed, a retired teacher with terminal cancer, said he fears she is being used for 'some sort of marriage arrangement'. He said: 'It seems practically certain that our daughter has been targeted, being seen as extremely vulnerable, for some nefarious, as yet unknown purpose.' Due to Leah's medical condition the search is time sensitive as she relies on the drug lithium for her bipolar disorder. Mrs Reed said: 'I want to say "hang on, you will be found" to Leah because I know she is having a horrible time.' The former Bassingbourn Village College student, lives with her family in Melbourn, Cambs. Her worried parents, who have nine children, have been in close contact with police and the British High Commission in Pakistan as they wait for news of their daughter. Leah Reed is believed to be in Lahore after her passport was used to check in to a flight destined for the Pakistani capital . Mrs Reed said: "I have been overwhelmed by the support we have had from people close to us and from the police, which is all helping. Inspector James Sutherland, from Cambridgeshire Constabulary, said today police do not believe Leah has come to any harm. He said: 'I fully understand the genuine concerns that the family have, but we are not jumping to any conclusions.'
highlights: Leah Reed went missing a week ago . Passport last used to enter Pakistan . Her parents fear she might be caught in vicious drugs or sex trade .
id: 98503f82c9dd7bdccbc464f3005bf0247f6678ef
chatgpt: Leah Reed, a 22-year-old woman from the United States, has been missing for a week now. Her parents, who are living in constant anxiety and agony, have been making tireless efforts to find her without any success. Leah's last known location was in Pakistan, where she used her passport to enter the country before she disappeared. According to sources, Leah's parents fear that their daughter may have been caught in the vicious drugs or sex trade. They believe that Leah may have been lured by unscrupulous individuals promising her a better life overseas, only to be caught in the dangerous traps of trafficking. Leah's parents have been working with local authorities in Pakistan and have also reached out to various human rights organizations to help locate their daughter. They have been constantly updating social media sites, seeking the help of netizens to share any information which could help locate her. The family's agony is palpable, and they are still struggling to come to terms with the fact that their daughter might have fallen victim to such a heinous act. They have appealed to authorities and the public at large to come together and help gauge leads on their daughter's whereabouts. The local police, who have been working on the case, have assured the family that they will leave no stone unturned in their search for Leah. They have urged people with any information, no matter how little, to come forward with it. Leah's disappearance is yet another reminder of the dangers that lurk in the shadows of the global sex trade and trafficking industry. Stories of young women being lured, deceived, and forced into this dark world continue to surface despite efforts by various organizations and governments to put an end to it. The world waits in anticipation of any positive leads that could help locate Leah, a daughter, a sister, and a friend to many. Meanwhile, her family continues to pray and cling on to the hope that their beloved Leah will be found and reunited with them soon.