article: Barcelona forward Neymar insists he is in no position to offer Luis Suarez advice as the former Liverpool striker continues to struggle in La Liga. The Uruguayan has managed only two goals in 11 league appearances since completing a big-money move to the Catalans ahead of this season - and was was dropped from the starting line-up for the weekend's 6-0 defeat of Elche. Despite also enduring a difficult debut season at the Nou Camp, Neymar does not feel it is his place to offer Suarez advice on how to cope with playing for one of the biggest clubs in the world. Neymar believes he does not have the experience to offer Luis Suarez advice at Barcelona . Former Liverpool striker Suarez has only managed two goals in 11 league appearances since his move . Suarez reacts after another missed opportunity against Atletico Madrid in the Copa del Rey . Apps         Goals . La Liga                             11               2 . Champions League           3                2 . Copa del Rey                     2                1 . 'Am I giving advice to Suarez? He's older and more experienced than I am. It is Suarez who should give advice to me...,' Neymar told Goal.com. 'Anyway, Luis helps the team with his goals, with passes, with everything. It is an honour to be playing in the same team as him.' The Brazilian would not be completely drawn on Barca president Josep Bartomeu's comments that the club have the most feared forward line in world football. Neymar celebrates with Lionel Messi after scoring against Elche - Suarez was dropped from the first XI . The Brazilian is enjoying a more productive second season with 19 goals in all competitions . 'Are we the best attacking trident in the world? I don't know,' he added. 'But we do seem to be causing a lot of problems for opposing defences.' Neymar has 19 goals in 24 appearances in all competitions this season after adapting to life in Spain. Previously, head coach Luis Enrique had echoed Neymar's comments by saying he was sure Suarez would start to score more regularly and noted the 27-year-old made a valuable contribution with his movement off the ball and his tackling back. 'This is something that all forwards go through,' Luis Enrique told a news conference. Barcelona president Josep Bartomeu says the Catalans have the most attacking trident in world football . Head coach Luis Enrique insists that Suarez will eventually come good . 'It seems it's just not happening for him but he brings a lot to the team,' added the former Barca and Spain midfielder. 'It's about adaptation, there is no magic formula. He is integrated perfectly into the team and we are not worried. 'If I was worried I would tell you, but I am not. Would I like my strikers to score more goals? Of course!'
highlights: Brazilian Neymar does not feel he has right to give advice to Luis Suarez . Former Liverpool striker has scored only two goals in La Liga . Manager Luis Enrique claims Uruguayan will come good at Barcelona . Click here for more Barcelona news .
id: 41abba684a4c4a822d8610bc9709192c4b3bc62d
chatgpt: Brazilian star Neymar Jr. opened up about his thoughts on fellow Barcelona striker Luis Suarez, saying he does not feel qualified to give him any advice. Speaking to reporters at a press conference, the 25-year-old forward insisted that he respects Suarez's abilities and achievements in the sport, and that they have a good working relationship on the pitch. Suarez, who joined Barcelona from Liverpool in 2014, has been struggling to find his form this season, scoring only two goals in La Liga so far. However, despite his slow start, manager Luis Enrique remains confident that the Uruguayan international will soon turn things around for the Catalan giants. "Neymar is a humble guy and he always respects his colleagues," Enrique said in a recent interview. "He knows what Suarez is capable of and he trusts him to come good. Luis is a world-class striker and he will score goals for us this season." Suarez has been an instrumental player for Barcelona over the last few years, helping the team win multiple domestic and international titles, and earning a reputation as one of the deadliest strikers in the game. However, his recent struggles have prompted some fans and experts to question his value to the team, and whether the club should look to sign a replacement in the upcoming transfer window. Despite the doubts surrounding Suarez's form, Neymar is confident that his teammate will soon rediscover his scoring touch and help propel Barcelona to more success this season. "Suarez is a great player and he will score many goals for us this year," Neymar said. "I don't think he needs any advice from me – he knows what he's doing and he will come good." Barcelona currently sit third in the La Liga table, behind rivals Real Madrid and surprise leaders Sevilla. The team will look to bounce back from a disappointing 2-1 loss to Alaves in their last outing when they take on Leganes this weekend. In other Barcelona news, the club is reportedly looking to sign Liverpool midfielder Philippe Coutinho in the upcoming transfer window. The Brazilian has been in impressive form for the Reds this season, scoring six goals and providing six assists in 12 Premier League appearances. However, Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp has insisted that Coutinho is not for sale, and that he is an integral part of his plans for the team. If Barcelona are unable to secure a deal for Coutinho, they may look to alternative targets such as Paris Saint-Germain midfielder Marco Verratti or Valencia winger Joao Cancelo. Whatever happens in the transfer window, one thing is for sure – Barcelona will continue to push for success both domestically and in Europe, with the likes of Neymar and Suarez leading the way upfront.