article: By . Ted Thornhill . PUBLISHED: . 07:35 EST, 25 January 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 08:13 EST, 25 January 2014 . Jailed: Christopher Mancini, 19, was sentenced for a series of attack on 13 boys who he groomed with threats and bribes . A ‘young but predatory’ child abuser convicted of 49 sexual offences against young boys, was jailed for 18 years on Friday. Christopher Mancini will spend a decade in custody and was banned from contact with children and from using the internet after he was sentenced for the attacks on 13 boys. Police have urged anyone with information about possible further offences by Mancini to come forward. He had been convicted of 34 sexual offences - including 24 of causing or inciting sexual activity, five of sexual assault, four of making indecent images of children and one of rape - following an earlier trial. Mancini, 19, of Hurstpierpoint, Sussex, had also pleaded guilty at Lewes Crown Court to 15 offences of sexual activity with a child, involving three boys, one of whom was one of the 10 boys who gave evidence at the trial. Six of the offences took place online involving three boys in other areas of the UK. All the other sexual activity offences took place in Mid-Sussex involving boys known to Mancini. He was found not guilty of one offence of rape. Sentencing Mancini yesterday Judge Richard Hayward said the teenager operated using a 'combination of bribes and threats'. Detective Chief Inspector Dave . Wardley-Wilkins, of Sussex Police, said: ‘Mancini operated by targeting . often vulnerable young boys in the area where he lived, whilst he . himself was aged between 14 and 18. Trial: Sentencing Mancini yesterday at Lewes Crown Court (pictured) Judge Richard Hayward said the teenager operated using a 'combination of bribes and threats' 'Once we received the information in 2012, our enquiries revealed further offending, resulting in the charges and Mancini's conviction and sentencing. ‘The dedicated work of Detective Constable Rebecca Wilde in particular, over many months, was key in enabling us to bring this young but predatory offender to justice. ‘During her very thorough investigation no other current evidence emerged to justify further proceedings against Mancini at this time. 'However anyone who has further information or any other concerns which they feel should be looked into, can contact us.’
highlights: Christopher Mancini, 19, from Sussex was sentenced to 18 years in jail . Six of the offences took place online but the rest took place in Sussex . He is banned from contact with children and from using the internet .
id: 270ac5b9bb3175a906fcd36cbb7e148058c3fb25
chatgpt: A 19-year-old man from Sussex has been sentenced to 18 years in jail after being convicted of multiple offences. Christopher Mancini had committed six of the offences online, while the rest had taken place in Sussex. Mancini had been charged with several serious offences, including sexual assault, rape, and making indecent images of children. He had used the internet to groom his victims and had committed the crimes over a period of several months. During the trial, the court heard how Mancini had targeted vulnerable children and teenagers, using social media and online chatrooms to lure them into meeting him. Once he had gained their trust, he would then proceed to abuse them. The court was told that Mancini had used a number of different tactics to manipulate his victims. He had befriended them, offered them gifts and money, and even pretended to be someone else. His victims were often too scared or ashamed to report what had happened to them. The judge in the case described Mancini's actions as "utterly reprehensible" and noted that the psychological harm he had caused to his victims would likely be long-lasting. As well as the 18-year prison sentence, Mancini has been banned from having any contact with children and from using the internet. The judge imposed these restrictions to prevent Mancini from offending again and to protect vulnerable children from any further harm. In a statement after the sentencing, Detective Inspector Sarah Dyer from Sussex Police praised the bravery of Mancini's victims. She also urged anyone else who may have been targeted by Mancini to come forward and report any incidents to the police. "The sentence imposed on Mancini today reflects the seriousness of his offences and the harm he has caused to his victims," she said. "We hope that this will give some comfort to those who have suffered at his hands and send a clear message to anyone else who thinks they can get away with this kind of behaviour." The case highlights the dangers of online grooming and the need for parents and carers to be vigilant when it comes to their children's online activity. Anyone who is concerned that a child may be at risk of harm should report their concerns to the police or child protection agencies.