article: Tunis, Tunisia (CNN) -- Economic opportunity must be a priority if the revolutions sweeping the Middle East and North Africa are to succeed, Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said Saturday. "We are making progress politically but more needs to be done economically," Clinton told a group of students here. Clinton was on her second visit to Tunisia, the cradle of the Arab Spring which has seen the ouster of long-entrenched leaders in Tunisia, Egypt and Yemen. In meetings with Tunisia's president, prime minister and young people, Clinton urged patience on economic and political reform and emphasized that the breakdown of economic systems is "recipe for frustration and instability that can be exploited by extremists and criminals around the world." In a town hall with Tunisian students, Clinton spoke about the challenges posed by the so-called "youth bulge" in which the demographics of the world are bending toward a younger population. Three billion people are now under the age of 30 -- 90% of them in the developing world, she noted. She cited estimates that North African and Middle Eastern countries will have to create 50 million jobs over the next decade to meet the needs of young people. "In every region, responding to the needs and aspirations of young people is a crucial challenge for the future," Clinton said. "The world ignores you at its peril." Clinton was in Tunis for a Friends of Syria meeting in which the international community gathered to discuss ways to end President Bashar al-Assad's bloody crackdown against protesters. She leaves Tunis for Algeria, and then Morocco . Clinton said that while the youth are bearing the brunt of the global economic crisis, they can also help with its recovery. "Just as you led the way in the revolution here in Tunisia so too must young people lead the way in building vibrant economies," she said. Clinton pledged to put youth issues on the international agenda, just as she did for women's rights. The United States, she said, would make the concerns and aspirations of young people a factor in its diplomacy and development work. In the wake of the Arab Spring, United States has announced a massive economic package to help the countries in the region in transition, including trade, investment and entrepreneurship programs. Tunisian youth played a key role in the uprising that ousted former President Tunisian President Zine el Abidine Ben Ali with the help of the internet and social media to spread their revolutionary message. She urged the audience to hold Tunisia's new Islamic government to their word to embrace freedom of religion and equal rights for women. "You were fearless on the front lines of the revolution, enduring tear gas and beatings," she said. "Now you are called to be courageous again as the guardians of your new democracy."
highlights: Hillary Clinton speaks to Tunisian students at a town hall . The world needs to pay attention to the needs of young people . 90% of the developing world is younger than 30, Clinton says . Clinton was in Tunis to discuss Syria, and now heads to Algeria and Morocco .
id: 7cbdb43f44e431a4711bf6087a2df8fd7a69b9e7
chatgpt: Former United States Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton, spoke to Tunisian students at a town hall on Tuesday. Clinton, who was in Tunis to discuss the Syrian conflict, touched upon the needs of young people in the world. According to Clinton, the world needs to pay more attention to the needs of young people, especially in developing countries. Clinton noted that "90% of the developing world is younger than 30," and that "if we don't pay attention to meeting the needs and fulfilling the aspirations of these young people, we will leave a huge swath of the world behind." The students at the town hall were engaged and asked Clinton a range of questions, from her thoughts on the current situation in Syria to her advice for young people looking to make a difference in the world. Clinton emphasized that young people have a critical role to play in shaping the future of their countries, and encouraged them to get involved in politics and public service. Clinton also spoke about the importance of education and the need to invest in young people's education. She noted that education is the key to unlocking economic growth and development, and that countries that invest in education are more likely to thrive in the long run. Clinton's visit to Tunisia is part of a larger trip to North Africa, which will also take her to Algeria and Morocco. In these countries, she will continue to discuss the Syrian conflict and other regional issues. The Syrian conflict has been ongoing since 2011, and has displaced millions of people and resulted in hundreds of thousands of deaths. Clinton has been a vocal advocate for intervention in Syria, calling for the United States and other countries to take stronger action to stop the violence. During her trip to North Africa, Clinton will also meet with government officials and civil society leaders to discuss issues related to democracy and human rights. She is expected to meet with Tunisian President Beji Caid Essebsi, as well as Algerian President Abdelaziz Bouteflika and Moroccan King Mohammed VI. Clinton's visit to Tunisia was met with excitement by many in the country, who see her as a symbol of hope for a brighter future. Tunisians have struggled with political instability and economic hardship in the years since the 2011 Arab Spring protests, and many are looking for leaders who can help guide the country towards a more stable and prosperous future. Overall, Clinton's message to the students in Tunis was one of hope and inspiration. She encouraged them to get involved in shaping the future of their country and the world, and emphasized the importance of education and investing in young people's futures. As she moves on to Algeria and Morocco, she will continue to spread this message and call for action on important global issues.