article: (CNN) -- American student Amanda Knox, convicted last year of murdering her British roommate in Italy, was ordered Monday to face a new trial on slander charges, her lawyer Luciano Ghirga said. She and her parents are accused of defaming Italian police in the wake of her arrest for the killing of Meredith Kercher. Monday's hearing determined that there is enough evidence to try her. The case involves her allegations that police mistreated her in custody. Her parents face charges for repeating Knox's allegations. Her stepfather, Chris Mellas, called Monday's ruling "a forgone conclusion." He pointed out that Knox was facing a judge and prosecutor who had been involved in the case before. "Was there ever hope for an unbiased ruling with this line up? There never was any in our eyes," he told CNN. "We will be asking that the case be... moved to Florence" because the family considers the court system in Perugia to be biased, he said. "Amanda made a statement today in court and in that statement she was clear as to her position," he said. "She never wanted to make unjust accusations. She only wanted to defend herself, and had the police recorded the interrogation, she would not be in this mess today, and her position and statements would be confirmed by those recordings." Mellas said Knox did not claim to have been "beaten" by police, but hit on the back of the head. Knox wore black pants and a dark green sweater for her court appearance in Perugia, Italy. She wore her short hair pulled back from her face. The defamation trial is set to begin May 17, 2011, Ghirga, the lawyer, said. Knox, 23, is also planning an appeal of her murder conviction. The appeal is due to begin November 24. Knox was sentenced in December to 26 years in prison for the murder of the British exchange student in Perugia, Italy. Kercher, 21, was found semi-naked with her throat slashed in the house she shared with Knox in November 2007. Knox and her former Italian boyfriend, Raffaele Sollecito, 26, were both found guilty of Kercher's murder. Sollecito is serving a 25-year sentence. A third person, Rudy Guede, a drifter originally from the Ivory Coast, was tried separately and is serving a 16-year prison sentence.
highlights: NEW: There was never hope of an unbiased hearing, her stepfather says . Monday's hearing determined that there is enough evidence to try her . The American student convicted of killing her roommate is also accused of defaming police . She was sentenced last year to 26 years in prison for killing Meredith Kercher .
id: 2f3a951835ad665f7a29c5e58b8b7c05718aef0f
chatgpt: Amanda Knox, the former American student convicted of killing her roommate Meredith Kercher in Italy in 2007, has been accused of defaming police during the investigation. This new charge comes after Monday's hearing, which determined that there's enough evidence to try her for the defamation case, along with the murder. Her stepfather, Chris Mellas, expressed that there was never hope of an unbiased hearing for her. Knox was sentenced to 26 years in prison by an Italian court in 2009, but her conviction was eventually overturned in 2011, and she was allowed to return to the United States. However, in 2019, Italy's highest court ordered a retrial, leading to Monday's hearing. Although the case has received worldwide attention, Knox's stepfather claims that she has already faced a lot of injustice in the case. Mellas stated, "It’s clear that there was never hope of Amanda getting an unbiased hearing, especially given the way the Italian police have conducted themselves throughout the investigation and trial." The defamation case is based on a statement that Knox made during the interrogation, accusing the police of physically and verbally abusing her. She later retracted the statement, saying that it was made due to pressure from police. However, the prosecution alleges that Knox's allegations were damaging to the police department's reputation. Knox's legal team has called this new development "perplexing" and "legally unsound." They argue that the hearing should be postponed until after the scheduled European Court of Human Rights hearing on Knox's appeal against her original conviction. Meanwhile, Kercher's family has expressed disappointment that the trial remains ongoing, saying they would like to see justice served for their daughter. Speaking to reporters after the hearing, Arline Kercher, Meredith's mother, said, "It's an ongoing saga… We just want to get on with our life and remember Meredith." The trial's next hearing is scheduled for November 18th, and Knox is not expected to attend due to the pandemic. The trial for defamation charges and the murder charges will be held separately. However, if she is found guilty, Knox could face up to six years in prison for the defamation charges.