article: A teenage girl is believed to have vanished with a man she had never met on Monday. Aysia Monique Lewis, 16, of Christiansburg, Virginia, was reported to be traveling with Donald 'Bruce' Quesenberry, Jr, 33, after he left his home in Normal, Illinois, to meet her. Virginia police began searching for the missing teen after she was last seen at the end of the day on Monday at Christianburg High School. Scroll down for video . Aysia Monique Lewis, 16, of Christiansburg, Virginia, was believed to be traveling with Donald 'Bruce' Quesenberry, Jr, 33, of Normal, Illinois . The pair are believed to have driven off together from Miss Lewis's high school on Monday in a light gold Nissan Altima - with Illinois plate V975074 . The pair are believed to be traveling in a 2002 light gold Nissan Altima - with Illinois plate V975074, according to wsls. Neither Quesenberry nor Miss Lewis have contacted relatives or friends since allegedly taking off together. Virginia State Police have classified the 16-year-old's disappearance as an endangered missing person alert and believe she may be in danger of sexual exploitation. Quesenberry has been charged with contributing to the delinquency of a minor. It is unclear if the pair have remained in the local area or left the state of Virginia. Police believe that Florida may be a possibility. According to a missing poster, Miss Lewis is 5'3' and weighs 160lbs. She has black hair with red highlights. The parents of the 16-year-old (pictured) have asked the 33-year-old man who took her to 'drop her off in a safe place' She was last seen wearing light blue jeans, a navy blue t-shirt, a black fleece, and brown moccasin-style shoes. Quesenberry was described as a white male with brown hair and brown eyes. He is 5'7' and weighs 195lb. The girl's parents, Brandon Lewis and Teneara Dial, have asked Quesenberry to drop her off in a safe place. Anyone with information is asked to contact the Christiansburg Police Department at (540)-382-3131 or Virginia State Police at 1-(800)-822-4453. That's 1 (800) VACHILD . Virginia State Police have classified the 16-year-old's disappearance as an endangered missing person alert and believe she may be in danger of sexual exploitation by Quesenberry (pictured)
highlights: Aysia Monique Lewis, 16, of Christiansburg, Virginia, was believed to be with Donald 'Bruce' Quesenberry, 33 . Police believe that Quesenberry picked Miss Lewis up after school on Monday and that they are traveling in a light gold Nissan Altima car . There are fears that the 16-year-old is in danger of sexual exploitation .
id: bdd26973dcc49a1ec8cdd1dc82fd831f5f9cb3dc
chatgpt: Authorities in Christiansburg, Virginia, are asking for the public's help in finding a missing 16-year-old girl who is believed to be in danger of sexual exploitation. Aysia Monique Lewis was last seen on Monday, and police have reason to believe she is traveling with 33-year-old Donald "Bruce" Quesenberry. Authorities believe Quesenberry picked up Lewis from her school on Monday afternoon. The two are believed to be traveling in a light gold Nissan Altima. Despite a concerted effort to locate the missing girl and her suspected abductor, police have yet to locate them. Family and friends of Lewis are growing increasingly concerned for her safety and well-being. The authorities have not yet released details on how they believe Quesenberry and Lewis know each other, but they are urging anyone who may have information about their whereabouts to come forward. There are fears that Lewis could be at risk of being sexually exploited. Police have not elaborated on why they believe this to be the case, but they have emphasized the urgency of the situation. "As long as she is out there, she's in danger," Montgomery County Sheriff Hank Partin said at a press conference. "We need to find her as soon as possible." The authorities have issued an Amber Alert in an effort to help locate the missing girl. They are also urging anyone who sees the light gold Nissan Altima to contact law enforcement right away. The disappearance of Aysia Monique Lewis has shocked and saddened the local community. Family and friends have been posting messages of support and prayers for her safe return on social media, using the hashtag #FindAysia. Anyone with information about the whereabouts of Aysia Monique Lewis or Donald "Bruce" Quesenberry is urged to contact the Montgomery County Sheriff's Office at 540-382-6915 or Virginia State Police at 1-800-822-4453.