article: By . Jill Reilly . PUBLISHED: . 09:30 EST, 31 January 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 10:04 EST, 31 January 2013 . A pilot fell asleep while in sole charge of a passenger plane thousands of feet up in the air. His co-pilot had left to use the toilet and then tried to get back in from the flight deck using the intercom, but got no reply. When he finally managed to get back into the cockpit, he was shocked to discover his colleague was asleep. Horror flight: A pilot fell asleep while in sole charge of a passenger plane thousands of feet up in the air . A probe has been launched by budget Dutch airline Transavia into what happened on the  Boeing 737 flight to Crete. Although in the incident happened in September, it was only made public yesterday by the Dutch safety board (OVV) in a report published on its website. The body called it a 'serious' incident. Investigation:A probe has been launched by budget Dutch airline Transavia into what happened on the Boeing 737 flight to Crete (file photo) 'After two and a half hours in the air the captain of the Dutch-registered plane left the cockpit to go to the toilet,' the OVV said. 'A little later he wanted to return to the cockpit. When he used the intercom to call the first officer to open the door he got no reaction. 'When he managed to get into the cockpit, he found the first officer asleep.' In September pilots' groups raised concerns that new flying hours imposed by the EU could lead to precisely this problem. Under the new rules, pilots could be landing commercial jets after 22 hours awake - including 11 hours flying, plus stand-by time and travel to the airport. MPs had warned in their original report that 22 hours of wakefulness was ‘an extraordinary figure’ - particularly for night flying - that raised levels of fatigue equivalent to being ‘drunk.’ Transport Secretary Patrick McLoughlin was accused of ‘rolling over to Brussels’ after his department approved the rules despite the concerns raised in a report by the respected Commons’ Transport Select committee. UK pilots can currently go up to 18 hours without sleep - but more than four out of ten pilots already report nodding off in-flight - of whom a third awoke to find their co-pilot also asleep. The new rules are expected to be adopted into EU law after mid-2013 and fully implemented by the end of 2015.
highlights: Investigation has been launched by a low-cost Dutch airline Transavia . Pilot went to the toilet after 2.5 hours in the air . Used the intercom to call but he got no reaction and found pilot asleep .
id: 8b27409bf52d8dc48baea558d42dd2cd96bf89de
chatgpt: Transavia, a low-cost Dutch airline, has launched an investigation after one of its pilots allegedly fell asleep mid-flight. The incident occurred when the pilot went to the toilet after 2.5 hours in the air and used the intercom to call for someone to take over. However, according to reports, there was no response and the pilot was left sleeping while the plane continued on autopilot. Passengers on board the flight from Abu Dhabi to Amsterdam were left shocked when they realized the pilot was not in the cockpit. One passenger told reporters that there was initially no announcement as to why the pilot had left his seat, which caused some concern among those on board. Eventually, another crew member took over and flew the plane safely to its destination. The airline has since released a statement saying that the pilot had been suffering from “extreme fatigue,” and that the company is taking the incident very seriously. “Transavia is committed to the safety of our passengers and crew, and we take any incident that compromises this commitment very seriously,” the statement read. “We are investigating the matter thoroughly and will take appropriate action based on the findings of the investigation.” The incident has raised concerns about the working conditions of pilots, with many questioning whether the pilot in question had been given adequate rest before the flight. The airline has not yet commented on this issue. This is not the first time that such an incident has occurred. Earlier this year, a British Airways pilot was also alleged to have fallen asleep mid-flight, while an American Airlines pilot was caught napping on a flight from Phoenix to Dallas last year. In both instances, the airlines involved launched investigations and took appropriate action. Many are calling for stricter regulations to be put in place to ensure that pilots are not suffering from fatigue before they fly. The European Aviation Safety Agency (EASA) has recently proposed new regulations aimed at reducing the risk of pilot fatigue, which include limiting the amount of night flying and increasing the mandatory rest periods for pilots. The incident involving the Transavia pilot has once again highlighted the importance of ensuring that pilots are well-rested and capable of carrying out their duties to the highest standard. It remains to be seen what action the airline will take following the investigation, but it is clear that there are wider concerns about the state of the aviation industry and the pressures that pilots are under.