article: A single charger will have to be compatible with all mobile phones after a vote in the European Parliament. MEPs want to ban the plethora of chargers for sale to cut down on electronic ‘clutter’. It would end the hassle of having to buy a separate charger when swapping phones or having to hunt for the right charger when a phone battery goes flat and you are nowhere near home. MEPs want to ban the plethora of chargers for sale to cut down on electronic ¿clutter¿. File picture . But the move could also create headaches for manufacturers, as the rule could be enforced as early as 2017. The European Union voted for it yesterday as part of a radio equipment directive, which was pushed by German MEP and socialist, Barbara Weiler. The Social Democrat, who is part of the socialist grouping in Brussels, said that it would also prevent interference between different radio equipment devices. The move, which could be enforced as early as 2017, may create headaches for manufacturers. File pictures . She added, ‘I am especially pleased that . we agreed on the introduction of a common charger. This serves the . interests both of consumers and the environment. It will put an end to . charger clutter and 51,000 tonnes of electronic waste annually.’ But critics warned the single charger rule would lead to red tape for business and could trigger higher charges for consumers. Paul Nuttall, Ukip’s deputy leader, said: ‘This is a backwards step because imposing a single charger stifles innovation, curbs research, and may impose extra costs on the consumer. The alternative and better action is to encourage diversity, competition and greater development. Paul Nuttall, Ukip¿s deputy leader, called the move a 'backwards step' that will stifle innovation . ‘The EU is hamstrung by the ideology of one-size-fits-all, be it economic policy, currency, fisheries policy and now even phone chargers. 'The UKIP alternative is to allow diversity to flourish and let the consumer, not the legislator or regulator decide.’ The draft law was approved by 550 votes to 12, with eight abstentions. It will still have to be formally approved by the Council of Europe made up of ministers from across the EU. Member states will have two years to put the rules into their national laws and manufacturers will have an additional year to comply. There are at least half a billion mobile phones in the EU. Most of them use different chargers, even if they are the same brand but a slightly different model. Experts estimate that there are some 30 different types of charger currently on the market. But phone makes such as Apple, Nokia, Motorola, Samsung, Sony Ericsson and ALCATEL have all signed an agreement to make their phones compatible with a single, USB style charger.
highlights: Move will eliminate 51,000 tonnes of electronic waste, said German MEP . But Ukip deputy leader says move will impose costs on consumer .
id: ad0d42351ab8c79884aedddc43c926bc3cf82a65
chatgpt: The European Parliament recently announced its plans to make mobile and other electronic devices more sustainable by introducing a single charger for all devices sold in the European Union. While German MEPs hailed the move as a step towards reducing electronic waste, the UKIP deputy leader claimed that the move would increase costs for the consumer. According to German MEP Barbara Weiler, the proposed legislation would eliminate approximately 51,000 tonnes of electronic waste resulting from the production of new chargers every year. She called upon the European Commission to bring the legislation forward and to make sure that it gets implemented in the EU. However, the move was criticized by UKIP deputy leader Paul Nuttall, who said that it would place additional burdens on consumers by forcing them to purchase new chargers that are compatible with their devices. While the MEPs agreed on the environmental benefits of the scheme, they could not come to a consensus about its impact on the public. This move is aimed at reducing the number of electronic waste generated by people who switch to new devices but keep using the old chargers. It is planned to introduce a single charger that would work across all devices, thus removing the need for people to keep a stockpile of different chargers for different devices. The new legislation would apply to all mobile devices and would cover all manufacturers, whether they are based in Europe or not. The proposed legislation is based on a similar scheme which was introduced in 2009 to standardize chargers for mobile phones. This scheme forced phone manufacturers to use a common charger to ensure that all new mobile devices were compatible with the same charging cable. The new scheme will reduce the amount of electronic waste produced by the European Union, thus reducing the environmental harm caused by electronic waste. According to a study by the European Commission, the average lifecycle of a mobile phone is around 18 months, but the chargers that come with them are used for only six months. This means that many chargers end up being discarded even though they could still be used. In conclusion, the European Parliament's announcement of a proposal to introduce a single charger for all electronic devices sold in the European Union has drawn a mixed response. While German MEPs consider it a step towards sustainability and reduction of environmental waste, UKIP deputy leader feels that it will only increase consumer costs. It remains to be seen how this proposal will play out in the coming months.