article: The new Defense Secretary  said that transgender Americans should not be kept from military service, explaining that the 'best people in our country' should be able to serve. Ashton Carter, who was sworn in as defense secretary last Tuesday, spoke during a town-hall meeting in Kandahar, part of a trip to Afghanistan. NBC News reports that Navy Lt Cmdr Jesse Ehrenfeld, a doctor, asked Carter about transgender soldiers trying to serve in an 'austere environment' such as Afghanistan. Openly serve: Ashton Carter, who was sworn in as defense secretary last Tuesday, said that there should not be prohibitions on trans Americans serving in the armed forces . 'We want to make our conditions and experience of service as attractive as possible to our best people in our country,' Carter said. 'I'm very open-minded about — otherwise about what their personal lives and proclivities are, provided they can do what we need them to do for us.' 'I don't think anything but their suitability for service should preclude them,' Carter added. The American Military Partner Association, which supports lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender families within the military, released a statement praising the comments. The organization also stated there was a need to examine 'outdated regulations that prevent the estimated 15,500 transgender service members currently in uniform from serving openly and honestly.' 'Thousands of transgender service members are currently doing the job, and doing it well, but are forced to do so in silence,' President of the AMPA Ashley Broadway-Mack said in a statement. Tour: Carter made the comments during a trip to Afghanistan, where American's troop presence has diminished after the 2014 drawdown . 'Forced to lie about something as fundamental as who they are in order to continue to serve.' Until last year, US service members could be dismissed for 'sexual and gender identity disorders,' according to the Palm Center, a think tank focused on issues of gender and sexuality. In August, the Defense Department eliminated the regulation, though Army, Navy and Air Force regulations still require transgender members to be discharged.
highlights: Ashton Carter, who was sworn in last Tuesday, made the comments during a trip to Afghanistan . The Defense Department eliminated a regulation that targeted those with 'sexual and gender identity disorders' for dismissal last August . The Army, Navy and Air Force still require transgender people to be dismissed from service . There are an estimated 15,500 transgender service members .
id: a00ef7b68eca87a9f13d365d762f4c2cff49207b
chatgpt: Ashton Carter, the new United States Defense Secretary, traveled to Afghanistan and spoke openly about the need for equality within the military. Carter, who was sworn in last Tuesday, expressed his support for transgender soldiers and criticized current regulations that require their dismissal. The Defense Department made a bold move last August by eliminating a regulation that targeted those with "sexual and gender identity disorders" for dismissal. However, the Army, Navy, and Air Force still require transgender service members to be discharged from service. Carter believes that this policy is discriminatory and unjust. He sees the value in diversity amongst the military and spoke passionately about the sacrifice that transgender service members make for their country. "We want to make sure that everybody who's able and willing to serve has the full and equal opportunity to do so," he said. The Defense Secretary acknowledged that there are an estimated 15,500 transgender service members in the military. These brave individuals serve their country with pride despite facing significant challenges such as discrimination and stigma. Carter recognizes that dismissal based on gender identity is unacceptable and goes against the values that the military represents. The fight for transgender rights has gained momentum in recent years, and the support of high-ranking officials such as Ashton Carter is crucial. The military plays a vital role in shaping society's values, and a change in its policies could have a ripple effect on the rest of the country. The Defense Department has been taking steps towards inclusivity and diversity, but there is still a lot of work to be done. Many regulations and policies need to be re-examined and changed to ensure equal opportunities for all military members. Carter's comments are a step in the right direction towards a more inclusive and just military. As transgender service members continue to serve their country, it is essential that they are given the respect and dignity that they deserve.