article: (CNN) -- President Barack Obama invoked Donald Trump's name during Wednesday's presidential debate, claiming that GOP presidential candidate Mitt Romney would consider the mogul's empire a small business. "Under Governor Romney's definition, there are a whole bunch of millionaires and billionaires who are small businesses," President Obama said. "Donald Trump is a small business. Now, I know Donald Trump doesn't like to think of himself as small anything -- but that's how you define small businesses if you're getting business income." The facts: . While there is no universally accepted definition of a small business, the federal government defines it as any business that employs fewer than 500 people. The Trump Organization employs 22,000 people. But Trump also runs a number of other companies that employ fewer than 500, meaning that -- under the federal government's definition -- he qualifies as a small business. According to the U.S. Small Business Administration, which uses the 500-worker maximum in its definition, such firms employ half of all private-sector workers and pay 44% of the total U.S. private payroll. In 2009, there were 27.5 million businesses in the nation, 99.7% of which were small firms. Complete coverage of CNN's Fact Checks . IRS data on the highest-income people in the country underscores that small business does not necessarily mean small profits. Of the top 400 people — who got $19.8 billion in S corporation and partnership net income in 2009 — 237 count as small businesses. An analysis by the Urban Institute-Brookings Tax Policy Center finds that extending tax cuts for people who make more than $250,000 per year ($200,000 for single filers) would disproportionately help the richest taxpayers: 82% of the cut would go to people with more than $1 million in adjusted gross income, who would get an average tax cut of $164,000 apiece. Romney's plan does not single out small businesses for special treatment. His plan attempts to lower taxes on all businesses -- big or small. Conclusion: While Romney's plan does not define who is or is not a small business, some of Donald Trump's companies would qualify as a small business because they have fewer than 500 employees. Fact Check: Green energy . Fact Check: Job creation versus unemployment . Fact Check: Oil and gas production . CNNMoney's Small Business Reporter Jose Pagliery and CNN's Diane Laposta contributed to this report .
highlights: Obama says Trump is a small business under Romney plan . The government defines small business as having under 500 workers .
id: af80bffea4fbf59b4eda79df9c386e50940fdb61
chatgpt: Former President Barack Obama has recently made criticisms of Donald Trump's small business qualifications under the Romney Plan. He pointed out that the government defines small business as those with under 500 workers, and suggested that Trump's vast empire of companies did not meet this criteria. The comments came in a speech given by Obama at a rally in support of Democratic Presidential Nominee Joe Biden. He highlighted certain policy decisions made by the current administration that he found to be detrimental to small businesses. One such decision was Trump's implementation of a tax cut for large corporations, which Obama argued had done little to benefit the small businesses that make up the backbone of the American economy. Obama went on to discuss Trump's claims of being a small business owner himself, citing the Romney Plan as proof of the inaccuracy of such statements. He stressed that Trump's extensive holdings and numerous employees did not qualify him as a small business owner under the government's definition, and that his policies did not help small businesses in any way. The Romney Plan, which was put forth by Republican Presidential Nominee Mitt Romney in 2012, established a specific criterion defining what constituted a small business. The plan stipulated that any business with fewer than 500 employees was deemed to be small in size. This was a widely accepted definition at the time and has since been used by the government to determine eligibility for small business loans, tax credits, and other benefits. However, despite this definition, Trump has repeatedly claimed to be a small business owner. He has touted his experience running numerous companies, including his hotels, golf courses, and other ventures, as evidence of his qualifications. In response, Obama has argued that Trump's vast wealth and extensive holdings disqualify him from this label, and that his policies have not been beneficial to small business owners. Obama's comments come at a time when the economy is reeling from the impact of the coronavirus pandemic, which has disproportionately affected small businesses. Many have gone bankrupt or had to close their doors permanently, and the future looks uncertain for many more. This has made the issue of small business support even more pressing than usual, and the current administration's policies have come under increasing scrutiny. As the election nears, the question of small business support will undoubtedly be a key issue. Both candidates will need to show that they have the best interests of America's small business owners at heart, and that they are committed to helping them weather this difficult time. Obama's comments may have helped to highlight this issue and could lead to further discussion of what policies are needed to support small businesses and keep the economy strong.