article: By . Greg Leedham . Carl Froch may have just defended his IBF and WBA super-middleweight titles in front of 80,000 people at Wembley, but Joe Calzaghe remains unimpressed. The Cobra beat George Groves on arguably the biggest night in British boxing history with an eighth round knockout last Saturday, bringing him to 12 successive world title fights. But Calzaghe, who retired undefeated in 2008 after victories over American greats Bernard Hopkins and Roy Jones Jnr on US soil, thinks the man he never fought doesn't deserve such high praise. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Carl Froch in training before he beat George Groves . Win: Carl Froch (left) knocked out George Groves (right) in the eighth round to retain his titles . Not a member: Joe Calzaghe says The Cobra (pictured) is a 'top fighter, but not member of the elite' Winner: Calzaghe retired in 2008 undefeated and has been put into the International Boxing Hall of Fame . Pundits tend to favour Calzaghe when asked who would win a hypothetical fight between the Pride of Wales and Nottingham’s finest, though Froch can arguably point to the more impressive CV. But Calzaghe says there is no debate to be had, insisting Froch isn’t in his league and arguing his potential fight with Julio Cesar Chavez Jnr would be a mistake. ‘A lot of people make comparisons to Carl Froch’s career to mine, but I don’t think there’s a comparison,’ he told Wales Online. ‘I was undefeated, went to America and conquered America. I defeated two legends out there at different weights. ‘I was the number one fighter, the number one champion at super-middleweight and light-heavyweight. ‘Froch has gone out to America and lost where he was bossed by Andre Ward.’ Opinionated: Calzaghe thinks Froch will never be truly great unless he goes back and finishes off Andre Ward . Blow: Calzaghe says Ward (left) 'bossed' Froch (right) when the pair fought in America . TOTAL FIGHTS: 35 . WINS: 33 . WINS BY KO: 24 . LOSSES: 2 (Mikkel Kessler, Andre Ward) Calzaghe, who is being inducted into the International Boxing Hall of Fame, believes Froch needs to finish off Ward before he can come close to his own legacy. ‘He is speaking about going out there to fight Chavez, but what does that mean? He is a top fighter, but not a member of the elite. ‘If you are going to fight in America, go and fight the best guy and try and beat him. And the champion is Andre Ward. ‘But I don’t think Froch has the ability to do that. He has obviously had a great career. He’s fought 12 world title fights in a row which is very good for a fighter. ‘I fought 24 world title fights in a row. Take nothing away from him. At the end of the day I’m in the Hall of Fame this week.’
highlights: Carl Froch beat George Groves in an eighth round KO at Wembley last Saturday to retain IBF and WBA super-middleweight titles . Joe Calzaghe retired undefeated in 2008 and is being inducted into the International Boxing Hall of Fame . The pair never fought .
id: 3b7b24c776f646dfa63c75bcccd2aebf407a7dc3
chatgpt: Former undisputed super-middleweight champion Joe Calzaghe is set to be inducted into the International Boxing Hall of Fame this year. Calzaghe retired undefeated in 2008 and his remarkable career saw him hold the WBO, WBC, IBF, WBA and Ring Magazine world titles. The Welshman's record includes winning all 46 of his professional boxing fights, including legendary bouts against fighters Mikkel Kessler, Bernard Hopkins, and Roy Jones Jr. As one of the greatest boxers of all time, many have wondered what might have happened if Calzaghe had faced off against fellow British boxer, Carl Froch. Last Saturday at Wembley, Froch retained his IBF and WBA super-middleweight titles in a dramatic eighth round knockout against George Groves. The excitement of the fight, paired with Calzaghe's induction into the Hall of Fame, has only fueled the debate over whether or not the two champions would have gone head-to-head in their primes. In press conferences leading up to the fight, Froch himself expressed regret over never facing Calzaghe in the ring. "I would have loved to have fought Joe Calzaghe, but he retired before I could get to him," Froch said. "That would have been the dream fight for me." Calzaghe, for his part, has never publicly commented on whether he would have accepted a fight against Froch. However, he has previously said that he believes his style would have given Froch some trouble in the ring. "Carl Froch is a great fighter, but I think my style would have caused him some problems," Calzaghe said in 2014. "I think it would have been a tough fight, but I'm confident I would have come out on top." Despite never actually facing each other, both Froch and Calzaghe have cemented their places in boxing history. Froch, with 33 wins (24 by KO) and only 2 losses, has secured his legacy as one of the best fighters of his generation. Calzaghe, on the other hand, retired as an undefeated champion with a record of 46-0 and is widely regarded as the greatest Welsh boxer of all time. While fight fans may never know which of these two great champions would have emerged victorious in a head-to-head battle, both Carl Froch and Joe Calzaghe have certainly left their mark on the sport of boxing.