article: The first Ebola patient diagnosed in the United States is now in critical condition, Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital in Dallas said on Saturday. Thomas Eric Duncan, who was diagnosed on Sunday, had previously been described as being in serious condition. He is being treated in an isolation ward. Scroll down for video . Getting worse: Thomas Eric Duncan (above) is now in critical condition in a Texas hospital . Sanitizing: A Hazmat team arrived on Thursday to clean Duncan's apartment (above) Duncan had helped transport a pregnant woman suffering from Ebola to a hospital in Liberia, where she was turned away for lack of space. He then helped bring the woman back to her family's home and carried her into the house, where she later died. Four other men who had contact with the woman, whose name is believed to be Marthalene Williams, died soon after as well. Four days later Duncan flew to the United States, lying on his questionnaire about having any contact with an infected person before he left Liberia. There are still roughly 50 people being monitored after having come into contact with Duncan, 10 of whom are considered at 'high risk.' The disease can hide in the human system for up to 21 days. High risk: An unidentified  man and a woman  are seen leaving Duncan's apartment building . This all comes as CDC officials rushed to Newark Airport earlier today to meet a man on a flight from Brussels who was vomiting and 'showing signs of Ebola.' That man, who was also believed to have been from Liberia, was ultimately found to be not contagious according to ABC News.
highlights: Thomas Eric Duncan, who was previously in serious condition, is now in critical condition at a Dallas, Texas, hospital . It is believed he contracted Ebola after transporting a pregnant woman suffering from the disease to a hospital in Liberia . Duncan lied about having contact with anyone suffering from the disease on a questionnaire when he left Liberia .
id: c08bccfaa80a982202aeb9b9d8ce689a67f3da96
chatgpt: Thomas Eric Duncan, the Liberian man who was the first person to be diagnosed with Ebola in the United States, is now in critical condition at a Dallas, Texas, hospital. Previously in serious condition, his condition has worsened since his hospitalization. Duncan is believed to have contracted Ebola after transporting a pregnant woman suffering from the disease to a hospital in Liberia. It is known that Duncan lied about having contact with anyone suffering from the disease on a questionnaire when he left Liberia. The case has raised numerous concerns about the response to the Ebola outbreak in West Africa, and the screening procedures at airports in the United States. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) has since issued guidelines to airports on how to screen passengers for the disease. According to the guidelines, passengers from Ebola-affected countries have their temperatures taken and must fill out questionnaires. However, health officials say that Duncan was not displaying symptoms of the virus when he left Liberia and that he was therefore not contagious. Thomas Eric Duncan was visiting family in Dallas when he developed symptoms of Ebola. He was later admitted to Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital in Dallas, where he remains in critical condition. The hospital has since been working to isolate and treat those who may have come into contact with the infected man. The case has also sparked fears among the public, with some people calling for more stringent measures to be put in place to prevent the spread of the deadly virus in the United States. Health officials have stressed that the risk of an Ebola outbreak in the United States is very low, and that the virus is not easily transmitted like the flu or the common cold. The Ebola outbreak, which began in Guinea in December 2013, has so far claimed more than 4,000 lives in West Africa. The World Health Organization has warned that as many as 10,000 new cases of the disease could be reported per week in the coming months.