article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 05:22 EST, 1 February 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 05:23 EST, 1 February 2013 . A would-be terrorist has been found guilty of trying to blow up a crowded Christmas tree-lighting ceremony in Oregon. Somali-born Mohamed Osman Mohamud was convicted of trying to use a weapon of mass destruction following his attempt to detonate a bomb at the festive event in Portland in November 2010. Former Oregon State University student Mohamud, 21, is facing a potential life sentence after a jury returned a guilty verdict following less than seven hours of deliberations. Guilty: Mohamud is facing a life sentence after being found guilty of trying to detonate a bomb at a packed Christmas tree-lighting ceremony in Portland in 2010 . Mohamud, who was 19 at the time of the incident, was arrested after he tried to use a cell phone to trigger what he believed was a car bomb, but was actually a harmless device supplied by FBI agents posing as operatives for Islamist extremists. The fake bomb was planted in a van near a downtown square crowded with thousands of people gathered for the seasonal festivities. Dummy: The bomb Mohamud tried to detonate was actually a fake device given to him by FBI agents posing as Islamic extremists . Mohamud's defence lawyer, who had . argued that his client was a victim of government entrapment and would . never have tried to carry out the bombing on his own, has said he will . appeal and seek a 'substantially reduced' sentence for the 21-year-old, . according to a report in The Oregonian. 'We're disappointed with the verdict... we obviously thought he was entrapped,' said Stephen Sady. U.S. Attorney Amanda Marshall said: 'This trial provided a rare glimpse into the techniques al-Qaeda employs to radicalize home-grown extremists.' Mohamed Osman Mohamud's attorney Stephen R. Sady speaks to reporters . The FBI had been keeping tabs on Mohamud for almost a year when agents were given the go ahead to . investigate the naturalised U.S. citizen, following which two undercover . agents were tasked with posing as Al Qaeda operatives and befriending . Mohamud. A series of meetings followed during . the period from July 30 2010 to November 26 2010, when agents presented . Mohamud with a fake bomb for him to 'detonate' by pressing the keypad of . a cell phone at that night's event at Pioneer Courthouse Square. When Mohamud twice pressed the button . to detonate the device from his position in the passenger seat of an . SUV parked about 1,000 yards from the square, he was arrested by a team . of FBI agents. Mohamud's lawyers said in court documents that while Mohamud had pushed the button, he realises what he did was wrong. 'He deeply regrets his actions, and is humiliated and ashamed for what he said and did,' the documents said. Mohamud is due to be sentenced on May 14.
highlights: Mohamed Osman Mohamud found guilty of trying to bomb festive event . Bomb was a fake given to him by FBI agents posing as Al Qaeda operatives . Somali-born 21-year-old expected to be handed a life sentence .
id: 489a6936e51d6b099d6c2f0b05032cb51b29a913
chatgpt: In a trial that lasted for three weeks, a jury has found Somali-born Mohamed Osman Mohamud guilty of attempting to bomb a festive event in Portland, Oregon in 2010. The 21-year-old had unknowingly planned the attack with FBI agents who were posing as Al Qaeda operatives. Mohamud's plan was to detonate a bomb, which he believed would kill thousands of people attending the event. However, the bomb was a fake, and FBI agents had been in control of the entire operation. The agents had been working with Mohamud since 2009, monitoring his online activities and communication with Al Qaeda operatives. During the trial, the defense argued that Mohamud had been unfairly entrapped by the FBI. They suggested that the agents had pushed him towards carrying out the attack and preyed on his lack of experience and knowledge. However, the jury ultimately rejected this argument and found Mohamud guilty of attempting to use a weapon of mass destruction. After the verdict was announced, U.S. Attorney Billy J. Williams praised the verdict and described the case as an "excellent example of the cooperation between law enforcement agencies to prevent terrorism." Meanwhile, Mohamud's family expressed their disappointment with the verdict, insisting that their son had been set up by the FBI. Mohamud now faces a life sentence for his attempted attack. U.S. District Judge Garr M. King is set to sentence him later this year and will have the final say on his sentence. The judge will consider factors such as Mohamud's criminal history, his behavior during the trial, and the impact of his actions on the community. The trial of Mohamed Osman Mohamud has been closely watched by many, particularly those invested in the fight against terrorism. It has been cited as an example of the methods used by law enforcement agencies to prevent attacks and has raised questions about the ethics of using undercover operations to catch would-be terrorists. Regardless of the controversy surrounding the case, one thing is certain: Mohamed Osman Mohamud will likely spend the rest of his life behind bars. As the U.S. continues to grapple with the threat of terrorism, it is clear that cases such as this one will continue to play a significant role in how the country approaches its national security.