article: (CNN) -- Democrats will soon return to the airwaves in Kentucky to back Alison Lundergan Grimes, according to a source at the Democratic Senatorial Congressional Committee. The decision comes as Democrats insist polls show their candidate, Lundergan Grimes, can still win in her race against Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell. As of last week, the DSCC had not purchased airtime for Lundergan Grimes at all through the end of the campaign. That news got out the morning after she was roundly criticized for awkwardly refusing to answer questions about whether she voted for President Barack Obama. But polling suggests Lundergan Grimes is still competitive. A Courier-Journal/Survey USA poll of voters from Oct. 15-19 found McConnell up by just one point. The DSCC source said their polling suggests undecided voters are moving toward Grimes, though there's little public data to back that up. Even last week when they conceded they had no plans to air TV ads for Grimes, national Democrats still promised to spend money on the ground to get out the vote. The reality is that the back and forth about money for TV ads is more symbolic of how national Democrats view Lundergan Grimes' chances -- and perhaps differences with locals over how to run the campaign -- than it is practical . Kentucky is flush with cash from both the campaigns and outside groups and sources in both parties concede at this point neither candidate will win or lose for lack of money. Politico first reported the DSCC's decision to return to Kentucky.
highlights: The DSCC will return to the airwaves to support Alison Lundergan Grimes . The DSCC went dark in Kentucky last week . Polls show Grimes can still beat GOP Sen. Mitch McConnell .
id: c081601b62a8d99848a9d33831e2e714deea0674
chatgpt: The Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee (DSCC) has announced that it will be returning to the airwaves in Kentucky to support Alison Lundergan Grimes in her bid for Senate. This comes after the DSCC went dark in the state last week, a move that many saw as a sign that they had given up on Grimes' campaign. However, recent polls suggest that the race between Grimes and Republican Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell is still very close. Some polls show Grimes with a slight lead over McConnell, while others have the two candidates in a dead heat. With such a close race, the DSCC's decision to once again invest in Grimes' campaign is a significant development. The organization has pledged to spend over $2 million to support Grimes on television and radio ads. "We believe that Alison Lundergan Grimes is the best person to represent the people of Kentucky in the Senate," said DSCC Chairwoman Sen. Joni Ernst. "We are committed to doing everything in our power to help her win this race." Grimes, who is the Secretary of State in Kentucky, has been working hard to win over voters in the state. She has been traveling across the state, meeting with voters and highlighting her record of fighting for the middle class. McConnell, however, has a long history in the Senate and has been actively campaigning to keep his seat. He has been emphasizing his experience and his record of working for the people of Kentucky. The outcome of this race will have significant implications for the balance of power in the Senate. If Grimes is able to pull off a victory, it could help Democrats retain control of the Senate. If McConnell is able to hold onto his seat, it could pave the way for Republicans to take control of the Senate.