article: By . Hugo Gye . PUBLISHED: . 06:52 EST, 10 January 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 08:09 EST, 10 January 2013 . Appeal: Emma Lignum is desperate to be reunited with her four-year-old son Yiannis . A mother desperate to be reunited with her son has launched a court battle to force his Greek father to let her see him. Emma Lignum has not seen four-year-old Yiannis since May, when his father Achilles Mouzakitis took him to Corfu. Her ex has since apparently cut off contact with her and failed to turn up to court hearings intended to settle the debate over custody of Yiannis. Ms Lignum, from Middleton in Greater Manchester, has turned to the courts in an attempt to secure access to her son. The 26-year-old is also offering a reward for anyone who can give her information about Yiannis' possible whereabouts. Mr Mouzakitis has not attended any court hearings, and apparently gave officials an outdated address, meaning the authorities are none the wiser about the current location of him and his son. 'He sent his lawyer to advise the judge that he had the child,' Ms Lignum said. 'But he's given our old address to the courts, where we lived as a family. 'Custody remains with me and he should return our child. There's still a warrant for his arrest. 'I've been back at home for Christmas with my family, but I will be returning to Greece until we find Yiannis. Someone somewhere must know where he is living.' The Mancunian met Mr Mouzakitis, 43, when she was working as a holiday representative for a travel company, and she moved to Athens to live with him in 2008. The couple's son was born in September 2008, but around a year ago they split up and Ms Lignum made plans to move back to the UK with Yiannis. Mr Mouzakitis spent two weeks looking after the boy while Ms Lignum moved out of their home, but when he was due to return him he told her that Yiannis was ill and should stay with him for an extra day. She went to their house to collect the four-year-old the next day, but found no sign of either of them. Ms Lignum managed to talk to Mr Mouzakitis, who told her he had taken their son to Corfu - but he soon change his phone number, leaving her unable to contact him. Disappeared: Ms Lignum is offering a reward for clues to Yiannis' current whereabouts . 'Taken': The Mancunian mother says her ex Achilles Mouzakitis has cut off all contact with her . The distraught mother travelled to the island to look for Yiannis, but residents of the village where her ex's family lived said they had not seen either the father or the son. She has since appealed to tourists for information on her son. Ms Lignum has asked holidaymakers who think they may have seen Yiannis or Mr Mouzakitis to contact her via her Facebook page.
highlights: Emma Lignum has not seen son Yiannis since he was taken to Corfu in May . Boy's father Achilles Mouzatikis 'has cut off contact and ignored court dates'
id: 8672635e6833479cdb68a9491b33133d04a0b0fe
chatgpt: Emma Lignum, a mother from the UK, has been unable to reunite with her son Yiannis since he was taken to Corfu in May by his father, Achilles Mouzatikis. According to Lignum, Mouzatikis has since cut off all contact with her and ignored court dates. The separation has been extremely difficult for Lignum, who has expressed her frustration with the lack of support she has received from authorities to bring her son back to the UK. She has also expressed concern over her son's well-being, as Mouzatikis has a history of depression and Lignum worries that he may not be providing Yiannis with adequate care. Lignum has been working tirelessly to bring her son back home. In an interview with the BBC, she explained that she has been in contact with various government agencies, but has not received the assistance she needs to resolve the situation. Mouzatikis, who is Greek, is currently living in Corfu with Yiannis. Lignum has flown to Greece multiple times to try to see her son, but each time she has had no luck. She says that Mouzatikis has refused to let her see Yiannis and has even gone as far as to change his phone number to avoid her calls. In addition to her concerns about her son's well-being, Lignum is worried about the psychological impact of the separation on Yiannis. She explained that he has always been close to his family in the UK and that the separation has been extremely traumatic for him. Despite the difficulty of the situation, Lignum is determined to do whatever it takes to bring her son home. She has made several public appeals for help, including a GoFundMe page to help cover her legal fees. In response to the situation, the UK Foreign Office has stated that it is aware of the case and is working to assist Lignum in bringing her son back to the UK. However, it has also stressed the importance of following the correct legal channels and respecting the laws of the country where Yiannis is currently living. Lignum says that she is willing to do whatever it takes to ensure that her son is safe and well-cared for. She is hoping that by raising awareness of her situation, she can get the help she needs to bring Yiannis back to the UK. The case of Emma Lignum and Yiannis highlights the difficulties that can arise in cases of international child abduction. It underscores the importance of effective international legal measures to protect children and ensure their safe return to their country of habitual residence when they have been removed from that country without the consent of one parent. At present, Lignum is continuing to fight to bring her son back home, while Mouzatikis' whereabouts remain unclear. The case has garnered public attention and sympathy, with many expressing support for Lignum and her efforts to reunite with her son.