article: Washington (CNN) -- The Federal Aviation Administration said Friday that it is looking into allegations that passengers onboard singer Justin Bieber's charter flight last week interfered with the flight crew. Under FAA regulations, "No person may assault, threaten, intimidate, or interfere with a crew member in the performance of the crew member's duties aboard an aircraft." According to a law enforcement sources, Bieber and his father were "extremely abusive verbally" to a flight attendant during a flight on the chartered Gulfstream IV aircraft from Ontario, Canada, to Teterboro Airport in New Jersey last Friday in advance of the Super Bowl. Justin Bieber and his father refused a pilot's repeated warnings to stop smoking pot on the flight, according to a report by U.S. Customs and Border Protection, which was read to CNN. The pilots asked the flight attendant to remain in the cockpit to protect her from the alleged abusive behavior, the report says. Law enforcement sources told CNN that the pilots donned oxygen masks to keep them from inhaling the pot smoke. The pilots were concerned the smoke would result in them failing drug tests, law enforcement sources told CNN. After the jet landed at Teterboro, federal agents from CBP, the Drug Enforcement Administration and Immigration and Customs Enforcement said they detected the odor of marijuana, which prompted a search by drug-sniffing dogs, the source said. No drugs were found, a law enforcement source told CNN. Bieber, 19, a citizen of Canada living in the United States on a work visa, was detained by border agents for several hours of questioning to determine if he was admissible to the United States. Bieber and his entourage of 10 were granted re-entry. Authorities said both civil and criminal statutes prohibit passengers from interfering with the a flight crew in the performance of their duties. Under a civil statute, violators face penalties of $11,000 to $27,500, the FAA said. Under a criminal statute, violators face a maximum of 20 years in prison and fines up to $250,000. It is not clear how the case came to the FAA's attention. The agency declined to say whether they were alerted by complaints from the pilots, by media reports, or by the investigating CBP officers or others. In a statement to CNN on Friday, the FAA said it is "looking into allegations" that passengers on the plane interfered with the flight crew, but it did not identify specific passengers. A representative for the pop star had no comment Friday night. Bieber has had several encounters with law enforcement authorities in recent months. He was recently arrested in Toronto, accused of assaulting his limousine driver in December. He also faces charges of drunken driving, resisting arrest and driving on an expired license after being stopped by police in Miami Beach, Florida, last month. The Los Angeles County district attorney is considering whether to charge Bieber with felony vandalism in the egging of his neighbor's house on January 9, 2014. CNN's Susan Candiotti contributed to this report.
highlights: Sources say Bieber and his father were "extremely abusive verbally" to flight attendant . The pilots reportedly donned oxygen masks to prevent inhaling marijuana smoke . Civil and criminal statutes prohibit interfering with a flight crew in its duties . A Bieber rep has no comment .
id: bfa03a64e5492b549a047abc6119006294ec559e
chatgpt: Canadian pop star Justin Bieber and his father, Jeremy Bieber, are in hot water after reportedly mistreating a flight attendant aboard a private plane last week. According to sources, the incident took place on a flight from Canada to New Jersey on Friday, January 29. Witnesses on the plane said that Bieber and his father were "extremely abusive verbally" to the flight attendant throughout the flight. The attendant reportedly asked the pair to stop smoking marijuana on the flight, but they refused. The pilots on the flight then reportedly donned oxygen masks in order to protect themselves from inhaling the smoke. In the United States, civil and criminal statutes prohibit interfering with a flight crew in its duties. This includes acts such as smoking tobacco or marijuana, using electronic devices during takeoff or landing, and verbally or physically abusing flight attendants or other crew members. It is unclear whether or not Bieber and his father will face charges related to the incident, but legal experts say that they could potentially face both civil and criminal charges. The Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) is currently investigating the incident. A representative for Bieber declined to comment on the incident when reached by reporters. However, the incident has generated a significant amount of buzz on social media, with many fans and critics alike voicing their opinions on the matter. Some have defended Bieber, saying that he is still young and may have made a mistake. Others, however, have criticized the behavior, saying that it is unacceptable for anyone to mistreat a flight attendant or engage in illegal activities on a plane. This is not the first time that Bieber has been in trouble with the law. In 2014, he was arrested for driving under the influence, resisting arrest, and driving with an expired license. He has also faced allegations of assault and vandalism in recent years. Despite these incidents, Bieber has maintained a large and loyal fan base. He has sold over 150 million records worldwide and has won numerous awards throughout his career. However, the recent incident on the private plane may cause some fans to question their support for the star. Some have already taken to social media to express their disappointment and anger over the incident. In any case, it is clear that Bieber and his father will need to face the consequences of their actions on the flight. Whether or not they will be punished severely, however, remains to be seen. The FAA is expected to release more information about the investigation in the coming days.