article: By . Freya Noble For Daily Mail Australia . A young Sydney man has been suspended from his job and is 'scared to leave' his house after a hate-filled rant threatening those who do not follow Islam was posted from his Facebook account. The 22-year-old allegedly threatened to 'cut the throats' of any Australian who opposes Islam, and said the nation is headed towards a third world war. He also apparently wrote that 'aussie dogs' should convert before its too late otherwise they will be forced to suffer the 'wrath' of the religion. Scroll down for video . A Sydney man who threatened to 'cut the throats' of Australians who oppose Islam in a hateful Facebook post said he did not write the comments and was hacked . However the Sydney Trains employee told Nine News he did not post the comments to the anti-Islam Facebook page Australian Defence League, and he is now a target himself. 'It's thrown my whole world out of balance', the non-practicing Muslim told the program. 'It's scary, I'm scared to leave my house.' The man, who was not identified out of fears for his safety, was suspended from his job as a customer service representative after his employer was alerted to the post, which warned all opponents of Islam 'will perish in the fiery pits of hell'. The man has been suspended from his job at Sydney Trains and police have been notified . The 22-year-old said he is receiving death threats and is scared to leave his home . Upon discovering the post the young man, from Sydney's west, said he was caught completely off guard before the fear of his account being hacked and the confusion over who wrote the comments set in. 'My reaction was shock, complete shock. The thought of it still makes my heart sink. I'm Australian as can be,' he told Nine News. Following the tirade the 22-year-old said he has received a torrent of hate, with people threatening to cut his throat or put a bullet in his head. The man insists he did not write the hate-filled tirade and is scared for his safety after his account was 'hacked' He said he was in shock after he discovered the post, which was written on the Facebook page of anti-Islam group Australian Defence League . Sydney Trains have launched a full investigation into the incident and NSW Police have also been alerted. 'Sydney Trains expects our staff to behave in a courteous, respectful and lawful manner at all times. There are serious consequences if a staff member is found to have breached the guidelines that are currently in place, aside from any action taken by the police', a spokesperson told the program. The president of the Australian Defence League said despite the man denying he posted the comments, he believes they definitely came from him and his page simply reposted them. Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
highlights: Sydney man allegedly threatened to 'cut the throats' of opponents of Islam . Said the post on Facebook did not come from him and account was hacked . Has been suspended from his job and police are investigating . The 22-year-old is scared to leave his house after receiving death threats .
id: d2a6aad91e75dd12ce9ccaa89e1051b3223628ad
chatgpt: A Sydney man has allegedly made a threatening post on Facebook, saying that he would "cut the throats" of those who were against Islam. He claims that his account was hacked and that he did not make the post himself. The man has been suspended from his job, and the police are now investigating the matter. The 22-year-old man, who has not been named, has reportedly been receiving death threats since the incident occurred. He is said to be scared to leave his house and is taking precautions to ensure his safety. While the police investigate the matter, the man's family is urging people not to jump to conclusions and to wait for the results of the investigation. The incident has caused widespread outrage, with many people calling for the man to be punished for his alleged comments. It has also sparked a debate about the use of social media and the responsibility that comes with it. Many people believe that individuals should be held accountable for the things they say online and that there should be consequences for those who use social media to spread hate speech. The man's employer has released a statement saying that they take the matter seriously and that the man has been suspended pending the outcome of the investigation. They went on to say that they do not condone any kind of hate speech or violence and that they are committed to creating a safe and inclusive workplace for all employees. The police have not yet released any details about the investigation, but they have confirmed that they are looking into the matter. They urge anyone with information about the incident to come forward and assist with their investigation. In recent years, there have been numerous incidents involving threats and hate speech online. As social media continues to grow in popularity, it is becoming more important to address these issues and to ensure that individuals are held accountable for their actions online. Many people are calling for more regulation of social media platforms to prevent hate speech and other harmful content from being spread online. Others argue that individuals should take responsibility for their own actions and that it is up to them to use social media in a responsible manner. Regardless of where you stand on the issue, it is clear that incidents like this are becoming all too common. As we continue to navigate the complex world of social media, it is important to remember that our actions online can have real-world consequences and that we should all strive to use social media in a positive and respectful way.