article: By . Zoe Szathmary . and Alexandra Klausner . A California teenager experienced who had a cardiac arrest and collapsed during a tennis lesson on July 8 died on Wednesday afternoon. Morgan Wilson, 17, of Anaheim was hospitalized at UC Irvine Medical Center after running and lies in a medically-induced coma, according to NBCLosAngeles. Wilson fell at Anaheim Tennis Center. She previously showed no signs of illness and was otherwise healthy. 'Morgan was a strong and passionate girl who loved life,' her parents Scott and Debbie Wilson said in a statement. 'She was positive and a role model for others.' Scroll down for video . Dead: Morgan Wilson, left. was medically-induced coma after she experienced cardiac arrest on July 8 and she died yesterday . Morgan Wilson was a member of her school's track team and was also the president of the tennis team. She was loved by all who knew her. Wilson's parents believe that their daughter would have survived had someone known how to properly perform CPR. NBC Los Angeles reports that Wilson's parents believe she could have been saved had someone known how to perform CPR. 'No family should have to go through the loss of a child,' they said. 'We believe that Morgan's life could have been saved had CPR been administered in a timely fashion.' Morgan Wilson is an organ donor and her family said that they are working with a non-profit to donate her organs to someone in need. Prior to her untimely death, family and friends gathered to offer their support at a tennis court vigil on July 10. They were hopeful she'd pull through. Success: Wilson was a member of both the tennis and track teams at her high school and also reportedly has a 4.2GPA . Father: Scott Rowland, pictured, said his daughter's collapse has 'just totally blown us away' 'She's a . stud,' her father Scott Rowland told NBC. 'She is a strong girl, and so . for something like this to happen, it's just totally blown us away.' Wilson's sister Katelyn Wilson shared words of support for her sister. 'I just want everybody to know that she's surrounded with love,' she told the affiliate station. Wilson . was a star athlete at Esperanza High School in Anaheim - she belongs to . both the tennis and track teams - and has a 4.2GPA, according to KTLA. 'I think that she can pull through this one too,' vigil organizer and former tennis teammate Alexa Lanning told KTLA. Wilson's supporters have used Twitter to share messages of hope with the hashtag campaign '#prayformorgan', the station reported. 'I've been woken up to some horrible newss...#prayformorgan ðŸ’•' a Twitter user wrote. 'hearing about Morgan on the news makes my stomach knot up #prayformorgan,' another supporter said.
highlights: Morgan Wilson, 17, died on Wednesday following a cardiac arrestÂ . Wilson's parents believe that she would have survived had someone known CPR . Wilson collapsed on July 8 at Anaheim Tennis Center . Wilson is a star athlete at Esperanza High School and has a 4.2GPA .
id: d998f372e42d0a4a075ba55004138349b3e0eb4f
chatgpt: On Wednesday, the Anaheim community mourned the loss of 17-year-old Morgan Wilson who tragically died following a cardiac arrest. Wilson, a beloved student at Esperanza High School, was a star athlete and maintained an impressive 4.2 GPA.  According to Wilson's parents, they believe their daughter would still be alive if someone had known CPR at the time of her collapse on July 8 at the Anaheim Tennis Center. Despite the efforts of paramedics, Wilson was unable to be revived and passed away at the hospital.  The news of Wilson's passing has left her loved ones and the community in shock. Her athletic accomplishments and academic achievements made her a highly regarded member of the school and the city itself. The Esperanza Aztecs' official Twitter account posted a message of condolence: "We are deeply saddened by the passing of our beloved student, Morgan Wilson. Our thoughts and prayers are with her family and friends during this difficult time." The sudden loss of Wilson has sparked a conversation about the importance of CPR training and its potential to save lives. According to the American Heart Association, hands-only CPR can double or even triple the chances of survival for someone experiencing a cardiac arrest. Many in the community are calling for increased CPR training and education to prevent similar tragedies from occurring. A GoFundMe page has been created in Wilson's memory to support the American Heart Association and their efforts to provide CPR education to the public. Wilson's parents have also expressed their desire to see CPR become more widely taught in schools and beyond. In a statement, they said, "We hope that Morgan's story will raise awareness about the importance of CPR training and ultimately save lives. We never want another family to go through what we are experiencing right now." As the community continues to grieve, Wilson's legacy as a talented athlete and exceptional student will live on. The Anaheim Tennis Center plans to hold a memorial tournament in her honor, and her school will retire her jersey number as a tribute to her impact on the Esperanza High School community. In a time of sorrow, Wilson's passion for life and commitment to excellence serve as a reminder of the power of the human spirit. Her memory will be forever cherished by those fortunate enough to have known her.