article: (CNN) -- They've met in three of the past four men's grand slam finals but after Thursday's draw, Andy Murray and Novak Djokovic can't face each other on the last day of tennis' U.S. Open. World No. 1 Djokovic and Murray, a winner in two of the last three majors he has played in, were placed in the same half of the draw while giants Rafael Nadal and Roger Federer could meet in the quarterfinals. Murray ended Britain's 76-year wait for a men's singles winner at a grand slam and opened his own grand slam account when he toppled Djokovic in the 2012 final in New York. Murray potentially must beat Djokovic and Nadal to repeat -- and he has never overcome the duo in the same fortnight at a major. Nadal's recent surge -- he claimed back-to-back titles in Montreal and Cincinnati leading into New York -- and Murray's slump since capturing Wimbledon saw the Spaniard reclaim the No. 2 ranking. As a result, Nadal and Djokovic couldn't be put in the same section. If the seedings hold, Nadal would battle not Murray but David Ferrer in the semifinals. Nadal owns a 20-4 record versus his countryman but has had it tougher against Murray, 13-5. While 12-time grand slam champion Nadal and 17-time winner Federer have tangled in the finals at the three other majors, they have never faced off in any round at the U.S. Open. Nadal downed Federer in three sets in the quarterfinals of the Cincinnati Masters last week and is unbeaten on hard courts this season. Knee troubles ruled him out of Flushing Meadows in 2012. At No. 7, Federer is at his lowest ranking in 11 years. Williams, Azarenka lead women's field . In the women's draw, world No. 1 Serena Williams and No. 2 Victoria Azarenka appear to be on a collision course, especially since Maria Sharapova pulled out of the tournament due to a shoulder injury. Azarenka has played in the past three hard-court grand slam finals, winning the Australian Open twice and losing a heartbreaker to Williams at the 2012 U.S. Open. She couldn't serve out the match. Azarenka edged Williams in Cincinnati on Sunday in a third-set tiebreak. In an intriguing first-round encounter, Williams begins against Francesca Schiavone. Although the Italian is slumping, she, too, is a grand slam champion and reached the U.S. Open quarterfinals three years ago.
highlights: Novak Djokovic could meet Andy Murray in the semifinals at the U.S. Open . Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal face a potential quarterfinal showdown in New York . Serena Williams begins against another grand slam winner, Francesca Schiavone . Former winner Maria Sharapova pulled out of the tournament with a shoulder injury .
id: 6759a4f4f2c3912d821f9025d41825ad2c7a3fa5
chatgpt: The stage is set for the U.S. Open, with the world's top players descending on New York to battle it out for the last Grand Slam of the year. There are some exciting potential match-ups on the horizon, as the likes of Novak Djokovic, Andy Murray, Roger Federer, and Rafael Nadal all vie for victory in the men's draw. Djokovic, who is chasing his third Grand Slam title of the year, heads into the tournament as the top seed and could face Murray in the semifinals. The two have a storied rivalry, having met 35 times over the years, with Djokovic holding a slight edge of 25-10. It's not just Djokovic and Murray who could provide fireworks, though. Federer and Nadal could clash in a potential quarterfinal showdown, making for a tantalizing prospect for fans. The two have faced off 37 times in their careers, with Nadal leading the way with 23 wins to Federer's 14. In the women's draw, Serena Williams begins her quest for a 24th Grand Slam title against Francesca Schiavone, another Grand Slam winner. Williams has struggled with injury this year, but is still the overwhelming favorite heading into the tournament. One notable absentee from the women's tournament is former winner Maria Sharapova, who withdrew due to a shoulder injury. Sharapova, who won the tournament back in 2006, has struggled for form and fitness in recent years and will have to wait another year for a shot at redemption. Despite the absence of Sharapova, there are still plenty of contenders in the women's draw. Defending champion Sloane Stephens will be looking to repeat her heroics of 2017, while Simona Halep, Angelique Kerber, and Caroline Wozniacki will all be aiming for glory. The U.S. Open promises to be an action-packed fortnight of tennis, with some of the biggest names in the sport battling it out for Grand Slam glory. With Djokovic, Murray, Federer, and Nadal all in the mix, it's anyone's guess who will come out on top in the men's draw. Meanwhile, in the women's draw, all eyes will be on Serena Williams as she looks to add another title to her glittering career.