article: (CNN) -- When mixed martial arts fighters Ronda Rousey and Liz Carmouche stepped into the octagon Saturday night, they made history for women's sports. When Rousey stepped out, she was the champion in the first women's match in the Ultimate Fighting Championship. Rousey and Carmouche met in the headline fight for the UFC 157 pay-per-view event in the Honda Center in Anaheim, California. Rousey used her signature armbar move to force Carmouche to submit late in the first round. "The place was going nuts," Rousey said, "and I'm glad it was a full house and I'm just honored to be a part of it." Meet the UFC's first female superstar . Just having two women in the ring was a historic first for the UFC, which has been around since 1993. In 2011, UFC President Dana White said there would never be a women's MMA match in the UFC. At the time, he wasn't convinced people would pay to watch women fight. But then Rousey came along, and White changed his mind. "I know I was the one talking smack about women's MMA," White said Saturday night. "But I believed in this fight, and I believed in it enough to make it the main event." Before becoming an MMA fighter, Rousey competed in judo. She took bronze at the 2008 Olympics, becoming the first American to win a women's judo medal since it became an Olympic sport in 1992. On Saturday, Rousey found herself in early trouble for the first time as an MMA fighter. Carmouche, a former U.S. Marine, mounted Rousey's back and tried a neck crank for several seconds before Rousey escaped. "I wasn't worried, but I was very aware of the situation," Rousey said. Rousey recovered, responded with a series of strikes and eventually got Carmouche in an armbar. Carmouche quickly tapped out. "It was a great fight," Carmouche said afterward. "I thought I had it." The armbar has been a reliable weapon for Rousey. She had won by armbar in all six of her previous MMA matches before joining UFC. And like Saturday, all six of those came in the first round. Rousey improved to 7-0 in her MMA career and made history by winning the first women's match in the UFC. Now, she just might become a household name. "This is something really special and it might take a little to really sink in," she said. CNN's Jason Moon contributed to this report.
highlights: NEW: "I'm glad it was a full house," Rousey said . Ronda Rousey beats Liz Carmouche in the first round . Rousey used her signature armbar move to force Carmouche to submit . "I thought I had it," Carmouche said .
id: f29d2122c7b3a0ad42620e4dac5850ac716c3f51
chatgpt: Mixed martial arts (MMA) fighter Ronda Rousey has proved once again that she is a force to be reckoned with, as she defeated Liz Carmouche in the first round of their recent fight. The highly-anticipated fight, which took place at the Honda Center in Anaheim, California, was Rousey's first title defense in the UFC's bantamweight division. The fight began with Rousey and Carmouche exchanging blows, with Rousey looking to take her opponent down to the ground. After a brief struggle, Rousey successfully took Carmouche down and immediately went for her signature armbar move. The crowd erupted as Rousey locked in the armbar, putting pressure on Carmouche's arm until she was forced to submit just four minutes and 49 seconds into the first round. "I'm glad it was a full house," Rousey said in a post-fight interview. "I wanted to defend the belt in front of as many people as possible." Despite the loss, Carmouche remained positive, saying that she thought she had a chance until Rousey locked in the armbar. "I thought I had it," Carmouche said. "But Ronda is just that good." Rousey's victory solidifies her position as one of the top fighters in the UFC, and potentially sets up more exciting fights in the future. With a record of 7-0, Rousey has now won all of her fights by armbar submission, making her a master of the move. "I'm just going to keep doing what I've been doing," Rousey said. "I feel like I have a target on my back now, but I'm ready for anyone and anything." The UFC community took to social media to congratulate Rousey on her victory, with many lauding her impressive performance. "Rousey is just unbelievable," one Twitter user wrote. "She's becoming a legend in the sport." With the win, Rousey cements herself as a dominant force in the UFC, and fans eagerly await her next fight. For now, she can bask in the glory of another victory and continue to build her legacy in the sport of MMA.