article: Novak Djokovic sealed a semi-final spot and clinched the year-end world No 1 ranking as the Serb defeated Tomas Berdych at the ATP World Tour Finals on Friday. Djokovic took just 68 minutes to beat Berdych 6-2, 6-2 and finish top of Group A to book a semi-final against Kei Nishikori, which will be played on Saturday afternoon. The 27-year-old also will now finish the year at the top of the world rankings for the third time in four years. Novak Djokovic has sealed a semi-final spot at the ATP World Tour Finals after beating Tomas Berdych . The victory means that Djokovic will also end the year as world No 1 for the third time in four years . Djokovic waits for the world No 1 award with  Boris Becker, John McEnroe, Carlos Moya and Mats WIlander . Novak Djokovic has won the group. 1. If Stan Wawrinka beats Marin Cilic, then Wawrinka qualifies in second position. 2. If Marin Cilic beats Stan Wawrinka but loses three or more games, then Wawrinka qualifies in second place. 3. If Marin Cilic beats Stan Wawrinka and loses only one or two games, then Cilic qualifies in second place. Djokovic said: 'It's a great deal of happiness knowing that what I've been through the entire season in order to get to where I am and finish the year as No. 1. It's one of the ultimate challenges in this sport.' World No 7 Berdych made a nervy start and was instantly broken before receiving a loud cheer as he finally claimed the seventh point of the match. But Djokovic was ruthless and went 3-0 up with a double break in nine minutes before wrapping up the set to guarantee progression to the last four. Berdych had three game points at 40-0 in the opening game of the second set but the Czech repeatedly misfired with his groundstrokes to gift Djokovic the break. Djokovic beat Berdych 6-2, 6-2 to set up a semi-final clash with Japanese star Kei Nishikori . World No 7 Berdych made a nervy start and was instantly broken by the imperious Djokovic . Djokovic then won five of the next seven games as he cruised to his 30th consecutive win indoors and then celebrated securing the year-end No 1 ranking with coach Boris Becker and the rest of his camp. Stan Wawrinka will seal second spot in Group A and a semi-final against compatriot Roger Federer if he can win at least three games against US Open champion Marin Cilic on Friday night.
highlights: World No 1 Novak Djokovic beat Tomas Berdych 6-2, 6-2 in London . He ends the year top of the world rankings for third time in four years . Djokovic will face Kei Nishikori in the semi final on Saturday afternoon . Roger Federer will face Stan Wawrinka or Marin Cilic in the other semi . Murray was humiliated 6-0, 6-1 in his final ATP World Tour Finals match .
id: eebede1cf6079d08141c385837c0f044ec581d38
chatgpt: Novak Djokovic continued his dominant form on Friday as he defeated Tomas Berdych in straight sets at the ATP World Tour Finals in London. Despite some early resistance from Berdych, Djokovic's superior shotmaking proved too much for the Czech player as he claimed the first set 6-2. The second set followed a similar pattern, with Djokovic dictating the rallies and forcing a number of errors from Berdych. Although the Czech did manage to break the Serb's serve in the fifth game, it proved to be little more than a consolation as Djokovic broke back immediately and went on to take the set 6-2. Speaking after the match, Djokovic expressed his satisfaction at his performance, stating that he felt he had played his best match of the tournament so far. "I think I played really, really well today," he said. "I was very pleased with the level of my tennis, especially in the first set." With the win, Djokovic secured his place in the semi-finals of the tournament, where he will face Kei Nishikori on Saturday afternoon. Nishikori, who had earlier beaten Andy Murray in straight sets to reach the last four, will be hoping to become only the second player to defeat Djokovic at the O2 Arena this year. In the other semi-final, Roger Federer will face either Stan Wawrinka or Marin Cilic. Federer, who has won the ATP World Tour Finals a record six times, will be hoping to add to his impressive tally of titles at the season-ending event. Unfortunately, for British fans, the tournament ended in disappointment as Andy Murray suffered a humiliating defeat in his final match before the semi-finals. The Scot, who had already been eliminated from the tournament, lost 6-0, 6-1 to Stan Wawrinka in a one-sided encounter that lasted just 58 minutes. Despite the defeat, Murray remained optimistic about his future prospects, stating that he would use the off-season to work on his game and come back stronger next year. "Obviously it's not the way I wanted to finish the tournament," he said. "But I'll take a break now and then get back to work and get ready for next season." For Djokovic, meanwhile, the focus will be on continuing his impressive form as he looks to secure his third ATP World Tour Finals title in four years. With his dominant display against Berdych on Friday, the world number one will no doubt be feeling confident heading into his semi-final clash with Nishikori on Saturday.