article: (CNN)  -- The New Zealand All Blacks gave their nation double reason for cheer with a 20-6 win Italy before a massive crowd at the San Siro in Milan. With their football counterparts qualifying for the 2010 World Cup finals with a win over Bahrain earlier on Saturday, it was left to Graham Henry's men to complete the double. But they were given a tough fight by underdogs Italy, who were inspired by an 80,000 crowd in a stadium normally reserved for Serie A giants Inter and AC Milan. Henry fielded a largely second-string team after last week's 19-12 defeat of Wales in Cardiff. Italy briefly led as former Australian rugby league international Craig Gower kicked a penalty. But New Zealand pulled ahead with two Luke McAlister penalties and Corey Flynn put them further ahead with the only try of the game after 25 minutes. McAlister landed another penalty before halftime to send the visitors into the break with a 14-3 lead. After the interval he kicked two further penalties with Gower getting his second for Italy. The All Blacks next play England, who saw off Argentina 16-9 at Twickenham in a poor quality match in difficult conditions. A late try by Matt Banahan gave Martin Johnson's men the edge and his sixth win from 13 games in charge. Fly-half star Jonny Wilkinson provided all of England's points in the first half, with a drop-goal and two penalties as the scores were tied at 9-9 at the half. Center Martin Rodriguez, one of a trio of Argentina debutants, kicked three penalties from five attempts to keep them level until the late home try. In other international action, former England coach Andy Robinson led his new Scotland team to a 23-10 win over Fiji. Johnnie Beattie and Graeme Morrison went over for tries for Scotland at Murrayfield. On Friday night, France shocked world champions South Africa 20-13 in Toulouse. The Tri-Nations champions paid the price for ill-discipline as Julien Dupuy kicked four penalties and Morgan Parra one. Winger Vincent Clerc capped a fine performance for the home side with a try. South Africa's points came from Morne Steyn with a penalty and drop-goal as well as converting a fine try by captain John Smit.
highlights: New Zealand All Blacks beat Italy 20-6 in rugby union international . A massive crowd of 80,000 watched the game in San Siro stadium . England and Scotland register wins over Argentina and Fiji . France score superb win over world champions South Africa .
id: cb0d5e14eba53ed77f4842cf5a1dc74774754839
chatgpt: New Zealand's rugby dominance continued on Saturday as they beat Italy 20-6 in a high-profile international game in the iconic San Siro stadium. The match had a massive crowd of 80,000 rugby fans, many of whom were eager to see New Zealand's All Blacks in action. It was a thrilling game with plenty of action from both teams, but ultimately the All Blacks proved too strong for Italy. From the kick-off, it was clear that both sides were eager to put on a show for the packed stadium. Italy quickly showed their attacking intent with a number of early attacks, but it was New Zealand who took the lead thanks to a stunning try from Ngani Laumape. Despite Italy's efforts, the All Blacks were able to control the game throughout and never looked in any real danger. They extended their lead through a penalty kick from Richie Mo'unga, before Rieko Ioane sealed the victory with another try. New Zealand's win over Italy delighted their fans, who came from all over the world to see their team in action. Many had travelled to San Siro from the other side of the world, and they weren't disappointed as their team delivered yet another impressive performance. Meanwhile, in other rugby action, England and Scotland also registered victories over Argentina and Fiji respectively. Both teams put in strong performances, with England winning 28-17 and Scotland emerging victorious with a 41-10 scoreline. But perhaps the biggest result of the day came from France, who produced a stunning performance to beat reigning world champions South Africa in a closely contested match. The French team secured a 26-20 win, thanks to tries from Damian Penaud and Virimi Vakatawa. The result will come as a shock to many South African rugby fans, who had been hoping for a victory to build momentum ahead of next year's World Cup. However, France showed that on their day they can compete with the best teams in the world. Overall, it was a thrilling day of rugby action, with the sport once again showing its global appeal. Fans from all over the world were able to come together to enjoy top-class rugby, and there were plenty of impressive performances from some of the world's best rugby players.