article: By . Alan Roden . Scotland's referendum battle and the Ice Bucket Challenge craze collided yesterday as Alistair Darling and Alex Salmond both agreed to be soaked for charity. The leaders of the two campaigns were nominated by Hollywood superstar James McAvoy to accept the challenge. Former Chancellor Mr Darling, chairman of the pro-Union Better Together group, was first to agree – with activists throwing buckets of ice-cold water over him in a Glasgow park this afternoon. Scroll down for video . Better Together campaign chief Alistair Darling accepted the ice bucket challenge after he was nominated by actor James McAvoy today . Mr Darling is due to face Scotland's First Minister Alex Salmond in a second debate on independence this Monday . First Minister Mr Salmond accepted the challenge minutes later. He said: 'I’m always up for any challenge, and I’m game for this one. 'It will invigorate me for the next month of campaigning – but the Scottish media should be careful what they wish for, as I get to nominate who’s next for the ice bucket!' The social media craze is aimed at raising awareness and money for the neurodegenerative disease ALS, or motor neurone disease. Before being soaked Mr Darling thanked McAvoy and tweeted a link to www.gordonsfightback.com, an awareness-raising site set up by Better Together director of research Gordon Aikman. Wearing a Scotland rugby top, Mr Darling nominated the staff of Better Together to take up the challenge next. He said: 'One of the good things about being the boss is you can nominate your staff for anything you want and tell them what to do.' Mr Aikman publicly revealed he is dying of the disease earlier this year and has raised tens of thousands of pounds to raise awareness of the condision. Among those who threw water over Mr Darling were Better Together’s top spin doctor Rob Shorthouse and former Labour MSP David Whitton. In his video, X-Men star McAvoy said: "As it is the year of the Scottish referendum on independence, I'd like to nominate our political champions Alistair Darling and Alex Salmond to do their very worst." As a bucket of icy water is poured over his head, he adds: "Alex, Alistair, you've got 24 hours." McAvoy said he was nominated for the challenge by Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho. Hollywood actor James McAvoy challenged Mr Darling - the former Labour Chancellor - and SNP First Minister Alex Salmond . Former US president George Bush, actress Gwyneth Paltrow and footballer David Beckham are among a host of well-known faces that have taken the plunge. McAvoy, who is from Drumchapel in Glasgow, has previously said he is "anti-political" when it comes to independence. In an interview in May he said: 'I will go with whatever way my country votes, but I don't know which way I want to go yet.' To contribute to Gordon Aikman’s campaign, visit www.gordonsfightback.com .
highlights: Actor gave Labour MP and political rival Alex Salmond 24 hours to accept . Former Chancellor, chair of  Better Together campaign, was first to agree . Comes after George Bush accepted the challenge but Barack Obama refused .
id: d5ebe269f7f4d6a4190c50edf19165dd41dc30d7
chatgpt: Actor Idris Elba has challenged Labour MP Alex Salmond to a 1-on-1 basketball game, giving Salmond a 24-hour deadline to accept or decline. The challenge comes after former Chancellor Alistair Darling, who chaired the Better Together campaign during the Scottish independence referendum, was the first to accept the challenge. This follows recent similar challenges made to former US Presidents George Bush and Barack Obama. Elba, who is best known for his roles in TV shows such as "Luther" and movies like "Thor" and "Molly's Game", made the challenge during an appearance on "The Russell Howard Hour" on Wednesday night. The actor, who is also a DJ and singer, is a big basketball fan and recently played in the NBA All-Star Celebrity Game. Salmond, who was the First Minister of Scotland between 2007 and 2014, and is now a Member of Parliament, has not yet responded to the challenge. However, it remains to be seen whether he will follow in the footsteps of Bush and Obama, who both declined the invitation from Elba. The challenge was initially made to Bush and Obama during Elba's appearance on "The Ellen Show" in February. The actor, who was promoting his new movie "The Dark Tower" at the time, said he would like to play against the two former presidents. "I wanted to have a go at Bush… I think he's a good sport. Obama, I'd challenge him too," he said. Bush declined the challenge, but Obama did not respond to the invitation. In a subsequent interview with BBC Radio 1Xtra's DJ Ace, Elba said he was disappointed that Obama did not accept the challenge, but added that he was not surprised. "I think George Bush would have probably come to London to have a game of hoops… I think it would have been fun. Obama, I wouldn't have been surprised if he said no because he's got a lot on his plate," he said. Elba, who was born in London to a Sierra Leonean father and a Ghanaian mother, has been a vocal critic of the UK government's handling of Brexit. In an interview with CNN last year, he described the decision to leave the European Union as "stupid" and said he feared it could lead to an increase in racism and a decrease in opportunities for young people. However, Elba has also been active in promoting positive change. He recently launched the "Project Empowerment" initiative, which provides training and support for young people from disadvantaged backgrounds. He has also been a supporter of various charities, including UNICEF and the Prince's Trust. Elba's challenge to Salmond has sparked plenty of interest on social media, with many people expressing their excitement at the prospect of seeing the two men face off on the basketball court. Some have even suggested that the game could be used as a fundraiser for charity. Whether Salmond accepts the challenge remains to be seen, but if he does, it could be one of the most watched basketball games in recent history. And who knows, if the game does take place, maybe we'll see Elba challenge even more politicians to a game of basketball in the future.