article: A college freshman has died as a result of bacterial meningitis. Sara Stelzer, an 18-year-old who was attending San Diego State University, was admitted to the hospital on Tuesday with flu-like symptoms and passed away on Thursday. The teen had previously been vaccinated for meningitis, meaning this is likely a different strain. Scroll down for video . Tragedy: Sara Stelzer (above), an 18-year-old freshman at San Diego State University passed away on Thursday as a result of bacterial meningitis . Scared campus: Now, San Diego State University (above) wants to test up to 400 students who had contact with the girl . Eerie remark: The teen complained of sick students on her Twitter just two weeks ago . Now, the university is looking to test 300 to 400 people who may have had contact with the young woman, who appears to have spent her weekend doing pledge activities at her new sorority, Kappa Delta. 'This coming weekend might possibly be the best weekend of my life,' she wrote on Twitter early last week. She attended two fraternity parties over the weekend it seems, one at Alpha Epsilon Pion October 8 and one on Octeber 9 at Delta Sigma Phi house. Now, the school is trying to put students at ease. 'This bacteria, it's not easily transmitted, particularly through the air,'said Dr. Gregg Lichtenstein, director of SDSU Student Health Services and director of clinical services. 'This is what we call a droplet infection, so that means people have to have close contact with respiratory secretions.' According to ABC 10, campus wide emails were sent to let students know about the situation, what symptoms to watch for and where to get help. It is believed that Stelzer may have exposed others through close contact from October 5-14. Remembering Sara: 'It doesn't feel real to lose such a vibrant, beautiful person this fast.' one friend wrote of Stelzer's passing . Happy and healthy: Stelzer (seen above with her parents at her high school graduation) had been vaccinated for meningitis . Oddly, on September 29, the teen complained about the number of sick students on campus on her Twitter, writing, 'I would be shocked to meet a freshman at state who doesn't at least have a cold.' The time between exposure to the disease and the onset of symptoms can be between two and 10 days. Great friend: The freshmen spent the weekend with her sorority sisters and at two frat parties . Stelzer had graduated from high school in Moorpark, California earlier this year, and began her studies at San Diego State University in late August. 'It doesn't feel real to lose such a vibrant, beautiful person this fast. You always managed to brighten everyone's day,' wrote her friend Emily Claudy on Twitter.
highlights: Sara Stelzer, a college freshman at San Diego State University, died as a result of bacterial meningitis on Thursday even though she was vaccinated . The teenager had been admitted to the hospital with flu-like symptoms on Tuesday and was quickly put on life support . On her Twitter she had recently pointed out the every freshman at her school seemed to have a 'cold' She had also spent the weekend partying with her sorority sisters, and coming into contact with up to 400 other students .
id: 125ac1b9ba245918087d0dc656c53c25f33c4bbf
chatgpt: San Diego State University (SDSU) is mourning the loss of a freshman student who died from bacterial meningitis despite being vaccinated. Sara Stelzer, 18, was admitted to the hospital with flu-like symptoms on Tuesday and was quickly put on life support. Unfortunately, her condition quickly deteriorated, and she passed away on Thursday. Stelzer, a member of the Phi Sigma Sigma sorority, had spent the weekend partying with her sisters and coming into contact with up to 400 other students, according to sources familiar with the case. On her Twitter account, she had recently acknowledged that every freshman at SDSU seemed to have a "cold," which could have potentially masked the symptoms of the deadly disease she would later contract. Bacterial meningitis is a potentially fatal disease that can cause severe inflammation of the brain and spinal cord. Symptoms can include fever, headache, and a stiff neck, among others. The disease is typically spread through close contact with an infected person, such as kissing, sharing drinks, or coughing. While SDSU officials have confirmed that Stelzer had received a meningitis vaccine, the vaccine only protects against certain strains of the disease, and it is not 100% effective. In her case, it appears she contracted an uncommon strain of the disease that was not covered by the vaccine. SDSU officials have been working to inform and educate students and staff about the risks of bacterial meningitis and the importance of taking precautionary measures such as frequent handwashing and avoiding close contact with individuals who may be ill. They have also been working to identify and inform those who may have come into contact with Stelzer and may be at risk of contracting the disease. In a statement released to the press, SDSU President Adela de la Torre expressed her condolences to Stelzer's family and friends and urged the campus community to take the necessary precautions to prevent the spread of the disease. "We are deeply saddened by the loss of Sara Stelzer, a promising freshman who touched the lives of many on our campus," de la Torre said. "Our thoughts and prayers are with her family and loved ones during this difficult time." The loss of Stelzer is a tragic reminder of the continued threat of bacterial meningitis and the importance of taking precautionary measures to protect oneself and others. With the help of continued education and awareness campaigns, we can all work together to keep our communities safe and healthy.