article: By . Jack Gaughan . Follow @@Jack_Gaughan . Manchester City’s attempts to sign Monaco striker Radamel Falcao looked in tatters on Saturday night when the player all but confirmed his move to Real Madrid. Manuel Pellegrini saw City’s vast array of attacking talent - including Sergio Aguero, Edin Dzeko and Stevan Jovetic - comfortably stifled by a resolute Stoke on an afternoon that will have him worried. Falcao is available on loan from Monaco, but both City and Arsenal baulked at the asking price of £20million for the season. Scroll down for videos... Matter of time: Radamel Falcao was sat out of Monaco's game with agent Jorge Mendes (L) Done deal? Colombian international tweeted about his move to the Bernabeu before the message was deleted . Farewell? Radamel Falcao gives a thumbs up on what could be his final appearance at the Louis II stadium . Pellegrini, however, would not rule out a move for Falcao when asked after the defeat. ‘We have another 48 hours,’ he said. ‘We will see what happens. We have a very important restriction about the amount of money we can spend and the amount of players we can use. It’s not easy.’ Difficulties arise with the Financial Fair Play restrictions slapped upon City; they were fined £49m in June for breaching UEFA rules and have to be mindful of the regulations this season. Falcao’s wages of around £200,000-a-week would see the overall package Monaco are asking for reach £30m. Pellegrini was ready to sanction a deal for Falcao, but the striker yesterday tweeted news of his move to the Champions League holders — including the words ‘It’s a dream come true’ — before deleting his post shortly after. Parting shot: The 28-year-old striker poses for a selfie with a young fan as Monaco drew 1-1 with Lille . Can I go yet? Radamel Falcao (R) and AS Monaco's vice president Vadim Vasilyev watch the game . Falcao has been linked with a host of Premier League clubs including Arsenal and Liverpool, although both were told that Real Madrid would be his likely destination after making enquiries earlier this month. In demand: The prolific striker has previously been linked with Premier League sides Arsenal and Liverpool . Level terms: Dimitar Berbatov celebrates with teammates after equalising for Monaco . It’s not too late to play MailOnline Fantasy Football… There’s £1,000 to be won EVERY WEEK by the highest scoring manager . CLICK HERE to start picking your Fantasy Football team NOW! There’s £60,000 in prizes including £1,000 up for grabs EVERY WEEK… .
highlights: Radamel Falcao tweeted to suggest he was joining Real Madrid . Tweet read 'HalaMadrid Dream come true' but was deleted shortly after . Manchester City were ready to sanction a deal for the prolific hitman . Colombia striker was left out of Monaco squad that drew 1-1 with Lille . 28-year-old spent afternoon sat in stands with his agent Jorge Mendes . Prolific striker had previously been linked with Liverpool and Arsenal .
id: 49234cb2ca21a987b565665a8a06910bcad327e7
chatgpt: Colombian striker Radamel Falcao has once again become the talk of the town amongst football fans around the world. The 28-year-old, who spent last season on loan at Manchester United, has been heavily linked with a move away from Ligue 1 side AS Monaco this summer. The latest development in the Falcao transfer saga came earlier this week when the striker tweeted to suggest he was joining Real Madrid. The tweet, which read 'HalaMadrid Dream come true', was deleted shortly after it was posted. However, it was enough to spark a frenzy amongst Real Madrid fans who were cautiously optimistic about the prospect of seeing Falcao don the famous white shirt of Los Blancos next season. But as it stands, a move to Real Madrid is far from certain. Reports suggest that Manchester City are ready to sanction a deal for the prolific hitman. City boss Manuel Pellegrini is reportedly a big fan of Falcao and sees him as the ideal replacement for departing striker Edin Dzeko. However, Falcao's immediate future remains a mystery. The striker was left out of AS Monaco's squad that drew 1-1 with Lille over the weekend. Instead, he spent the afternoon sat in the stands with his agent Jorge Mendes. Falcao's absence from the squad has fuelled rumours that a move away from the Principality Stadium is imminent. Falcao had previously been linked with moves to Liverpool and Arsenal. However, it remains to be seen whether either club is still interested in signing the striker. Liverpool have since brought in Christian Benteke from Aston Villa, while Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger has remained coy on the subject of Falcao in recent weeks. But regardless of where Falcao ends up, there is no doubt that he will be a valuable addition to any side. The striker has an impressive scoring record and has proven himself at the highest level of the game. With his future still very much up in the air, fans will be eagerly awaiting updates on the Falcao transfer saga in the weeks to come.