article: Colombian police have seized $90million worth of cocaine bound for Mexico during a raid against a major drug gang operating out of the country's jungle region. The 3.3tonnes of drugs are believed to belong to the Colombian Usuga Clan crime gang, which is based in the rural area of Unguia in Choco, which borders Panama. General Rodolfo Palomino, the head of Colombia's national police, told reporters  the shipment was poised to leave the country either via a Caribbean river or the Panama border when it was stopped. Colombian police have seized $90million worth of cocaine bound for Mexico during a raid against a major drug gang operating out of the country's jungle region . The 3.3tonnes of drugs are believed to belong to the Colombian Usuga Clan crime gang, which is based in the rural area of Unguia in Choco, which borders Panama . Colombia, a major cocaine producer, turns out some 300 tonnes annually, according to the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime . The packages were allegedly due to leave the country via a Caribbean river or the Panama border . He said: 'The shipment was ready to leave on a river to the Caribbean or the border with Panama, to be sent on to Mexico.' Colombia, a major cocaine producer, turns out some 300 tonnes annually, according to the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime. Authorities confiscated about 166 tonnes of the drug in 2014. The northeastern area of Colombia is strategically important for crime gangs and leftist guerrillas who use it for clandestine trafficking of arms and drugs. The Usuga Clan, which has at least 2,000 members, is the country's largest criminal group. The anti-drugs officers stand with other agents as they inspect the packages of cocaine . The discovery took place on Monday. The drugs are currently being inspected at Necocli police base . General Rodolfo Palomino, the head of Colombia's national police, spoke to reporters about the find . In addition to drug trafficking, it is also involved in illegal mining. Colombian authorities have offered a $600,000 reward for information leading to the capture of its leader. Many crime gangs are comprised of ex-members of paramilitary groups who officially demobilised nearly a decade ago. Marxist rebels also reap hefty profits. Cocaine and other drugs are some of the principal sources of financing for groups fighting in the country's 50-year armed conflict, which has killed over 200,000 people. Just last week, police discovered three tonnes of cocaine in the port terminal in Cartagena, a popular tourist hub on Colombia's Caribbean coast. The drugs were also bound for Mexico. He said the shipment was worth around $90million and was poised to leave the country when it was stopped . The officers opened a package of the drug to show to reporters at the press conference about the seizure .
highlights: The 3.3tonnes are believed to belong to Colombian Usaga Clan crime gang . The gang is based in rural area of Unguia, Choco, which borders Panama . Shipment allegedly ready to leave via Caribbean river or Panama border . Colombia is major cocaine producer and turns out  300 tonnes annually .
id: 544a83ee494c67dfeab8683614d04783c204561a
chatgpt: The Colombian authorities have intercepted a shipment of drugs that is believed to belong to the infamous Usaga Clan crime gang. The drugs, weighing in at a staggering 3.3 tonnes, were seized as part of a crackdown on drug trafficking in the country. The Usaga Clan is known to be one of the most powerful criminal organizations in Colombia, based in a rural area known as Unguia in the Choco region. The region borders Panama, which is believed to be a key transit point for drugs entering the United States. Sources say that the authorities received a tip-off about the shipment, which was reportedly ready to be transported via a Caribbean river or the Panama border. The drugs are believed to be cocaine, which remains one of Colombia's most lucrative exports despite the government's efforts to crack down on drug trafficking. Colombia is one of the world's leading producers of cocaine, accounting for an estimated 70% of global production. The country produces around 300 tonnes of the drug annually, according to the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime (UNODC). The Colombian government has been working to combat drug trafficking for decades, but the Usaga Clan and other criminal organizations continue to operate with relative impunity in some areas of the country. The government has been criticized for failing to do enough to address the underlying causes of drug trafficking, such as poverty and corruption. The seizure of this latest shipment of drugs is being seen as a major victory for the Colombian authorities. The drugs are estimated to have a street value of several million dollars, and their seizure is expected to deal a major blow to the finances of the Usaga Clan. However, the authorities will also be aware that this is just one small victory in a larger struggle against drug trafficking in the country. As long as the demand for cocaine remains high in the United States and elsewhere, criminal organizations like the Usaga Clan will continue to find ways to evade the law and profit from the drug trade. In recent years, the Colombian government has made some progress in reducing the country's dependence on drug trafficking. The country's economy has diversified, and the government has invested heavily in areas such as tourism and technology. But for many Colombians, drug trafficking remains a way of life. Many people in rural areas rely on the drug trade to make a living, and they have little choice but to cooperate with criminal organizations like the Usaga Clan. The authorities will need to work closely with local communities if they are to make progress in the fight against drug trafficking. They must also do more to address the underlying causes of drug trafficking, such as poverty, inequality, and corruption. Ultimately, the Colombian government and its partners will need to take a holistic approach to drug trafficking if they are to succeed in stamping it out for good. Until then, criminal organizations like the Usaga Clan will continue to pose a major threat to the country's security and prosperity.