article: Editor's Note: The staff at CNN.com has recently been intrigued by the journalism of VICE, an independent media company and Web site based in Brooklyn, New York. VBS.TV is the broadband television network of VICE. The reports, which are produced solely by VICE, reflect a transparent approach to journalism, where viewers are taken along on every step of the reporting process. We believe this unique reporting approach is worthy of sharing with our CNN.com readers. Brooklyn, New York (VBS.TV) -- We had heard about a drug in Colombia that essentially eliminates free-will in humans. It is called scopolamine and it seemed to us to be so completely out there--like a plot device in an awful Jack Black movie. In fact, it sounded so horrible and strange that we wanted to go down and try it out. So the producers and I compiled a laundry list of embarrassing chores for me to complete while under the influence and, chuckling hysterically to ourselves, got on a plane and headed for Bogota, Colombia. Once we landed in the Colombian capital, it took all of about 60 minutes to realize there wasn't going to be any more laughing. The fear that the mere mention of scopolamine struck in the locals was palpable and startling. As we dug deeper into this drug's story, following the evolution of the plant and its uses, we began to appreciate the gravity of ingesting it. And we became fearful. We heard harrowing tales from victims and perpetrators alike, sat with prostitutes who calmly explained administering the drug to unsuspecting johns, and visited the home of a man who confessed in chilling detail to murdering someone who had dosed him with the drug. It was difficult to believe at times, but we spoke to countless law enforcement officials and medical professionals who verified all that we'd heard, and who also expressed their frustration and fear with what they saw as a growing problem. See the rest of Colombian devil's breath at VBS.TV . After a week of chasing this story across the city, we were rattled. By the time we met up with our local contact, a dealer named Demencia, I had little to no interest in going through with the plan as conceived. Still, he bought a gram of the drug, and when he returned to the car and began to open it, all the horror stories of the week came rushing at me. It occurred to me we were sitting in a car full of expensive video equipment on the outskirts of Bogota with a known drug dealer we had just met, and in his possession was arguably the most dangerous drug in the world. Fortunately for us, Demencia turned out to be a rather trustworthy drug dealer, and we made it out of Bogota unscathed, our mental faculties intact, the scopolamine dispatched safely into a nearby toilet. We have not, however, been able to shake the stories we heard.
highlights: Journalist heads to Colombia to learn about drug, originally intending to try it . Tone of story quickly changes upon hearing "unimaginable horror stories" Mere mention of the drug strikes "startling," "palpable" fear in locals .
id: 60b59806f239890d34feb31beb432d688ed65e27
chatgpt: A journalist’s quest to learn about the “real” drug scene in Colombia takes a shocking turn when she hears the horror stories of its effects on ordinary people. Initially intending to try the drug, the journalist quickly realizes the dire consequences of her curiosity. As she makes her way through the country, the mere mention of the drug strikes startling fear in the locals. The palpable anxiety of people unable to escape the negative influence of this drug leaves a lasting impression on the journalist. Colombia has long been known as a hub of drug production and trafficking, and the journalist’s desire to learn about the intricacies of the industry led her to the heart of the drug trade. However, her eagerness is quickly replaced by horror as she learns about the disastrous impact that drugs have on the country and its people. The journalist listens as locals share their unimaginable horror stories about the drug. They speak of the drug’s mind-altering effects that make users lose control of their bodies and minds. They share stories of friends and family members who have fallen victim to the deadly attraction of the drug. For many of the people she meets, the drug is not just a substance but a menace that has invaded their homes and communities. Children are exposed to drugs at an early age, and many parents worry about the impact of the drug on their futures. The drug trade in Colombia has been fueled by its status as a major producer of coca, a key ingredient in the production of cocaine. The cocaine produced here is often sent overseas to meet the insatiable demand for the drug in North America and Europe. Despite efforts by the Colombian government and other international agencies, drug production and trafficking remain stubbornly pervasive in the country. The drug trade has become a way of life for many Colombians, providing them with much-needed income but also putting their lives in danger. As the journalist’s journey comes to an end, she reflects on the lessons she has learned. She recognizes that drugs are not just a problem in Colombia but a global issue that affects millions of people worldwide. She realizes that drug addiction is not just a personal failing but a social problem that requires collective action. The journalist comes away with a new appreciation for the importance of tackling drug addiction, not just at the level of individuals, but also at the level of communities and nations. She sees how a combination of prevention, treatment, and enforcement can help to reduce the demand for drugs and support recovery for those who have been affected by addiction. The journalist’s journey to Colombia has been one of discovery and transformation. She has seen the devastating impact of the drug trade on individuals and communities and has come away with a renewed sense of purpose to tackle this global problem. She urges everyone to learn about the dangers of drugs and to take action to prevent their spread.