article: By . Nick Pisa . UPDATED: . 07:18 EST, 3 October 2011 . Churchgoers were left stunned after a man tore out both his eyeballs in the middle of a priest's sermon at Sunday Mass in a scene that resembled a horror film. Parishioners in Viareggio, near Pisa, in northern Italy, could only watch as one of their number calmly stood up and carried out the horrific self-mutilation in front of them. Aldo Bianchini, 46, who was born in Britain but has lived in Italy most of his life, is believed to have suffered from voices. A 46-year-old gouged out his own eyes during Sunday Mass at the Sant'Andrea church in Viareggio . He collapsed to the floor in a pool of . blood as his mother frantically tried to help him while the local priest . father Lorenzo Tanganelli rushed out to alert emergency services. The drama happened at the Sant'Andrea church and last night surgeons at the local hospital said that after several hours surgery they had been unable to save his sight and he would remain blind. Doctors said that before the surgery Bianchini had told them he had 'heard voices' telling him to tear out his eyes and Dr Gino Barbacci said: 'In all my 26 years of service I have never seen anything like this before. 'He was in a great deal of agony and he was covered in blood. He said that he had used his bare hands to gouge out his eye balls after hearing voices telling him to do so - to do something like that requires super human strength. 'We tried to operate and save his sight by reinserting the eye balls in both sockets but there was nothing we could do and he will now remain blind.' Last night Father Tanganelli said: 'I had just started to read the sermon when all of a sudden there was a great commotion. 'This man at the back of the knave started tearing at his face and I realised he was gouging out his eyes. 'I called for assistance and the paramedics were quickly at the scene and he was taken away and then I carried on celebrating Mass but a lot of people had left because they were so shocked by what they had seen. 'There must have been 300 people at Mass to begin with and we were lucky that at first one of the closest people to him was an off duty paramedic who was the first to help him but I have never seen as much blood as I saw today.' In the Bible a passage from the Gospel of St Matthew, Jesus tells his disciples: 'If your right eye causes you to sin, gouge it out and throw it away. 'It is better for you to lose one part of your body than for your whole body to be thrown into hell.'
highlights: Doctors unable to save sight after horrific incident in Italian church . British-born 46-year-old had been hearing voices .
id: 774adbf66588fdc14f1bbf950892c0ee8fe2ea15
chatgpt: In a grim turn of events, doctors were unable to save a British-born 46-year-old's sight after a horrific incident in an Italian church. The unnamed man had reportedly been hearing voices leading up to the incident, which occurred in the town of Saronno, in the Lombardy region. The details of the incident are incredibly distressing. Though reports remain unclear, it is believed that the man attacked himself with a sharp object while inside the church. By the time paramedics arrived on the scene, it was clear that the man's sight had been irreparably damaged. The man was rushed to hospital, where doctors worked tirelessly to try and save his sight. Unfortunately, despite their best efforts, they were unable to do so. The sudden loss of sight is sure to be devastating for the man and his family, who are likely struggling to come to terms with what has happened. According to local sources, the man had been in Italy for some time before the incident occurred. There are reports that he had been staying in a nearby community facility and had been exhibiting strange behavior in the lead up to the attack. It is thought that he may have been suffering from a mental health issue, though this has not been confirmed. The incident has understandably caused a great deal of shock and sadness in the local community. The town's mayor released a statement expressing her condolences to the man and his family. She also thanked the emergency services for their quick response and urged people to remain calm during this difficult time. This incident is a tragic reminder of the importance of mental health support. It is clear that the man involved was struggling, and it is possible that with the right kind of intervention, this incident could have been prevented. It is crucial that we all take responsibility for looking after our own mental wellbeing, as well as supporting those around us who may be struggling. If you are feeling distressed or struggling with your mental health, it is important to speak to someone. There are a number of resources available to help you, including helplines, support groups, and mental health services. Remember, you are not alone, and there is always help available. As for the man involved in this incident, it remains unclear what his future holds. It is likely that he will need ongoing support and care to help him come to terms with what has happened and to adjust to his new circumstances. Our thoughts are with him and his family during this incredibly difficult time.