article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . UPDATED: . 02:21 EST, 5 January 2012 . One good turn... will get you a driving ban: Lesley Gillam outside West Suffolk magistrates' court yesterday . A good Samaritan stopped to help an American serviceman who had driven into a ditch - and they have both ended up being banned for drink-driving. Lesley Gillam, 57, went to help Ryan Hoagland, 21, after he left the road in Kentford, west Suffolk, on the night of December 10, a court heard yesterday. But they were both breath-tested by police at the scene and found to be about double the drink-drive limit. Gillam, of Newmarket, had 68 microgrammes of alcohol per 100ml of breath and Hoagland had 79mcgs. The limit is 35mcgs. The pair, who had never met before that day, both appeared separately at West Suffolk magistrates' court in Bury St Edmunds. Gillam admitted driving with excess alcohol. Michael Whatley, defending her, said she had driven to a friend's house where she intended to stay after a night out. They had taken a taxi to and from the Apex entertainment centre in Bury, said Mr Whatley. But Gillam then realised she had left essential medication for her thyroid condition at home and drove to fetch it - 'not realising' she was over the limit. On her way home she spotted Hoagland's car in the ditch and stopped to offer him a lift. 'Unusual circumstances': At West Suffolk magistrates' court, District Judge David Cooper banned Gillam from driving for the minimum of 12 months . But a taxi driver, who was first at the scene, had already called police. Officers turned up shortly afterwards and breath-tested both drivers. Mr Whatley said losing her licence would have a 'devastating effect' on Gillam's life. He said she is a self-employed interior designer and totally reliant on her car. District Judge David Cooper told Gillam: 'You could have just driven by on the other side of the road but you did not.' U.S. serviceman Ryan Hoagland, who is based at RAF Lakenheath, the home of the USAF's 48th Fighter Wing, also admitted driving with excess alcohol . In view of the 'extremely unusual circumstances' the judge said he was banning her for the minimum of 12 months. Gillam was also ordered to pay a £250 fine and £100 costs. Hoagland, based at RAF Lakenheath, the home of the USAF's 48th Fighter Wing, also admitted driving with excess alcohol. The American told the judge: 'I am just grateful that I did not hurt anyone.' Judge Cooper gave Hoagland a 20-month ban, a £250 fine and £100 costs.
highlights: Lesley Gillam sentenced to a 12-month driving ban .
id: 4df37d827a6ec747416d36c8def346ddbd40a0bf
chatgpt: Lesley Gillam, a resident of Manchester, has been sentenced to a 12-month driving ban after being convicted of a driving offence. The 47-year-old was found guilty of driving under the influence of alcohol and was handed the ban by a court in Manchester. On the day in question, Gillam was stopped by the police for driving erratically. The officers who pulled her over noticed that she was unsteady on her feet and smelled of alcohol - a clear sign that she may have been driving under the influence of alcohol. She was subsequently arrested and taken to the local police station for a breathalyzer test. The test indicated that Gillam had a blood alcohol level of 89 milligrams per 100 milliliters of breath, which is over the legal limit of 35 milligrams per 100 milliliters. Following this, she was charged with driving under the influence of alcohol and brought before the Manchester Magistrates' Court. At her trial, Gillam pleaded guilty to the charge of driving under the influence of alcohol. The court heard that she had been going through a difficult time in her personal life at the time of the incident and had turned to alcohol as a coping mechanism. Her lawyers also presented evidence showing that she had a very good driving record prior to this incident, which was taken into consideration by the court. Nonetheless, the judge presiding over the case decided to impose a 12-month driving ban on Gillam, stating that it was necessary to send a strong message to the public about the dangers of drink-driving. In addition to the ban, she was also fined £500 and ordered to pay court costs. Reacting to the sentence, Gillam expressed remorse for her actions and apologized to the court and the public. "I deeply regret my decision to drive under the influence of alcohol and the harm it could have caused," she said. "I accept the court's decision and will do everything in my power to ensure that this never happens again." Drink-driving is a serious offence that can have devastating consequences not just for the driver, but also for innocent pedestrians and other road users. It is important for drivers to take responsibility for their actions and always make sure that they are fit to drive before getting behind the wheel. As for Lesley Gillam, she will have to endure a 12-month driving ban as a reminder of the consequences of her actions.