article: Iowa Republican Senate candidate Joni Ernst canceled a meeting with the Des Moines Register editorial board Thursday, a move that the newspaper's publisher and president described as "rare." Ernst was scheduled to meet with the editorial board Thursday morning and skipped out in a "last minute" move Wednesday afternoon, Des Moines Register publisher Rick Green confirmed to CNN. "I think that Iowa voters were cheated because of the fact that she didn't appear and have more of a chance to articulate details on her strategy, vision and long term priorities," Green said. He said that her absence will "not be the deciding factor" in which candidate the editorial board chooses to endorse in the race. The Braley campaign pounced on Ernst's cancellation of the Register in a conference call Thursday afternoon, calling her move a "major change in strategy for the Ernst campaign." "I know she made mistakes recently where she accidentally revealed her extreme positions...but those are not good reasons to hide from an open conversation to help voters make decisions," said Sarah Benzing, Braley's campaign manager. "It's one thing to stick with talking points at events. It's another to sit down with editorial board members and answer tough questions." The Register endorsed Ernst in her primary election in May. The paper also picked Mitt Romney over Barack Obama in the 2012 presidential contest. A representative from the Ernst campaign did not  return CNN's request for comment on why Ernst didn't attend her meeting, but a campaign spokeswoman mentioned the Register's editorials, many of which are critical of Ernst, in a statement to POLITICO. "Recent editorials in the Des Moines Register make their position in this race perfectly clear," spokeswoman Gretchen Hamel said. "And it's one that many voters across our state seem to disagree with." Ernst, currently an Iowa state senator, is challenging incumbent Democratic Rep. Bruce Braley. The pair is locked in a tight race with a Quinnipiac University poll from Thursday morning showing Ernst leading Braley at 48 percent and 46 percent respectively. Ernst's two point lead is within the poll's margin error. Green said the Ernst's last-minute decision to eschew the editorial board meeting was not unprecedented, but it was rare. "Candidates do what candidates do," he said.
highlights: Iowa Senate candidate Jodi Ernst skips out on meeting with Des Moines Register . The paper's publisher called the move "rare," but said it won't affect the paper's endorsement. Ernst is in a neck-and-neck race with her opponent, Democratic Rep. Bruce Braley. The Braley campaign pounced on Ernst's cancellation in a conference call Thursday afternoon .
id: f066da45b1bf927651ef47e6dba05337cc1c53e0
chatgpt: Iowa Senate candidate Jodi Ernst has skipped out on a meeting with the Des Moines Register, a move that the paper's publisher has described as "rare." Despite her absence, however, the paper has maintained that it will continue with its endorsement process as planned. Ernst, who is in a closely contested race against Democratic Rep. Bruce Braley, chose not to attend a scheduled meeting with the editorial board of the Register. The paper's publisher, Rick Green, spoke out about the cancellation, noting that it was unusual for a candidate to skip such a meeting at this stage in the election cycle. "The Des Moines Register editorial board has a long tradition of meeting with every candidate running for federal office who requests one," Green said in a statement. "In this case, we were informed today by the Ernst campaign that she would not be attending, which is a rare occurrence." The Braley campaign, for its part, seized on Ernst's absence to criticize the candidate. In a conference call on Thursday afternoon, Braley's team argued that Ernst was avoiding tough questions and that her decision not to attend the meeting was evidence of her lack of preparedness for the Senate. "Joni Ernst owes Iowans an explanation for her decision to skip her Des Moines Register interview," said Braley campaign manager Sarah Benzing. "Is Joni Ernst hiding from tough questions because she doesn't have the answers?" Despite the Braley campaign's protestations, however, it appears that the Register's decision to proceed with its endorsement process will not be affected by Ernst's absence. Green noted that the lack of a meeting with Ernst would not necessarily disqualify her from consideration. "In the past, some of the candidates who have requested a meeting have occasionally missed their scheduled time due to scheduling conflicts," he said. "We will consider each candidate's request for an endorsement, regardless of whether or not they were able to participate in a meeting with the editorial board." With the Iowa Senate race currently in a dead heat, however, Braley's campaign may be hoping that Ernst's no-show will give them an edge in the upcoming election. It remains to be seen, however, whether the incident will have any lasting impact on the race, which is expected to be one of the most closely watched contests of the midterm elections.