article: American teenager Madison Keys overcame a major injury scare to qualify for the first grand slam semi-final of her career and end the hopes of the woman who inspired her to take up the game. Keys needed lengthy treatment off the court and went on to lose the second set to her idol Venus Williams in their quarter-final on Rod Laver Arena. However, the 19-year-old regrouped and twice came from a break down in the decider to win 6-3, 4-6, 6-4 and set up a last-four clash with either top seed Serena Williams. Madison Keys booked her place in the Australian Open semi-final after beating Venus Williams . Williams looks dejected as she crashes out at the quarter final stage to Keys . Venus Williams was bidding to become the oldest semi-finalist at a grand slam since 39-year-old Billie Jean King at Wimbledon in 1983, the 34-year-old having reached her first quarter-final since Wimbledon 2010. Keys had never previously gone beyond the third round and feared the thigh problem which forced her to retire at that stage of Wimbledon last year would again ruin her prospects in Melbourne. The world No 35 had taken the opening set in 29 minutes but fell 4-1 behind in the second and then left the court to receive treatment on an injury to her left thigh. Keys took the first set but suffered an injury in the second and fought back to win the third . Williams was unable to progress to the semi-final as she looked to add to her seven grand slam titles . Keys was happy to sign autographs for the fans after her victory . Keys returned to the court with the thigh heavily strapped but proceeded to win the next three games before Williams broke back and then served out for the set to force a decider. Seven-time grand slam singles winner Williams twice moved a break up but Keys began to find winners from all over the court and won the last three games to win a rollercoaster match featuring 12 breaks of serve. 'It's not nearly as bad as Wimbledon but it was a nightmare,' Keys said of her injury. 'Obviously I don't want this to happen again. It was a bit overwhelming but thankfully the pain meds kicked in. 'I'm very happy that I am into the semi-finals but the moment is definitely sweeter being able to play Venus.'
highlights: Madison Keys beat Venus Williams 6-3, 4-6, 6-4 in the quarter-finals . Keys had an injury scare in the second set - but came back to win the third . Keys will face Serena Williams in her first grand slam semi-final .
id: 8ef194f9b5d8416771aadb8b242eb686e54c6a67
chatgpt: Madison Keys pulled off an upset victory against five-time Wimbledon champion Venus Williams on Tuesday, securing her spot in the semi-finals of the Grand Slam tournament. The match was a grueling three-set battle that saw Keys emerge the winner with a score of 6-3, 4-6, 6-4. Despite going up a set early on, Keys was faced with a major challenge in the second set when she appeared to injure her leg. The 21-year-old American received medical attention during the match as she struggled to continue playing. Keys' determination paid off, however, as she managed to hold on, ultimately winning the third set and the match in the end. Keys will now face off against none other than Serena Williams in the semifinals of Wimbledon. The long-time rivals have clashed multiple times in the past, with Williams holding the upper hand. For Keys, however, this will be her first Grand Slam semi-final appearance, and she is sure to be giving it her all. In the post-match press conference, Keys expressed her excitement about her upcoming match with Williams, describing the moment as a “dream come true”. “I think she's one of the greatest players of all time,” said Keys. “So to have the opportunity to play her [in a semifinal] is really just a dream come true, and I'm really looking forward to it.” To reach the semi-finals, Keys had to overcome Williams, who at 37 years old, is one of the oldest players still competing on the circuit. Williams has won seven Grand Slam titles and had hoped to add to her tally with another victory at Wimbledon. Despite the loss, Williams remained gracious, congratulating Keys on her performance. Keys will no doubt be going into her match against Williams in high spirits, having beaten her sister Venus in the quarter-finals. The American youngster has been in fine form throughout the tournament, and will be hoping to continue her impressive run in pursuit of her first ever Grand Slam title. The Wimbledon semi-final between Madison Keys and Serena Williams is set to take place on Thursday at the All England Lawn Tennis and Croquet Club, and is sure to be one of the most highly anticipated matches of the tournament. For Keys, it is a chance to prove herself against one of the greatest players to have ever graced the sport, and to cement her place among the elite of world tennis.