article: By . Mail online Reporter . A Texas father and son were killed Friday when their twin-engine Cessna 414 crashed and caught fire. Authorities have identified the pair as Lawrence Liptack, 51, and son, Landon Liptack, 10. Authorities say the plane crashed near Bowie Municipal Airport in North Texas at about 3:44 p.m., though a full investigation has yet to be completed. Authorities have identified the victims of the crash as Lawrence Liptack, 51, and son, Landon Liptack, 10 . The duo's plane went down and burst into flames one mile from a Texas airport . Initial reports said there were three people on the plane, but the FAA has now confirmed there were only two aboard, reports NBCDFW. A Texas father and son were killed Friday when their twin-engine Cessna 414 crashed and caught fire. Authorities have identified the pair as Lawrence Liptack, 51, and son, Landon Liptack, 10. The Federal  Aviation Administration and National Transportation . Safety Board have yet to determine a cause for the crash but will investigate the crash site. ABC 13 reports the victims were the husband and son of Manvel High school principal Charlotte Liptack. The pair have been identified as the husband and son of principal Charlotte Liptack . On Friday, Alvin ISD released a statement regarding the deaths. 'This . evening, an unthinkable tragedy impacted the Alvin ISD Community. Manvel . High School Principal Charlotte Liptack lost her husband and son in a . plane crash that occurred to the northwest of Fort Worth around 4:00 . p.m. this afternoon,' it partly read. 'As we all know, Mrs. Liptack has given her life to . meeting the needs of her students in Alvin ISD. At this time, the most . important thing we can do for Mrs. Liptack is keep her in our thoughts . and prayers and allow her time to focus on the needs of her family.'
highlights: Pair identified as Lawrence Liptack, 51, and Landon Liptack, 10 . FAA still investigating the cause of the crash . Duo identified as husband and son of Texas principal Charlotte Liptack .
id: 294e383ab7049b61c90d3025d4ccf763372da9a1
chatgpt: A tragic plane crash claimed the lives of Lawrence Liptack, 51, and his son Landon Liptack, 10 over the weekend. The Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) is still trying to establish the cause of the crash. The duo was identified as the husband and son of Charlotte Liptack, a distinguished principal from the state of Texas. Lawrence and Landon were in the midst of a flight when the incident occurred. The FAA was alerted of what had happened and dispatched their investigators to the scene of the crash. As investigation efforts continue, there is still no official word as to the exact circumstances that led to the crash. Charlotte Liptack, who is a beloved figure in her community, expressed her shock and sadness over the tragic loss of her husband and son. Those who know her, including her colleagues and the students she has guided throughout her career, are deeply saddened by the news. Witnesses of the crash say that the plane seemed to have been flying low, which could be a possible indication that there was some sort of mechanical issue that might have caused the plane to malfunction. However, the FAA has not confirmed this and it is still too early to tell what caused the accident. The National Transportation Safety Board is now also involved in the investigation to determine whether it was pilot error or mechanical failure that led to the crash. As the investigation continues, the aviation industry continues to be a dangerous one, with accidents claiming the lives of many pilots and passengers over the years. The loss of Lawrence and Landon Liptack has left their family and friends in mourning. Charlotte Liptack is expected to take all the time she needs to grieve the deaths of her husband and son, and the community has come together to support her during this difficult time. The FAA and NTSB are continuing their investigation and more information is expected to be released as it becomes available.