article: Former United States defender Alexi Lalas has warned Steven Gerrard that he faces a huge challenge in Major League Soccer when he joins LA Galaxy in the summer. The Liverpool captain's move to the California-based club was confirmed on Wednesday and Gerrard will link up with his new team in July after spending 17 seasons in the Reds' first team. During his first interview for the club Gerrard said he was not moving to MLS for a holiday and Lalas, who was capped 96 times by the US and played for LA Galaxy for two seasons, insists it won't be plain sailing for the 34-year-old. Sportsmail’s mock-up of how Gerrard could look in the colours of LA Galaxy . Gerrard discusses his future move in a video interview with LA Galaxy . Alexi Lalas warns Gerrard he will find MLS tough and will face challenges he hasn't faced before . MLS Cup Winners (5): 2002, 2005, 2011, 2012, 2014 . MLS Supporters' Shield Winners (4): 1998, 2002, 2010, 2011 . MLS Western Conference Winners (Playoffs) (9): 1996, 1999, 2001, 2002, 2005, 2009, 2011, 2012, 2014 . Winners (Regular Season) (8): 1996, 1998, 1999, 2001, 2002, 2009, 2010, 2011 . 'The man is an absolute legend but I also think it's going to be an interesting adventure for him and his family on and off the field,' Lalas told Talksport. 'I think it's going to challenge him in a way that he's never been challenged before. 'The Premier League is the most entertaining league in the world, but I would submit to you that the challenges that a player faces would make MLS, in my mind, one of the most competitive leagues in the world.' Gerrard will be one of LA Galaxy's designated players - a rule that enables MLS clubs to compete for star international players by breaking the league's salary cap - and Lalas expects the former England international to be a big pull for supporters but insists he has to do the business on the pitch too. The Liverpool captain insists he has not moved to the MLS for a 'holiday' but to continue winning medals . 'It's wonderful for the Galaxy and wonderful for Major League Soccer and soccer fans in the United States who will get to see him on a regular basis. 'The legend label will never go away, but it only gets you so far. After everybody has gotten your autograph and teh pictures have been taken you've got to get on the field and you've got to perform. 'Gerrard can be a messenger to the world when he figures out, and it won't take very long, that this is a league that challenges you physically and mentally and, ultimately, is a whole lot better than the perception is out there (England).'
highlights: Steven Gerrard's move to LA Galaxy was confirmed on Wednesday . Former US defender Alexi Lalas warns Gerrard MLS will be tough . Gerrard will join up with Galaxy in July after the Premier League season .
id: 01d7740bdc93309e24bcd9a9ad37504ac0bc376a
chatgpt: LA Galaxy confirmed on Wednesday the signing of Liverpool legend Steven Gerrard, who is set to join the MLS side in July this year, following the end of the Premier League season. However, not everyone is convinced that the former England international will be able to succeed in the American league. Alexi Lalas, former US defender and current TV analyst, has voiced his concern about Gerrard's move to the MLS, warning that the league can be a tough one to adapt to, especially for European players. Lalas believes that Gerrard will have to adjust to a whole new style of play and a completely different environment. "The MLS is a very physical league and can be tough, especially on European players who are used to a different style of play," Lalas said. "Gerrard will have to adapt quickly if he wants to succeed with LA Galaxy." Nevertheless, the Californian team is hoping that Gerrard's arrival will help them achieve the success they seek. Galaxy coach Bruce Arena has said that the midfielder's experience and leadership will be a huge asset to the team. "We are absolutely thrilled to have Steven Gerrard join the LA Galaxy," Arena said. "His experience and leadership will be invaluable to our team and we look forward to him joining us in July." Gerrard is considered one of Liverpool's greatest ever players, having spent 17 years at Anfield and leading the club to a treble of trophies in 2001. The 34-year-old has also been the captain of the England national team and has represented his country at three World Cup tournaments. "I'm really excited to be joining the LA Galaxy and playing in the MLS," Gerrard said. "I have heard a lot of good things about the league and I am looking forward to testing myself against some of the best players in the world." The midfielder also thanked Liverpool and their fans for their support during his time at the club, saying that he will always be a Liverpool fan. "I want to thank everyone at Liverpool for the amazing memories I have there," Gerrard said. "I am leaving the club with a heavy heart but I am excited about the new challenge ahead of me." Gerrard's move to LA Galaxy is part of a trend of top players from Europe heading to the MLS in recent seasons. The likes of David Beckham, Thierry Henry and Robbie Keane have all played in the league and have helped to raise its profile around the world. It remains to be seen whether Steven Gerrard will follow in their footsteps and become a success in the MLS. With his experience, leadership and talent, he certainly has the potential to do so.