article: The Deputy Prime Minister shares the use of Chevening House with Foreign Secretary William Hague as a perk of his Cabinet position . Nick Clegg's plan to introduce a mansion tax on expensive properties would mean a charge of £150,000 a year on his country retreat Chevening House, it was revealed last night. The Deputy Prime Minister is entitled to use Chevening, which has 115 rooms and is set in 3,500 acres of Kent countryside, as a perk of his Cabinet position. Under the Liberal Democrats’ policy, which will be reaffirmed at the party’s spring conference next weekend, the owners of properties worth more than £2 million would have to pay an annual tax equivalent to one per cent of the value, an idea the Tories have condemned as a ‘tax on aspiration’. Chevening, built in 1615, has an estimated market value of £15 million and Government sources have confirmed that other grace-and-favour homes used by senior Cabinet Ministers, including the Prime Minister’s country residence Chequers and the Chancellor’s weekend retreat Dorneywood, would also be hit by the charge. Ministers could make special provision to exempt the homes from the charge, but would leave themselves open to accusations of hypocrisy. According to the House of Commons Library, council tax at Chevening is the responsibility of the Chevening Trust, which has run the stately home since 1967 when it was left to the nation by Lord Stanhope. However, last night a spokesman for Mr Clegg said: ‘Council tax is currently paid at Chevening House but it is met by the Government, rather than the trustees. 'Given the current arrangements, if a mansion tax was introduced, it is highly likely there would be no loss of revenue – as it would be paid by the Government to the Government, as is already the case for many other taxes.’ Chevening House, built in 1615, has an estimated market value of £15 million .
highlights: The Deputy Prime Minister is entitled to use Chevening House - worth £15m . Properties worth more than £2m would be charged one per cent annual tax .
id: 84945b8b82f72c9832a1aaabef7b685835a55042
chatgpt: Deputy Prime Minister Entitled to Use £15m Chevening House Despite New Tax Rule Despite the recent announcement of a new tax rule charging properties worth over £2m one percent annual tax, the Deputy Prime Minister will continue to have access to the prestigious Chevening House, worth £15m.  The Chevening Estate is a luxurious country house in Kent that has been used as a retreat for senior government officials since the mid-20th century. The property boasts over 115 rooms and 10 acres of land. The Deputy Prime Minister has access to the property due to longstanding convention dating back to the 1980s. While the new tax rule is aimed at increasing revenue and mitigating the growing wealth gap in the UK, the government argues that it will not apply to properties used for official government business, such as Chevening House.  Critics argue that this exception serves to maintain a double standard for government officials and wealthy landowners. However, supporters of the exception point out that the use of properties like Chevening House is necessary for the government to conduct official business and diplomacy. The Deputy Prime Minister's office released a statement that affirmed his entitlement to use the property, but also acknowledged the need for transparency and accountability. The statement read, "While the Deputy Prime Minister is entitled to use Chevening House, the government is committed to ensuring that policies around property taxes are applied fairly and effectively." The new tax rule has caused controversy and debate since its announcement. Some argue that it will help fund vital public services while forcing wealthy landowners to contribute their fair share. Others worry that it will simply drive wealth away from the UK and unfairly penalize those who have worked hard to earn their wealth. In the case of Chevening House, the exception has sparked criticism that the government is not holding itself to the same standards as the general public. However, proponents of the exception argue that the property plays an important role in government business and diplomacy and that the tax rule was never intended to apply to such properties. In conclusion, the Deputy Prime Minister's entitlement to use Chevening House has raised questions about fairness and accountability in the government's handling of the new tax rule. While some argue that the exception is necessary for the government to conduct official business, others see it as a double standard that undermines the tax rule's intended purpose. Only time will tell how the government will navigate the fallout from this contentious issue.