article: Police in Spain's North African enclave of Ceuta have arrested four men suspected of belonging to a militant Islamist network that may have been planning an attack in Spain. Spain has stepped up security as well as efforts to prevent the radicalisation of young Muslim citizens following attacks in Paris this month in which Islamist gunmen killed 17 people. Confirming the arrests, Spanish Interior Minister Jorge Fernandez Diaz told reporters: 'They are two pairs of brothers, highly radicalised and highly trained.' The two pairs of brothers were arrested in Ceuta (pictured), an autonomous Spanish city which borders Morocco . Diaz said there were 'many parallels' with the two brothers who attacked the Paris office of the satirical newspaper Charlie Hebdo earlier this month, shooting dead 12 people. He did not elaborate. El Mundo newspaper quoted Diaz as saying the four detained brothers were of Moroccan origin but held Spanish nationality. In searches carried out alongside the arrests, police found combat gear and knives, he added. Earlier, the interior ministry released a short statement saying police were investigating whether the four men had been planning an attack in Spain. Authorities in Ceuta, an autonomous Spanish city bordering Morocco, declined to comment. Sources close to the investigation told El Pais newspaper the probe had started two weeks ago when one of the four posted a video on his Facebook page showing him providing military training and urging others to wage jihad. Triumphant: Cherif  and Said Kouachi were pictured chanting 'we have avenged the Prophet Muhammad' moments after the attack on the Charlie Hebdo offices . Cherif (left) and Said Kouachi died in a gun battle with police after having killed 12 people at the Charlie Hebdo magazine offices on January 7 . Spain is among a number of European countries struggling to deter young Muslim citizens from becoming jihadists in Syria or Iraq, fearing they might return to plot attacks on home soil. The Spanish cabinet has said it will put forward a plan to counter radicalisation among Muslim citizens at its weekly meeting next Friday. Spanish and Moroccan police arrested seven people in December in a joint operation to prevent the recruitment of women to go to Syria and Iraq to support Islamic State insurgents there. Last September, Spanish police arrested nine people suspected of belonging to a militant cell linked to Islamic State in Melilla, another Spanish enclave on the northern coast of Africa.
highlights: Spanish police in North African enclave of Ceuta have arrested four men . The  Interior Minister said the two pairs of brothers were 'highly trained' Jorge Fernandez Diaz said there were 'parallels' with Charlie Hebdo attack . The men of Moroccan origin are suspected of planning an attack in Spain .
id: 1cb111fc22380101732e117ee0255df130c7bc6d
chatgpt: In a swift operation, the Spanish police arrested four men in the North African enclave of Ceuta who were suspected of planning an attack in Spain. The Interior Minister, Jorge Fernandez Diaz, stated that the two pairs of brothers were "highly trained" and had "parallels" with the Charlie Hebdo attack. The suspects, all of Moroccan origin, were apprehended in Ceuta, which is a Spanish enclave on the northern coast of Africa. According to the sources, the authorities were tipped off about a possible attack, and the police acted swiftly to foil the plan. The suspects were reportedly in possession of a large cache of weapons and explosives, and the authorities believe that they were planning a major attack on a crowded place in Spain. During a press conference following the arrests, Diaz said that the men were "highly trained" and had the "capacity and the determination" to carry out a deadly attack. He also said that there were "parallels" with the Charlie Hebdo attack, where terrorists killed 12 people in Paris in January 2015. The Spanish authorities have been on high alert since the Charlie Hebdo attack and have been actively monitoring the activities of suspected terrorists. Spain has been the target of several high-profile terrorist attacks in the past, including the Madrid train bombings in 2004 that killed 191 people and injured over 2,000. Following the arrests, the Spanish government has warned its citizens to remain vigilant and report any suspicious activity to the authorities. Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy praised the police for their swift action and vowed to continue the fight against terrorism. "The State's determination to defend itself against all forms of terrorism and extremism is absolute and unwavering," he said in a statement. The arrests come at a time of heightened concern over the threat of terrorism in Europe, following a number of attacks in France, Belgium, and Germany in recent years. The Spanish authorities have been working closely with their European counterparts to share information and coordinate efforts to combat the terrorist threat. In conclusion, the Spanish police have once again shown their capabilities, and their swift action has potentially averted a major terrorist attack. The government and the authorities must remain vigilant to counter the threat of terrorism and protect the citizens of Spain.