article: NEW YORK (CNN) -- Thirty people joined National Park Service rangers Saturday in climbing to the crown of the Statue of Liberty, the first tourists to go into the landmark's crown since the 9/11 attacks. Chris Bartnick, 46, and daughter Aleyna, 8, of Merrick, New York, look out from the statue's crown on Saturday. The New York Harbor monument was closed after the terrorist assaults on the World Trade Center and the Pentagon for safety and security reasons, the Interior Department said. "Once again, Americans can climb to Lady Liberty's crown and gaze out over New York Harbor, where so many of our ancestors first saw the New World and first breathed the fresh air of freedom," Interior Secretary Ken Salazar said as he welcomed visitors back on the Fourth of July holiday. "This is a celebration of America and the joy of being an American." Visitors on Saturday were grateful they could go inside the landmark. "It's just basically safety for our country and at least they opened it," visitor Ira Semapadilla told CNN affiliate NY1 before the visit. "That's one thing that I was like, wow, I'm never going to experience it. ... They ruined it for us. "Now that it's going to open again I'm excited, and I'm just really looking forward to being in there."  Watch as CNN's Susan Candiotti treks to top » . Gov. David Paterson, D-New York, Gov. Jon Corzine, D-New Jersey, and New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg joined Salazar at the reopening ceremony. Even with the reopening of the monument, only a rare few will get to scale the 354 steps to the crown. Only 10 visitors are permitted to ascend the steps at any one time, meaning about 240 people can make the climb during the park's 8:30 a.m. to 6:15 p.m. hours of operation. The opportunity to climb Lady Liberty will end again in two years, when work will begin on further safety and security upgrades.
highlights: Monument in New York Harbor closed since 9/11 attacks . Thirty people make climb to reopened crown . "This is a celebration of America," Interior secretary says .
id: 3555943d5b9b479d2c5aa836a2d56a0df8f669a1
chatgpt: After nearly two decades of being closed following the devastating 9/11 attacks, the Statue of Liberty’s crown has once again reopened to the public. And to commemorate the long-awaited reopening, a group of thirty people made the climb up to the crown, excitedly taking in the stunning views of New York Harbor. “This is a celebration of America,” said Interior Secretary David Bernhardt, who was in attendance at the grand reopening. “We remember the lives lost and the heroic sacrifice on that tragic day, but also celebrate the resilience and strength of our nation.” The statue, originally gifted to the United States by France in 1886, has long been a symbol of freedom and hope for many immigrants and refugees coming to America seeking a better life. And with the crown’s reopening, that symbolism has only been heightened. “It’s incredible to be up here and see the incredible views of the city and harbor,” said one of the climbers, Mary Jackson. “And to know that we’re standing inside this symbol of freedom and democracy, it’s truly humbling.” The climb up to the crown is no small feat – visitors must climb 393 steps to reach the top. But for those willing to make the journey, the reward is immense, offering breathtaking views of the surrounding skyline and harbor. To ensure the safety of visitors, the National Park Service had to make several renovations to the crown before reopening it to the public. This included new lighting, handrails, and a new elevator to the pedestal. And with the reopening of the crown, officials are hopeful that it will continue to be a source of inspiration and hope for all who visit. “The Statue of Liberty has always been a symbol of the best of America,” said National Park Service spokesperson Niki Nicholas. “And with the crown now open once again, we hope it will continue to inspire all who come here, just as it has for over a century.”