article: Death row inmates in Oklahoma could be executed by having a bag put on their head which is then filled with poisonous gas. Lethal injections will soon be phased out in the US state of Oklahoma after the necessary drugs have become difficult to obtain. Senators have now approved plans for inmates facing the death penalty, which is legal in the state, to instead be executed using nitrogen hypoxia gas. Death row prisoners will now be executed in Oklahoma using nitrogen hypoxia gas, pictured is the death chamber at the Oklahoma State Penitentiary in McAlester . But Mike Christian, a Republican representative in the Oklahoma legislature, said the state could avoid paying for a gas chamber, which would cost around £200,000, by using a mask or a bag over an inmate’s head. Whichever technique is used, the senate agreed that gassing prisoners with nitrogen hypoxia was less cruel. Mr Christian said inmates would experience an effect like that felt by pilots whose oxygen supplies fail at high altitude, adding: ‘The people who have experienced it to the point of unconsciousness said it was a euphoric feeling. I’d say it’s more humane.’ Drugs such as sodium thiopental, used to sedate prisoners, have been difficult and expensive to get hold of since the EU introduced a ban on exporting substances intended for lethal injections in 2011. Until now the method of execution in Oklahoma has involved anaesthetising the inmate with sodium thiopental, before injecting them with muscle relaxant pancuronium bromide then potassium chloride, which stops the heart beating. Drugs such as sodium thiopental, used to sedate prisoners, have been difficult and expensive to get hold of since the EU introduced a ban on exporting substances intended for lethal injections in 2011 (stock picture) Attempts to substitute scarce drugs with other substances have seen botched executions take place in Oklahoma and other parts of the US. Last year Clayton Lockett, who was convicted of murder, rape, and kidnapping in 2000, was given an untested cocktail of drugs via injection including the sedative midazolam. He was left writhing in pain for 45 minutes and died of a heart attack. Last month the execution of Charles Frederick Warner in Oklahoma lasted 18 minutes, during which he said: ‘My body is on fire.’ Warner, 47, was put to death for killing an infant in 1997. He was originally scheduled to be executed in April on the same night as Clayton Lockett, but state officials suspended executions in Oklahoma until an investigation was completed into what went wrong. Warner was injected with rocuronium bromide and potassium chloride, which is said to cause suffocation and burning sensations, as well as a paralytic which prevented him from moving.
highlights: Oklahoma senators have voted to use gas to execute death row inmates . Bill comes as US state struggles to obtain the drugs for lethal injections . Republican Mike Christian suggested using a bag over inmate's heads . He claims it will save the state £200,000 for gas chambers and is 'humane'
id: 6988abefab789a14fc293074ba2e711cc69e1bc6
chatgpt: Oklahoma senators have voted to use gas to execute death row inmates, as the state struggles to find lethal injection drugs. This decision was made as a response to the state's inability to obtain the necessary drugs for the current method of execution. The bill, proposed by Republican Mike Christian, suggested using a bag over the inmate's head while pumping nitrogen gas. It has been said that this new method will save the state $200,000 for gas chamber installation, and is considered to be a more "humane" way to execute inmates. Christian, who is the chairman of the House Public Safety Committee, defended his proposal saying that nitrogen gas doesn't cause distress or pain to the condemned prisoner. Christian also pointed out the financial benefits of using gas chambers, comparing it with lethal injections, which have faced supply issues. In recent years, the use of lethal injections has faced many challenges, including legal battles over cocktail mixtures and the difficulty of obtaining these drugs. Many pharmaceutical companies have refused to sell potentially lethal drugs to states that intend to use them. This has prompted states such as Oklahoma to find alternative methods of execution. Alabama, Arizona, Mississippi and Missouri have already legalized the use of nitrogen gas, and it is increasingly becoming a popular choice for states that are struggling to obtain lethal injection drugs. The decision to use gas chambers has not been welcomed by everyone. Critics have raised concerns over the potential risks of suffocation, which can cause distress and suffering to the prisoner. They have also warned that this move may encourage other states to adopt a similar method of execution, leading to a nationwide shift towards the use of gas chambers. Despite these concerns, Oklahoma's decision to use nitrogen gas to execute death row inmates could lead the way for other states to follow suit. As the controversy surrounding the use of lethal injections continues to grow, it remains to be seen whether this new method will become the norm for executions in the US.