article: 'Cost of living' crisis: Labour leader Ed Miliband controversially promised to freeze energy bills if his party wins the General Election next year . Complaints by consumers about their energy supplier have tripled in the past year and are on target to hit 50,000 for 2014, according to figures from the industry ombudsman. In the year to November the Energy Ombudsman received 47,731 complaints, compared with 16,155 for the same period last year. At least 3,500 have been registered every month this year. Energy costs have been at the centre of the ‘cost of living’ crisis that has dominated politics since Labour leader Ed Miliband controversially promised to freeze energy bills if Labour wins the Election next year. The Government responded by persuading energy companies to lop £50 off the average cost of energy bills, which are just over £1,300 a year. An inquiry by regulators into the entire energy market is also under way. There were more than 5,100 complaints in November. Almost 4,400 were about bills. Inaccurate bills accounted for 737 complaints that month. The other main causes of complaints over billing occurred when no bill was received or the charges were disputed. Inaccurate meter readings also accounted for a large proportion of complaints. The number of complaints relating to switching providers, a common cause of dispute in recent years as it has become easier to do and more frequent, fell in November. The top grievance about transferring providers was that the request to switch had not been acted on. Chief Ombudsman Lewis Shand Smith said: ‘While November’s figures show consumers are increasingly willing to escalate complaints when they feel they have been wronged, it is encouraging to see a drop in the number of problems relating to transfers and sales.’ The figures are not broken down for individual energy providers. But in customer service rankings published by consumer organisation Which? in September, npower had the most complaints and ScottishPower was second. Last month, ScottishPower was told by regulator Ofgem to improve customer service within three months or else it will be banned from actively recruiting customers, while npower faced a similar situation earlier this year. Both companies have paid millions of pounds in fines for poor customer service. More than two million households have deserted the Big Six energy suppliers – npower, British Gas, ScottishPower, SSE, E.ON and EDF Energy – which dominate the UK market, for smaller, independent providers. Comparison sites show that consumers can save about £200 a year by switching. Energy UK, which represents the industry, said: ‘Improving customer service is key.’ Problems: One of the main causes of complaints over billing occurred when no bill was received or the charges were disputed. Inaccurate meter readings accounted for a large proportion of complaints. (file image)
highlights: Energy Ombudsman received at least 3,500 complaints each month in 2014 . Main causes were bills, disputed charges and inaccurate meter readings . Comes after Miliband pledged to freeze energy bills if Labour wins election .
id: c3c82e3fa9baf5f43092c6cd38bc1ab85bcdc237
chatgpt: The Energy Ombudsman has reported that they received at least 3,500 complaints each month in 2014. The majority of these complaints were related to bills, disputed charges, and inaccurate meter readings. This news comes after Ed Miliband, the leader of the Labour party, pledged to freeze energy bills if they win the upcoming general election. The Energy Ombudsman is an independent organization that provides advice and resolves disputes between customers and energy suppliers. In 2014, they received an average of 3,500 complaints per month, with complaints often relating to billing errors, disputed charges, and inaccurate meter readings. The main cause for complaints was billing errors. Customers were often charged for incorrect amounts or received bills that were much higher than expected. Disputed charges were also a significant issue, particularly for customers who had recently switched suppliers. Many people found that they were being charged for services they had not received or for fees they were not aware of. Inaccurate meter readings were also a common cause for complaint. Customers found that their energy usage was being calculated incorrectly, resulting in higher bills or inaccurate estimates of their energy usage. These issues have led to frustration and anger among many customers, who feel that they are being overcharged and mistreated by energy suppliers. The Energy Ombudsman urges customers to take complaints directly to their energy suppliers first, giving them the opportunity to resolve the issue before contacting the Ombudsman. This news comes in the wake of Labour leader Ed Miliband's pledge to freeze energy bills if his party wins the election. Miliband has criticized energy companies for their excessive profits and argues that they should be doing more to help customers struggling with rising energy costs. The Labour party's proposal to freeze energy bills has received mixed reactions from industry experts. Some argue that freezing prices would decrease competition and discourage investment in new infrastructure. Others suggest that a price freeze could encourage companies to cut costs and increase efficiency. Regardless of the debate around the proposed price freeze, the Energy Ombudsman's report highlights the need for energy suppliers to improve their customer service and billing practices. Customers have the right to expect accurate bills and fair charges, and suppliers should do everything in their power to ensure that these expectations are met. As the general election approaches, energy prices are becoming an increasingly important issue for voters. The Energy Ombudsman's report provides a sobering reminder of the challenges facing customers, many of whom struggle to afford the rising cost of energy bills. Whether Labour's proposed price freeze will be effective in addressing these issues remains to be seen, but it is clear that energy suppliers need to take a fresh look at their practices and find ways to improve their customer service.