article: By . Mark Duell . Eric Clapton has revealed he is ready to retire from touring after more than 50 years on the road. The 69-year-old British musician said travelling has become ‘unbearable’ and he has concerns about his health, adding that he fears he could end up 'embarrassing' himself. Father-of-four Clapton, who also became a grandfather last year, claimed in addition that he has lost much of his love for touring because most countries are now a ‘different version of America’. Guitar legend: Eric Clapton (pictured performing at Madison Square Garden in New York City last year) claimed that he has lost much of his love for touring because most countries are now a 'different version of America' Family: Clapton, who is the top-winning British artist in Grammy history with 17 awards, married his current wife Melia (pictured together) in 2002, and they have three young daughters - Julie Rose, Ella Mae and Sophie . He told Uncut magazine: ‘There are tons of things I’d like to do but I’m looking at retirement too. I’m 70 next year. I think what I’ll allow myself to do, within reason, is carry on recording in the studio. ‘I don’t want to go off the boil to the point where I’m embarrassing myself. The road has become unbearable. It’s unapproachable, because it takes so long to get anywhere - and it’s hostile. ‘Everywhere. Getting in and out of airports, getting on planes, travelling in cars.’ Clapton added that there could soon be a day when he is no longer able to play the guitar, saying: ‘Maybe. Physically, it might be that I can’t, if it hurts too much. I have odd ailments.’ Long career: Clapton, known as 'Slowhand', rose to fame in the Sixties as a teenager with The Yardbirds . Rocker: Clapton also featured in Cream. He is pictured (right) with bandmates Jack Bruce and Ginger Baker . The musician, who is the top-winning British artist in Grammy history with 17 awards, married his current wife Melia in 2002, and they have three young daughters - Julie Rose, Ella Mae and Sophie. 'I don’t want to go off the boil to the point where I’m embarrassing myself. The road has become unbearable' Eric Clapton . He married his first wife Pattie in 1979, but they had no children and divorced in 1989. Clapton had another daughter, Ruth, in 1985, as a result of an affair with Yvonne Kelly. Ruth, who was not publicly revealed as his daughter until 1991, married her partner Dean Bartlett in 2011. They had a boy, Isaac, last June - who became Clapton’s first grandchild. Clapton, known as ‘Slowhand’, rose to fame in the Sixties as a teenager with The Yardbirds. He also featured in Cream, and his most famous songs include Wonderful Tonight and Tears in Heaven.
highlights: Father-of-four Eric Clapton, 69, says he has concerns about his health . Complains that most countries are now a 'different version of America' Claims there could soon be a day when he can no longer play the guitar . Top-winning British artist in Grammy history became grandfather in 2013 .
id: 390b74782ab86a91fdd68da48b80ea791e740c61
chatgpt: Eric Clapton, the legendary guitarist and top-winning British artist in Grammy history, has recently voiced concerns regarding his health. At 69 years old and the father of four, Clapton worries that he may soon no longer be able to play the guitar. In addition to concerns about his health, Clapton has also expressed dissatisfaction with the current state of global politics. He claims that most countries have become a "different version of America," implying that there has been a shift in values and cultural influence towards the United States. Clapton's criticism appears to be primarily directed towards the current administration and policies of the United States. Despite these concerns, Clapton remains an active musician and performer. He continues to tour and record new music, and his loyal fanbase eagerly awaits his next release. In fact, in 2013, he became a grandfather, marking a new chapter in his personal life. Clapton has had a prolific and influential career in the music industry. He first rose to prominence in the 1960s with his work as a member of the Yardbirds and Cream. He has since had a successful solo career, releasing a number of critically acclaimed albums and earning numerous awards and accolades. Throughout his career, Clapton has been known for his virtuosity on the guitar and his ability to blend various genres of music, including blues, rock, and pop. His style has been influential to countless musicians and has helped to define the sound of modern rock and roll. Fans of Clapton and music lovers around the world will undoubtedly keep a close eye on the musician's health and future endeavors. Despite any challenges he may face, it is clear that Clapton's influence and impact on the music industry will endure for many years to come.