article: Forget the Top of the Rock or the Empire State. The best view of New York City last weekend was from the air, as five Red Bull Air Force Wingsuit Flyers accomplished their dream of skydiving from above one of the world’s most recognizable skylines - Manhattan and managed to catch it all on tape via headcam. The flight was in anticipation of the 2014 Bethpage Air Show at Jones Beach in Long Island this Memorial Day Weekend. Five Red Bull Air Force Wingsuit Flyers prepare to jump from an airplane and glide over NYC . All five of them jump from the aircraft and begin their exhilarating descent . The team resemble superheroes as they make their way down towards the glistening skyscrapers . As they come closer to the concrete and the Hudson River, the brave flyers pop their parachutes to prepare for landing . The elite aerial athletes of the Red Bull Air Force, who have performed at the locations in the world, started at the southern tip of the island, jumping from a plane at an altitude of 7,500 feet. They were traveling at speeds of about 120 mph and headed uptown, passing the skyscrapers of the Financial District. The flight lasted about two miles and took about two minutes. It finished with the crew landing on a barge in the Hudson River. The troop was made up of Wingsuit Flyers Jon Devore, Jeff Provenzano, Amy Chmelecki, Sean MacCormac and Andy Farrington are part of the Red Bull Air Force (RBAF). 'Being from New York, this is so special and I’ve been dreaming about this since I was a kid,' said Provenzano, who grew up just north of the city. 'It’s been years of looking up at the big buildings and wondering if there is a day that I can fly over them. 'That day was today.' The Red Bull Air Force will be performing multiple jumps for the large crowds expected at the Bethpage Air Show at Jones Beach. The fete will also feature Military aircraft flying information, an airshow and skydiving. The RedBull parachutes are out and the gliders are just about to touch the ground . They zoom towards the landing dock on the Hudson river and are greeted by enthusiastic cheers . High five! The flyers get a thumbs up for an awesome flight and realistic vertigo inducing footage .
highlights: The flight was in anticipation of the 2014 Bethpage Air Show at Jones Beach in Long Island this Memorial Day Weekend . The elite aerial athletes of the Red Bull Air Force jumped from an altitude of 7,500 feet . The flight lasted about two miles and took about two minutes .
id: f72694eac3d2d915a503945f0500641a24318a65
chatgpt: The skies over Long Island were buzzing with excitement as the Red Bull Air Force took to the air in anticipation of the 2014 Bethpage Air Show at Jones Beach. With Memorial Day Weekend fast approaching, the elite aerial athletes of the Red Bull team were eager to show off their skills to the gathered crowds below. As the Red Bull Air Force geared up for their jump, spectators could feel the anticipation building. The team members, all experienced skydivers and BASE jumpers, were about to embark on a breathtaking display of aerial acrobatics. Finally, the moment arrived. The Red Bull Air Force soared to an altitude of 7,500 feet before jumping from the plane one by one. The sight of the team members hurtling towards the earth at breakneck speeds was both terrifying and exhilarating. Despite the danger involved, these daredevils of the sky were unphased. They expertly maneuvered their way through the air, showcasing a level of skill and precision that was truly awe-inspiring. The flight lasted about two miles and took approximately two minutes to complete. As the Red Bull Air Force landed safely on the ground, the crowd erupted into applause. The display had been a massive success – a thrilling preview of the spectacular aerial shows that would be taking place at the upcoming Bethpage Air Show. For those who missed the Red Bull Air Force's performance, however, there was no need to worry. The Bethpage Air Show would be taking place over the entire Memorial Day Weekend, offering attendees plenty of opportunities to witness the awe-inspiring aerial displays for themselves. In addition to the Red Bull Air Force, the air show would feature a variety of other talented performers, including the United States Navy Blue Angels and the Royal Canadian Air Force Snowbirds. With so many amazing aerial feats to witness, it was sure to be a weekend that attendees would never forget. As the excitement of the Red Bull Air Force's performance faded away, anticipation continued to build for the upcoming Bethpage Air Show. With so many talented pilots and performers taking part, it was clear that Long Island's skies were set to become a hotspot for aviation enthusiasts across the country.