article: A New York woman who falsely claimed to be a grieving family member of a Sandy Hook shooting victim and set up a fake charity to defraud donors has been sentenced to eight months in prison, according to a spokesman for the U.S. Attorney's office. Nouel Alba, 37, will also serve two years of supervised release but will not have to pay a fine, said Thomas Carson of the U.S. Attorney's office.  Alba plead guilty in June to wire fraud and lying to FBI agents, federal prosecutors in Connecticut said. Alba, prosecutors said, set up false bank accounts and claimed she was collecting for a "funeral fund" set up on behalf of Noah Pozner, one of the 20 children killed in the December attacks. The woman allegedly claimed to be an aunt of the Sandy Hook Elementary School student. Donations were solicited on a Facebook page that Alba had created and to which she had posted photos of Noah. Donors sent $240 to a PayPal account between December 14 and 20, federal prosecutors in New York said earlier this year. Alba's public defender, Deirdre Murray, did not respond to CNN's request for comment. CNN was alerted to the story by a relative of the Pozner family. A CNN producer and camera crew went to Alba's home in the Bronx, New York. She said that the bank account referenced on her Facebook page did in fact belong to her. Alba denied being involved in a scam during an appearance on CNN's "Anderson Cooper 360" in December. The U.S. Attorney's office said FBI agents contacted Alba after seeing the CNN report and that she told the agents the same thing she told CNN. Alba falsely told agents that she did not post information related to Newtown on her Facebook account or have contact with anyone about such postings or access her PayPal account, prosecutors said in a statement. "The thought that someone would scheme so quickly and deliberately to benefit from an unspeakable tragedy is beyond belief," Kimberly Mertz, FBI special agent in charge, said in a statement. "While there wasn't a substantial loss of money in this investigation, there were losses beyond any pecuniary measure." The indictment against Alba in December cited CNN's reporting. Noah, 6, and 19 other children and six adults were shot to death at the Newtown school on December 14. The gunman, Adam Lanza, 20, killed himself after the rampage. Remember the victims of the Sandy Hook shootings . Newtown mom: 'Real heroes' in America's schools .
highlights: Bronx resident Nouel Alba, 37, will also serve two years of supervised release . She pleaded guilty in June to wire fraud and lying to FBI agents . Prosecutors: Alba falsely claimed to be an aunt of massacre victim Noah Pozner . She set up a Facebook page asking for funeral donations, they say .
id: 1c2411f6038864387e1dd65bac20b18fca7fefb4
chatgpt: Bronx resident, Nouel Alba, 37, has been sentenced to two years in prison for wire fraud and lying to FBI agents. Alba pleaded guilty in June to falsely claiming to be an aunt of massacre victim Noah Pozner and setting up a Facebook page asking for funeral donations. According to prosecutors, Alba's actions came shortly after the Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting in 2012, which claimed the lives of 20 children and six adults. She allegedly created an account in the name of "Victorian Glam Fairys" and claimed that the account belonged to Noah Pozner's aunt. Following the creation of the Facebook page, Alba then pleaded for donations to help pay for the youngster's funeral. Prosecutors stated that she used the donations for her own purposes, spending them on herself and covering her own rent expenses. Alba's actions were reported to the authorities by a New York woman who had donated money to the page. This led to an investigation being launched, during which Alba initially denied any involvement in the case. However, she later confessed to her crimes, leading to her guilty plea earlier this year. During her sentencing, Alba was also ordered to serve two years of supervised release following her release from prison. In a statement, Connecticut U.S. Attorney John Durham called Alba's actions "reprehensible" and added that they exploited "the deeply felt emotions of those who mourned the loss of Noah Pozner." He went on to say that Alba's sentence should act as a warning to those who may attempt to exploit such tragic events in the future. "In this age of instant and widespread communication, it is more important than ever that when the public is asked to donate to help those in need, it is done in a legitimate fashion," Durham added. Alba's case is not the only one in which individuals have been accused of fraudulently appealing for donations following such tragedies. In recent years, a number of scams have been uncovered, including following the Manchester Arena bombing in 2017 and the Grenfell Tower fire in London in 2018. As such, it is important for members of the public to exercise caution when making donations following such events. Individuals should ensure that they are donating through a reputable source and that their contributions will go directly to those affected.