article: By . MailOnline Reporter . Amy Tatsch thought the worst had already passed when she was rescued off a Florida beach after being bitten by a 6-foot bull shark. But as she soon discovered, her struggle had barely begun. The mother of six, who was boogie boarding in waist-deep waters when she was bitten, says the next 13 days of her life were a 'blur' as her wound got infected from the ocean's bacteria-filled water. 'I really didn’t think I was going to make it back out with the amount of blood I saw,' Tatsch, 38, told ABC News about the attack that cut down to the bone on her lower right leg. Survivor: Amy Tatsch, a mother of six, was boogie boarding when a 6-foot bull shark tore off a huge chunk of her lower right leg . Doctors say that sharks' razor-sharp teeth aren't the only reason why their bites are deadly. Infections, which are common in shark bites, can at times be even scarier. 'Sea water is actually quite dirty," Dr. Daniel Segina, who treated Tatsch, told Florida Today. 'Not necessarily polluted dirty, but you have animals that live in the ocean and there is sand and dirt that float around in that environment,' he added. 'The contamination factor of a wound that is suffered in that type of aquatic environment is very high." Segina, a traumatologist in Melbourne, Florida, said he doesn't use chemicals to clean up the wound. 'Just sterile water,' he told ABC News. 'For the most part, it’s been shown to be the most effective.' In Tastch's case, her infection resulted in severe pain after she the bite let her leg barely recognizable. She lost a muscle and her Achilles tendon was torn. She also needed a plasma transfution. Tatsch's injury got even worse once it became infected due to bacteria-filled ocean waters. It took her five surgeries and copious rounds of physical therapy before she could walk again weeks later . Her accident was nearly three months ago, but she's only just started walking without crutches two weeks past. She's yet to go back on a boogie board. 'But I have gone back in the water,' she added to ABC News.
highlights: Doctors say the ocean's dirty waters can infect bite wounds and lead to pain worse than the bite itself . Amy Tatsch, a mother of six, talks about her long road to recovery after being attacked off the coast of florida Florida .
id: 1fdb965c330003acc6bfaf18a78dbdc6be927658
chatgpt: Doctors are warning the public about the dangers of dirty ocean waters, which can lead to serious infections in bite wounds. One woman's experience serves as a cautionary tale. Amy Tatsch, a mother of six, was on a beach vacation in Florida when she was attacked by a shark. The attack left her with a deep bite wound on her leg, which she initially thought would heal quickly with some antibiotic ointment and rest. However, her wound quickly became infected, leading to excruciating pain and a long road to recovery. Doctors say that dirty ocean waters are often to blame for infections in bite wounds, as bacteria and other pathogens can easily enter the wound and cause serious harm. Tatsch's experience is not unusual – in fact, doctors see many cases of infected bite wounds each year, particularly in areas where ocean water quality is poor. According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), there are several types of infections that can occur as a result of a bite wound in dirty water. These can range from minor skin infections to life-threatening illnesses, such as sepsis. In Tatsch's case, she suffered from a condition known as necrotizing fasciitis, or flesh-eating bacteria, which required multiple surgeries and a lengthy hospital stay. Tatsch says that her experience has taught her the importance of taking ocean water quality seriously, and she encourages others to do the same. "I never really thought about the water quality before," she says. "But now, I know that it can make a huge difference in your health and well-being." Doctors agree, noting that ocean water quality is an issue that affects not just swimmers and beachgoers, but also fishermen, surfers, and others who spend time in or near the ocean. They advise anyone with a bite wound or other injury to seek medical attention promptly, and to avoid contact with ocean water until the wound has healed completely. As for Tatsch, she says that she is grateful to be on the road to recovery, and that she will never take her health for granted again. "It's been a long road, but I'm getting stronger every day," she says. "And I hope that my story can help others stay safe and healthy in the ocean."