article: (CNN) -- Was this the real Rory McIlroy or an imposter? Given it's Halloween, it's a fair question. The former world No. 1 hasn't won a title all year but led Shanghai's HSBC Champions -- the fourth and final World Golf Championships event of 2013 -- after the first round and then proclaimed it was his finest 18 holes this season. It bodes well for the Northern Irishman, who is chasing a spot at the season-ending event on the European Tour, the World Tour Championship in Dubai. Perhaps beating Tiger Woods in an exhibition this week in China gave sixth-ranked McIlroy an added boost after a difficult year in which he failed to qualify for the PGA Tour's 30-man finale. McIlroy said Thursday's seven-under-par 65 bettered his 64 at the Deutsche Bank Championship in Boston at the end of August. "That was a good round of golf," the 24-year-old told reporters. "But this is probably better just because it was a little trickier conditions. There was a bit of breeze and you've got to play good golf to shoot seven under around this place. "It's only one round of golf, but it's definitely the way I wanted, and needed, to start this week, keeping in mind that I obviously want to play myself into Dubai and try to pick up my first win of the season, as well. "It's one of the best rounds I've played this season." McIlroy struck eight birdies and only one bogey, on the 11th hole. "It felt good to be out there and be in control of my golf ball," he said. "It's a great start, but it's only 18 holes. "I've tried to stay patient the entire season, and I know that if I believe that I'm working on the right things -- and I am working on the right things -- then things will start to fall into place sooner or later." McIlroy was two shots clear of Spain's Gonzalo Fernandez-Castano and Wales' Jamie Donaldson. U.S. Open champion Justin Rose and former Masters winner Bubba Watson were another shot back. British Open champion Phil Mickelson was tied for 28th, six shots behind McIlroy. Although he finished at one-under-par 71, his round was undone by a quadruple bogey on the eighth when he twice found the water, and he dropped another shot at the following hole -- his last, having started on the back nine. Recently crowned FedEx Cup champion Henrik Stenson struggled, with the Swede finishing at two-over-par 74 to be tied for 57th in the 78-man field at Sheshan International.
highlights: Rory McIlroy leads Shanghai's HSBC Champions after the first round . The Northern Irishman struck eight birdies and one bogey in his opening round . McIlroy, without a title in 2013, is chasing a spot at Dubai's World Tour Championship . British Open champion Phil Mickelson is six shots behind McIlroy after a one-under 71 .
id: e59b32b80956b5fe75aac47cd0b4e7e79352f5f7
chatgpt: World number three, Rory McIlroy, leads the Shanghai's HSBC Champions tournament after hitting an impressive opening round of 65, consisting of eight birds and just one bogey. The Northern Irishman is hoping to secure a place at Dubai's World Tour Championship and is yet to win a title in 2013. His outstanding performance in the first round has positioned him as the main favorite to win the tournament.  McIlroy's form was immaculate throughout the day with a birdie on the par-four third followed by successive birdies on the fifth, sixth, and seventh. He further increased his lead by birdying six of the next ten holes, proving that he was in excellent form. His only blip came on the par-four 12th where he bogeyed, but the 24-year-old was unperturbed and regained his composure to end with a birdie on the last hole.  Phil Mickelson, the British Open champion, is six strokes behind McIlroy, who is leading the pack by almost a double-digit margin. The American player shot a one-under 71 on the first day, which included three birdies and two bogeys. He, however, had trouble on the fourth hole; his drive sending the ball over the green and into the water hazard. Mickelson's approach shot landed in the deep rough and he couldn't recover despite a gallant effort.  Defending champion, Ian Poulter, had an average day and missed the mark on the front nine. The Englishman managed to birdie three of his last four holes to finish with a two-under 70, tied in fifth place with American Dustin Johnson. James Kingston of South Africa was two strokes behind McIlroy, in second place.  The Shanghai HSBC Champions is McIlroy's penultimate chance to make the Dubai World Tour Championship with a strong finish. It's been a rather quiet year for the Northern Irishman, with some critics questioning his form and calling for his coach's - Wayne Smith - resignation. However, his recent performances have silenced the critics, and he's looking to carry the momentum forward. The Northern Irishman is hoping to secure his debut World Tour Championship by winning this tournament. He has been working hard on his putting and believes that his recent performances on the golf course have been a reflection of his hard work.  The Shanghai HSBC Champions has attracted an array of talented golfers, and McIlroy is proving to be the favorite to win the title. With the stunning form he has been exhibiting, his competitors will have to work twice as hard to catch up to him. Nevertheless, golf is unpredictable and McIlroy will have to maintain his composure and form to maintain his lead in the coming days.