article: (CNN) -- Police have found evidence that "strongly indicates" a 12-year-old boy who was witnessed being snatched by a crocodile in a remote part of Australia was killed in the attack. "No specifics will be given in relation to the trauma or type of evidence located out of respect for the family," acting police commander Michael White said in a statement Tuesday. The family of the boy -- who would have returned to school Tuesday after the summer break -- have been informed, a spokeswoman for the Northern Territory police, Rebecca Forrest, told CNN. "As expected they're grieving," Forrest said. "But the evidence is there that he's deceased." As search crews continued to gather evidence Tuesday, shoot-to-kill orders remained in place for crocodiles longer than two meters around the small community where the attack occurred. Three animals have been killed so far, ranging from 2.5 to 4.7 meters in length, Forrest said. The boy had been swimming with four other children in a water hole near Mudginberri in the Northern Territory's Kakadu National Park on Sunday afternoon, when a saltwater crocodile attacked the group. One of the boys, aged 15, was bitten by the animal but managed to escape. The crocodile then turned on his friend, aged 12, said police sergeant Stephen Constable. "The 15-year-old boy was grabbed on his right arm. He started fighting off the croc, and it took him by the left arm; then it let him go and took hold of the 12-year-old boy, and swam off with him." Police officers and park rangers have been using helicopters and boats to search the area since the attack occurred. A crocodile expert who examined the first boy's wounds, believed the crocodile was between 2.5 to three meters long (around eight to nine feet), Constable said. Search crews have also been looking for larger crocodiles that may have attacked the one that took the 12-year-old. "On occasion a smaller crocodile may take some food, and a bigger crocodile will take it off them," said Constable. According to local media reports, people had been warned against swimming in the area after a teenager survived an attack by a five-meter-long crocodile in the region in January last year. Constable said this time of year is particularly dangerous due to seasonal flooding. Australian boy says kangaroo saved him . Coroner rules dingo to blame for Australian baby's death . CNN's Pierre Meilhan contributed to this report.
highlights: NEW Police have found evidence a 12-year-old was killed in a crocodile attack in northern Australia . A second boy, 15, was bitten but escaped . The crocodile is believed to measure 2.5 to three meters (eight to nine feet) long .
id: d9fafac745e612847fa54d8676b5a809fd391e15
chatgpt: In a shocking turn of events, police in northern Australia have discovered evidence suggesting that a 12-year-old boy was killed in a crocodile attack. The attack took place in a remote area, where the two boys had been fishing. According to reports, the second boy, aged 15, was also attacked by the crocodile but managed to escape. It is believed that the crocodile measures between 2.5 and 3 meters (8 to 9 feet) long. The incident has sent shockwaves throughout the community, with many expressing their condolences for the family of the young boy who lost his life in the attack. Crocodile attacks are not uncommon in northern Australia, a region known for its vast stretches of wetlands and large populations of crocodiles. In recent years, however, there has been a significant increase in the number of crocodile attacks reported in the area. Local authorities have been quick to stress the importance of taking precautions when venturing into areas known to be inhabited by crocodiles. This includes following warning signs, staying away from the water's edge, and never swimming in areas where crocodiles are known to be present. The incident has also raised questions about the effectiveness of measures currently in place to protect people from crocodile attacks. While warning signs and other measures have been put in place, incidents like this demonstrate that there is still much work to be done to ensure the safety of the public. Police and wildlife authorities are currently carrying out investigations into the incident, which is surrounded by a great deal of mystery. Authorities are urging anyone with any information about the attack to come forward to assist with the investigation. This tragic incident serves as a stark reminder of the dangers that can lurk in the wild, and of the importance of taking every precaution when venturing into potentially dangerous areas. Our thoughts are with the family of the young boy who lost his life in this terrible incident.