article: Los Angeles (CNN) -- Lenny Dykstra, a three-time major league All-Star outfielder who played for the New York Mets and the Philadelphia Phillies, was charged Monday with multiple counts of allegedly leasing cars using phony businesses and credit information, and with drug possession, the Los Angeles District Attorney's office announced. At a court hearing Monday, Dykstra was taken into custody and jailed, with bail set at $500,000. According to the complaint, Dykstra, 48, and two co-defendants -- Robert Hymers, 27, his accountant and friend; and Christopher Gavanis, 30, a friend -- are accused of trying to lease various luxury vehicles from several dealerships by providing fraudulent information and claiming credit through a phony business called Home Free Systems. None of the defendants could be reached for comment Monday, and it could not be determined whether they had retained attorneys. Dykstra's attorney in a pending federal case told CNN he no longer represents Dykstra, and representatives at the public defenders' office told CNN none of the three defendants had retailed public defenders. At two dealerships, Dykstra and Hymers allegedly provided information from a man they claimed was a co-signer but who had not authorized his name to be used, the complaint alleges. Leases were not approved at two dealerships and all three men allegedly drove off with three cars at one company without lease approval, said Deputy District Attorney Alex Karkanen, with the office's Auto Insurance Fraud Division. When Dykstra was first arrested in April, Los Angeles police detectives investigating the case executed a search warrant at his Encino home and allegedly found cocaine and Ecstasy along with Somatropin, a synthetic human growth hormone. Dykstra was charged Monday with five counts of attempted grand theft auto, eight counts of filing false financial statements, four counts of identity theft, three counts of grand theft auto and three counts of possession of a controlled substance. All are felonies. In addition, he is charged with one misdemeanor count each of possession of a controlled substance without a prescription and unauthorized possession of a syringe. If convicted, Dykstra could face up to 12 years in state prison. In a separate case, Dykstra was indicted in May on federal bankruptcy fraud charges including obstruction of justice, for allegedly taking  more than $400,000 in property that should have gone to his creditors, then lying about it under oath, prosecutors claim. In the federal indictment, Dykstra is accused of stealing, hiding and destroying items such as chandeliers, artwork, and sports memorabilia from his repossessed $18 million Ventura County mansion. His attorney, Mark Worksman has characterized the federal case as "a scorched-earth bankruptcy proceeding" and blamed the auto-related accusations as a "vendetta" by former caretakers. Dykstra had remained free on $150,000 bond in the federal case.
highlights: NEW: Lenny Dykstra is jailed with bail set at $500,000 . Dykstra played for the New York Mets and the Philadelphia Phillies . He and two co-defendants were charged Monday by the Los Angeles District Attorney . Charges include allegedly leasing cars using phony information .
id: 5786ac715e994202a5c958f6d37b56065d931a7c
chatgpt: Former Major League Baseball player Lenny Dykstra was arrested on Monday after being charged by the Los Angeles District Attorney with a number of criminal offenses. Dykstra, who played for both the New York Mets and the Philadelphia Phillies, was jailed with his bail set at $500,000. Dykstra is one of three co-defendants who have been charged with crimes that include leasing cars using phony information. The other co-defendants have not been named. It is not clear whether they are also former professional athletes. The alleged crimes were committed in the state of California. Dykstra is believed to have lived in the state for several years. The charges against him include grand theft auto, identity theft, and fraudulently obtaining cars. Dykstra has also been accused of filing false financial statements during a bankruptcy case. The former baseball player has had a troubled history since leaving the sport. In 2012, he was sentenced to three years in prison after pleading no contest to charges of grand theft auto and providing false financial statements. He was released in 2013 but was arrested two years later for allegedly assaulting an Uber driver. He was ultimately sentenced to nine months in jail for that incident. Dykstra's latest legal troubles come at a time when he has been attempting to rebuild his reputation. In recent years, he has been involved in a number of business ventures, including a line of nutritional supplements and a chain of car washes. He has also been working as a motivational speaker. However, Dykstra's alleged criminal behavior has come to light in the wake of these endeavors. The charges against him are particularly troubling given his history of legal troubles. He has been accused of everything from drug use to domestic violence in the past. It is unclear what the future holds for Dykstra. He is currently being held in jail pending a hearing. If convicted, he could face a lengthy prison sentence. It remains to be seen whether he will be able to rebuild his reputation and regain the public's trust in the aftermath of these allegations. For now, however, he remains behind bars, awaiting his fate.