article: By . Associated Press . Busted: Leo Sharp was a drug courier and known as 'grandad' to the Sinaloa cartel . An 89-year-old drug mule for the notorious Sinaloa cartel known as 'old man' who hauled cocaine across the country should be spared prison because of his dementia his attorney said on Tuesday. World War II veteran Leo Sharp, is due back in Detroit federal court on his 90th birthday on May 7 for sentencing after being caught in 2011 with $3 million of drugs belonging to the Mexican cartel on Interstate 94. His attorney filed an 18-page sentencing memo, hoping to persuade a judge that home confinement would be appropriate for the Michigan City, Indiana resident. 'He is a colorful, self-made, charitable man who has worked hard throughout this entire admirable, extraordinary, and long life,' Darryl Goldberg wrote. 'Mr. Sharp made a monumental mistake at a moment of perceived financial weakness, and was exploited and threatened, but his conduct in this case was truly an aberration from a law-abiding life.' He admitted he was responsible for transporting more than 1,400 pounds of drugs that originated in Arizona. The government said it has evidence that Sharp was transporting marijuana and cocaine from the West Coast back in 2000. 'Mr. Sharp is dreadfully sorry,' Goldberg said. Scroll Down to Watch Video . Jailed: Leo Sharp is America's oldest drug mule after he was caught with 230lb of a Mexican cartel's cocaine . In preparation for the sentencing hearing, Sharp told court officials that he needed money. He said he was threatened when he tried to stop transporting drugs. Sharp was diagnosed with dementia and other health problems and would be an expensive burden on the government if sent to prison, Goldberg said. He is a World War II veteran who fought in Italy and was awarded the Bronze Star, the fourth-highest honor, for his service, Goldberg said. Sharp was arrested in October 2011 following a routine traffic stop. Leo Sharp was found guilty of transporting cocaine across America for a notorious Mexican drug cartel . When the trooper asked Sharp if he could search the truck, the octogenarian refused. So the trooper requested a backup unit with a dog trained to detect bombs and illegal drugs. As the animal walked around the rear of Sharp's truck, it alerted to the possible presence of narcotics, the complaint said. During a subsequent search of the truck bed, troopers found 104 bricks of cocaine stashed in five bags with a wholesale value of $2.9million. The married father-of-three made a highly amusing appearance at the court hearing, telling the judge he lost his hearing after a cannon fired close to him during the 'war'. When he was told he would have to take a drug test, he said: 'I've never used a drug in my life. Ever.' Sharp was charged with conspiracy and possession with intent to distribute cocaine. If convicted, he faces at least ten years in prison.
highlights: Leo Sharp, 89, is due to be sentenced to five years in prison after being arrested smuggling $3 million of cocaine across the United States . Was working with the notorious Sinaloa cartel to transport the drugs . His 90th birthday is on May 7 - the day he is due to be sentenced . His lawyer is arguing that Sharp is suffering dementia and should be spared jail . Served with distinction in WWII in Italy and was awarded the Bronze Star . Became a drug mule in his mid-80s after being approached by the cartel . The logic was that an old man who never be stopped by police .
id: e0b88ae91b1bbdd97f781d34d5965874561e07cf
chatgpt: Leo Sharp, an 89-year-old World War II veteran who became a drug mule for the notorious Sinaloa cartel, is due to be sentenced to five years in prison after being arrested with $3 million worth of cocaine at a Michigan rest stop in 2011. His sentencing is set for May 7, which also happens to be his 90th birthday. Although Sharp was awarded the Bronze Star for his service in Italy during the war, he became involved with the cartel in his mid-80s after being approached by members who believed an elderly man would never be suspected by law enforcement. He worked as a drug mule, transporting large quantities of cocaine across the country until his arrest in 2011. Sharp's defense attorney has argued that his client suffers from dementia and should not be incarcerated, but rather placed in a care home. In a plea deal, government prosecutors have agreed to recommend a sentence of three years and seven months in prison, as well as a $500,000 fine. Despite his advanced age and military service, Sharp's involvement with the cartel has garnered national attention and raised questions about the lengths individuals will go to in order to earn money. It has also highlighted the risk of drug trafficking as a lucrative business for both young and old individuals. The Sinaloa cartel, which is one of the largest drug trafficking organizations in the world, has been responsible for a significant amount of illegal activity in the United States and Mexico. The group's leader, Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman, was recently sentenced to life in prison after being convicted of drug trafficking and other crimes. Sharp's case is not unique, as drug trafficking organizations often prey on vulnerable individuals, including the elderly and those struggling financially. The case serves as a reminder of the urgent need to address the underlying issues that lead individuals to engage in drug trafficking, as well as to hold criminal organizations accountable for their actions. Despite the arguments for and against a prison sentence for Sharp, the fact remains that he played a role in a dangerous and illegal operation that has had devastating consequences for countless people. As the nation grapples with the ongoing opioid epidemic and other drug-related issues, it is important to recognize the impact of drug trafficking and work towards solutions that promote justice, rehabilitation, and support for those impacted by addiction. As Sharp's sentencing approaches, the nation will be watching to see how the justice system addresses his case and what the repercussions will be for both him and the wider community. Regardless of the outcome, the case serves as a reminder of the human cost of drug trafficking and the urgent need for comprehensive solutions to address the issue.