article: (CNN) -- Debra Lafave, the former Florida middle school teacher convicted of having sex with a student, violated her probation by hugging a young co-worker, a Florida judge found Thursday. Debra Lafave was arrested after talking with a teenager. She is not allowed to have contact with anyone under 18. But the judge did not send Lafave to jail, saying the violation was "not willful and substantial." "Please don't come back," he scolded. Dressed in a tailored, black pantsuit, Lafave said she had "innocent" physical contact with a female co-worker she knew as under age 18.  Watch Lafave in the courtroom » . At the time, she and the 17-year-old hostess worked at Danny Boy's, a small restaurant in the Tampa, Florida, area. Lafave, 27, pleaded guilty in November 2005 to having sex with a 14-year-old boy and was sentenced to three years under house arrest and seven years of probation. Lafave was required to register as a sex offender and ordered not to have any contact with minors. A tracking device she carries as part of her probation went off in court, prompting the prosecutor to observe, "I think she's accounted for." Lafave acknowledged she was aware that hugs and other forms of physical contact -- as well as conversations about sex -- with minors violated terms of her probation. She referred to the sexually explicit conversations at work as just "girl talk." Lafave denied talking about her sex life with co-workers. "I don't speak that way about my personal life," she said. But she added that her co-workers spoke freely about sex in a "small group setting." While other co-workers socialized outside work, Lafave said, the 17-year-old was not included in those outings. Asked why she hugged the young co-worker, Lafave explained it was a small restaurant with a casual atmosphere where co-workers felt like family. The contact came, she said, "out of my good nature, that's the way it worked." The contacts that led to Thursday's probation violation hearing first surfaced during two polygraph tests administered as part of Lafave's court-ordered supervision. She received a verbal reprimand a year ago, according to testimony. When the behavior continued, her probation officer asked a judge to find her in violation. She was ordered to quit the restaurant job and now works as a receptionist in her mother's beauty shop. In the past, Lafave has said she suffers from bipolar disorder and is receiving treatment. E-mail to a friend .
highlights: NEW: Judge finds former teacher in violation of probation in student sex case . But judge spares Debra Lafave from jail, warns her "don't come back" Lafave's probation forbids her to have contact with anyone under 18 .
id: d5342fb6d8d522f336f2ce34eaa6e62446c0da2e
chatgpt: Debra Lafave, a former middle-school teacher who gained national attention for having sex with a student in 2004, has been found in violation of her probation by a Florida judge. The judge, however, did not sentence Lafave to jail time, but rather warned her, "Don't come back." Lafave had been on probation since 2005 after pleading guilty to having sex with a 14-year-old student twice in 2004. As part of her probation, Lafave was forbidden from having any contact with anyone under the age of 18, including her own children. In 2017, Lafave violated her probation when she was found to be living with a man who had two young children. She was also reportedly caught in a car with a teenage boy. During the hearing, Lafave's attorney argued that his client's probation had become "problematic" due to the restrictions placed upon her. He also stated that Lafave had been working hard to comply with the terms of her probation, which included undergoing therapy and drug testing. In response, the judge acknowledged that Lafave had made progress, but emphasized the seriousness of her crime, stating, "You're lucky you're not going to jail today." The judge also warned Lafave that if she violated her probation again, she would face severe consequences. "It's not going to get any easier if you come back," he told her. Lafave's case gained national attention in 2004 when it was discovered that she had been having sex with a 14-year-old student at the school where she taught. She pleaded guilty to two counts of lewd and lascivious battery, and was sentenced to three years of house arrest and seven years of probation. The case prompted nationwide debate about the gender double standard in cases of sexual abuse involving teachers and students, as Lafave's appearance and gender were often cited as factors in why she received such lenient treatment. Ultimately, while Lafave was found to have violated her probation, the judge's decision to spare her from jail time has stirred up controversy. Some argue that she should be held to the same standard as any other offender, while others believe that the judge's decision was appropriate given the progress Lafave has made in complying with her probation.