article: (CNN) -- A multistate romaine lettuce recall because of fear of contamination with a potentially deadly bacteria has restaurants east of the Mississippi River scrambling to assure customers that their salad is safe. "We have taken the extra precaution of contacting our lettuce supply chain partners to ensure that our product meets our usual high standard of quality," New York-based franchise Just Salad said in an e-mail to its customers. "We are happy to say that we have confirmed that this recall will have no effect on Just Salad's romaine lettuce," the e-mail said. On Thursday, Freshway Foods in Sidney, Ohio, announced a voluntary recall of products containing shredded romaine lettuce with a use-by date of May 12 or earlier because they may be contaminated with E. coli linked to outbreak of illness. Read about recall on CNN's This Just in . Yum! Brands -- the largest restaurant company, and owner of popular fast food chains KFC, Pizza Hut, Taco Bell and Long John Silver's -- said Freshway Foods is a not supplier to any of its brands. The romaine lettuce, sold under the Freshway and Imperial Sysco brands, was recalled in connection with an E. coli outbreak that has sickened at least 19 people in Michigan, Ohio and New York. Most E. coli strains are harmless, but some cause severe illness. Diarrhea, urinary tract infections, pneumonia and other respiratory illnesses are just some of the consequences of ingesting certain kinds of the bacteria. Blog: What you need to know about E. coli . The lettuce under recall was sold to wholesalers and food service outlets in Alabama, Connecticut, the District of Columbia, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Indiana, Kansas, Kentucky, Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, Missouri, New Jersey, New York, North Carolina, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, West Virginia and Wisconsin. Freshway Foods also advised consumers not to eat "grab and go" salads sold at in-store salad bars and delis at Kroger, Giant Eagle, Ingles Markets and Marsh stores in 23 states and the District of Columbia. The Freshway recall does not affect bagged and prepackaged romaine lettuce mixes sold in the produce section. "It is important to note that bulk and prepackaged romaine or bagged salad mixes containing romaine that were purchased in supermarkets are not included in this recall; Freshway Foods does not produce these products," Freshway said in a statement. Consumers with recall questions and concerns can contact Freshway Foods at 888-361-7106 or visit its website, www.freshwayfoods.com.
highlights: Just Salad sent e-mail to customers saying it confirmed safety . Freshway Foods is voluntarily recalling lettuce possibly contaminated with E. coli . E. coli outbreak has sickened 19 people in Michigan, Ohio and New York .
id: 55a4afcff7032968151820c596ac08758772a7a8
chatgpt: Just Salad, the popular fast-food chain, has confirmed the safety of its lettuce supply in the wake of a widespread E. coli outbreak. The outbreak has so far sickened 19 people across Michigan, Ohio, and New York. Freshway Foods, a lettuce supplier for many restaurants and retailers, has issued a voluntary recall of its lettuce products, which may have been contaminated with the E. coli bacteria. In an email sent to its customers, Just Salad assured them that its lettuce supply was not affected by the contamination. "We want to assure our customers that our lettuce supply is safe," the email said. The fast-food chain added that it sources its lettuce from other suppliers, and that all of its products are subject to rigorous safety checks. The E. coli outbreak, which was first reported in early October, has been linked to Freshway Foods' lettuce products. According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), the outbreak has so far sickened 19 people across three states. Of the 19 people, nine have been hospitalized, and two have developed a type of kidney failure called hemolytic uremic syndrome (HUS), which can be life-threatening. Freshway Foods, which is based in Ohio, has voluntarily recalled its lettuce products, which were distributed to retailers and restaurants in 27 states and the District of Columbia. The affected products include romaine lettuce and other items that contain romaine lettuce, such as salad mixes. The CDC has advised consumers not to eat any products containing romaine lettuce from Freshway Foods, and to throw away any such products they may have in their homes. The agency also warned consumers to wash and sanitize any surfaces that came into contact with the lettuce. The E. coli bacteria can cause intestinal illness, which can lead to symptoms such as diarrhea, fever, and abdominal cramps. In severe cases, it can lead to HUS, which can cause kidney failure and other serious health problems. The bacteria is spread through contaminated food and water, and can be difficult to detect because it doesn't change the taste, smell or appearance of food. Food safety experts say that outbreaks like this underscore the need for better oversight of the food supply chain. "This kind of outbreak highlights the importance of having robust food safety systems in place, from the farm to the table," said Dr. Sami Gottlieb, director of the CDC's Division of Foodborne, Waterborne, and Environmental Diseases. For now, Just Salad customers can rest easy knowing that their lettuce supply is safe. However, the E. coli outbreak is a stark reminder of the risks that come with consuming contaminated food. As always, consumers are advised to take precautions, such as washing their hands and sanitizing surfaces, when preparing food at home.