article: On Sunday, Ashley Barnes scored to rescue a point for Burnley against the might of Manchester City at the Etihad Stadium. But in March 2013, while playing for Brighton in the Championship, Barnes was far from the hero as he picked up a seven-game ban for tripping a referee. With the Seagulls losing 1-0 to Bolton in the dying minutes, the midfielder saw red and lashed out at official Nigel Miller, landing himself in hot water with the Football Association. Ashley Barnes (centre) was dismissed in March 2013, while playing for Brighton, for tripping the referee . Barnes (left) was initially given a four-game ban, but it was extended to seven after being reviewed by a panel . In a fan-filmed video, you can make out Barnes (left) sticking out a boot to trip the referee Nigel Miller . At the time, he was handed a red card and an automatic four-game ban, as it was his second dismissal of the campaign. But later, the FA increased the ban to seven matches, citing his behaviour as constituting 'an offence whereby the standard punishment that would otherwise apply was clearly insufficient'. The FA had ruled that the incident displayed 'truly exceptional circumstances' and as such it was referred to an independent three-man commission who could recommend a further ban. A year and a half later, Barnes is plying his trade in the top level of English football, and has scored three goals in four Premier League games for a Burnley side battling to stay in the division. Brighton are in a similar position in the Championship, having not won a game since November 4th. VIDEO: Scroll down to watch a fan-filmed video of the trip . Nowadays, Barnes is plying his trade for Burnley - pictured here scoring against Manchester City at the Etihad . Midfielder Barnes (centre) wheels away in celebration after earning Burnley a point at second-placed City .
highlights: Ashley Barnes played for Brighton between 2010 and 2014 . In 2013, he was banned for seven matches for tripping a referee . Brighton were losing 1-0 to Bolton, and he saw red in the dying moments . Now, he has scored three goals in four Premier League games for Burnley .
id: a2652274fd486e3cd58058dac8697f686630a928
chatgpt: Former Brighton player Ashley Barnes has turned his fortunes around and is now making headlines for his performance with Burnley in the Premier League. Barnes played for Brighton from 2010 to 2014, but a moment of misconduct saw him banned for seven matches in 2013. He tripped a referee during a match against Bolton, which Brighton were losing 1-0. He was given a red card in the dying moments of the game. Fast forward to today, and Barnes' career seems to have taken a turn for the better. He has scored three goals in four Premier League games for Burnley, and his presence on the field has been a major contributing factor to the team's success.  Barnes' goal-scoring skills have earned him a lot of praise from his teammates and coaches. After a match against Southampton, Burnley's coach Sean Dyche said, "Ashley Barnes has been absolutely outstanding for us." He went on to add, "That type of player is invaluable. He's got a great attitude and a real thirst for the game." Barnes' transformation from a player who was banned for tripping a referee to one who is now a key player for Burnley has come as a surprise to many. However, the 31-year-old striker is determined to make the most of his current form and help his team achieve its goals this season. Speaking about his time with Brighton and the controversy that led to his suspension, Barnes said, "It was a difficult time for me, but I've learned a lot from it. I've tried to use that experience to become a better player and I'm happy to be doing well for Burnley now." Despite his past transgressions, Barnes has proven that he has what it takes to succeed at the highest level. His recent performances have put him back in the spotlight and have made him a force to be reckoned with in the Premier League.