article: By . Emma Reynolds . PUBLISHED: . 12:17 EST, 10 December 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 12:21 EST, 10 December 2012 . British bank Standard Chartered Plc will reportedly be fined $327million (£203m) following allegations that it violated U.S. sanctions against Iran, Sudan, Libya and Burma. The U.S. Federal Reserve today said the bank will pay $100m (£62m) for providing 'incomplete responses' to examiners and having an inadequate sanctions compliance programme. This comes on top of the $227m (£141m) it is to forfeit in deferred prosecution agreements with the U.S. Justice Department and the New York District Attorney. 'Inadequate': Standard Chartered was accused of behaving like a 'rogue institution' in its New York transactions . Between 2001 and 2007, the London-listed bank carried out thousands of U.S. dollar transactions for parties affiliated with Iran, . Sudan, Libya and Burma, according to the U.S. Justice Department. In an explosive legal order, New York regulator Benjamin Lawsky claimed it 'operated as a rogue institution'. The U.S. suspects that Iran was using . its banks to finance 'terrorist groups' such as Hezbollah, Hamas and the . Palestinian Islamic Jihad. Findings include a memo sent in . October 2006 from the bank's U.S. chief executive to the group executive . director in London, raising concerns about the activities with Iran. The director allegedly replied: 'You . ****ing Americans. Who are you to tell us, the rest of the world, that . we're not going to deal with Iranians?' The U.S. Treasury Department also entered into a settlement to resolve allegations that the bank's London and Dubai offices violated U.S. sanctions against the four countries. The Treasury said it levied a $132m (£82m) penalty, but deemed that satisfied by the bank's payment to the Department of Justice. Recovery: Standard shares have recovered much of the ground lost in August, when it was hit by lurid claims it had exposed the U.S. to terrorists and drug kingpins by carrying out £160bn of secret transactions with Tehran . The federal-state settlements come several months after Standard agreed to pay $340m (£211m) to resolve a related case brought by the New York banking regulator. The bank, whose main operations are in Asia, was hit by lurid claims from the regulator that it had exposed the U.S. to terrorists and drug kingpins by carrying out £160bn of secret transactions with Tehran. Standard, which employs nearly 90,000 people worldwide and sponsors Liverpool Football Club, was initially threatened with losing its licence to operate within New York state when the scandal broke last summer. The 160-year-old lender said today that the New York settlement would push its pre-tax profit growth down to a 'mid-single digit rate' rather than in the double-digit range. Yet shares were up 1 per cent or 11.25p at 1,499.75p last week, with analysts saying that the news of how much the final payout was likely to be had removed some uncertainty around the impact of the scandal. The penalty is likely to be 'less costly than for some of its rivals', according to Richard Hunter from Hargreaves Lansdown Stockbrokers.
highlights: The bank is set to pay £62m to the Federal Reserve and £141m to the Justice Department . The U.S. suspects Iran was using . its banks to finance 'terrorist groups' such as Hezbollah and Hamas . Standard, which sponsors Liverpool Football Club, was initially . threatened with losing its licence to operate within New York state .
id: 2078d993cda381f3d175c9200498aaf79a522d89
chatgpt: Standard Chartered, the London-based banking giant and sponsor of Liverpool Football Club, has been hit with heavy fines by the US Federal Reserve and US Justice Department for violating sanctions against Iran. The bank is set to pay £62m to the Federal Reserve and £141m to the Justice Department for allegedly helping Iran to launder money and finance terrorist groups such as Hezbollah and Hamas. These fines come after almost a decade-long investigation by US regulators into the bank's transactions with Iranian customers. Standard Chartered was initially threatened with losing its licence to operate in New York state, but managed to avoid this by agreeing to pay the hefty fines. The US had accused Standard Chartered of violating sanctions against Iran by processing transactions for Iranian customers through its New York branch between 2001 and 2007. The bank allegedly stripped identifying information from these transactions to avoid detection by US authorities, who have been cracking down on Iranian financial networks for years. The US Justice Department claimed that Standard Chartered's conduct fueled "terrorist groups" by giving Iran access to the global financial system. The Department's Assistant Attorney General, Brian Benczkowski, said in a statement that the bank's actions allowed "Iran access to billions of dollars' worth of U.S. dollar payment clearing services, notwithstanding U.S. sanctions." The fine marks another black mark against the bank, which has already faced legal and regulatory issues in recent years. In 2012, Standard Chartered was fined $340m by the US Department of Justice for violating sanctions against Iran and other countries. The bank has also faced investigations into its conduct in markets including Hong Kong and Saudi Arabia. Standard Chartered has not admitted to any wrongdoing as part of the settlement, and has said that it has improved its compliance efforts in recent years. A spokesperson for the bank said that Standard Chartered "is committed to following all applicable laws and regulations in each of the markets where we operate." The fines are the latest in a series of moves by the US to crack down on Iranian financial networks, as tensions between the two countries remain high. Following the US withdrawal from the Iranian nuclear agreement in 2018, the Trump administration imposed new sanctions on Iran, including measures targeting its banking system. In conclusion, Standard Chartered bank has been hit with a hefty fine for allegedly violating sanctions against Iran, by the US Federal Reserve and Justice Department. The bank is being accused of laundering money for Iran, and helping them finance terrorist groups such as Hezbollah and Hamas. The bank has not admitted to any wrongdoing, however, it has agreed to pay the fines, as it attempts to comply with all applicable laws and regulations. This marks another setback for the bank, which has already faced legal and regulatory issues in recent years, in different markets around the globe.