article: There have been some weird and wacky kits down the years but two Spanish sides have released three contenders for the most unusual - with designs inspired by tuxedos, octopus tentacles and a pint of beer. Segunda Division B side Cultural Leonesa arguably win the contest with a jersey designed to look like a tuxedo. They will surely be suited and booted for the new season with the design being mainly black but opening up to resemble a white shirt, black buttons and black bow tie. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Cultural Leonosa unviel their bizarre tuxedo shirt . Suited and booted: Spanish Segunda Division B side Cultural Leonesa have unveiled a kit resembling a tuxedo . Looking smart: Leonesa will take to the pitch in the black design complete with bow tie and white shirt . Weird: Spanish Segunda Division side CD Lugo have also released some unusual kits for next season . Lager top: Lugo's home kit will resemble a pint of beer, inspired by their main sponsors Estrella Galicia . Wrap around: Lugo's away kit is all black with a huge octopus tentacle in honour of the Galician delicacy . CD Lugo meanwhile, who play a level higher in the Segunda Division, have unveiled two unusual kits. Their home kit has been inspired by their main sponsors, beer company Estrella Galicia, and resembles a pint of lager with the main colour being amber and the top being white like the froth. But their away kit is plain black and is adorned by a giant octopus tentacle in order to display one of the main cuisines of the region of Galicia in northwest Spain. Changing style: Leonesa's kits (right) have traditionally been fairly normal and non-discript . Eccentric: Lugo's kit designs have traditionally been fairly loud but this year's have gone even further .
highlights: Segunda Division B side Cultural Leonesa release kit resembling tuxedo . It is mainly black but opens out into a white shirt with a black bow tie . Segunda Division team CD Lugo have released a new home and away kit . Their home kit is inspired by title sponsors, beer company Estrella Galicia . The away kit is all black but with a huge octopus tentacle .
id: 08a9d91c80d8f6c663c3997d6122af7b45e0e7b9
chatgpt: Spanish football team Cultural Leonesa has made waves in the footballing world after releasing a kit inspired by a tuxedo. The Segunda Division B side's kit is mainly black, but opens out to reveal a white shirt and a black bow tie. The unique kit, which has been dubbed the 'Tuxedo Kit', has garnered a lot of attention on social media, with many praising the team's creativity and style. However, this is not the first time a Spanish football team has made headlines for its unusual kit design. Just last week, Segunda Division team CD Lugo released a new home and away kit that is sure to turn heads. The team's home kit has been inspired by their title sponsor, beer company Estrella Galicia. The jersey features a bold yellow and red colour scheme, with the Estrella Galicia logo emblazoned across the chest. But it's their away kit that is truly striking. The all-black jersey features a huge octopus tentacle reaching out from the side. The unique design is a nod to the city of Lugo's famous octopus dish, which is a local delicacy. CD Lugo has a history of pushing the boundaries when it comes to kit design. Last season, the team's away kit featured an image of a burger and fries, which was also a reference to a local dish. While some may argue that these kits are too unconventional, they have certainly succeeded in getting people talking. Both Cultural Leonesa and CD Lugo have shown that football kits don't have to be boring - they can be creative, fun and a reflection of a team's identity. As both teams gear up for the new season, fans will be eagerly anticipating their first chance to see these unique kits in action.