article: (CNN) -- The state of Arizona executed convicted killer Jeffrey Landrigan late Tuesday after the U.S. Supreme Court cleared the way for the lethal injection, a corrections official said. The execution was carried out at 10:26 p.m. (12:26 a.m. ET), said Barrett Marson, a spokesman for the Arizona Department of Corrections. "I'd like to say 'thank you' to my family for being here and all of my friends," were Landrigan's final words, according to Marson. He concluded with "Boomer Sooner," a cheer often used by University of Oklahoma fans. Landrigan's last meal consisted of steak, fried okra, french fries, strawberry ice cream and a Dr. Pepper, Marson said. The way for the execution was cleared after a majority of Supreme Court justices moved to vacate a federal judge's order that had temporarily stopped the execution scheduled for earlier in the day. In a 5-4 decision, the court overturned two lower court rulings. Earlier Tuesday, the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals had sided with U.S. District Court Judge Roslyn Silver, who blocked Landrigan's execution 18 hours before it was set to happen at noon MT Tuesday (2 p.m. ET). Landrigan's attorneys filed a civil rights complaint last Thursday alleging the planned execution violated his constitutional rights to be free from cruel and unusual punishment and to due process. On Monday, Silver issued the temporary stay after concluding that the state did not provide Landrigan's side enough information to make its case sufficiently about the safety and legality of substances that would have been used to kill him. But the U.S. Supreme Court ruling vacated the lower court order, saying "there is no evidence in the record to suggest that the drug obtained from a foreign source is unsafe." Judge Silver wrote that she "was left to speculate" that the drug was harmful, but in a statement the Supreme Court, citing a different 1993 ruling, concluded in a one-page order that sentiment should not equate to the fact it was "sure or likely to cause serious illness or needless suffering." "There was no showing that the drug was unlawfully obtained, nor was there an offer of proof to that effect," the Supreme Court ruling said. The decision to vacate the order was supported by Chief Justice John Roberts and Justices Samuel Alito, Anthony Kennedy, Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas. Justices Stephen Breyer, Ruth Bader Ginsburg, Elena Kagan and Sonia Sotomayor sided with Silver and would not have vacated the ruling. In 1989, Landrigan escaped from an Oklahoma prison, where he was serving time for second-degree murder. He was convicted of strangling Chester Dean Dyer in Arizona a year later during an armed burglary, and a trial judge sentenced him to death. CNN Supreme Court Producer Bill Mears contributed to this report.
highlights: U.S. Supreme Court cleared way for murderer's execution . A lower court judge had blocked Jeffrey Landrigan's death by lethal injection . Landrigan's attorneys said that the execution would violate his constitutional rights .
id: f84e4a994611bc95dc7bbecaa8cd1ffed6cc219f
chatgpt: The U.S. Supreme Court has cleared the way for the execution of convicted murderer Jeffrey Landrigan, who has been on death row for more than 20 years. Landrigan was scheduled to be executed by lethal injection in Arizona. However, a lower court judge had previously blocked his execution, claiming it would violate Landrigan's constitutional rights. Landrigan's attorneys argued that the lethal injection process could cause pain and suffering, which they deemed to be cruel and unusual punishment – a violation of the Eighth Amendment to the U.S. Constitution. They further argued that they were not given proper access to information about the drugs that would be used in the execution, which also raised concerns about the potential for a painful and botched execution. Despite these arguments, the Supreme Court ruled that there was no evidence to suggest that the lethal injection protocol would cause undue suffering. The court further stated that attorneys for Landrigan were given adequate access to information about the drugs used in the execution process. Jeffrey Landrigan was convicted of murdering Chester Dyer during a 1989 burglary. Dyer's son, Richard, was present at the scene of the crime and testified as to what he saw. Landrigan was found guilty and sentenced to death the following year. While Landrigan's execution has been controversial, it is important to note that the use of lethal injection as a means of execution is not new, nor is it unique to Arizona. Over the past several decades, lethal injection has become the most common method of execution in the United States, replacing electric chairs, gas chambers, and hanging. The use of lethal injection has also faced legal challenges in other states, with some arguing that it violates the Eighth Amendment's prohibition on cruel and unusual punishment. In 2018, a federal judge in Missouri ruled that the drug used in the state's lethal injection protocol could cause inmates unnecessary suffering. The decision to execute Jeffrey Landrigan has garnered mixed reactions from the public. Some believe that the death penalty is a necessary form of punishment, particularly for those who commit violent crimes. Others argue that executing inmates is inhumane and that life in prison without the possibility of parole is a better alternative. Regardless of one's stance on the death penalty, the fact remains that Jeffrey Landrigan will soon be executed for his crimes. It is unclear when exactly the execution will take place, but it is expected to occur in the coming days. The case of Jeffrey Landrigan highlights the ongoing debate surrounding the use of the death penalty in the United States. While some argue that it is a necessary means of punishment, others believe that it is inhumane and ineffective. As the debate continues, it is up to lawmakers and the courts to determine the future of the death penalty in America.