article: By . Alasdair Glennie . The BBC could have an 'unconscious bias' against ethnic minorities, women and disabled people, its news boss admitted yesterday. James Harding said there is a lack of diversity among its top news presenters because managers tend to recruit those who look like them. He said he plans to 'do something determined' to increase the number of ethnic minorities and women on screen, including stricter diversity targets and a 'sponsorship scheme' to help them progress to senior positions. BBC News boss James Harding says too many top presenters are white men . In a speech to BBC staff at New Broadcasting House, he said: 'On the issues of diversity, equality and disability at the BBC, my view remains that we - by which I mean me and every one of us who has the power to appoint and promote people within News and Current Affairs - have to do something determined about this. 'Across News, we worry that we have a tendency to recruit in our own image, so all members of the News Group Board have taken a course in unconscious bias.' Mr Harding - who was previously editor of The Times newspaper - said he would 'stick to the principle that the best candidate gets the job'. But he said news managers are now increasing their diversity targets so that bulletins have more black and ethnic minority presenters in future. He said BBC London had committed to raising the proportion of ethnic minority staff to 28 per cent, up from 21 per cent, in the next two or three years. Mr Harding said recent appointments - including Mishal Husain to Radio 4's Today programme and Kamal Ahmed to the post of Business Editor - were already 'changing the look and sound of the BBC.' Mr Harding said he plans to 'do something determined' to increase the number of ethnic minorities and women on screen . But he added: 'To those to say this is not enough, I agree. There is much more to be done on diversity across the BBC, on air and off it.' He said: 'The BBC should, surely, be the best news organisation in the country to get a job and prosper if you come from an ethnic minority background, if you are a women, if you are disabled. 'Our target should not be to be good enough, but to be to be much, much better than the rest. We have a long way to go.' Mr Harding also announced BBC would decrease its news budget by £20million in the next two years, adding to the £40million cuts it has made in the past three. The BBC has faced more than a decade of criticism over its failure to hire more ethnic minority staff. In 2001, then-BBC director general Greg Dyke described the corporation as 'hideously white' after figures showed more than 98 per cent of its workers were white.
highlights: James Harding says he plans to increase ethnic minorities on screen . He will introduce stricter diversity targets and a 'sponsorship scheme' Recent appointments were 'changing the look and sound of the BBC'
id: f9f331fe7f50ba7b25fb6bf2cb1642e06b85a590
chatgpt: James Harding, the Director of News and Current Affairs at the BBC, has unveiled plans to increase the representation of ethnic minorities on screen. Speaking at the Royal Television Society Conference in Cambridge, Harding outlined a range of initiatives aimed at promoting diversity and inclusion within the organisation. One of the key proposals put forward by Harding was the introduction of stricter diversity targets. Under the new scheme, each programme area will be required to set its own targets for the representation of ethnic minority staff and contributors. Failure to meet these targets could result in funding cuts or other penalties. In addition to the new targets, the BBC will also introduce a 'sponsorship scheme' aimed at developing the careers of ethnic minority employees. The scheme will provide funding for mentoring, training, and other support activities designed to help staff progress within the organisation. Harding's announcement comes in the wake of a number of recent appointments that have been praised for "changing the look and sound of the BBC". Among these appointments are Mishal Husain, the first Muslim presenter of the Today programme, and Amol Rajan, the first non-white editor of the BBC's flagship news programme, Newsnight. Notwithstanding these positive developments, Harding acknowledged that there is still significant work to be done in terms of improving ethnic diversity at the BBC. He pointed out that while one in six people in the UK are from ethnic minority backgrounds, only 10% of the BBC's workforce falls into this category. Harding stressed that promoting diversity is not just about being politically correct, but is also essential for the BBC as a public service broadcaster committed to reflecting the diversity of the UK. He said that the BBC has a responsibility to ensure that all groups are represented fairly and that diverse voices are given a platform to speak. The proposals put forward by Harding received a mixed response from those present at the conference. While some welcomed the BBC's commitment to increasing diversity, others expressed concern that the targets could become a box-ticking exercise that failed to tackle underlying issues of bias and discrimination. Despite these reservations, however, it is clear that the BBC is taking steps to address its diversity deficit. Alongside the new targets and sponsorship scheme, the corporation has also recently launched a range of initiatives aimed at promoting diversity and inclusion across its operations, including a new training programme for diversity champions and a series of events focusing on issues such as race, gender, and disability. As James Harding noted in his speech, promoting diversity is not an easy task, and there will undoubtedly be challenges and setbacks along the way. However, by setting ambitious targets and providing the necessary support to achieve them, the BBC is taking a positive step towards creating a more inclusive and representative organisation.