article: By . Ian Drury, Defence Correspondent . PUBLISHED: . 10:47 EST, 7 January 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 20:33 EST, 7 January 2014 . Clutching assault rifles and with ammunition slung over their shoulders, a band of Al Qaeda sympathisers deliver the chilling rhetoric of war. In Fallujah, an Iraqi city which came to symbolise the horror of the war to topple Saddam Hussein, their domination will for many now symbolise its futility. Faces masked by balaclavas or headdresses, members of the Fallujah Military Council pledge to punish tribesmen who try to drive them from the besieged city. Scroll down for video . Menacing: Masked insurgents brandish rifles and bullets as their commander warns the Iraqi government . Speaking into a microphone in front of . an Iraqi flag, the commander of the armed brigade rants that militants . will crush anyone loyal to government forces. At least 200 troops, rebel fighters and civilians have died in clashes in the area in recent days. Its descent into chaos will leave many asking what was achieved by eight years of war. Britain . lost 179 troops in the push to topple Saddam, after which Fallujah . became the scene of bloody battles between insurgents and US-led forces. Taking control: Armed rebels patrol during clashes with Iraqi security forces in Fallujah over the weekend as the standoff continues . Rebellion: A young man raises his weapon as a fellow rebel keeps a watchful eye during the takeover . Despite the sacrifice, the city is now under Al Qaeda control. The . Iraqi army is surrounding Fallujah, and has deployed tanks and . artillery ahead of an all-out military assault to retake the city. But . prime minister Nouri al-Maliki is delaying an all-out offensive in the . hope locals can regain control from the insurgents without major . bloodshed. The violence – . the most direct challenge to al-Maliki since the US withdrew in 2011 – . has been inflamed by the civil war in neighbouring Syria. Rebels have been strengthened by recruits, guns, missiles and ammunition smuggled over the border. Response: The Iraqi army is surrounding Fallujah, and has deployed tanks and artillery ahead of an all-out military assault to retake the city . Sunni Muslim worshippers crowded streets in the city west of Baghdad after violence in nearby Ramadi . The US is speeding up the delivery of military equipment to help the Iraqi government. White House spokesman Jay Carney said additional Hellfire missiles would be shipped to Baghdad as early as the spring. Military . experts fear the problems in Iraq do not bode well for the British . withdrawal from Afghanistan, where 447 troops have been killed since the . mission began in 2001. Ex-SAS . commander Lieutenant Colonel Richard Williams said: ‘I will be very . surprised if the future governor of Helmand is not very closely . connected to those who we call the Taliban.’
highlights: Members of Fallujah Military Council have taken control of besieged city . Rebels are wearing balaclavas and carrying assault rifles and ammunition . They have pledged to punish tribesman who try to drive them from city . Iraqi army has deployed tanks and artillery ahead of military assault .
id: 7c1e8fac696b2ec7635ba8b07e8d9977be2356dd
chatgpt: In a bold move, the members of the Fallujah Military Council have taken control of the besieged city. The rebels, wearing balaclavas and carrying assault rifles and ammunition, have vowed to punish any tribesmen who attempt to drive them from the city. The Iraqi army has deployed tanks and artillery ahead of a military assault. The situation in Fallujah has been tense for several weeks, with rebel groups and tribesmen vying for control of the city. However, it appears that the Fallujah Military Council has gained the upper hand, with reports indicating that they are consolidating their hold on the area. The rebels have been seen patrolling the city streets, setting up checkpoints and carrying out searches for weapons and ammunition. They have reportedly confiscated several caches of weapons and arrested individuals suspected of collaborating with the tribesmen. The situation in Fallujah is a worrying development for the Iraqi government, which has struggled to maintain control over large swathes of the country. The deployment of tanks and artillery in preparation for a military assault underscores the seriousness of the situation, with many fearing that a protracted conflict may be on the horizon. The situation is made even more complicated by the fact that many of the tribal leaders in the area are believed to have ties to ISIS. While the rebels have declared their opposition to ISIS and have vowed to fight them, there are concerns that the situation could escalate into a wider conflict involving multiple groups. Despite the challenges facing them, the Fallujah Military Council appears to be confident in their ability to maintain control of the city. In a statement issued earlier today, they pledged to continue fighting until they had achieved their goals. "We will not back down in the face of adversity," the statement read. "We will continue to fight until we have driven out all those who seek to undermine our authority and cause chaos in our city." The situation in Fallujah is likely to continue to be a major source of concern for the Iraqi government and the international community. With rebel groups and tribal leaders vying for control of the area, the potential for violence and instability is high, and any misstep by either side could have far-reaching consequences. As the situation continues to develop, the eyes of the world will be watching to see how things unfold in this volatile region of the Middle East. The stakes are high, and the outcome could have significant implications for the future of the region and the wider world.