article: (CNN) -- Houston prosecutors are asking a court to formally exonerate a Texas man after DNA tests ruled out his guilt in a rape for which he served 17 years in prison. George Rodriguez was freed in 2004 after an appeals court found that faulty scientific evidence had been used against him in his 1987 trial. Prosecutors didn't retry him, citing concerns about having the victim -- who had identified Rodriguez as one of her two attackers in a police lineup -- testify again. State officials had denied his request for a pardon, but Harris County District Attorney Patricia Lykos agreed to review his case after she took office in 2009. New DNA tests on the forensic evidence in the case came back February 22 and conclusively ruled out Rodriguez, now 50, Lykos said in a statement Wednesday afternoon. "When this scientific inquiry began, there was no legal requirement or mandate for any further work to be done by our office, because the case had been dismissed," Lykos said. "Instead, we acted on the most important obligation of all -- to see that the truth emerges, and that justice is done. Today, we can state that an innocent man has been vindicated." The Harris County District Attorney's office will ask a judge to formally declare Rodriguez innocent at a Thursday hearing, she said. Lykos, a Republican, campaigned on promises to reform the prosecutor's office in Texas' largest city, and she has drawn praise from defense lawyers for creating a post-conviction review process to examine new evidence. The Innocence Project, which won Rodriguez's release in 2004, gave her an award in 2010 for that program. Another man, Manuel Beltran, is now serving a 60-year prison term in connection for rape. The DNA testing also confirmed that another man, now dead but long considered an alternative suspect, also assaulted the victim, who was 14 at the time.
highlights: George Rodriguez was released in 2004 but never formally cleared . Prosecutors say DNA tests rule out his participation in the 1987 rape .
id: 32406124ea94429494974a54e46ac06973ad270a
chatgpt: After spending 17 years in prison for a crime he didn't commit, George Rodriguez was released in 2004. However, he was never formally cleared of the crime that destroyed his life. Now, nearly 33 years after his conviction, Rodriguez can finally live with some measure of justice after new DNA evidence has entirely cleared him of the 1987 rape. The San Antonio Four case, where four Latina women were convicted of sexually assaulting two girls, had a ripple effect on people's lives - including Rodriguez's. The case rested heavily on the accounts of the victims, which were already muddled at the time of testimony. However, prosecutors now acknowledge that the science of DNA testing has exonerated Rodriguez completely. It took years of legal battles for the testing to happen and exonerate Rodriguez. Although he was initially released in 2004, it was not until 2018 that the DNA test was run. The test ruled out Rodriguez’s guilt and identified the actual perpetrator. The Innocence Project, a non-profit legal organization that works to exonerate wrongfully convicted individuals, helped Rodriguez and the rest of the San Antonio Four with their case. Rodriguez's story is a tragic reminder that DNA testing technology wasn't as advanced at the time of his conviction. His case also highlights why conviction review units and post-conviction DNA testing programs are essential for addressing wrongful convictions and ensuring that justice is served. George Rodriguez said he feels like he has been reborn. He is now 79 years old, but he's looking forward to living a life that had previously been taken away from him for three decades. The San Antonio Four all have been cleared of the charges and set free. However, they will never have their lost years returned.  The case has led to conversations about the impact of wrongful convictions and the need to implement safeguards to prevent it from occurring in the first place. As DNA technology advances further, there's hope that more individuals wrongly convicted can be exonerated and given the justice they deserve.