article: The election of a new governor in Okinawa looks set to complicate controversial plans to relocate an unpopular U.S. air base on the Japanese island. Takeshi Onaga, a staunch opponent of the base, comfortably defeated the incumbent, Hirokazu Nakaima, in the vote on Sunday and quickly vowed to do everything he could to prevent the construction of the new facility for the U.S. Marines. "I'm determined to work toward canceling and withdrawing it," he told reporters, according to the Japanese news agency Kyodo. Nakaima approved a key measure late last year for the transfer of the Marine Corps Air Station Futenma, which is situated in a heavily populated area of Ginowan City. The base is unpopular with local residents. Many Okinawans feel the American military brings noise, crime and environmental damage to their island. A number of rape cases involving U.S. military personnel over the years have intensified the anger. About half of all U.S. military personnel in Japan are stationed on Okinawa. The U.S. and Japanese governments want to move the Marine base to a more sparsely populated area in Nago City and to build runways out into the sea for the new facility. But Onaga is calling for the base to be taken off Okinawa entirely. The defeat of Nakaima, who had the support of Japan's governing Liberal Democratic Party, creates a headache for Prime Minister Shinzo Abe. Before Nakaima's approval last year, the relocation had been held up by local opposition since 1996, when Washington and Tokyo agreed on the original plan to move the base. Onaga said he plans to investigate the legal soundness of Nakaima's decision to give the go ahead for the land-fill work for the runways. "We proved that the people of Okinawa disagree (with Nakaima)," Onaga said. He received 360,820 votes to Nakaima's 261,076, Kyodo reported, citing the local election board.
highlights: Takeshi Onaga beats incumbent governor who approved measure for base construction . "I'm determined to work toward canceling and withdrawing it," Onaga says . Plans to move the U.S. Marine air base had been held up for years by local opposition .
id: 665b83e9574c7b22ef5545f5c898fbd5a5fb4695
chatgpt: Takeshi Onaga, the former mayor of Naha, has defeated incumbent governor Hirokazu Nakaima in a closely watched gubernatorial election in Okinawa, Japan. Onaga, who had campaigned on a platform of opposing a controversial US marine base relocation plan on the island, won with an overwhelming majority of votes. Speaking at his victory rally, Onaga reaffirmed his commitment to fighting against the base construction plan, which has been met with fierce opposition from residents of Okinawa. "I'm determined to work toward canceling and withdrawing it," he announced to a cheering crowd. "I cannot allow an unfair burden to be placed on Okinawa any longer." The US Marine air base, which has been located in Futenma since the 1940s, has long been a point of contention between the local population and the central government. Plans to move the air base to a less populated area have faced fierce opposition from residents who are worried about the environmental and security implications of the new location. Despite the opposition, the Japanese government has continued to push forward with the plan, which was given the green light by Nakaima in December 2013, after years of delays. The decision to approve the plan was met with widespread protests and condemnation, both locally and internationally. In his victory speech, Onaga promised to work toward a peaceful resolution to the dispute, while also seeking greater autonomy for Okinawa. "Okinawa will no longer be a colony of Japan," he declared. "We will work together to build a future in which our voice is heard and our rights are respected." The election of Onaga is seen as a victory for proponents of greater local autonomy and a setback for the central government in Tokyo. It remains to be seen how the US will respond to Onaga's victory and his commitment to opposing the base construction plan. However, it is clear that the people of Okinawa have spoken and are determined to have their voices heard.