article: Paraguay have named Argentine Ramon Diaz, who won the Argentine league title with River Plate this year, as their coach on Thursday. 'Ramon Diaz and the Paraguayan Football Association (APF) have sealed a four-year work accord,' APF president Alejandro Dominguez told a news conference in the capital. 'It's one of the biggest challenges of my career... There's a lot of work to do,' said former River, Inter Milan, Monaco and Argentina striker Diaz. Ramon Diaz has been appointed national coach of Paraguay on a four-year contract . Diaz gives a thumbs up beside Alejandro Dominguez, president of the Paraguayan Football Association . Diaz, River's most successful coach ever with six league titles and the 1996 Libertadores Cup plus a league crown with San Lorenzo, takes over from caretaker Victor Genes. Genes had been in charge since Uruguayan Gerardo Pelusso was sacked in late 2013 after Paraguay failed to qualify for this year's World Cup in Brazil. Paraguay achieved their best World Cup placing in 2010 when they reached the quarter-finals in South Africa under Argentine Gerardo Martino, who is now in charge of his home country. Diaz, with son Emiliano in his backroom staff, faces his first big test at the 2015 Copa America in Chile, which kicks off on June 11 and where they have been drawn in the same group as Argentina, holders Uruguay and Jamaica. Paraguay, who had qualified for four successive World Cup tournaments since 1998, lost their way when Martino quit after steering them to the 2011 Copa America final in Argentina. Handing the task of qualifying for the Brazil finals to the inexperienced Francisco Arce, a fine former international full back, was soon seen as a mistake after a poor start to the qualifying campaign and matters did not improve under Pelusso. Oscar Cardozo (right) scores against Japan en route to the 2010 World Cup quarter-finals . Former Paraguay captain Jose Luis Chilavert does not think Diaz should have been given the job . Charismatic former goalkeeper and captain Jose Luis Chilavert believes grass-roots work is what is needed and does not see Diaz as the right man for the job. 'Ramon Diaz is not the coach Paraguay need, he doesn't develop players and what we need is development,' Chilavert told the Futbol 780 radio programme. 'I don't see a positive outlook for the national team. We must work looking at the long term and the people who handle the team lost a lot of time after Martino's departure.' However, veteran striker Roque Santa Cruz welcomed Diaz's appointment, telling Radio Primero de Marzo: 'We have a renowned coach. This is a positive step, he's a person who can restore a sense of standing to the team.'
highlights: Ramon Diaz has signed a four-year deal to become Paraguay manager . Former striker guided River Plate to the Argentine league title this year . Jose Luis Chilavert does not think Diaz is the right man for the job .
id: 4577208caff51c79a111c2db77fabba7d0ed05be
chatgpt: Former River Plate manager Ramon Diaz has signed a four-year deal to become the new manager of the Paraguay national team. Diaz, who guided River Plate to the Argentine league title earlier this year, will replace Eduardo Berizzo at the helm of Paraguay's national team. Diaz brings a wealth of experience to the Paraguay job, having previously managed clubs such as San Lorenzo, Independiente, and Al Hilal. However, not everyone is convinced that Diaz is the right man for the job, with former Paraguay goalkeeper Jose Luis Chilavert expressing his doubts. Chilavert, who played for Paraguay from 1989 to 2003, tweeted that Diaz was not the right man for the job, and that the Paraguay Football Association should have done more to find the right person for the role. Despite Chilavert's comments, Diaz has already begun to focus on his new job, saying that he is "excited and honored" to take charge of the Paraguay national team. "I am excited and honored to take charge of the Paraguay national team, and I look forward to working with the players and staff to achieve our goals," Diaz said in a statement. Diaz will have a tough job on his hands, as Paraguay have struggled in recent years. The team failed to qualify for the 2018 World Cup in Russia, and finished fourth in their group in the 2022 World Cup qualifying campaign. However, Diaz believes that he can turn things around for Paraguay, and is confident that he can help the team reach their full potential. "I am confident that we can turn things around for Paraguay, and I am looking forward to working with the players to build a strong and successful team," Diaz said. Diaz will have his work cut out for him, as Paraguay will face some tough opponents in the upcoming FIFA World Cup qualifiers. The team will face Argentina, Bolivia, Uruguay, Ecuador, and Chile in Group A of the CONMEBOL qualifying tournament. Despite the challenges that lie ahead, Diaz is determined to succeed, and is confident that he can help Paraguay reach new heights. "I am determined to succeed as the Paraguay manager, and I believe that we can achieve great things together," Diaz said. Only time will tell whether Diaz is the right man for the job, but one thing is certain - he will have the support of the Paraguay Football Association, and the fans, behind him as he takes on this new challenge.