article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 14:01 EST, 22 February 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 14:36 EST, 22 February 2014 . All Joseph Valente wanted for his 96th birthday was a slice of his favorite German apple ring cake from King Kullen supermarket. But what he got was a severe case of diarrhea after allegedly biting into a dead rat. The New York man's nephew, Neil Gold, said his uncle complained about the taste after downing one spoonful on Thursday night. Scroll down for video . Rude shock: Joseph Valente specifically requested a German apple ring cake from King Kullen supermarket for his 96th birthday and was disgusted to find a rodent inside . Interesting ingredient: Valenti's disgusted family say they found a five-inch-long rat's tail still attached to the rodent¿s hindquarters inside the sweet cake . Foul: Valenti's nephew Neil Gold said his uncle took a bite of the rodent-infested cake and complained about the taste . Unique topping: The rodent tail and what appeared to be grayish mold were embedded in the yellow cake . When Gold cut the store-baked cake, he said he noticed what looked like a line of black mold. 'We . saw it was coming from the bottom. We flipped it over and seemed to be a . rat's tail,' Gold, who is dating Valente's niece, told ABC7. He told the New York Post he saw the rodent's five-inch-long tail still attached to its hindquarters 'bleeding into the cake'. Images of the cake show a pointed, cord-like appendage baked into the cake, surrounded by black swirls. Gold said he took the allegedly infested dessert to the law offices of his friend, attorney Ed Yule, who believes the cake had been 'tampered with'. 'I personally am of the opinion that this cake was tampered with,' Yule said. 'What's King Kullen have to say about this?' Yule said he plans to turn the cake over . to state officials for testing, with the New York Post reporting the . family is considering whether to file a lawsuit. Meanwhile, Lloyd Singer, a spokesman for the Commack store, said the outlet had no known rodent issues and the store was conducting an 'internal investigation'. 'King Kullen has had in-store bakeries for over 30 years and there has never been a case of a rodent in one of our store-baked cakes,' he said. King Kullen also issued a statement. 'Product has been removed from the bakery and the premises has undergone . a thorough inspection. There are no known safety or rodent issues in . this bakery,' the company said. Gold said his uncle was not hospitalized. Scene: King Kullen supermarket said the cake has been removed from the bakery and staff are investigating the mishap . More like this: This is what an apple ring cake should look like .
highlights: Joseph Valente cut into a German apple ring cake from King Kullen supermarket . He found a five-inch-long rat's tail still attached to its hindquarters . Valente, from Commack in New York, suffered stomach pains and diarrhea after taking a bite on Thursday . The family may file a lawsuit . King Kullen said it is investigating .
id: cdc3204dc751ffcaf19c2b2e70df047da2144661
chatgpt: A New York man was left feeling nauseous and distressed after discovering a five-inch-long rat tail still attached to a German apple ring cake he purchased from King Kullen supermarket in Commack. Joseph Valente had purchased the cake to serve his family for dessert on Thursday evening. But as he was cutting into it, he was horrified to discover the grisly find. The rat's tail was still attached to the hindquarters of the street food-inspired cake. Mr. Valente immediately stopped eating the cake after the alarming discovery. After taking a bite of the cake, Mr. Valente started experiencing stomach pains and severe diarrhea, leading him to seek medical attention from a local hospital. He was left feeling distressed and concerned for the health of his family, who had all eaten some of the cake before the rat tail was discovered. Speaking about the incident, Mr. Valente expressed his fear that the rat tail had been in the cake for a prolonged period. "I am disgusted and can't help but think about the fact that I ate something that was contaminated with rat parts. I am very worried that my entire family may have been exposed to something harmful,” he said. The family is now considering legal action against King Kullen for the physical and emotional distress caused by the incident. Mr. Valente said that they would like to see the supermarket conduct better health and safety checks for their products. In response to the incident, King Kullen released a statement. "We take all customer complaints seriously and are investigating this matter. King Kullen has strict food safety protocols in place and heavily emphasizes the importance of sanitation and cleanliness in all departments," the statement read. This isn't the first time that King Kullen has come under scrutiny. In 2017, an investigation into the supermarket's Commack store revealed findings of mouse droppings, dead flies, and other unsanitary conditions. The supermarket was issued with a warning letter from the New York State Department of Agriculture and Markets, ordering them to rectify the situation. The incident with the rat tail in the German apple ring cake has reignited concerns about the supermarket's sanitation policies. Customers are calling for a thorough investigation into the store's food safety practices and demand swift action to be taken to ensure incidents like this do not occur again. As for Mr. Valente, he is continuing to monitor his health and that of his family. The trauma of the incident has left him feeling wary of purchasing food products from King Kullen in the future. He hopes that the investigation will lead to a renewed focus on food safety and cleanliness in all supermarkets, making sure that this kind of incident never happens again.