article: (CNN) -- Researchers at the Brazilian Center for Coastal Studies at the Federal University of Rio Grande do Sul in southern Brazil believe that 745 penguins found washed up along the state's coastline since June 15 have died of natural causes. The center, known as Ceclimar, said in a release this week that it reached the conclusion after analyzing the conditions in which the animals were found. Most of the birds were young, according to biologist Mauricio Tavares. The lean birds showed no signs of external injury or oil in their plumes. "Birds in the first year of life are inexperienced," he said, adding that the pattern of dead birds is common for this time of year and that the deaths are a result of "the process of natural selection." In 2010, more than 550 penguins washed up on Sao Paulo state's Atlantic coast. In that case, necropsies showed that the penguins died of starvation. The Peruvian government launched an official inquiry this year when close to 3,000 dolphins and more than 500 pelicans washed up along that country's northern Pacific coast. This case is the first in which Ceclimar is conducting a more intensive monitoring of deaths. According to Tavares, July is historically the month when more birds arrive at the center for rehabilitation after washing up on the beaches weakened, injured or covered in oil. "The animals usually migrate from Argentina around this time of year in search of food and warmer weather, and each year, some do wash up," he said. "But over 500 is a very, very high number." Ceclimar set up weekly monitoring along the Rio Grande do Sul coast to study the dynamics of the Magellan penguins. The biologists working at the center also collected 30 birds for a more detailed analysis; that report should be completed within a month. The release says the physical state of the birds is such that researchers could designate the deaths natural. Tavares said earlier that "the animals were a lot smaller in terms of size and weight than normal penguins, so we think it will be natural causes, but it is certainly very strange." Penguins have also shown up along the famous beaches of Rio de Janeiro. CNN affiliate TV Record reports that since the end of June, almost 40 penguins have been rescued along the beaches. In those cases, the birds are being cared for by SOS Aves and the Chico Mendes Institute for Conservation of Biodiversity. Previously on CNN.com: Official says 'Natural causes' behind dolphin deaths in Peru . Previously on CNN.com: 2,300 birds found dead along Chilean beaches . Beauty trumps beast in conservation efforts .
highlights: More than 700 washed ashore in Rio Grande do Sul, biologists say . Birds were decomposed but otherwise seem unharmed . Penguins migrate from Argentina about this time of year, biologist says .
id: 9e772740cf8cc74d1f698fd958ce22a6c9054f48
chatgpt: Over 700 penguins washed ashore on the beaches of Rio Grande do Sul, in southern Brazil, according to local biologists. Despite their decomposition, the penguins seemed to be unharmed. Biologists speculate that the penguins were migrating from Argentina, which is a common route for the birds this time of year. The discovery of the penguins was made by a group of surfers who were enjoying the waves at the time. Upon seeing the penguins, they notified the authorities and the news quickly spread across Rio Grande do Sul. The images of the penguins stranded on the beach have been circulating on social media and have sparked concern among environmental activists. The area where the penguins washed ashore is known for its pristine beaches and wildlife, and many people are worried about the impact that this event could have on the local ecosystem. Scientists are studying the birds to try and determine what caused them to wash ashore. They are also analyzing samples from the penguins to determine their diet and to check for any signs of disease that could have contributed to their deaths. Despite the fact that the penguins were decomposed, experts believe that they have been dead for only a few days. Given the state of the birds, it is likely they were washed up by the tide, rather than dying on the beach. One of the biologists involved in the investigation, Dr. Carla Zilberberg, stated that the penguins were likely migrating from Argentina, as this is the typical route for the birds at this time of year. She further added that, “we are currently analyzing their stomach contents, which will give us an idea of what they were feeding on, and whether there were any other factors that contributed to their deaths”. The penguins have been taken to a laboratory for further analysis, and their corpses will be incinerated in order to prevent any further harm to the local environment. The authorities are also asking the public to report any additional sightings of stranded penguins or other wildlife, and to avoid touching or interfering with any animals that they may come across on the shore. The story of the penguins stranded on the beach in Rio Grande do Sul has touched the hearts of many people around the world. It serves as a reminder of our interconnectedness with the environment, and the importance of taking care of our planet and its inhabitants. While the cause of death of the penguins remains unclear, this event highlights the urgent need for us to protect our oceans and ensure the survival of species like the penguins that call it home.