article: By . Mail Online Reporter . Career change: David Mech gave up his porn career in 2010 and now tutors math and is running for the school board . A former porn star from Florida is looking for a new role as a school board member, it merged today. David Mech, 38, of Boca Raton has qualified for the Palm Beach County School Board's District 3 seat. Mech was known as Dave Pounder while a performer in adult films but made quite the career change when he began a math tutoring business for middle school students a few years ago. He retired from pornography in 2010 after a 10 year career in which he appeared in over 100 films, but now is more focused on his Happy/Fun Math Tutor company. Mech had been living in Irving, California, as a banker in his early 20s but left the finance world to go full time in the adult film business and started a production company. The former actor has been open about his colorful past and retaliated against the school district when they stopped sending students to his math tutoring classes in 2013 when they learned of his former career. He filed a lawsuit against school officials last year because he had quit the business and no longer produced pornography through Dave Pounder Productions. The production company does however still produce documentaries about the pornography industry. Goals for school: Mech wants better sex education in schools and condom dispensers in the nurse's office . Mech's production company made this movie about the adult film business . Now he is determined to get a seat on the school board and wants new technology in classrooms and better sex education. 'A lot of people have issues with my background, but I don't. If people think we should fire teachers who are bikini models on the weekend, then don't vote for me', he told the Palm Beach Post. Mech also wants condom dispensers in the school nurse's office to see a decline in Palm Beach County's pregnancy rate. His qualifications include two doctorate degrees in media economics and human sexuality from Indiana Univerity and studied computer science at Florida Atlantic University. Along with another candidate, John Michael Hartman, Mech is challenging incumbent board member Karen Brill. The Palm Beach Post reports that Brill made headlines earlier this year with a short-lived proposal to enforce a dress code for parents on school property. The general election for the school board is in November. The competition: Mech is challenging incumbent board member Karen Brill (pictured)
highlights: David Mech, 38, wants condom dispensers in the school nurse's office to decline pregnancy rates . He wants new technology and better sex education in schools . Mech worked as 'Dave Pounder' in the adult film industry and appeared in over 100 films over his 10 year career . He started Dave Pounder Productions to produce adult films but now only produces film about the adult film industry . Mech has two PhDs in media economics and human sexuality and computer science .
id: 83b2e526d70e2d06dbbc35978157836c52744100
chatgpt: David Mech, a 38-year-old advocate for better sexual education and technology in schools, is hoping to implement a plan to decrease teenage pregnancy rates. Mech, who has two PhDs in media economics and human sexuality and computer science, is urging schools to install condom dispensers in school nurse's offices, as well as introducing new technology and better education regarding sexual health. Mech's passion for this issue stems from his former career in the adult film industry. He worked under the stage name "Dave Pounder" and appeared in over 100 films during his 10-year career. However, he left the industry to focus on producing films about the adult film industry under his own company, Dave Pounder Productions. After years of exploration and research in the field of human sexuality, Mech has come to the conclusion that teenage pregnancy rates can be decreased through a combination of better education and access to contraceptives. "We need to arm our youth with the knowledge and resources they need to make smart decisions about their sexual health," he explains. Mech's advocacy campaign includes a comprehensive strategy to tackle teenage pregnancy rates. Firstly, he wants schools to introduce new technologies that offer real-time support and information for students about sexual health. These could include apps or online platforms that provide information about contraception, communication, and consent. Mech believes that technology can play a vital role in educating the youth, giving them the necessary support and resources to make safe decisions about their sexual health. Secondly, Mech suggests improving sex education in schools. He encourages educators to approach sexual education in a positive and inclusive manner, promoting healthy relationships and empowering young people to make safe and informed decisions. By normalizing sex education, Mech believed teens will be better equipped to handle new hormonal and social challenges during their teenage years. Finally, Mech believes that installing condom dispensers in school nurse's offices is a vital step in reducing teen pregnancy rates. By making free contraceptives easily accessible to students, he hopes to encourage safe sexual intimacy and reduce the number of unplanned pregnancies. In conclusion, David Mech is determined to change the narrative around teenage pregnancy rates by advocating for the better education and support of young people. Through his experience in the adult film industry and his extensive research, Mech has developed a comprehensive approach to tackling the problem. With a focus on technological innovation and better sex education, Mech believes that we can empower young people to make infirmed decisions that will keep them safe and healthy.