article: (CNN) -- Without talisman Lionel Messi, Barcelona slipped to their second defeat in a week as a 1-0 reverse at Athletic Bilbao Sunday blew the Spanish title race wide open. Already qualified for the Champions League knockout stages, their 2-1 midweek loss to Ajax Amsterdam could be forgiven, but Iker Muniain's 70th minute winner for Athletic has far greater significance. It was Barca's first league reverse of the season and left them level on points with Atletico Madrid with arch-rivals Real Madrid snapping at their heels a further three points adrift. Athletic, who are unbeaten at their new San Mames stadium, have moved up into the fourth Champions League spot with the victory. Muniain might have put them ahead in the first half but he wasted a great chance from close range, while Barcelona offered little in reply. Brazil's Neymar was kept quiet but just after half time he burst through only to be pulled back by home midfielder Ander Iturraspe, who was lucky to escape with a yellow card. But the men from the Basque country remained a constant threat and Markel Susaeta crossed for Muniain to slide home his decisive goal. A second should have followed but Gaizka Toquero headed a cross straight at Barcelona goalkeeper Jose Manuel Pinto, who made a reaction save. Barcelona coach Gerardo Martino flung on Sergi Roberto and Pedro as late substitutes, but to no avail. Messi was confined to the sidelines for the second time this season last month with a hamstring injury which is set to keep him out of action until January, missing at least two more La Liga games. Meanwhile in Italy, champions Juventus went three points clear of early pace setters Roma with a 1-0 win over Udinese Sunday. It took an injury-time header from Spain striker Fernando Llorente to grab the three vital points as he headed Stephan Lichsteiner's shot past Zeljko Brkic. Juve had plenty of chances to wrap up their 12th win of the season and sixth in a row, but were frustrated by dogged defense and poor finishing until the last gasp strike. Earlier, Roma were held to their fourth draw in a row, 1-1 away at Atalanta. Napoli, who are in third, nine points adrift, travel to Lazio Monday. Fourth placed Inter Milan failed to make up ground as they were held 1-1 at home to Sampdoria. Renan scored a late leveler for Sampdoria after Fredy Guarin had given Inter an 18th minute lead at the San Siro.
highlights: Barcelona lose first La Liga game of the season . Beaten 1-0 by Athletic Bilbao at San Mames . Goal by Iker Muniain in second half gives Bilbao famous victory . Juventus stay top in Italy with 1-0 win over Udinese .
id: faebdc8cb297188b25e2f893f6d764d077b041a5
chatgpt: Barcelona, who had started their La Liga campaign brightly, have lost their first game of the season. They were beaten 1-0 by Athletic Bilbao at the San Mames Stadium in what was a hard-fought encounter. Athletic Bilbao began the game brightly and had the first chance of the match early on. Barcelona goalkeeper Marc-Andre ter Stegen was forced into a good save to keep out a shot from Inaki Williams. Barcelona gradually grew into the game but they struggled to break down an organised and disciplined Bilbao defence. In the second half, the game opened up a bit more and it was Bilbao who struck the crucial blow. In the 71st minute, Bilbao midfielder Iker Muniain received the ball on the edge of the box and he fired a low shot into the bottom corner of the Barcelona net to give his side the lead. Barcelona tried to mount a comeback but they were unable to find a way through the Bilbao defence. In the end, Bilbao held on for a famous victory over one of Europe's biggest clubs. Meanwhile, over in Italy, Juventus continued their unbeaten start to the season with a hard-fought 1-0 win over Udinese. The defending champions had to work hard for their win but a goal from Paulo Dybala was enough to secure the three points. Juventus started the game strongly and they had a couple of early chances to take the lead. However, it was Udinese who nearly took the lead in the 26th minute. Rodrigo de Paul's powerful shot was tipped over the bar by Juventus goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon. Just when it looked like the game was heading for a draw, Paulo Dybala popped up with the decisive goal. The Argentine forward received the ball on the edge of the box and he curled a beautiful shot into the top corner of the Udinese net. The goal was enough to give Juventus their seventh win of the season and keep them top of the Serie A table. Overall, it was a mixed weekend for Europe's top clubs. While Barcelona suffered their first defeat of the season, Juventus continued to march on at the top of Serie A. The defeat will be a wake-up call for Barcelona and they will need to bounce back quickly if they are to defend their title this season.