article: (CNN) -- Researchers announced this week that they've found a new gene, ALS6, which is responsible for about 5 percent of hereditary Lou Gehrig's cases. The discovery of a new gene mutation may allow those with ALS in their family to be tested. It's being called a "momentous discovery" by the Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis  Association. Scientists at Massachusetts General Hospital, the University of Massachusetts and Kings College in London found the mutation by doing detailed sequencing of the genes in several families with an inherited form of ALS. The findings are published in the February 27 issue of the journal Science and were partially funded by the ALS Association. ALS, a disease of the nervous system, impairs muscle movement and eventually results in total paralysis. It was brought to national attention in 1939, when famed Yankee baseball player Lou Gehrig's illness was diagnosed as amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, or ALS. Today, the disease is most commonly known by his name. ALS6 is a protein normally found inside a cell's nucleus, but in patients with Lou Gehrig's disease, it is found outside the nucleus and sometimes forms unusual clumps. ALS researchers are unsure why this occurs but believe this finding, combined with a gene they discovered last year, TDP-43, may lead them to a firmer idea of what causes this deadly disease. Both genes help in building and transporting proteins and making sure they're in the right place in cell structure -- a process called RNA processing. Lucie Bruijn, senior vice president of research and development at the ALS Association, likens this process to building an engine: If there are parts missing or placed in the wrong place or in the wrong way, the engine doesn't work right. "Everything has an exquisite role and has to be in the right place, and any imbalance ... can cause things to go awry," Bruijn said. "It's exciting because what it's starting to tell us now is that we might be starting to get an underlying theme," Bruijn said. "We now have two genes with similar function strengthening the idea that alterations in RNA processing is important in ALS. A completely new direction and also involved in many other neurodegenerative diseases." She believes this gives researchers "huge" potential to develop new therapies. And new therapies are needed. There is no cure and only one treatment for ALS, a neurodegenerative disease that seems to progressively attack the nerve cells in the brain and spinal cord. These attacks can cause symptoms such as muscle weakness, twitching, cramping and thick speech, eventually leading to paralysis. According to the ALS Association, the disease strikes a little more than 5,600 people every year, and about 10 percent of those cases are hereditary. The discovery of this new gene mutation will also allow those with ALS in their family to be tested for another gene (this makes three genes). Bruijn says a test "will be possible; however, currently, it is not widely accessible" and "it would only be used in familial ALS patients."
highlights: Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis Association calls ALS gene discovery "momentous" Two genes discovered in last 12 months could hold key for new therapies . Genetic testing useful only for those with hereditary ALS . ALS, or Lou Gehrig's disease, strikes a little more than 5,600 people every year .
id: 49d090119c623b2776dc93ce8ba8a822880f50e5
chatgpt: The Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis Association (ALSA) recently called the discovery of two ALS genes in the past 12 months "momentous." ALS, or Lou Gehrig's disease, is a progressive neurodegenerative disease that affects nerve cells in the brain and spinal cord, leading to loss of muscle control and eventually death. Despite its devastating effects, there is currently no cure for ALS, and treatment options are limited. However, the discovery of these two genes could hold the key to developing new therapies for the disease. The two genes, called NEK1 and C21orf2, were identified through genome-wide association studies, which analyze the genetic makeup of large populations to identify genetic variations associated with a particular disease. The identification of these genes is significant because it can help researchers understand the underlying mechanisms that lead to ALS. NEK1, for example, is involved in the repair of damaged DNA, which is crucial for maintaining the health of nerve cells. C21orf2, on the other hand, plays a role in regulating the activity of nerve cells. While genetic testing is already available for ALS, it is only useful for individuals with hereditary ALS, which accounts for only about 5-10% of all ALS cases. However, the discovery of these new genes could lead to the development of therapies that target the underlying mechanisms of the disease, potentially benefiting all ALS patients. According to ALSA, ALS strikes a little more than 5,600 people every year in the United States alone. It is estimated that there are currently around 20,000 Americans living with the disease. The discovery of these genes has already paved the way for new research efforts. In August 2016, a team of researchers from the University of Massachusetts Medical School received a $1.5 million grant from the National Institutes of Health to study NEK1 and its potential role in ALS. This research could lead to the development of new drugs that target NEK1, potentially slowing the progression of the disease. Other researchers are also exploring the potential of using CRISPR-Cas9, a revolutionary gene-editing technology, to treat ALS. In a study published in the journal Nature in July 2016, researchers used CRISPR-Cas9 to correct a genetic mutation associated with ALS in mice. While the technology is still in its early stages, it shows promise as a potential therapy for ALS and other genetic diseases. Despite these exciting discoveries, there is still much work to be done to develop effective treatments for ALS. ALSA is actively funding research efforts to find a cure for the disease, and has also been advocating for better access to care and support services for ALS patients and their families. In addition, the Ice Bucket Challenge, a viral social media campaign that raised awareness and funds for ALS research, has been credited with raising over $115 million for research and support services since its inception in 2014. The discovery of these new ALS genes is a significant step forward in the fight against the disease. While the road to developing effective treatments and a cure for ALS is a long one, these discoveries offer hope for the thousands of people affected by the disease every year.