article: Australian spies will soon get unprecedented powers to help fight terrorism, including giving ASIO operatives the ability to monitor phones, iPads, laptops and any other devices at and address with just one search warrant. And anyone who outs a member of the security services faces ten years behind bars - a tenfold increase in the penalty. The government's first tranche of tougher anti-terrorism laws, which beef up the domestic spy agency's powers, passed the Senate on Thursday with bipartisan support. Attorney-General George Brandis said in a 'newly dangerous age' it was vital that those protecting Australia were equipped with the powers and capabilities they needed. Attorney-General George Brandis, seen her speaking earlier this week, has said the new terror laws will give ASIO stronger powers . The bill will now be sent to the House of Representatives, where passage is all but guaranteed. The legislation addresses a number of recommendations of a bipartisan joint parliamentary inquiry into Australia's national security laws. It allows ASIO to access third party computers and apply one warrant to multiple devices. After concerns were raised by Labor and Liberal Democratic Senator David Leyonhjelm, the government agreed to amend the legislation to specifically rule out ASIO using torture. 'ASIO cannot, does not and has never engaged in torture,' Senator Brandis said. The Palmer United Party was successful in amending the law so anyone who exposes an undercover ASIO operative could face up to 10 years behind bars instead of one. This included 'reckless' journalists, whistleblowers and bloggers who disclose sensitive information, Fairfax Media report. The new laws as the largest terror raids in Australia took place last week across Sydney and Melbourne . The Australian Greens voted against the bill, slamming the new measures as extreme and a 'relentless expansion of powers' of the surveillance state. Senator Leyonhjelm and Independent Senator Nick Xenophon - who moved a number of unsuccessful amendments - also opposed the legislation. Others have also criticised the laws saying they would put a lid on any national security reporting, crippling what would be allowed to be reported. The legal changes come amid growing concern over Islamic State (IS) extremists in the Middle East and terror threats at home. The legislation will also help stamp out home-grown terrorists, such as terror suspect Numan Haider who was shot dead on Tuesday after stabbing two police officers . IS has ordered followers to directly target civilian Australians. In less than a week, police in two states launched the biggest terror raids in Australia's history, and shot dead a known terror suspect after he stabbed two officers in Melbourne. A second suite of anti-terror laws targeting foreign fighters was introduced on Wednesday and will be debated next month. These changes have opposition support and would make it a criminal office to travel to a terrorist hot-spot without a reasonable excuse. The government is aware of about 60 Australians fighting in Syria and Iraq. A third bill enabling the collection of metadata will be introduced later this year.
highlights: ASIO will have stronger powers under the new terror laws . Legislation will allow ASIO to access third party computers . Anyone who exposes an ASIO operative could be locked up for ten years . The bill passed in the Senate on Thursday and will be sent to the House of Reps where it's expected to do the same . The legal changes come amid growing concern over IS extremists and terror threats at home .
id: 33bec10648662bb2c3f12abdc81960cb10db826c
chatgpt: The Australian Security Intelligence Organization (ASIO) will be granted greater powers under new terror laws which has been a contentious issue. The legislative changes will allow ASIO to access third party computers in order to gather evidence and intelligence. One of the more controversial aspects of the new legislation is the repercussions for those who expose ASIO operatives. Anyone who is found to have exposed the identity of an ASIO operative could face up to ten years in prison. The new legislation is part of the government's efforts to combat terror threats in the country, which have been a growing concern. The bill passed in the Senate on Thursday and is now under consideration by the House of Representatives, where it is expected to be passed without much opposition. The legal changes have been met with mixed reactions. Supporters of the legislation argue that the new powers are necessary in order to ensure that ASIO can effectively carry out its duties to protect the country against terrorism. They also argue that the legislation is necessary to ensure that ASIO can gather intelligence effectively without being impeded by legal barriers. Detractors of the legislation argue that the new powers could be abused, leading to potential violations of privacy, and an increased likelihood of data breaches. They also argue that the legislation has implications for the freedom of the press and could be used to stifle reporting on ASIO operations. The debate surrounding the legal changes comes amid growing concern over the threat posed by extremist groups such as ISIS. The Attorney-General, Christian Porter, has stated that the new legislation is necessary to keep Australians safe from these threats. "We are constantly assessing the security environment, and it is clear that the threat of terrorism in Australia remains high," he said. "This legislation will give our security agencies the necessary powers to keep Australians safe." ASIO director-general, Duncan Lewis, has also supported the changes. In a recent interview, he argued that the new legislation would help to ensure that ASIO can continue to operate effectively. "ASIO operates in a very challenging environment, and we need to ensure that we have the necessary powers to do our job effectively," he said. "The changes to the legislation will help to ensure that we can continue to operate effectively and protect Australians from the threat of terrorism." However, civil liberties advocates have expressed concern about the new legislation, arguing that it could be used to violate privacy and to curb freedom of speech. They argue that the legislation represents a significant expansion of state power and that it provides little in the way of protections for ordinary citizens. "Allowing ASIO to access third party computers and to essentially hack into private systems in order to gather intelligence is a significant expansion of state power," said Tim Singleton Norton, the head of the Australian Privacy Foundation. "We are concerned that this will have implications for the privacy of ordinary Australians and that it could be used to quash dissent and free speech." In conclusion, the proposed legal changes could lead to significant changes in the way that ASIO operates. While supporters of the legislation argue that it is necessary to protect against terrorist threats, detractors have expressed concerns about potential violations of privacy and freedom of speech. The debate surrounding the new legislation is likely to continue, and it will be interesting to see how the legislation is ultimately implemented and enforced.