article: An extremely rare shark species considered a 'living dinosaur' has been caught off the coast of New South Wales to the shock and amazement of local fishermen. The species, known as a goblin shark, are rarely seen as they typically reside in waters near the ocean floor at around 1,200 metres deep. As they dislike sunlight and prefer the darkness of the ocean floor, they are also known as the 'vampire shark'. However this small specimen was captured in a net by fishermen, Lochlainn Kelly and his father Mike, just 609 metres below the water's surface near Green Cape off the South Coast of New South Wales, and brought to shore at Merimbula to the north, Narooma News reports. Scroll down for video . This extremely rare two-to-three year old goblin shark was pulled from waters off the coast of Victoria . The species are rarely seen as they typically stay in waters near the ocean floor at around 1200 metres deep . As they dislike sunlight and prefer the darkness of the ocean floor, they are also known as the 'vampire shark' The creepy-looking creature has a bloated pink belly, grey fins, a pointy nose and row of short, sharp teeth. 'I wasn't freaked out, if anything I was pretty excited, Lochlainn Kelly, 22, told the Sydney Morning Herald. 'I've seen photos of them before but I've never seen one before.' In Merimbula, the Wharf Aquarium curator Michael McMaster and Alan Scrymgeour from the Sapphire Coast Marine Discovery Centre studied the creature and were stunned by the discovery. The goblin shark is the last known species of Mitsukurinidae, a family of sharks from 125 million years ago. They ruled that the specimen was two to three years old as it is relatively small at just 1.2 metres in length. A fully grown goblin shark is between three and four metres long. However this small specimen was captured in a net by fishermen, Lochlainn Kelly and his father Mike, just 609 metres below the water's surface . The creepy-looking creature has a bloated pink belly, grey fins, a pointy nose and row of short, sharp teeth . They ruled that the specimen was two to three years old as it is relatively small at just 1.2 metres in length . 'Their teeth are often found in underwater electrical cables,' Mr McMaster told Narooma News. 'A lot of fishermen have been saying that the currents are very different this year,' he added, which might have something to do with how this shark found its way into the net. The shark is set to be sent from Wharf Aquarium to the Australian Museum in Sydney for display.
highlights: An extremely rare shark was pulled from waters off the NSW south coast . The 'Goblin Shark' is known as a 'living dinosaur' and normally live near the ocean floor . The fish was pulled up by 22-year-old Lochlainn Kelly and his father Mike . The specimen will be sent to the Australian Museum in Sydney .
id: ce9c9b6ab7a5d0c84b1f1b632b4ec17de5ccf6bb
chatgpt: Fishermen off the coast of New South Wales have caught an extremely rare species of shark known as the 'Goblin Shark'. The shark is often referred to as a 'living dinosaur' due to its unique characteristics and ancient lineage. These sharks are known to live near the ocean floor, and it is extremely rare to capture one so close to the surface. The lucky fishermen who caught the Goblin Shark were 22-year-old Lochlainn Kelly and his father Mike. The pair were fishing in the waters off the NSW south coast when they made the incredible discovery. They were astounded by the strange and distinctive appearance of the shark, and immediately knew they had something special on their hands. Goblin Sharks are not only rare, but also fascinating creatures. They have elongated snouts with sharp, protruding teeth and retractable jaws that shoot forward to snatch prey. Their skin is soft and flabby, and their bodies are bioluminescent, glowing with a unique blue-green hue. The appearance of these sharks is so unusual that they are sometimes referred to as monsters from the deep. This Goblin Shark specimen is a unique find, and it is likely to be the only one of its kind ever caught in this area. The fishermen knew that they had a special discovery on their hands and contacted the Australian Museum in Sydney to inform them of their find. The Australian Museum is a renowned institution for the study of natural history and the Goblin Shark will be sent there for further study. Researchers at the museum are excited about the find, as there are very few specimens of this shark that have been fully examined. This Goblin Shark could provide valuable information for scientists who are studying the evolution of the shark species, as well as its behavior and habitat. The Goblin Shark has fascinated marine biologists, conservationists, and animal lovers for years, due to its unique appearance and behavior. It is believed that these sharks can survive for up to 100 years, which makes them even more remarkable. The shark's deep water habitat makes them hard to study, and the Australian Museum is excited to have the opportunity to investigate this specimen in more detail. This discovery is a reminder that there are still many hidden and unexplored wonders in our oceans. The Goblin Shark may be a rare find, but it is only one of many incredible creatures that live beneath the surface of our planet's waters. With continued research and exploration, we are sure to make more remarkable discoveries that will add to our understanding of the incredible diversity of life on Earth. For now, the fishermen who caught the Goblin Shark can rest easy, knowing that their discovery will make a significant contribution to the scientific community.