article: By . Alexandra Klausner . PUBLISHED: . 12:17 EST, 16 November 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 12:51 EST, 16 November 2013 . Measure B, a law that requires porn actors to wear condoms, has done little to protect the porn industry financially. Ever since the law passed in Los Angeles County, permits for porns have dropped 95 per cent. The News Daily reports that in November of last year, 480 film permits were filed in Los Angeles. This year, only 24 permits were filed, said CEO of the Free Speech Coalition, Diane Duke. Duke said that Permits cost $,1000, and the lack thereof has cost the county of $450,000 in revenue. The Free speech Coalition has a history of being opposed to measure B and gives the reason that actors are tested for HIV every 14 days. Wrap it up: After a law that requires porn actors to wear condoms passed in Los Angeles, many producers have been looking to shoot porns in neighboring towns . Measure B doesn't require that actors get tested, and therefore could put them at risk for disease. Measure B was enforced by the California Division of Occupational Safety and Health(OSHA) to ensure the safety of porn actors. Unfortunately, less people want to watch porns with actors wearing condoms. Porn Actress Lily Lebeau told Slate, I wouldn't mind using condoms more. It's just not what people want to see.' If people don't want to see it, they wont pay for it. People are still filing porn permits, but they're doing it in neighboring towns. City of Los Angeles Safer Sex in the Adult Film Indistry Act: LA porn actors must wear condoms during porn shoots in the area . 'Most production companies have ceased shooting in LA County. They have other options in other states and communities,' said Diane Duke to Capitalbay.com. The neighboring city of Camarillo issued a 45-day moratorium on porn productions because a a growing number of requests to shoot in the area caused concern for city officials. Camarillo doesn't have a condom rule so officials called the moratorium to 'study it so we can craft certain regulations,' said assistant city attorney Don Davis. 'Now that they’ve put some restrictions on them that inhibit them, they’re trying to move out of there. We don’t want them to migrate to our area,' Camarillo councilman Mike Morgan said. Camarillo fears that the porn industry will begin to infiltrate the community because they can't shoot elsewhere. Linda Parks, a Ventura County supervisor, told the LA Times that residents near Thousands Oakes were complaining about an increase in porn shoots. 'People are hearing moans and seeing naked people,' she said. Smaller production companies in L.A. may be secretly avoiding permits which poses regulation problems and keep the county from making revenue.
highlights: Measure B, a law that requires LA porn actors to wear condoms, has left producers searching to film porns elsewhere . Permits cost $,1000, and the lack thereof has cost the county of $450,000 in revenue . Neighboring counties are concerned about the porn industry infiltrating their communities .
id: 576fce17fd265834965cee98eb466f8278e6055f
chatgpt: Measure B, a mandate requiring adult film actors in Los Angeles to use condoms during sexual intercourse scenes, has generated an uproar in the porn industry. The law was initially implemented to promote health and safety among porn performers, but it has triggered a significant fallout in the industry, with producers searching for alternative locations to film their videos. One of the main reasons for the discontentment among the producers is the hefty permit fees for filming in Los Angeles. According to recent reports, a permit for filming adult content costs $1,000 per film. This fee, in combination with other production expenses, is deemed too high by many adult film producers, prompting them to seek out other locations. The repercussions of this are devastating to the county, as the sudden decrease in permits to film adult content in the area has left a massive dent in the county's revenue. Reportedly, the reduction in permits has cost the county around $450,000 in lost revenue since Measure B was enforced. This has brought about concerns of economic decline among some local communities, where the adult film industry is an integral part of their income stream. Additionally, several neighboring counties are wary of the industry's potential infiltration into their communities, and the consequent economic and social effects it may have. Some producers and actors alike have expressed their disapproval of Measure B, as they believe that it infringes on their artistic freedom and choice in the type of content they produce. Others, however, argue that the law is necessary to promote safety and prevent the spread of sexually transmitted infections (STIs) in the industry. Proponents of Measure B believe that the use of condoms will help reduce the risk of STIs and contribute to better healthcare for performers. In conclusion, the enforcement of Measure B is causing a stir in the LA adult film industry, leading to producers searching for alternative filming locations. The high permit fees, paired with the strain the law places on artistic freedom, has brought developments that are hurting the county's local economy. Moreover, neighboring counties are apprehensive about the possibility of hosting the industry, leading to a worrisome outcome for the industry itself and the local communities that rely on it.