article: She has her own clothing label, book, millions of followers on Facebook and Twitter, counts Hollywood stars as her friends and her debut film has just been shown at an acclaimed film festival. And looking at these cute snaps of the star it's easy to see why. Lil Bub the cat is the latest feline sensation sweeping the web and earning legions of fans across the globe. Scroll down for video . So cute: Lil Bub, the latest famous feline to become a global web sensation, is pictured posing with her favourite cuddly toy . Much-loved: The disabled cat has millions of followers on social media websites, her own blog and fashion label . Famous: Lil Bub suffers from a rare bone deformity which means that her tongue is almost always sticking out and she has deformed paws . But Lil Bub has become a worldwide internet hit despite her unusual look - she suffers a rare bone deformity which leaves her unable to close her mouth and her tongue almost constantly sticking out. The tiny cat's disability also means she has no teeth, a deformity in her paws, and six claws. But she has followed in the pawsteps of other famous felines such as Maru and Grumpy Cat and hit the big time. Her rise to stardom began when owner Michael Bridavsky began taking pictures of Lil Bub with some of the music artists who came to record at his Indiana music studio. Relaxing: The cat became an internet hit after her owner Michael Bridavsky began posting pictures on the blog of his recording studio . Popular: Lil Bub's first film debuted at the acclaimed Tribeca film festival last week . Michael would post the pictures of his unusual looking pet on the studio's blog for the amusement of his friends but soon began to be contacted by strangers wanting more. The Cat has now amassed a staggering 125,000 fans on her Facebook page alone and has thousands of followers on Twitter and YouTube. She has her own book, Lil Bub's Lil Book: The Extraordinary Life Of The Most Amazing Cat On The Planet, and was most recently photographed being held by Robert Di Niro at the Tribeca Film Festival where she starred in a documentary about the phenomenon of famous cats called Lil Bub and Friends. Famous friends: Robert De Niro and cat Lil Bub were pictured together at the Directors Brunch during the Tribeca festival . Worldwide star: De Niro was spotted purring over the famous feline at the film festival . Lil Bub is by no means the first cat to take the internet by storm. Japanese cat Maru's antics have been viewed millions of times on YouTube and he even has his own blog. Tadar Sauce, also known as the Grumpy Cat, also became an internet sensation when his picture was posted on Reddit.
highlights: Lil Bub has millions of fans on Facebook, Twitter and YouTube, her own clothing range and a book . She debuted in her first feature film about famous cats last week and counts Robert De Niro as a friend . But Lil Bub has a serious and rare bone condition leaving her paws deformed and her tongue always sticking out .
id: 34d24336a93f821c81df6d4fdb73878a2e1509df
chatgpt: Lil Bub, the famous internet cat, has made her debut on the big screen. The fluffy feline, known for her adorable looks and quirky personality, stars in a new feature film about famous cats. Despite her adorable appearance, Lil Bub has a rare bone condition that has left her paws deformed and her tongue always sticking out. Despite her rare condition, Lil Bub has amassed a legion of followers across social media platforms, with millions of fans following her on Facebook, Twitter and YouTube. She has even launched her own clothing range and penning a book. Last week, Lil Bub's star power reached new heights when she made her feature film debut. The movie, which features some of the world's most famous felines, also includes appearances from celebrity cat owners like Robert De Niro, who counts Lil Bub as a friend. Lil Bub's journey to fame hasn't been an easy one, as her bone condition has caused her many challenges, but her loyal fans have embraced her as an inspiring figure for overcoming adversity. Despite her physical limitations, Lil Bub has made an impact on people all over the world, serving as a reminder that even the smallest creatures can have a big impact. In an interview with People magazine, Lil Bub's owner, Mike Bridavsky, talked about the challenges they have faced. He said that Lil Bub was born with several genetic mutations that affect her bones, muscles and teeth. Her tongue is also always sticking out of her mouth because she doesn't have enough room in her jaw to hold it in. Despite her condition, Bridavsky says that Lil Bub is a happy cat who loves to play and cuddle. She has also sparked real change in the world, with her owner using her fame to raise awareness and funds for animal welfare organizations. In 2015, Lil Bub's Big Fund helped raise over $40,000 for animals in need. But it's not just animal welfare that Lil Bub is championing. She has become an inspiration to people with disabilities as well, with her positive attitude and perseverance in the face of adversity. Lil Bub's strength and resilience have made her a symbol of hope for those struggling with their own challenges. Despite her fame, Lil Bub's owner stresses that at the end of the day, she is just a cat. But for the millions of people who follow her online, she is much more than that. Lil Bub is a reminder that even in the darkest of times, there is always hope. As Lil Bub's star continues to rise, it's clear that she is much more than just a cute cat. She has become a symbol of love, hope and perseverance, inspiring fans all over the world. Her journey proves that even the smallest creatures can make a big impact in the world.