article: By . Australian Associated Press . An former NSW cop who lied to the Police Integrity Commission (PIC) about a drug-fuelled weekend has cried in court as he described how his career has been destroyed. Former detective inspector Shane Diehm, 49, was hauled before the PIC in October 2011 to answer questions about drug use in the force. During that hearing, Diehm was quizzed about a weekend on Queensland's Gold Coast the year before, in which officers were allegedly secretly recorded consuming illicit drugs and hash cookies. Diehm initially lied to the commission about taking drugs but after a two-hour adjournment at the PIC, went back and admitted he had. Diehm has pleaded guilty to two counts of giving false information in relation to this. Disgraced former detective inspector Shane Diehm cried as he told the court how his drug use had impacted his family and career . Diehm was suspended from duty for testing positive for cocaine after a colleague's retirement party in August 2011 . But he denies he lied to the PIC when he said he 'didn't remember' seeing other former and serving cops use drugs that weekend. He has pleaded not guilty to two counts of providing false information to the PIC in relation to this. Diehm told Downing Centre Local Court on Wednesday that he had 'no reason' to protect the other cops. 'I'm not naive enough to believe that I was the only one who (took drugs)... But if I had to guess who I saw or what the footage showed, I have no recollection,' he said. Diehm cried as he told the court how his drug use had impacted his family and career. More... 'Be the Rolls Royce not the Hyundai': The 'Pimp Manifesto' of violent sex trafficker who lured beautiful young Gold Coast girls into prostitution . No-one called Triple 0 for 12 hours as a Queensland mother-of-four lay dying . Australian jihadist being deported to Melbourne from the Phillippines will walk free as he has not broken Australian law . When he fronted the PIC, Diehm was suspended from duty for testing positive for cocaine after a colleague's retirement party in August 2011. Since then, Diehm, who served at Tweed Heads, said he had been 'absolutely hammered'by the north coast's media. 'I come from a really old-fashioned family where I am the oldest and sort of looked up to,' he said. Diehm told the court that during the two-hour adjournment at the PIC hearing, he had thought about his mother and family, and decided to go back tell the truth about his drug use. 'My life was on a spiral ... my son wouldn't talk to me,' he said. He said he knew that at the end of the PIC hearing, his career was over. 'I was suspended ... I had no future.' The hearing continues. Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
highlights: Former detective Shane Diehm says boys' trip to Gold Coast ruined his life . 49-year-old says he and fellow officers were secretly recorded taking drugs . Diehm claims he was made a pariah, with his son refusing to talk to him .
id: 891a5ad9bc8ffbeb84b4768acf3418810c7077e9
chatgpt: Former detective Shane Diehm, 49, has alleged that a boys' trip to Gold Coast has ruined his life after he and fellow officers were secretly recorded taking drugs. Diehm, who was previously the head of the New South Wales Police, has claimed that the trip has led to him being ostracized by his family and colleagues. According to Diehm, the trip took place in 2010 when he and some of his colleagues traveled to Australia's Gold Coast for a weekend away. It was during this trip that the group was secretly recorded taking drugs. The recording was later made public and Diehm claims that it has cost him his reputation and his career. Diehm describes himself as being 'naive' and says that he was not aware that he was being recorded. He says that he deeply regrets his actions and his association with the people involved. Since the recording was made public, Diehm claims that he has been subject to widespread criticism and disdain within his profession and the wider community. The former detective says that his life has been destroyed as a result of the incident. He alleges that he has been subjected to verbal abuse and that he and his family have been shunned by their community. Diehm claims that his son has refused to speak to him since the incident and that he feels ostracized by his former colleagues. The incident with Diehm has highlighted the issue of drug use within the police force. Although the police force is tasked with enforcing drug laws, there have been a number of high-profile incidents where police officers have been caught taking drugs themselves. This has raised questions about whether the police are properly equipped to deal with the issue of drug use within their own ranks. Diehm has been vocal about his experience and has spoken out about the need for greater support for police officers who may be struggling with addiction or substance abuse. He has said that the incident has taught him a valuable lesson and that he is committed to making sure that no other police officer has to go through what he experienced. Despite the personal toll that the incident has taken on him, Diehm says that he does not regret his career in law enforcement. He remains committed to the idea of justice and law enforcement and has said that he hopes to continue to contribute to the community in other ways. The case of Shane Diehm highlights the dangers of drugs and addiction within the police force. Although the issue is a difficult one to address, it is important that steps are taken to provide police officers with the support and help they need to avoid falling into these traps. Hopefully, the case of Shane Diehm will serve as a wake-up call to authorities to ensure that our law enforcement officers are as well-equipped as possible to serve their communities.