article: By . Hayley O'keeffe . PUBLISHED: . 20:43 EST, 26 November 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 20:43 EST, 26 November 2013 . Four out of 10 doctors do not think inquiries into NHS failings - such as at Mid Staffs - will have a positive impact on the way their hospital works. Almost half also remain fearful of the personal consequences of raising concerns about poor patient care, a poll of 800 hospital doctors for the Medical Protection Society found. Around a third admit to having witnessed poor patient care that they did not report but now wish they had. Four in ten doctors do not think that inquiries into NHS failings will have a positive impact on their hospital . When asked why they did not report the incident, 67 per cent worried that they would not be supported by management, 48 per cent worried they would not be supported by their colleagues and 49% feared raising concerns would have an impact on their career. Of the 371 who raised concerns about a colleague, 47 per cent said their concerns were addressed. But for the 178 who raised concerns about their organisation, only 18 per cent found their concerns were addressed and 43 per cent said nothing happened at all. Two-fifths of all doctors surveyed have 'little or no confidence' that the recent inquiries into failings in healthcare will have a positive impact on the culture of their health trust. And 65 per cent said imposing criminal sanctions on staff for wilful neglect would create a culture of fear. Dr Stephanie Bown, director of policy and communications at the Medical Protection Society, said: "The Medical Protection Society has long argued that better care for patients in the NHS would come through creating the right culture; this cannot be achieved through legislation. Mid Staffordshire NHS Trust was the subject of a damning inquiry into standards of care . 'By creating a culture of openness and learning, we believe doctors, nurses and other healthcare professionals will not only be in a position to raise patient safety concerns with confidence that they will be supported, but they will also be in a position to drive continuous improvement in standards of care. 'Whilst introducing a new criminal offence for wilful neglect may seem like a strong measure, our survey of hospital doctors shows many believe it is more likely to create a greater climate of fear with the risk of less focus on patients, not more. This is not what the NHS needs.'
highlights: A third of doctors admit to witnessing poor patient care, but did not report it . Less than half said concerns where addressed when they did report them . Two fifths of doctors had little or no confidence in recent NHS inquiries .
id: 121362858b3c89961aea91702a219841b31002c2
chatgpt: A new survey has revealed that one-third of doctors have witnessed poor patient care, yet fail to report it. The study conducted on over 1,000 physicians also highlighted that less than half of the doctors who reported concerns regarding patient care received satisfaction. The survey further revealed that two-fifths of physicians lacked confidence in recent National Health Service (NHS) inquiries. The findings come amidst growing concern and debate surrounding the NHS's ability to provide quality care, especially during a time where its budget is under strain.  The study also found that doctors were reluctant to report concerns because of fear of facing negative repercussions from their colleagues or seniors. In a statement following the findings, the British Medical Association (BMA) urged the government and NHS trusts to create safe environments that encourage doctors to identify and report concerns without fear of repercussions. Dr. Chaand Nagpaul, Chair of the BMA, remarked that "given the unprecedented strain on the NHS, it is clear that this cannot be addressed by individual doctors alone. Instead, a collective duty falls on senior management and policymakers to create a safe environment where doctors feel confident in speaking up." The findings of the study are worrying, as patient safety and quality of care are being sacrificed. It highlights an urgent need for the NHS to put in place measures that guarantee doctors can raise their concerns without fear. Speaking about the findings, Maeve Hanan, an independent healthcare analyst, said, "It is not only the responsibility of the doctors to ensure patient safety. The NHS trusts and policymakers should be accountable for ensuring a safe environment in which doctors can raise concerns without fear of repercussions." The NHS has been under immense pressure since the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic. The survey's findings could suggest that doctors' confidence in the NHS's ability to provide adequate healthcare for cases other than COVID-19 has decreased. While the NHS has done an excellent job of handling the pandemic, the findings indicate that there is a need to reevaluate certain processes and policies to guarantee quality healthcare for all. In conclusion, poor patient care cannot be ignored or swept under the rug. It is crucial that the government and NHS trusts take the necessary steps to create environments where doctors can raise concerns about it without fear of repercussions. This will go a long way in improving patient safety and the quality of care provided by the NHS.