article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . UPDATED: . 16:49 EST, 26 November 2011 . It is one of the defining images of Christmas, as children cosy up to Santa on his knee to tell him exactly what presents they want. But in an age of 'government guidance' and overcautious school bosses, it was only a matter of time before it became a tradition of the past. A rising number of schools are now forbidding children from sitting on Santa's knee, with increasing numbers of teachers banning any physically contact with Santa at all. Thing of the past: The scene of children sitting on Santa's knee could be over after government guidance suggested there should be no physical contact between Father Christmas and children. With those playing 'Santa' no longer required to pass a CRB check, more and more schools are opting to 'err' on the side of caution and impose strict rules on children visiting Father Christmas. Parents who volunteer for the role of Santa don't have to undergo CRB checks as they do not come into regular contact with children. But those who want to don the red suit and big festive white beard can now only do in many schools as long as they are not left alone with the children and don't let them sit on their laps. Government guidance now states: 'Under no circumstances must a volunteer who has not obtained a CRB disclosure... be left unsupervised with children.' Russell Hobby, the general secretary of the National Association of Head Teachers, told the Daily Telegraph this ruling meant many members had decided it is better if Santa avoided all physical contact with children. He said: 'The climate we work in, and the risk of getting it wrong, mean many school leaders err on the side of cuation. 'And if you are going to 'err' on the side of caution, that's the side most parents would prefer.' A spokesman for the Department for Education said children could still sit on Father Christmas’s knee as long as parents were consulted and were 'completely comfortable' with the situation. Christine Blower, of the National Union of Teachers, told the Telegraph: 'It would be a great shame if misinterpretation of regulations deterred schools from traditional festive celebrations.'
highlights: Government guidance stresses Santa 'cannot be left with children unsupervised'
id: 47968c3d4e96cf5579956ad595283cbff7a67de1
chatgpt: Parents are being warned not to leave their children alone with Santa Claus this Christmas season, according to updated government guidance issued by the Department of Health and Social Care. The guidance highlights the importance of safeguarding children and states that it is not safe to assume that Santa can be trusted to be alone with children. Although Santa is a beloved figure around the world, there have been instances in the past where individuals dressed as Santa have abused children. The updated guidance serves as a reminder that even during joyful festivities, parents must remain vigilant. “While it is important for children to experience the magic of Christmas, parents must ensure that their children remain safe at all times,” the guidance warns. “It is crucial to remember that Santa cannot be left with children unsupervised.” The guidance goes on to state that in situations where Santa is visiting a school or community event, there should always be at least one other adult present. The guidance also advises that all adults working with children should have a valid DBS check. The updated guidance has been welcomed by child protection groups, who have long called for greater safeguards around interactions between children and adults dressed as Santa. A spokesperson for the NSPCC said, “It is vital that parents remain alert to the potential risks associated with leaving their children alone with someone dressed as Santa. While the overwhelming majority of Santa actors are trustworthy, there are some individuals who use the guise of Santa as a means to gain access to children.” The Department of Health and Social Care has stressed that the guidance is intended to provide practical advice to parents and schools during the festive season. The government has also announced plans to roll out a nationwide campaign to raise awareness of the importance of safeguarding children during the Christmas period. As the festive season approaches, it is important that all of us remain vigilant and safeguard children from potential risks. Parents are reminded that Santa is not immune to the need for supervision and caution, even while spreading Christmas cheer.