article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 15:37 EST, 16 November 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 15:37 EST, 16 November 2013 . Wine connoisseurs might need a glass or two to get over this one. Wine makers thinking outside the box are selling their whites and reds in aluminum cans. While grape aficionados are likely to struggle with the 'beerification of wine', producers say the accessible packaging will attract new consumers. Wine not? Oregon-based Union Wine Company is selling wine in an aluminum to save 40 per cent on its packaging costs . Ryan Harms founded Union Wine Company in 2005 . Oregon’s Union Wine Company has put Pinot Noir and a Pinot Gris in an eight-ounce can, just like Pabst, Budweiser, or Miller Light. Owner Ryan Harms told Fast Company the decision will save the company about 40 percent on its packaging costs compared to bottles. But he said the main reason for the innovation was to rebrand the wine drinking experience. 'We wanted to come up with a product that embodied our company’s philosophy of making great craft wine minus all the fuss,' he said. 'There is a ‘winification' of beer trend going on and Union Wine Co. is at the forefront of a new trend, the ‘beerification’ of wine'. 'We want to be a part of those everyday . celebrations. That is a big part of our idea of ‘bringing . Oregon to your table,’ thus these wines are more about immediacy, and . the can is certainly an extension of that thinking.' The cans will be released next year for about $5 each. Classy: Australians Steve Barics and Greg Stokes invented Barokes Canned Wine after 'a narrowly-avoided shattered-glass-meets-jacuzzi episode' While the concept is relatively in the U.S., Australian producers Steve Barics and Greg Stokes  began selling their wine in cans three years ago. 'After a narrowly-avoided . shattered-glass-meets-jacuzzi episode', the men decided ready-to-drink recyclable cabs was the way of the future. The Barokes cans, featuring a patented design with a ceramic lining that prevents the wine from making contact with the aluminum, holds the equivalent of two wine glasses, according to L.A. Weekly. And last year, The Sparkling Collection, sold in cans under the Hardys, Banrock Station and Stone’s brands. 'We are passionate about innovation, and with the launch of these new cans from some of our most recognisable brands, we are spearheading the creation of a new category which will open wine up to new consumers, with new occasions,' Clare Griffiths, European marketing director for Accolade Wines, told The Drinks Business.
highlights: Wine producers are selling booze in cans to save on packaging costs and appeal to more consumers . Oregon-based Union Wine Company selling Pinot Noir and Pinot Gris in an eight-ounce can to make wine more accessible . Some wine connoisseurs say the flavor isn't affected .
id: 28f57bced27f9e3f7f557de89483d62c039e84ac
chatgpt: Wine producers are getting creative to attract more consumers and reduce packaging costs. Oregon-based Union Wine Company is one of many wineries turning to canned wine to do just that. With Pinot Noir and Pinot Gris in eight-ounce cans, they hope to give consumers a more accessible option. The trend of canned alcohol has been picking up among younger generations due to the convenience and affordability. Buying a six-pack of canned wine is cheaper than buying a bottle of the same quality wine, and it's easier to take on the go. Canned wine is also less intimidating for those who aren't familiar with wine and don't want to commit to a full bottle. While some wine connoisseurs may scoff at the idea of canned wine, Union Wine Company says that their wine maintains its flavor despite being in a can. "We put the same wine in the can that we do in the bottle," said Union Wine Co-founder Ryan Harms. "Wine doesn't really care what vessel it's in, so as long as you don't introduce too much oxygen, the wine will taste the same." Union Wine Company is not alone in this shift to canned wine. In fact, it's becoming a trend with other wineries and breweries following suit. In California, Sans Wine Company has released canned rosé with the hashtag #RoséForRebelles. The California-based wine company says that their canned rosé is made with the same grapes and has the same flavor profile as their bottled rosé. Some wine experts have raised concerns about the environmental impact of producing cans compared to glass bottles. However, canned wine has a smaller carbon footprint when the entire lifecycle is considered. It requires less energy to produce and ship, and cans are more likely to be recycled than glass bottles. Canned wine is a new trend in the wine industry, but it's not going away anytime soon. With its convenience, affordability and eco-friendliness, it's appealing to a new generation of wine-drinkers who are looking for something different. As for the taste, it seems the verdict is clear: canned wine can be just as good as bottled wine. So go ahead, crack open a cold one, and enjoy a refreshing glass of wine from a can.