article: Lisa Egersdorf is accused of taking her son on a drive-by shooting so he could attack a rival gang . A mother has been accused of driving her son to a convenience store so he could shoot at rival gang members he had been fighting with at school. Prosecutors said Lisa Egersdorf, 36, picked up her 17-year-old son from his school in Salt Lake City, Utah, and was behind the wheel when he fired several shots at the group. Egersdorf asked, 'Did you get them?' after he fired six rounds at the group on September 22, charging documents showed. One of the shots hit a woman's car outside the 7-Eleven store, in the Millcreek area of the city, but no one was injured. Her son Damian Garcia and his friends got into Egersdorf's Toyota Corolla in the school parking lot after the fight. Police said that Garcia yelled: 'Mom, they just jumped me.' She replied: It's all right, we're going to get them.' Egersdorf later told investigators that she and her son are part of the same gang, police said. She accepted that she drove Garcia to the 7-Eleven but denied that the shots came from her car. The charges read: 'The next day [the woman] called police at their request and arranged for and [her son] to meet with them. '[She] claimed that there was another vehicle that she saw fire upon three gang members. When confronted about what witnesses had stated, [she] said, "What am I supposed to do?"' Egersdorf was charged with 10 felonies and three counts of reckless endangerment. Garcia, who can be named as he is being prosecuted as an adult, was also charged with 10 felonies, including aggravated assault and six counts of firing a gun. Neither were available for comment. Egersdorf drove her Toyota Corolla to this 7-Eleven in Salt Lake City, Utah, where six shots were fired but no one was injured .
highlights: Lisa Egersdorf is accused of taking her son out on a drive-by shooting . Michael Garcia, 17, had been fighting with rival gang members at school . Charges say Egersdorf asked Garcia if he 'got them' after her fired 6 shots . The mother and son, who are part of the same gang, were both arrested .
id: cd903565ae30cdd8ad857e272f3517a920888a07
chatgpt: A mother and son pair from a gang were arrested last night after allegedly carrying out a drive-by shooting. Lisa Egersdorf, 36, and her son, Michael Garcia, 17, were accused of taking part in the violent act. According to the charges, Garcia had been fighting with rival gang members at school. Egersdorf is accused of taking her son out on the drive-by shooting soon after the incident. The shooting reportedly happened at a busy intersection in the early hours of the morning. Garcia allegedly fired six shots and Egersdorf asked him if he “got them” after the shooting. The police were notified of the shooting and were immediately dispatched to the scene. Following witness statements, Garcia and Egersdorf were arrested and taken into custody. The police have confirmed that both suspects are members of the same gang. They are set to appear in court in the coming days where they will face charges of attempted murder and unlawful possession of a firearm. The incident has shocked local residents, who have expressed deep concern about the level of gang activity in the area. This latest incident follows a spate of gang-related shootings in the past few months. Commenting on the arrests, police chief Daniel Reeder stated: “These sorts of actions are completely unacceptable and will not be tolerated in our community. We will be working tirelessly to bring those responsible to justice.” The shooting has also sparked a wider debate about the need for stronger gun control laws in the country. Many residents have called for stricter regulations to be put in place to prevent similar incidents from happening again in the future. Law enforcement agencies have reminded people to report any suspicious activity to the authorities and not to take matters into their own hands. They also urged people to cooperate with the police in their investigations.