article: Real Madrid should have Croatia midfielder Luka Modric back from injury in a month's time, manager Carlo Ancelotti said on Sunday. Modric damaged a thigh muscle in a Euro 2016 qualifier against Italy in November and his place in the Real starting lineup has been filled by Spain playmaker Isco. While Isco has performed admirably and is a favourite with the Real fans, Modric's return will be a welcome boost and his reliable presence adds an extra level of control. Real Madrid should have Croatia midfielder Luka Modric back from injury in a month's time . Gareth Bale and Modric, who played together at Tottenham, during training together in Madrid . Real play their Champions League last 16 first leg against Schalke on February 18, and host the Bundesliga side for the return on March 10. 'Modric needs more or less a month,' Ancelotti told a news conference after the leaders' 3-0 La Liga win at Getafe on Sunday. Real's easy victory at the Alfonso Perez Coliseum - thanks to a Cristiano Ronaldo double either side of a Gareth Bale strike - put them four points clear of second-placed Barcelona, who play at Deportivo La Coruna later on Sunday. Real, who have a game in hand, have 45 points from 18 matches, with Barca on 41. Modric hasn't played since picking up a thigh injury while playing against Italy back in November . Modric walks off the pitch accompanied by the physio during the Euro 2016 qualifier . Ancelotti's side set a Spanish record for consecutive wins in all competitions of 22 at the end of last year but they have stumbled at the start of 2015 and were knocked out of the King's Cup by Atletico Madrid on Thursday. They also lost 2-1 at Valencia in La Liga, prompting suggestions they may have peaked too early. 'In part, I think that the intensity with which we finished the year was better,' Ancelotti said. 'Little by little the team is coming back,' added the Italian, who led Real to a record-extending 10th European crown in his first season in charge in 2013-14. 'We need to improve our pressuring when we don't have the ball because in the first half we didn't do it. The rhythm was too slow.' Cristiano Ronaldo celebrates with Karim Benzema, who worked hard to set up the opener against Getafe . Bale and C Ronaldo celebrate after the Welsh winger's goal against Getafe on Sunday afternoon . Ronaldo heads in Real Madrid's third goal after timing his run to connect with James Rodriguez's cross .
highlights: Luka Modric has been out with a thigh injury since November . Carlo Ancelotti says the Real Madrid man will be back in a month . So he could be back for their Champions League clash with Schalke .
id: ff44a3148087e3b9eefc5cdc8e4750ee653fff7a
chatgpt: Real Madrid fans can rejoice as their star midfielder Luka Modric might be returning to the field sooner rather than later. The Croatian has been out of action with a thigh injury since November last year, but according to coach Carlo Ancelotti, he is expected to be back on the field in a month's time. With the Champions League just around the corner, many fans had been worried that Modric's prolonged absence would have a detrimental effect on the team's performance. But with the news that he is set to return, fans can look forward to seeing their favorite player back in action. Modric has been an instrumental part of the Real Madrid squad since his arrival in 2012. He is known for his passing ability and his precise movement on the field. The Croatian has also been a prolific goal scorer, finding the back of the net on several occasions during his time at Madrid. Carlo Ancelotti has been waiting eagerly for Modric's return, as he knows how important the midfielder is to his team. "He is a very important player for us, and we have missed him on the field," the coach said in a recent press conference. "But the good news is that he is recovering well, and we expect him to be back in a month's time." Modric's potential return couldn't come at a better time for Real Madrid, as they gear up to face Schalke in the Champions League round of 16. The two teams have a history of facing each other, with Real Madrid coming out on top in the last encounter. Schalke will be hoping to turn the tables this time around, but with Modric potentially back in the mix, Real Madrid's chances of victory are much higher. The midfielder's ability to control the ball and create opportunities for his team could prove to be invaluable in the upcoming match. For Modric, his return to the field couldn't come soon enough. The Croatian has been working hard on his rehab, and it's clear he is eager to get back into the action. "I can't wait to get back on the field and help my team," he said in a recent interview. "I miss playing, and I'm looking forward to contributing to our success." Real Madrid fans will be eagerly watching Modric's progress over the next month, hoping that he can make a full recovery and get back to his best form. With the Champions League and La Liga titles still up for grabs, the midfielder's return could be the boost that Real Madrid needs to bring home some silverware.