article: Argentina seemed completely unfazed by the prospect of facing Bosnia, Iran and Nigeria in their World Cup group as they laughed and joked around in training on Friday. Lionel Messi and his teammates were in very high spirits as they were put through their paces by coach Alejandro Sabella at their camp near Belo Horizonte. The Barcelona superstar looked relaxed despite the huge weight of expectation on his shoulders out in Brazil, showing off his ball juggling skills and laughing heartily as Javier Mascherano fell flat on his back during a passing drill. Heads you win: Lionel Messi juggles the ball as Argentina train ahead of their opening World Cup fixture against Bosnia on Sunday night . Focus: Messi keeps the passing drill alive as Argentina are put through their paces ahead of their opening game . Hilarious: Messi (centre) and teammates Lucas Biglia (left), Ezequiel Lavezzi (second left) and Fernando Gago (right) laugh as Javier Mascherano hits the deck . Larks: Mascherano slipped over while chasing the ball in a possession drill . His teammates Lucas Biglia, Sergio Aguero and Fernando Gago also saw the funny side as the Barcelona midfielder ended up on the ground while chasing the ball. The training session was rather less eventful than Thursday's, when Brazil fans gathered at the Belo Horizonte Independencia stadium to jeer them and a Ronaldinho impersonator invaded the pitch. Argentina, chasing their third World Cup title, boast arguably the strongest forward line in the tournament, with Messi, Aguero, Ezequiel Lavezzi and Gonzalo Higuain scoring over a century of goals between them during the club season. Chosen one: Messi is singled out by coach Alejandro Sabella as the team gather in the centre of the training pitch . Stretch: Coach Alejandro Sabella watches Lionel Messi warm up during the training in Vespasiano near Belo Horizonte . Symmetry: Angel Di Maria (left) and Maxi Rodriguez go through their pre-session warm ups . Happy days: Fernando Gago (left), Maxi Rodriguez and Javier Mascherano share a joke during a pause in play . Sabella is likely to play either Lavezzi or Higuain in a three-man attack with Messi and Aguero when they take on Bosnia in the Maracana on Sunday night. Meanwhile, Colombia coach Jose Pekerman has tipped Messi to make a return visit to the Maracana on July 13 and lift the World Cup trophy. Sliding in: Lavezzi goes for the ball with Pablo Zabaleta as Gago watches on . alive and kicking: Sabella oversees the warm-ups as his team prepare to face Bosnia . Blocked: Sergio Romero stops a shot during shooting practice as Mariano Andujar watches on . Pekerman, who handed Messi his debut when he was Argentina coach in 2005, said: 'I couldn't believe what I was seeing when I brought Messi into the Argentina national team. 'I never doubted he was the rising star, I always dreamed he was going to be what he has become. Those first steps are unforgettable. Without doubt, he and the team can give Argentina another World Cup.'
highlights: Argentina preparing to face Bosnia in opening match on Sunday evening . Lionel Messi, Sergio Aguero and Co laugh as Javier Mascherano falls over in training . Coach Alejandro Sabella has plenty of attacking options at his disposal . Iran and Nigeria make up Argentina's World Cup group .
id: 59b04d4dcffdfe190488d343d1fde1be077b2bb0
chatgpt: Argentina is all set to face Bosnia in their opening match of the World Cup campaign on Sunday evening. The team had a relaxed day of training on Thursday, with coach Alejandro Sabella opting for an easy session ahead of their crucial fixture against Bosnia. Lionel Messi, Sergio Aguero, and the rest of the squad were seen laughing and joking around during training, with even the usually serious Javier Mascherano falling over at one point, much to the delight of his teammates. Despite the relaxed atmosphere in training, Argentina knows that they have a tough task ahead of them in the World Cup. Their group consists of Nigeria and Iran, two teams that will be no pushovers. Coach Sabella will need all of his players to be at their best if they hope to make it out of the group stages. One of Sabella's biggest assets is his attacking options. With the likes of Messi, Aguero, and Gonzalo Higuain leading the line, Argentina has one of the most feared attacks in the tournament. However, Sabella will need to find the right balance between attack and defense if they hope to go far. Argentina's opponents in their opening match, Bosnia, will be no pushovers. The team has some quality players, including Juventus midfielder Miralem Pjanic and Roma striker Edin Dzeko. However, they will need to be at their absolute best if they hope to stop the likes of Messi and Aguero. Many fans and experts have tipped Argentina as one of the favorites to win the tournament. However, Sabella and his team are taking nothing for granted. They know that they will need to be at their best in every match if they hope to lift the World Cup trophy. The team has been preparing for months for this tournament, and they will be hoping that all of their hard work pays off. With the likes of Messi and Aguero in their squad, Argentina has the firepower to beat any team in the world. However, they will need to be defensively solid as well, especially against the more physical teams like Nigeria and Bosnia. All eyes will be on Argentina on Sunday evening as they kick off their World Cup campaign. Fans all around the world will be hoping to see the likes of Messi and Aguero perform at their best. If they can do that, then Argentina will be a team to fear in this tournament.