article: (CNN) -- Production of musician Gregg Allman's biopic "Midnight Rider" has been halted following the death of a 27-year-old camera assistant who was struck and killed by a freight train near Savannah, Georgia, according to Savannah's film office. Last week's death of Sarah Elizabeth Jones rocked the local film community, with many asking who was to blame. A group of friends set up a Facebook page in tribute to Jones with a simple call to action: "Sarah Elizabeth Jones, friend and family to so many, made every day awesome. Show your slate love here along with all the good stories of her life." "The production of 'Midnight Rider' has been halted in Savannah," film office spokesperson William Hammargren told CNN Friday. "The production company withdrew all their existing permit requests and indicated they would not be requesting more at this time." A preliminary report on the February 20 accident -- which also injured six crew members -- from the National Transportation Safety Board said the CSX Transportation train, with two locomotives and 37 cars, was traveling about 58 mph. The maximum authorized train speed at the railroad trestle where the accident occurred was 70 mph. Jones and others were filming on train tracks at the time of the accident, according to a police report from the Wayne County Sheriff's Office. Film crew members from various countries have been sharing photo tributes, holding clapboards with messages of remembrance for Jones. There hundreds of images shared on the Facebook group Slates for Sarah, which was created on Monday. As of Friday, more than 50,000 people had liked the page. Friends and co-workers are asking the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences to add Jones' name to the In Memoriam list displayed during the Oscars this weekend. So far, there has been no comment from the Academy. Jones' primary job on set was to operate the slate at the beginning of each take. Jones, an Atlanta resident and member of the International Cinematographers Guild, used her "spunk and determination" to climb up in the industry, according to her obituary. Gregg Allman, the focus of the movie Jones was working on, shared his condolences. "I am so terribly saddened by the news of the tragedy that took the young life of Sarah Elizabeth Jones on the film set," he wrote on his website Saturday. "My thoughts and prayers go out to her family, friends and colleagues during this time of mourning." Actors who worked on set with her, notably stars from "The Vampire Diaries," as well as crew members from TV shows "Glee," "Scandal" and "Downton Abbey," are among the hundreds who have shared messages of "RIP Sarah Jones." CNN's Christina Zdanowicz contributed to this report.
highlights: Sarah Elizabeth Jones, 27, was hit and killed by a train on set . Her death rocked local film community, with many asking who was to blame . Preliminary NTSB report says train was traveling about 58 mph .
id: 2951be97fb45d68bd8f460b8b2b562d3293fc3f6
chatgpt: In a tragic incident that sent shockwaves across the local film community, Sarah Elizabeth Jones, a 27-year-old camera assistant, was hit and killed by a train on the set of the Gregg Allman biopic, "Midnight Rider" on February 20th. Since then, many have been asking who was to blame for this senseless loss of life.  Jones was a talented member of the film crew who had worked on numerous independent films and television shows in the past few years. She was in charge of the second camera unit on "Midnight Rider" - a film that chronicled the life of Gregg Allman, founder of the Allman Brothers Band. However, on the day of the accident, Sarah and her colleagues found themselves in an alarming situation on the railroad tracks outside Jesup, Georgia.  According to a preliminary report from the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB), the train that struck Jones was moving at a speed of approximately 58 mph at the time of the accident. The report suggests that the film crew did not have permission to shoot on those particular tracks and had not even conducted a safety assessment beforehand. As a result, the train, which was carrying crew members, came upon the film crew unexpectedly, leaving them with little time to escape.  The incident has raised several questions about safety standards on film sets, particularly when it comes to location shooting. Many have argued that the production team of "Midnight Rider" should have done more to ensure the safety of the cast and crew. Some have even noted that previous films have had accidents on set, including the death of Brandon Lee on the set of "The Crow" in 1993.  Others, however, have pointed to the responsibility of the railway company, CSX Transportation, in the incident. Members of the cast and crew have stated that the production team had been given permission to shoot on other CSX tracks in the area, but it is unclear whether proper permits were obtained for the tracks where the accident took place. Moreover, CSX has noted that it had no knowledge of anyone filming on the tracks that day.  As the investigation into Sarah Jones' death continues, many members of the entertainment industry have come together to mourn the loss of a young and talented individual. The production team of "Midnight Rider" has agreed to halt production for the time being, and it remains to be seen what further steps will be taken to address safety concerns on film sets in the future.  In the wake of this tragedy, it is clear that more must be done to ensure the safety of everyone involved in film and TV production. Whether it is the responsibility of the production team, the railway company or regulatory authorities, it is essential that all parties work together to make sure that incidents such as this one are never allowed to happen again.