article: New York (CNN) -- A fast-food worker whose run-in with two unruly customers was captured on cell phone video last month will not be indicted on assault charges, prosecutors said Saturday. A grand jury voted against indicting Rayon McIntosh, who was seen allegedly swinging a metal object against two patrons at a McDonald's restaurant in Manhattan's Greenwich Village. He had been charged with felony assault, according to Joan Vollero, spokeswoman for the Manhattan district attorney's office. The grand jury reviewed evidence and testimony over 11 days, said Vollero. The incident occurred at the restaurant on West 3rd Street in the early morning of October 12, and seemed to begin when the cashier questioned a $50 bill the women gave him, according to the video. The two women responded by hurling obscenities at McIntosh. One of them then appeared to reach over the counter and slap his face, the video showed. From there, one woman was seen climbing over the counter, sending the cashier running toward the kitchen area. The other woman is then seen walking around to join her friend. The cashier reappears with what police described as a metal object and repeatedly takes swings at the women. Restaurant patrons can be heard screaming for him to stop, while other employees are seen trying to intervene. The video, one minute and 10 seconds long, shows the cashier taking swings at the women as many as 10 times as they lie behind the counter. "Stop! Stop!" one woman screams. "Stop it! Call the cops!" The two women suffered lacerations to their head and face and were taken to a hospital, police said. One of the women suffered a fractured skull and a broken arm, according to a complaint filed by the DA's office. Authorities identified the women as Denise Darbeau and Rachael Edwards, who authorities say each face pending charges of menacing, criminal trespassing and disorderly conduct. "This was clearly a legally and morally unjustified attack on my clients," said Harold Baker, an attorney for the women in denouncing the grand jury decision. "Inappropriate behavior in the United States of America is not supposed to be met with deadly force." Calls to McIntosh's attorney were not returned. CNN's Chris Boyette contributed to this report.
highlights: Rayon McIntosh will not be indicted, prosecutors say Saturday . His run-in with two unruly customers was captured on cell phone video . Denise Darbeau and Rachael Edwards face pending charges .
id: 267cd90f554f47b1d25b7145d1236adade884d2b
chatgpt: After months of investigation, prosecutors have announced that Rayon McIntosh, the former McDonald's employee who was caught on video beating two unruly customers, will not be indicted. The incident, which took place last year, gained national attention after the footage went viral on social media platforms. McIntosh, who was working at a McDonald's in Manhattan, New York, was confronted by two female customers, Denise Darbeau and Rachael Edwards, who refused to wear their face masks and became verbally abusive towards him. The situation quickly escalated, and McIntosh responded by punching and beating the women with a metal baton. The video footage of the incident sparked outrage among viewers, with many calling for McIntosh's arrest and prosecution. However, after months of investigation, the district attorney's office has decided not to bring charges against McIntosh, stating that he acted in self-defense. "Based on the evidence provided and our review of the case, we have determined that Mr. McIntosh acted in self-defense and will not be indicted," said a spokesperson from the district attorney's office. While McIntosh may have avoided charges, the same cannot be said for the two unruly customers. Darbeau and Edwards are currently facing pending charges, including disorderly conduct and criminal trespassing. The incident at the McDonald's sparked a wider conversation about the treatment of essential workers, many of whom face verbal and physical abuse from customers who refuse to comply with health and safety guidelines. McIntosh, who lost his job after the incident, has since spoken out about the toll it took on his mental health. In an interview with CNN, he described feeling "depressed and anxious" in the aftermath of the incident. "I just want to say to anyone who's going through something similar, that you're not alone," said McIntosh. "You have to keep fighting and keep pushing through, no matter how hard it feels." While the decision not to indict McIntosh may be controversial, it serves as a reminder of the importance of self-defense in dangerous situations. As the country continues to grapple with the effects of the pandemic, incidents like these highlight the need for increased protection for essential workers and a greater emphasis on public safety.