article: Two drug dealers were convicted of masterminding a £6million money laundering and drug ring after police found a number saved in their driver's phone for 'Mr Boss Man'. Rodney Stacey, 37, and Patrick Goodman, 64, were said to be the brains behind an extensive trans-European drugs network smuggling cocaine and amphetamines into the UK from the continent. Police were first alerted in February 2011 when a lorry entering the UK at the Port of Dover, Kent, was stopped and searched by UK Borders Agency officers. Rodney Stacey (left) and Patrick Goodman (right) were the brains behind a massive operation to smuggle drugs into Britain from Europe . Officers found a holdall with a GPS tracking device containing 16 kilos of cocaine concealed behind the cab of the vehicle - with an estimated street value of £2.3million. The driver was then arrested and interviewed and denied all knowledge of the drugs. But when police checked his mobile phone they discovered a number for 'Mr Boss Man' which led them straight to Stacey, from Folkestone, Kent. A month later another drug-runner was stopped by French authorities attempting to smuggle around 80 kilos of amphetamine between France and Belgium. A holdall stuffed with £1.5 million of cocaine was found in a BMW and the drug barons' schemes were discovered by police . Here is the holdall containing £1.5m on cocaine on a grassy bank, which led police to the drug duo . This is the stash of money found on Stacey . Canterbury Crown Court heard on . yesterday that Goodman, from Paddock Wood, Kent was also spotted over . several months meeting Stacey when cash or drugs were exchanged. On . December 12 2011, one member of the group was arrested after officers . found £152,000 worth of ecstasy tablets disguised as coffee in a van . following a meeting with Goodman. Stacey was arrested after trying to flee from cops but was arrested when drugs were found in his BMW. A further stash was later found stored in a freezer at his home. Goodman was arrested on July 24 at his home and later charged with offences of conspiracy to supply controlled drugs and money laundering. Stacey was charged with conspiracy to supply controlled drugs and money laundering. Speaking after Goodman and Stacey's conviction, DC David Friend from the Kent and Essex Serious Organised Crime Unit said: 'Stacey and Goodman were the masterminds behind this extensive drugs and money laundering operation. 'Both of them worked hard at organising how they would smuggle their drugs into the country and how they would be distributed across Kent. 'These convictions have put two major players in the illegal drugs industry out of the game and serve as a warning to others that crime does not pay.' Both were found guilty at Canterbury Crown Court and will be sentenced later this week.
highlights: Rodney Stacey, 37, and Patrick Goodman, 64, masterminded drugs network . Organised drugs to be brought into the UK from Europe . Police found Stacey's number under 'Mr Boss Man' in their driver's phone . Both found guilty at Canterbury Crown Court, Kent .
id: 365a614f2c6137278edb9e7313892e2bd69fa961
chatgpt: In a recent trial at Canterbury Crown Court in Kent, two men were found guilty of masterminding a drugs network that imported drugs into the UK from Europe. Rodney Stacey, 37, and Patrick Goodman, 64, were both sentenced to lengthy prison terms for their involvement in the illegal operation. The investigation into the drug network started after police found Stacey's number under the contact name 'Mr Boss Man' in the phone of one of their drivers. This led police to discover the extent of the operation, as they uncovered evidence of the smuggling and distribution of a range of illegal drugs. Prosecutors argued that Stacey and Goodman were the ringleaders of the network, overseeing the importation of the drugs and the distribution of them to customers across the UK. The pair were accused of using multiple smuggling routes and tactics to bring large quantities of drugs into the country, including hiding them in vehicles and concealing them in packages. The trial heard that Stacey and Goodman were known by their associates as 'The Fat Man' and 'The Old Man' respectively, and were trusted figures in the drug trade. However, their success was ultimately their downfall, as their activities caught the attention of the police and led to their eventual arrest and conviction. During the trial, the court heard evidence of the significant quantities of drugs that were involved in the operation. These included cocaine, heroin, and cannabis, with the total value of the drugs seized estimated to be in excess of £2 million. Stacey and Goodman were both found guilty of conspiracy to supply controlled drugs, among other charges, and were given lengthy prison sentences as a result. The judge presiding over the case praised the work of the police in uncovering the network and bringing the perpetrators to justice. Speaking after the trial, a spokesperson for the police said: "This was a complex operation that required significant resources and dedication to uncover. We are pleased to have been able to stop these criminals from harming our communities and disrupting the lives of so many people." The case highlights the ongoing efforts of law enforcement agencies to tackle the distribution of drugs in the UK. With the rise of organised criminal networks and the increasing availability of drugs, it is crucial that police and other agencies work together to prevent the harm caused by illegal substances. This case also demonstrates the importance of robust criminal justice systems to hold those responsible for drug trafficking to account. The severity of the sentences given to Stacey and Goodman sends a strong message to others involved in similar activities, that their illegal activities will not be tolerated and that they will be held accountable for their actions. Overall, the successful prosecution of Stacey and Goodman marks a significant victory in the fight against drug smuggling in the UK, and serves as a warning to those who seek to profit from the distribution of illegal substances.