article: Two women accusing Bill Cosby of sexual offenses decades ago have joined a defamation lawsuit, contending he publicly branded them as liars through statements by his representatives. The amended complaint was filed Monday in U.S. District Court in Springfield, in western Massachusetts, where Cosby has a home in Shelburne Falls. Cosby is the only defendant in the lawsuit, originally filed last month by Tamara Green, who said he drugged and assaulted her in the 1970s. Scroll down for video . Two women accusing Bill Cosby of sexual offenses decades ago have joined a defamation lawsuit, contending he publicly branded them as liars through statements by his representatives . The two new plaintiffs are Therese Serignese, who said he drugged and raped her in 1976, and Linda Traitz, who alleges he tried to drug her and then sexually groped her in 1970. Attorney Joseph Cammarata, who represents the three women, said the civil action allows them to have their allegations heard since criminal statutes of limitation have expired. "The lawsuit provides an opportunity for women who claim to have been harmed to have their day in court in a forum where the truth can be tried," he said. Cosby's publicist David Brokaw and lawyer Martin Singer did not immediately respond to requests for comment Monday. Singer has said he expected to prevail in the original lawsuit. Nurse Therese Serignese, 57,  said the television icon raped her in 1976 when she was 19 years old following a show in Las Vegas . Green first spoke publicly about her allegations in 2005. She said in the lawsuit that after she did media interviews Brokaw and Cosby's lawyer Walter M. Phillips Jr. made statements intended to expose her to public contempt and ridicule. Phillips said last month he represented Cosby in 2005 but no longer does, and he declined to comment further. Brokaw did not return messages then seeking comment on Green's allegations. Serignese and Traitz, who are from Florida, allege in the amended complaint that when they came forward separately last November, Singer issued responses for Cosby that said they and other accusers were lying. Linda Traitz, who alleges he tried to drug her and then sexually groped her in 1970 . Since November, at least 15 women have come forward with claims Cosby sexually assaulted them decades ago. Most of the women say he drugged them before he assaulted them. Cosby, who starred as Dr. Cliff Huxtable on "The Cosby Show" from 1984 to 1992, has never been charged in connection with any of the allegations, and through his representatives he has denied them. A 2005 lawsuit by a Pennsylvania woman was settled before it went to trial. Cosby's career unraveled after his accusers came forward, with a TV project halted and nearly a dozen standup comedy tour performances canceled or indefinitely postponed. He's scheduled to appear Wednesday in Canada, at a Kitchener, Ontario, theater, his first concert since a Nov. 21 show in Melbourne, Florida.
highlights: Cosby is the only defendant in the lawsuit, originally filed last month by Tamara Green, who said he drugged and assaulted her in the 1970s . The two new plaintiffs are Therese Serignese, who said he drugged and raped her in 1976, and Linda Traitz, who alleges he tried to drug her and then sexually groped her in 1970 . Civil action allows them to have their allegations heard since criminal statutes of limitation have expired .
id: ffd47ec2e937623fa957eb116c84a6f7aa6ef6a0
chatgpt: Iconic comedian Bill Cosby is facing yet another legal battle, as two new plaintiffs have joined a lawsuit against him. The original lawsuit was filed by Tamara Green last month, accusing Cosby of drugging and assaulting her in the 1970s. Now, Therese Serignese and Linda Traitz have also stepped forward with allegations of sexual misconduct by Cosby. Serignese claims that she was drugged and raped by Cosby back in 1976. According to her account, she met Cosby after a performance in Las Vegas, where he gave her pills that made her feel dizzy and lightheaded. She claims that Cosby then took her back to his hotel room and assaulted her. "It was like I was floating," she said in a statement. "I felt like I was in a fog." Traitz's allegations are slightly different. She claims that Cosby tried to drug her and then groped her in 1970. According to her account, she met Cosby while working as a waitress in a restaurant he owned in California. He invited her to a party where he offered her two drinks, one of which she suspects was laced with something. Traitz claims that she blacked out and woke up to find Cosby trying to remove her clothes. All three women are now part of a civil action against Cosby. Although the criminal statutes of limitation have expired, the civil action allows them to have their allegations heard in court. They are seeking damages for emotional distress, loss of enjoyment of life, and other damages. Cosby has been accused of sexual misconduct by dozens of women over the past few years. Many of these allegations date back to the 1970s and 1980s, when Cosby was at the height of his career. However, until recently, most of these accusations had gone unreported or were settled out of court. Cosby has consistently denied all allegations of sexual misconduct, and his attorneys have called the new allegations "meritless and unsupported." In a statement, Cosby's legal team said that they "fully expect that Mr. Cosby will be vindicated in a court of law." Despite the numerous accusations against him, Cosby has not faced any criminal charges. However, the numerous allegations have taken a toll on his reputation and career. Cosby, once a beloved figure in American entertainment, has become a pariah in the wake of these allegations. The case against Cosby is just the latest in a series of high profile sexual misconduct allegations against powerful men. From Harvey Weinstein to Kevin Spacey to Louis C.K., these allegations have rocked Hollywood and sparked a broader conversation about sexual harassment and assault in the workplace. As the legal battle continues, it remains to be seen what the outcome will be for Cosby and his accusers. For now, the three women are pressing forward with their civil case, determined to have their voices heard and their allegations taken seriously.