article: (CNN) -- According to a new report from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, prescription drug overdose deaths in Florida are up a staggering 265% since 2003. But it's not just the deaths that have Florida officials worried; it's the births. "We saw the number of crack babies that died, and this is just another version of that," Broward County Sheriff Al Lamberti said. "We all need to be concerned." According to state health records, nearly 1,400 Florida babies were born suffering from drug withdrawal syndrome in 2010, a fourfold increase since 2003. The state does not track the specific drug the babies are hooked on, but south Florida doctors and neonatal nurses believe the increase is due to a sharp increase in pregnant women addicted to prescription drugs. "They go through withdrawal symptoms," said Mary Osuch, the head nurse at Broward General Medical Center's neonatal intensive care unit. "They're crampy, miserable. They sweat. They can have rapid breathing. Sometimes, they can even have seizures." According to the White House Office on Drug Control Policy, prescription drug abuse is the nation's fastest-growing drug problem. Marsha Currant, who runs the Susan B. Anthony Recovery Center near Fort Lauderdale, says prescription drug addiction overtook crack in 2009 as the main problem afflicting the pregnant women who are treated there. "In the very beginning, it was really 100% crack cocaine," said Currant, who started keeping track of drug trends in 1995. "We see a lot more prescription drugs now." Currant says new mothers who are hooked on prescription drugs are often reluctant to seek help for fear the authorities will take their babies from them. "We wanted to have a place where women didn't have to chose between getting treatment and having their children go into foster care," she said. Compounding the problem, women who are addicted to prescription drugs and find themselves pregnant cannot safely go off the drugs without medical supervision. They need to be weaned off slowly, or the baby will go into withdrawal in the womb. At the Susan B. Anthony Center, one mother who became hooked on prescription drugs after her husband died says she felt her baby suffering while she was getting clean. "I know that I'm going through stuff getting off the pills. So what's she going through? She can't talk. She's just a baby," Jessica said. Thanks to the center, Jessica was weaned off oxycodone before her baby, Casey, was born. But she fears the long-term effects of her drug abuse on her daughter, who has been suffering from respiratory problems. "I want to make sure that she doesn't hurt anymore," Jessica said. "She doesn't deserve that, because she's a princess." Jessica graduated from the center's recovery program last week.
highlights: Hundreds of Florida babies have been born addicted to drugs . Infants "go through withdrawal symptoms," nurse says . Government says prescription drug abuse is nation's fastest-growing drug problem . Mothers are often reluctant to seek help .
id: 2bc209ecae950e254ac90464d2c39fab9d710f73
chatgpt: In Florida, there has been a disturbing trend in recent years - hundreds of babies have been born addicted to drugs. According to medical professionals, these innocent infants "go through withdrawal symptoms" as a result of their mothers' drug use during pregnancy. The situation has escalated to such a degree that the government now considers prescription drug abuse to be the nation's fastest-growing drug problem. Medical experts report that the number of babies born addicted to drugs in Florida has tripled over the past decade. In 2006, there were only 354 cases reported, but by 2015, that number had skyrocketed to over 1,300. The majority of these babies are born to mothers who abused prescription drugs. The situation is heartbreaking and even life-threatening for these tiny new arrivals - the newborns can be seriously ill, experiencing seizures, difficulty breathing, and uncontrollable shaking. They can also suffer from a litany of long-term developmental and behavioral problems. Nurses and doctors have described the heartbreaking scenes they witness every day in neonatal intensive care units across the state. One nurse stated, "It's so hard to see these little babies going through withdrawal. They're tiny and helpless and they depend on their mothers to make the right decisions for them. It's devastating." But despite the overwhelming evidence of the harm caused to their children, many mothers are reluctant to seek help for their addiction. Shame, stigma, and fear of legal repercussions prevent them from seeking the assistance they need. The state of Florida, recognizing the dire need for intervention, has implemented new laws that require healthcare providers to report all cases of newborns with a history of prenatal drug exposure to the Department of Children and Families. Under these laws, mothers who are identified as having an addiction problem are offered treatment services and other resources. There is hope that the new legislation - along with public awareness campaigns and education efforts - will lead more women to seek assistance. Additionally, Florida legislators are working to increase funding for programs aimed at preventing drug abuse and assisting those struggling with addiction. The situation of babies being born addicted to drugs in Florida is a crisis on many levels. It highlights important systemic problems, such as the lack of resources for addiction treatment and mental health care. It also shines a light on the need for public education and awareness around addiction and the stigma that often follows it. It's important to remember that there are real people - not just medical statistics - affected by this problem. These innocent babies are born into a world of struggle and pain, and they deserve our attention and action. With the right intervention and support, we can turn the tide of addiction and stop the suffering of future generations.