article: (CNN) -- Russian President Vladimir Putin should "man up" and offer clear explanations amid important questions about the crash of Malaysia Airlines Flight 17, Senate Intelligence Committee Chairman Dianne Feinstein said on Sunday. "I think the nexus between Russia and the separatists have been established very clearly. So the issue is, where is Putin?" Feinstein said in an interview on CNN's "State of the Union." "I would say: 'Putin, you have to man up. You should talk to the world. You should say if this was a mistake, which I hope it was, say it.' Even if it was a mistake, it's a horrendous mistake to make," Feinstein added. "And I think it points out the futility of what's happening in the Ukraine. Because there will be repercussions from this." The United States has said evidence suggests a Russian-made surface-to-air missile fired from the pro-Russia rebel territory took down the Malaysia Airlines Boeing 777 on Thursday. On board the plane were 298 people, with citizens from more than 10 nations. All of them were killed in the crash in eastern Ukraine. "It's pretty clear that this is a system that was transferred from Russia in the hands of separatists," Secretary of State John Kerry told CNN on Sunday. U.S. officials believe the missile systems may have been moved back across the border into Russia. Russia has denied any involvement, and Putin said Ukraine's military campaign against the rebels was to blame. He also has called for a "thorough and objective investigation" of the crash. Since the crash, the Ukrainian government and pro-Russian rebels have traded bitter accusations over who was responsible and what has been done since. Ukrainian officials have said that a Russian-made Buk M1 missile system, brought into eastern Ukraine from Russia, had shot down the airliner. But the local head of the rebels, Alexander Borodai, has rejected accusations that his forces shot down the plane, telling reporters that the rebels lacked the firepower to hit an aircraft that high. During the interview, CNN's Candy Crowley pointed out previous sanctions against and meetings with Russia all designed to get that country out of the Ukraine and to stop supplying weapons to the separatists. What makes anyone believe that Putin will "man up," Crowley asked Feinstein? "I think the world has to rise up and say we've had enough of this," the senator said. "I think Europe has to come together. I think Germany, in particular, has to lead. I think we have to continue with sanctions. It's difficult, because you need Russian help in so many things." Opinion: How MH17 disaster backs Russia's Putin into a corner . Jet downing a 'game-changer' in world relations with Russia . CNN's Phil Black, Jethro Mullen and Ralph Ellis contributed to this report.
highlights: Dianne Feinstein says Russian leader should offer clear explanation . She says there will be "repercussions" from shooting down of jetliner over eastern Ukraine . Ukrainian government, pro-Russian rebels trade accusations over who is responsible .
id: 41a87f0d5c66ea770b59ef36034e472478362d2e
chatgpt: California Senator Dianne Feinstein has called on Russian President Vladimir Putin to provide a clear explanation following the recent shooting down of a Malaysian Airlines jetliner over eastern Ukraine. Speaking to reporters on Thursday, Feinstein warned that there would be "repercussions" if Russia was found to be responsible for the attack. The Ukrainian government and pro-Russian separatists have both traded accusations over who is responsible for the attack. While Ukraine and many Western governments have blamed the separatists for the incident, Russia has denied any involvement. Feinstein, the chair of the Senate Intelligence Committee, said that the Russian government must offer a clear explanation and provide full cooperation with any investigation into the incident. She added that failure to do so would lead to further isolation and potential sanctions for Russia. "As the facts surrounding this tragedy continue to emerge, it is imperative that the Russian government provide a clear and transparent explanation for their involvement in this terrible incident," Feinstein said. "If they fail to do so, there will be repercussions." The shooting down of the Malaysian Airlines flight, which killed all 298 people on board, has sparked outrage around the world. Protests have been held in Ukraine and many other countries, with calls for justice and accountability for those responsible. Feinstein's comments came as the United Nations Security Council held an emergency meeting on the incident on Thursday. The council called for a "full, thorough and independent" investigation into the incident, and urged all parties to allow investigators access to the crash site. Both Ukraine and Russia have been accused of obstructing access to the site, which lies in territory controlled by the pro-Russian separatists. Ukrainian officials have accused the separatists of tampering with evidence at the site, while Russian officials have criticized Ukraine for failing to provide adequate security. Feinstein said that the international community must hold all parties accountable for their actions in the incident. She also called for increased support for Ukraine in its struggle against the separatists. "We cannot allow such a heinous crime to go unpunished," Feinstein said. "The international community must come together to hold those responsible accountable, and to provide the necessary support for Ukraine to defend itself against this aggression." The shooting down of the Malaysian Airlines jetliner is the latest development in the ongoing conflict between the Ukrainian government and pro-Russian separatists. The conflict began in early 2014, when pro-Russian forces seized control of Crimea, a region of Ukraine. The separatists have since declared independence in two eastern regions of Ukraine, and have been fighting with Ukrainian government forces for control of the territory. The violence has resulted in the deaths of over 5,400 people and has displaced over one million people. The shooting down of the Malaysian Airlines jetliner has raised concerns about the potential for the conflict to escalate even further. Feinstein's comments are likely to add to the growing pressure on Russia to cooperate with the investigation into the incident. The international community has called for a thorough and impartial investigation, and has vowed to hold those responsible for the attack accountable.