article: Grant Hackett reckons former swimming teammate Ian Thorpe retired early because of the emotional burden of keeping secret the fact he was gay. 'I believe this was the major factor that led Ian to wrap up his career in his mid-twenties,' Hackett wrote in a blog for an online bookmaker on Friday. 'The heights he scaled throughout his career were unprecedented, but there could have been a whole lot more to the CV of Ian Thorpe.' Scroll down for video . Grant Hackett (left) pictured with Ian Thorpe (right) after Hackett won silver and Thorpe won gold in the 400m Freestyle at 2004 Athens Olympics. Hackett believes Thorpe could have had much more success but retired early due to emotional struggle with concealing his sexuality . Grant Hackett has written in a blog that Ian Thorpe must have struggled with the 'emotional burden' of the secret of his sexuality. Australian champion swimmer Ian Thorpe (right) revealed he was gay in a television interview with Michael Parkinson (left) on Sunday night . Three-time Olympic gold medallist Hackett applauded Thorpe's courage to come out in a television interview with veteran British journalist Sir Michael Parkinson on Sunday, but claimed 'it wasn't a surprise to many'. 'It would've been unbearable to think of the emotional burden Ian has carried over the years,' he said. Ian Thorpe revealed that he is gay in an interview with Sir Michael Parkinson aired last Sunday night . 'I think the expectation of the public and media every time he competed, coupled with the lack of insight into dealing with his depression, and not feeling comfortable enough to open up about his sexuality, created too much of a high pressured environment.' Ian never said he disliked swimming - it was always the outside factors that contributed to his early retirement.' Hackett added that very few people could appreciate the internal struggle Australia's most successful Olympian faced in having to lie about his sexuality. 'At the end of day, this is not my business nor anybody else's, however the pressure that is placed upon high profile individuals and their sexual orientation seems outrageous,' he said. Grant Hackett (left) and Ian Thorpe (right) arriving at the Telstra Swimmer Of The Year Awards in 2004. Hackett has congratulated Thorpe on his 'unprecedented success' as a swimmer .
highlights: Hackett says Thorpe did NOT reach his full potential due to early retirement . He says it must have been 'unbearable' for Thorpe to hide his sexuality . Former teammate says Thorpe coming out 'wasn't a surprise to many' Also blames the 'outrageous' expectations from public and media . Thorpe first retired after 2004 Athens Olympics . Retired again after unsuccessful bid to qualify for 2012 London Olympics . Thorpe is Australia's most successful Olympian with 22 world records and five gold, three silver and one bronze medal .
id: b8535071bd9f12890393c7130fcd7eb4bef8e4bd
chatgpt: Australian swimmer Ian Thorpe is known as one of the most successful Olympians in history, but according to his former teammate Grant Hackett, Thorpe did not reach his full potential due to early retirement. Hackett believes that Thorpe's decision to step away from the sport may have had to do with the difficulty of hiding his sexuality. In an interview with The Australian, Hackett acknowledged the immense pressure that Thorpe was under from the media and the public. "I think there were outrageous expectations on what he could achieve," said Hackett. "And I think, unfortunately, that probably wore him down a bit too." Thorpe's retirement after the 2004 Athens Olympics came as a shock to many fans, as he was just 21 years old and at the height of his career. In 2006, he came out as gay in a television interview with respected journalist Michael Parkinson, but has since admitted that he struggled with his sexuality for years, leading him to contemplate suicide. Hackett believes that the decision to come out was a difficult one for Thorpe, especially given the intense scrutiny he faced as a public figure. "I can tell you that from personal experience, it's not an easy thing to do," said Hackett. "Especially when you've got a profile that's as high as [Thorpe's]." Despite his struggles, Thorpe remains Australia's most successful Olympian, with 22 world records and five gold, three silver, and one bronze medal. However, he retired again after an unsuccessful bid to qualify for the 2012 London Olympics. Although Thorpe's retirement may have limited his achievements in the pool, Hackett believes that his friend's legacy extends far beyond his medals. "I don't think he reached his full potential, but I don't think it does his legacy any harm because he was such an incredible athlete," said Hackett. "And the fact that he's now living his life and living it the way he wants to is incredible." Indeed, since retiring from swimming, Thorpe has become a prominent advocate for mental health awareness, and has spoken out about his own struggles with depression and anxiety. He has also continued to inspire a new generation of Australian swimmers, who have cited him as a major influence in their careers. As Hackett said, "Ian Thorpe is a role model, not just for Australian swimmers, but for athletes all around the world." And while he may have retired early, Thorpe's impact on the sport and on the lives of those around him is undeniable.