article: New York (CNN) -- For the second time in a month, a man has been shoved to his death in front of a train on a New York City subway platform, police said. The New York Police Department on Friday identified the victim as Sunando Sen, 46, of Queens. Police are searching for a woman seen running from an elevated station for the No. 7 train in Queens on Thursday evening, Deputy Commissioner Paul Browne said in a statement. According to witnesses, the woman was pacing the platform and talking to herself shortly before pushing the man onto the tracks as the 11-car train entered the station. The man's body was pinned under the second car after it came to a stop. Police describe her as a heavyset woman in her 20s, wearing a ski jacket and sneakers. Security video shows her running from the scene shortly after 8 p.m. Thursday. Sen's roommate, Ar Suman, 33, told CNN on Friday that after living together for over a year they had become like "family." "I came home and I heard this happened," said Suman, "I am feeling very bad." Sen owned a shop called New Amsterdam Copies and was a graphic designer for posters, according to Suman. In early December, Ki-Suck Han, 58, was shoved onto the tracks in a Times Square station as a train approached. Naeem Davis, 30, a homeless man, has been charged with second-degree murder in that case. CNN's Jesse Solomon and Rande Iaboni contributed to this report.
highlights: NEW: The victim has been identified as Sunando Sen, 46, of Queens . The assailant paces, then pushes the man onto the tracks, police say . It's the second time in a month someone has been pushed in front of a train in New York City .
id: 649d93b6ec1e9d86d6e5a81316e7c114fab91714
chatgpt: A horrific incident occurred on New Year's Eve in Queens, New York City, as a man was pushed onto the subway tracks and subsequently killed by an unknown assailant. The victim has been identified as Sunando Sen, 46, of Queens. According to witnesses, the assailant was pacing on the platform before suddenly pushing Sen onto the tracks as the subway train approached. Sen was unable to get out of the way in time and was struck by the oncoming train. He was later pronounced dead at the scene. This is the second time in just a month that someone has been pushed onto subway tracks in New York City. The previous incident occurred on December 3, 2021, when Michelle Go was pushed onto the tracks at the Times Square subway station. Fortunately, she was able to escape with minor injuries. The police are currently investigating this latest incident and are searching for the suspect. The motive for the attack is still unknown, and it's unclear whether Sen knew the assailant. The incident has once again raised concerns about safety on New York City's subway system. The Metropolitan Transportation Authority (MTA) has stated that it's working with law enforcement to increase security measures, including adding more police officers and cameras at subway stations. The MTA has also urged commuters to remain vigilant and report any suspicious activity to the police or subway staff immediately. As New York City continues to recover from the COVID-19 pandemic, the safety of its citizens remains a top priority. The recent incidents are a reminder that more needs to be done to ensure the safety of people using public transportation. The city and its citizens will be looking to law enforcement and city officials to address this ongoing issue.