article: By . Simon Tomlinson . PUBLISHED: . 10:37 EST, 22 October 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 14:29 EST, 22 October 2013 . Police today appealed for help to trace a couple who had sex inside a lift just feet away from stunned passengers at a busy railway station. British Transport Police released CCTV footage of a man and woman who officers wish to speak to in connection with the incident, which happened in Shrewsbury, Shropshire, on September 28. Officers said the pair were in the lift for more than ten minutes during which time she 'performed an indecent act' on the man. Caught in the act: Police have released CCTV images of this woman and man who allegedly had sex in a lift . PC Kirk Smith said: 'A man and a woman were seen to enter the lift, which connects the station's main subway and ticket barriers to platforms four through to seven. 'They remained in the lift for more than ten minutes and, during this time, the woman performed an indecent act on the man. 'This is particularly concerning, as the station was very busy at the time and other passengers could have entered the lift at any time.' The officer added: 'We have conducted a number of enquiries and isolated CCTV images of a man and woman we believe may have important information in relation to this incident. Scene of the crime: The incident happened at Shrewsbury train station (above) on Saturday, September 28 . 'If you recognise either individual, or have any information that could assist the investigation, I would urge you to contact police.' 'My mate saw them heading into the lift and when the doors shut you could hear lots of groaning and moaning' Sean Wilson, passenger . Passenger Sean Wilson, 22, said: 'My mate saw them heading into the lift and when the doors shut you could hear lots of groaning and moaning. 'It must have given the CCTV operators a shock. Passengers usually look so miserable as they shuffle onto their trains. They were lucky no-one called it, that's normally used all the time.' Anyone with information should contact British Transport Police on 0800 40 50 40.
highlights: Police say incident happened at Shrewsbury train station last month . Woman 'performed an indecent act' on the man while they were in lift . Groaning and moaning were apparently heard while doors were shut .
id: 9eec69b337030270915f32013e81eecead451854
chatgpt: A woman allegedly performed an indecent act on a man in a lift at Shrewsbury train station last month, according to police reports. Witnesses claim that groaning and moaning could be heard coming from within the lift while the doors were shut. The incident was reportedly caught on CCTV footage, which has been handed over to police as part of their investigation. It is not yet clear whether any charges will be filed against the woman. A spokesperson for the British Transport Police said: "We are aware of an incident that took place at Shrewsbury train station last month, where a woman allegedly performed an indecent act on a man inside a lift. We are currently investigating this matter, and would urge anyone with information or who witnessed the incident to come forward and speak to us." The incident has shocked local residents and commuters, who have expressed concern about safety at the train station. Some have called for increased security measures to be put in place, in order to prevent similar incidents from happening in the future. One commuter, who wished to remain anonymous, said: "I can't believe something like this could happen in broad daylight, in a public place like a train station. It's really worrying - I hope they catch whoever was responsible and make an example of them." Another resident added: "I think the station needs more security guards or CCTV cameras, to make sure people feel safe when they're using the lifts. This kind of behaviour is unacceptable and we need to do more to prevent it from happening." The incident comes as concerns about sexual harassment and assault on public transport continue to grow. Earlier this year, campaigners called for more action to be taken to tackle the issue, after a survey revealed that a significant number of women had experienced harassment or assault on trains or buses. Transport operators have responded by introducing new measures, including increased patrols and CCTV, to improve safety for passengers. However, it is clear that more needs to be done to tackle the problem and ensure that everyone feels safe when travelling on public transport.