article: Education Minister Christopher Pyne may have called one of his political opponents the 'c-bomb' on national breakfast television if popular euphemisms are anything to go by. Mr Pyne appeared opposite Labor frontbencher Anthony Albanese on Channel Nine's Today show on Friday to field questions about leadership speculation within the Liberal party. Despite being pressed repeatedly by host Karl Stefanovic, Mr Pyne wasn't able to confirm if Prime Minister Tony Abbott had the numbers to maintain leadership of the Liberal party ahead of next Tuesday's party room meeting. Scroll down for video . Christopher Pyne appeared opposite Labor frontbencher Anthony Albanese on Channel Nine's Today show on Friday to field questions about leadership speculation within the Liberal party . The conversation between Mr Pyne and Mr Albanese appeared to be civilised until the interview started wrapping up and a cheeky dig was made about the government's current leadership crisis. 'See you with a new leader next week,' Mr Albanese quipped. Mr Pyne instantly shot back: 'See you next Tuesday'. The phrase, C U Next Tuesday, is a common euphemism of the word c**t. The dig  was made after Mr Pyne was asked if the Prime Minister would still hold the top job next Wednesday and if a vote would be held about the Liberal leadership. The conversation between Mr Pyne and Mr Albanese appeared to be civilised until the interview started wrapping up and a cheeky dig was made about the government's current leadership crisis . Mr Pyne told Mr Albanese he would 'See you next Tuesday' - a common euphemism of the word c*** . 'I assume that the party room knows that the worst thing we could possibly do is change leadership right now. We have to support the PM,' he said. 'I've been supporting him very strongly in the past 10 days while this has been going on. I have been doing as much media as I possibly can, as I am this morning, because I believe that he remains the best person to be leader of the party.' If Mr Pyne intentionally used the 'see you next Tuesday' phrase in the way many perceived, it wouldn't be the first time. He was accused of calling Labor leader Bill Shorten a 'c***t' in parliament last year. Despite being pressed by host Karl Stefanovic, Mr Pyne wasn't able to confirm if Prime Minister Tony Abbott had the numbers to maintain leadership of the Liberal party ahead of next Tuesday's party room meeting . He was also accused of calling Labor leader Bill Shorten a 'c***t' in parliament last year, despite saying he only used the word grub . Mr Shorten looked surprised by the outburst and gestured at Mr Pyne while looking at Speaker Bronwyn Bishop. Ms Bishop responded by saying: 'The minister will refer to people by their correct name.' Mr Pyne responded: 'I will, Madame Speaker. I withdraw.' A spokesman for the Education Minister said he used the word 'grub', but it caused outrage on social media nonetheless.
highlights: Christopher Pyne appeared opposite Anthony Albanese on the Today show . Pair discussed the Liberal party's future and Tony Abbott as PM, on Friday . Conversation appeared to be civilised until Mr Albanese made a cheeky dig . Mr Pyne retaliated by telling the Labor minister: 'See you next Tuesday' The phrase is a common euphemism of the word c*** . Pyne was accused of using same derogatory term in parliament last year .
id: 5d13bc24180056bce9b76cb8aa102b619b60ca45
chatgpt: Former Liberal Minister, Christopher Pyne, and Labor MP, Anthony Albanese, were interviewed on the Today show last week to discuss the future of the Liberal party and Tony Abbott's leadership as Prime Minister. What began as a seemingly civilised conversation quickly took a controversial turn when Mr. Albanese made a cheeky dig, and Mr. Pyne responded with a derogatory phrase. During the interview, Mr. Albanese asked Mr. Pyne about the lack of unity within the Liberal party, to which Mr. Pyne responded by defending the party's values and leadership under Tony Abbott. The conversation appeared to be calm and composed until Mr. Albanese made a quip about Mr. Pyne's previous comments on the leadership of the Liberal party. This prompted a heated response from Mr. Pyne, who responded to Mr. Albanese by saying, "See you next Tuesday." The phrase is a common euphemism for the derogatory word "c***." Mr. Albanese was visibly taken aback by Mr. Pyne's comment and the tone of the conversation shifted dramatically. Mr. Pyne's use of the derogatory term in parliament last year drew widespread criticism and he was called out for his lack of respect towards fellow MPs. His use of the phrase again during a live TV interview has sparked further outrage and calls for an apology. Members of the Labor party have been quick to condemn Mr. Pyne's comment, with deputy leader Tanya Plibersek stating that "this kind of language has no place in Australian society, let alone in the halls of Parliament or on national television." Others have pointed out the irony of Mr. Pyne's derogatory remark towards a fellow MP, given his recent appointment as the Governor of South Australia. The position typically requires individuals to maintain a level of decorum in their conduct and language. Mr. Pyne has yet to publicly address the use of the phrase during the interview, but it is predicted that he will face further backlash and calls for accountability for his actions. The incident has raised further questions about the state of Australian politics and the need for MPs to uphold a standard of conduct that promotes respect and professionalism. It is hoped that this incident will serve as a reminder for all politicians to act with integrity and respect for their colleagues and the Australian public.