article: Liberal Democrats have ‘rescued the country’ by helping secure the economic recovery, Treasury minister Danny Alexander boasted yesterday. In an interview yesterday, the Treasury chief secretary was ‘p****d off’ at the Tories claiming credit for tax cuts for low-income workers and Britain’s economic recovery. ‘The economic plan is just as much my plan as it is George Osborne’s,’ he said. ‘It is just as much a Liberal Democrat plan as it is a Conservative plan.’ In an interview yesterday, the Treasury chief secretary was ‘p****d off’ at the Tories claiming credit for tax cuts for low-income workers and Britain’s economic recovery . Speaking at the Lib Dem conference in Glasgow, Mr Alexander urged activists to claim credit for the recovery. The MP, who surprised activists by appearing at the podium without a jacket or tie, and with his sleeves rolled up, said: ‘We have rescued the country, and we need to summon up all our courage and resourcefulness to save it again, from a Labour party that would borrow too much and a Tory party that would cut too much.’ He went on: ‘We have rescued the economy, given opportunity to young people, cut taxes for millions of working people. This message needs to be told in every community, on every doorstep. Don’t be shy about it.’ Liberal Democrat Leader Nick Clegg watches Danny Alexander give his speech . Mr Alexander said Labour and the Tories were like ‘two drunks fighting over the steering wheel’, with neither able to keep the economy under control. ‘Many would say we are the heart of this administration. It’s because we are in Government that we have an economic recovery.’ Mr Alexander said the Lib Dems would demand a new ‘fiscal rule’ after the next election that would require the burden of deficit reduction to be borne by the better off. He said the party would also invest billions more than the Tories in infrastructure. And he warned wealthy tax dodgers that the Treasury was coming after them. ‘We are using psychologists and behavioural economists in HMRC to get the money quickly,’ he said. ‘Tax dodgers beware - we know where you live, we know how much you owe, and now we know how you think. Your behaviour is unacceptable, and we are coming for our money.’
highlights: Treasury chief secretary said economic plan is just as much his as Chancellor George Osborne . He added: 'We have rescued the economy, given opportunity to young people, cut taxes for millions of working people'
id: a23d4f71e6ec994c82b2215799fe0d2bc3f0f8f5
chatgpt: The Treasury's Chief Secretary, Greg Hands, struck a defiant tone today as he spoke out about the government's economic policies. In an interview with BBC News, Hands stated that the economic plan implemented by the Conservative government was just as much his creation as that of Chancellor George Osborne.  "We have rescued the economy, given opportunity to young people, and cut taxes for millions of working people," Hands boasted. "Our economic policies are working, and we have a plan to continue building a brighter future for all Britons." Hands' comments come in the face of mounting criticism from opposition politicians, who have accused the Conservative government of failing to deliver on a number of its key promises. Labour, in particular, have argued that the government's policies have done little to improve the lives of ordinary working people, and have only served to widen the gap between rich and poor. Responding to these criticisms, Hands pointed to a series of successes achieved under the Conservative government's economic plan. He highlighted the country's return to growth, the creation of tens of thousands of new jobs, and the reduction of the deficit to below pre-recession levels. "We are making progress, and our policies are making a real difference in people's lives," Hands declared. "We are building a stronger, more resilient economy that can weather any storm." While there is no denying that the Conservative government's economic policies have had some successes, critics maintain that there is still a long way to go before the UK fully recovers from the recession. They argue that the benefits of economic growth are not being felt by everyone, with many working families still struggling to make ends meet. In the face of these challenges, Hands remained optimistic about the future. He said that the government was committed to continuing its economic plan, and would take whatever action was necessary to ensure that the UK remained on the road to recovery. "We know that there are still challenges ahead, but we are up to the task," Hands said. "We will continue to work hard to create an economy that works for everyone, not just a privileged few."  As the government moves forward with its economic plan, it remains to be seen whether their policies will be enough to convince the public that they are on the right track. However, for now at least, the Treasury's Chief Secretary remains confident that he and his colleagues are doing the right thing.