article: Bruce Grobbelaar insists that Brendan Rodgers' faith in goalkeeper Simon Mignolet, not the sale of Luis Suarez, is at the heart of Liverpool's problems this season. Liverpool conceded 50 goals in the Barclays Premier League last season as they finished second, two points behind Manchester City who let in 13 goals fewer. Those defensive woes have continued this season with 18 goals already conceded by Mignolet in 12 games and Grobbelaar - one of the greatest goalkeepers ever to play for Liverpool - told BBC Sport that the Belgian is the problem. Liverpool goalkeeper Simon Mignolet was beaten three times by Crystal Palace on Sunday . Goalkeeper Bruce Grobbelaar (left) celebrates Liverpool's European Cup win in 1984 . The Zimbabwean said: 'Any team that lets in 50 goals should never be in second position in the first place. That was masked and brushed over by the brilliance of Suarez and [Daniel] Sturridge scoring so many goals.' Grobbelaar added: 'You've got to shore up at the back, get yourself someone in goal that can only let in 30 goals a season, or less than 30 goals a season.' Asked if he thought Mignolet - who Rodgers signed from Sunderland two years ago - was the problem, Grobbelaar responded: 'I've always said that. I've said that he doesn't command his area.' Luis Suarez (centre) scored his first Barcelona goal on Tuesday night after joining from Liverpool in July . Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers looks to be feeling the heat as he talks to the media on Tuesday . He went on: 'I have likened him worse than Dracula, because at least Dracula comes out of his coffin now and then. He seems to stay on his line and that's it. 'That whole area - not the six-yard area, the 18-yard area - is the goalkeeper's, and in this day and age, in modern goalkeeping, if you come out and catch the ball and you get smacked you are going to get the foul. 'It's not rocket science, and he is a big lad. As soon as that ball is in the air - get out, come for it. 'You're going to get a lot more fouls for you and less are going to go in the back of the net.' In 13 years at Liverpool, Grobbelaar won six titles, three FA Cups, three League Cups and one European Cup. Mignolet trains ahead of Liverpool's Champions League clash against Ludogorets on Wednesday .
highlights: Bruce Grobbelaar says Luis Suarez goals papered over cracks last season . Liverpool conceded 50 times yet still finished second in Premier League . Grobbelaar says goalkeeper Simon Mignolet does not command his area . Grobbelaar won 13 major titles in 13 years as Liverpool goalkeeper .
id: c2fd721d6e0d05354ea49ab57832f662131216ca
chatgpt: Former Liverpool goalkeeper Bruce Grobbelaar has spoken out about the club's defensive issues last season. Despite finishing second in the Premier League, Liverpool conceded a total of 50 goals throughout the entire campaign. Grobbelaar has suggested that the impressive goal-scoring form of Luis Suarez may have "papered over the cracks" when it came to Liverpool's defensive issues. Speaking to The Liverpool Echo, Grobbelaar highlighted the importance of a strong defence in any successful team. He suggested that Liverpool's current goalkeeper, Simon Mignolet, still has some work to do when it comes to commanding his area. Grobbelaar knows a thing or two about the importance of a solid defence. During his 13-year tenure as Liverpool goalkeeper, he won an impressive 13 major titles, including six league titles and one European Cup. Despite Liverpool's overall success last season, Grobbelaar believes that their defensive frailties could hold them back in the future. He said, "Scoring goals is no problem for Liverpool, but you can't rely on winning games 3-2 or 4-3 every week. You need to have a solid defence if you want to win trophies." The former goalkeeper pointed out that Liverpool's record of conceding 50 goals last season was almost double that of their main rivals for the Premier League title. He suggested that if Liverpool are to compete at the highest level, they will need to tighten up their defence considerably. Grobbelaar's comments about Mignolet are particularly interesting. The Belgian goalkeeper has been at Anfield since 2013 and has made over 200 appearances for the club. However, his performances have often come under scrutiny, with some critics suggesting that he lacks the bravery and authority required of a top-level goalkeeper. Grobbelaar suggested that Mignolet needs to work on his communication with his defenders and his ability to claim crosses. He said, "He needs to be more commanding in his area. He needs to be more vocal and organise his defence properly. Liverpool have a lot of young defenders, so it's important that the goalkeeper takes charge and helps them out." The former Liverpool goalkeeper's comments are sure to add to the debate about Mignolet's future at the club. Liverpool have been linked with a number of top-level goalkeepers this summer, and it remains to be seen whether or not Mignolet will remain as the club's number one. Regardless of who is between the sticks, Grobbelaar's words serve as a reminder of the importance of a strong defence in any successful team. If Liverpool are to achieve their goals this season, they will need to tighten up at the back and ensure that they are not relying solely on their attacking prowess to see them through.