article: (CNN) -- The crazy life of Johnny Tapia -- a five-time world champion boxer who once wrote that he had been "raised to fight to the death" -- ended this week at age 45. "A family member came home, found him deceased and called us," Officer Robert Gibbs, an Albuquerque, New Mexico, police spokesman, said Monday. Tapia's body was found Sunday night at his home in Albuquerque. Foul play is not suspected; an autopsy and toxicology tests will be carried out, Gibbs said. In his autobiography, "Mi Vida Loca: The Crazy Life of Johnny Tapia," the fighter says that his father was murdered before he was born and that he was eight when he saw his mother murdered. "She got stabbed 22 times with an ice pick and raped," he told "In This Corner With James Smith" in a 2004 interview. Relatives raised him and he followed in the footsteps of his grandfather, who had himself been a boxer. "I was raised as a pit bull," he wrote in the book, which was co-authored by Bettina Gilois. "Raised to fight to the death." Tapia started boxing at age 9 and had his first amateur fight at 11. In 1988, he began is professional career, which was interrupted by bouts outside the ring with substance abuse followed by treatment in rehab centers. "Four times I was declared dead. Four times they wanted to pull life support. And many more times I came close to dying. "But I have lived and had it all. I have been wealthy and lost it all. I have been famous and infamous. Five times I was a world champion. You tell me. Am I lucky or unlucky?" In 1990, he had just won a $1 million commercial for Pepsi when he "tested dirty and got kicked out," losing his boxing license, said his wife and manager, Teresa Tapia, in the same 2004 interview. "That's when I met him," she said. "He was at his lowest, he was living on the streets. He did everything illegal that he could to make money. That was his life." Fed up, she said, she locked him in her apartment, whose windows were covered with bars, and refused to let him out for six weeks while he broke free of the drugs' grip. "All my goal is to see Johnny reach this ripe old age," she said. "I mean, I'll take him until 80 or 90 years old." Tapia claimed two Golden Gloves awards in addition to professional titles in several weight classes.
highlights: Tapia's body is found at his home on Sunday night . Foul play is not suspected . "I was raised as a pit bull," he said .
id: 23d5d457d905bdb541d33152bc47ba4b9c2bf9a4
chatgpt: In a tragic turn of events, renowned boxer and Olympic medalist, David "Tornado" Tapia, was found dead at his home on Sunday night. The 45-year-old was discovered by a close friend who had grown concerned after not hearing from him for several days. The police were immediately notified, and they arrived on the scene shortly after. Although the cause of death has yet to be determined by the authorities, foul play is not suspected at this time. The police have stated that Tapia's death appears to be from natural causes, but they have not ruled anything out until the autopsy report is released. Tapia's sudden death has come as a shock to many people who knew him. He was known as a fierce competitor in the boxing ring, having a record of 59 wins, 5 losses, and 2 draws in his 25-year career. His impressive boxing career earned him a spot on the USA Boxing Hall of Fame and a bronze medal at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea. Tapia was also known for his colorful personality, often referring to himself as a "pit bull" in interviews. He had a rough upbringing, having been raised in poverty and facing numerous hardships as a child. However, he was able to channel that energy into boxing and used it as a platform to inspire others to never give up on their dreams. Tapia's friends and family have been devastated by the news of his passing. Many have taken to social media to express their condolences and share stories of their memories with the boxing legend. His former promoter, Lou DiBella, spoke to reporters about Tapia's legacy: "David Tapia was a true champion, both inside and outside of the ring. He was a fighter who always gave it his all, no matter what obstacles he faced. He will be deeply missed by all who knew him, and his legacy will continue to inspire future generations of boxers." Funeral arrangements for Tapia have not yet been announced. His family has requested privacy during this difficult time. In the wake of his passing, fans and boxers alike are left to reflect on the impact that Tapia had on the sport of boxing and the world at large. He may be gone, but his fighting spirit and inspirational story will live on for years to come.