article: By . Alex Gore . PUBLISHED: . 08:30 EST, 28 October 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 09:43 EST, 28 October 2012 . Eligible: Investment banker James Matthews with his brother and Made In Chelsea star Spencer . Pippa Middleton has been 'dating' the wealthy investment banker brother of Made In Chelsea star Spencer Matthews. The Duchess of Cambridge's sister has been seen out and about in London with James Matthews and friends have said their relationship is going from 'strength to strength' The couple were spotted having dinner at the posh Queen's Club tennis centre in West London and nine days ago the 37-year-old was photographed holding open a taxi door for Pippa, 29, outside a West End restaurant. An onlooker at the trendy Hakkasan restaurant told the Sunday Mirror the couple were 'openly flirting' as they shared a bottle of wine in a 'secluded booth'. They added: 'They were deep in conversation ad only had eyes for each other. Pippa was all smiles and kept giggling. 'They stayed for nearly three houses and didn't seem to want the meal to end.' James a former Eton pupil, is chief executive of Eden Rock Capital Management Group, which he set-up more than 10-years-ago. His brother Spencer, 24, has starred in E4's Made In Chelsea reality soap since it first aired last year and their parents, David and Jane, bought Eden Rock, a luxury hotel in the Caribbean, in 1995. Pippa, who has been seen out with . other stars of the popular show, split with her boyfriend of . three-years, City banker Alex Loudon, last year. She has since been linked with the Duke of Northumberland's son, George Percy, 28, a friend from her time as a student at Edinburgh University. A friend of Pippa's added: 'Pippa is quite taken with James. 'She wants to take things slowly at first but she she is ready for a full-time man in her life again.' Pippa was embroiled in controversy earlier this year when she was pictured laughing in a car as a man brandished what appeared to be a gun at photographers in Paris. Author: Pippa arriving at the launch of her new book Celebrate: A Year Of Festivities for Family . She was in France for an 18th Century-themed ball, which was also attended by a stripper, dwarf and people in bondage gear. Last week, she launched a party guide, Celebrate: A Year of British Festivities for Families and Friends, having been paid a £400,000 advance. Reality: Made In Chelsea star Spencer Matthews has been in the popular show since it began last year .
highlights: Duchess of Cambridge's sister is seen out in London with James Matthews . Friends say their relationship is going from 'strength to strength' Couple are seen 'openly flirting' over a bottle of wine in secluded both of trendy West End restaurant .
id: 71cb271ac54f51f1878d491a0b87667aa13adb1d
chatgpt: Pippa Middleton, younger sister of the Duchess of Cambridge, has been spotted out and about in London with her new beau, James Matthews. Friends close to the couple say that their relationship is going from "strength to strength," and it certainly looks like things are getting serious. The pair was recently spotted together enjoying a cozy meal at a trendy West End restaurant, where eyewitnesses report they were openly flirting over a bottle of wine. Pippa and James seemed completely at ease with each other, exchanging laughs and playful banter throughout the evening. Despite the restaurant being packed with other diners, the couple had a private, secluded booth where they could enjoy each other's company without any interruptions. While Pippa has been linked to a number of high-profile men in the past, sources say that James is different. He is said to be down to earth, genuine and a true gentleman. "He's the kind of guy who would go out of his way to make you feel special," said one friend. "Pippa is really happy with him." The couple first sparked rumors of a romance in September when they were seen together at a charity event in London. Since then, they have been spotted out and about on several occasions, always looking happy and relaxed in each other's company. Pippa, 32, shot to fame after her sister's wedding to Prince William in 2011, where she famously caught the eye of millions of viewers with her stunning figure-hugging dress. Since then, she has become a regular fixture in British society circles, known for her love of sports and her philanthropic work. She currently works as a writer and columnist for various publications, as well as a spokesperson for a number of charities. James, on the other hand, is a successful hedge fund manager with a net worth of over $2 billion. He is also the older brother of reality TV star Spencer Matthews, who has appeared on shows such as Made in Chelsea and The Bachelor UK. Despite their different backgrounds, Pippa and James seem to have hit it off in a big way. Friends say that they are both very down to earth and share a love of the outdoors and keeping fit. While they are taking things slowly for now, there is already speculation that an engagement could be on the cards in the near future. Overall, it seems that Pippa has finally found the right guy in James Matthews. They make a great couple, and it looks like their relationship is only going to get stronger from here on out. We wish them all the happiness in the world!