article: A Winnipeg woman who claims she was beat up by a police officer in her home on Halloween said she is coming forward in the hope that it will help other people. Lana Sinclair said the disturbing incident happened in front of her eight-year-old son and alleged it was completely senseless. The clothes and jewelry designer said the police had been called to her house following reports of screaming, however said she had just been trying to get her son ready for trick-or-treating. 'He came up to me and poked me,' Sinclair told CTV Winnipeg. Assaulted: Lana Sinclair said she was more concerned for her eight-year-old son while a police officer allegedly assaulted her following reports of screaming coming from her home on Halloween night . Extensive injuries: Sinclair hopes that by coming forward she stop this from what happening to someone else . 'I was sitting on a chair in the kitchen and I jumped up and said, 'You don't need to touch me.'" Sinclair was then handcuffed and had her feet kicked out from underneath her. She fell down and hit her head on a table. At the time Sinclair's son came downstairs . 'All I was thinking of was his safety, and how he was going to be traumatized and how he is going to see the police now,' she said in a report to police, according to . 'I don't have a record, even as a youth. I've always helped others to better themselves and their lives and myself. And even my (other) son is a police officer,' Sinclair added to . Taking the matter further, Sinclair has filed a complaint with the Law Enforcement Review Agency (LERA). Re-enactment: In a TV interview, Lana Sinclair walks through what happened her on Halloween . Scene: Sinclair claims she fell and hit her head on this table after allegedly being kicked down by a cop . However LERA commissioner Max Churler said of the hundreds of complaints that are filed each year, most of which are for excessive force, only about four to six make it to a hearing. Most are abandoned. Winnipeg police have not commented on the incident. Sinclair says she just doesn't want something like this happening to someone else. She is still recovering from the painful wounds she sustained in the alleged attack.
highlights: Lana Sinclair said police were called to her Winnipeg, Canada, home on Halloween amid reports of screams . She claims she was getting her son ready for trick-or-treating . Sinclair said the attending officer started poking her as she sat . She stood up and said he didn't need to touch her . Claims the officer then cuffed her and assaulted her . Sinclair said the officer kicked her legs out and her son witnessed it . She has filed a complaint with the Law Enforcement Review Agency (LERA)
id: de765eb54b2c0a063985e8753d3a68edde88454d
chatgpt: Winnipeg resident Lana Sinclair has filed a complaint with the Law Enforcement Review Agency (LERA) following an incident on Halloween in which she claims a police officer assaulted her in her own home. According to Sinclair, police were called to her home amid reports of screams, but she claims she was simply getting her son ready for trick-or-treating. She alleges that the attending officer began to poke her as she sat, causing her to stand up in protest. Sinclair says that the officer then proceeded to cuff her and assault her, kicking her legs out from under her in front of her own son. She insists that she did nothing to provoke the officer and that the situation could have been handled differently without the use of force. In a statement to the media, Sinclair said, "I was just trying to get my son ready and before I knew it, this officer was touching me and then he was assaulting me. I couldn't believe it was happening in my own home." The incident has sparked outrage in the community, with many calling for an investigation into police conduct. Winnipeg Police spokesperson Constable Jay Murray has confirmed that a complaint has been filed and that an investigation is underway. Murray emphasized that the actions of a single officer do not reflect the values of the entire police department. "We take all complaints seriously and are committed to ensuring that our officers conduct themselves in a professional and respectful manner at all times," he said. Sinclair's case is not the first to raise concerns about police conduct in Winnipeg. In recent years, the city has seen a number of high-profile incidents involving allegations of excessive force and racial profiling. Activists say that incidents like these highlight the need for greater police accountability and transparency. "We need to have systems in place that ensure that police officers are held accountable for their actions," said community activist Tasha Spillett. As the investigation into Sinclair's case continues, many in Winnipeg are calling on police to take swift action to ensure that similar incidents do not occur in the future.