article: Los Angeles (CNN) -- A man convicted of stalking singer Madonna, and who once threatened to knife her, was arrested Friday, a week after he escaped from a Southern California mental hospital, police said. Robert Dewey Hoskins, 54, had walked away from Metropolitan State Hospital in the Los Angeles suburb of Norwalk on February 3, police said. He had served a 10-year prison sentence for stalking the "Material Girl," police said, and a court order requires him to be in a facility receiving mental health treatment until the end of August 2012. Los Angeles Police Sgt. Mitzi Fierro told HLN's Nancy Grace that she hadn't been told whether any new charges will be filed against Hoskins. "At this point they are returning him to the facility, and I believe that will be determined by the detectives who will investigate -- number one, his ability to walk away from the facility and, number two, if he violated anything from that point on," Fierro said. The facility he was in is not secured, and it was unclear Friday whether Hoskins escaped or walked out on his own, investigators told CNN. He was receiving treatment to get acclimated to society again and was supervised by a civilian staff and not officers, detectives said. Because of the court order, Hoskins was deemed an "escapee," detectives said. Investigators had been looking for him in the Long Beach area because some of his arrest records come from that community, detectives said. Prior to his arrest Friday, Los Angeles police issued a warning to the public saying Hoskins "is highly psychotic when not taking his medication and has very violent tendencies." Hoskins may have taken a bus to the Long Beach area, police said. He stalked Madonna all over California in the early 1990s, CNN affiliate KCAL reported. He threatened to cut her from "ear to ear" if she did not marry him, the affiliate reported. He was arrested in 1995. The following year at his trial, Madonna -- born Madonna Louise Ciccone -- testified that Hoskins repeatedly scaled the fence of her home and made her have nightmares, the affiliate reported. Fresh off her Super Bowl halftime performance, Madonna is set for a world tour to be launched in Tel Aviv, Israel, on May 29. The European portion of the tour will have 26 shows, including stops in London, Paris, Milan and Berlin. The North American portion of her worldwide extravaganza also includes 26 cities, with the first stop in Philadelphia on August 28. For more on this story, please go to CNN affiliate KCAL.
highlights: NEW: Detectives will determine whether Robert Dewey Hoskins will face new charges . Hoskins was under a court order to receive treatment at a mental hospital . He left the hospital on February 3, police say . He served 10 years in prison for stalking Madonna .
id: 3442e814e8de43a25c2c47c6bc23a9b5efb8ced9
chatgpt: Detectives in California are currently investigating whether Robert Dewey Hoskins will face new charges after he allegedly breached a court order to receive treatment at a mental hospital. Hoskins, who served 10 years in prison for stalking the pop star Madonna, was ordered to receive treatment at a mental hospital after he was deemed a danger to the public. However, according to police reports, Hoskins left the hospital on February 3 and has not been seen since. Officials are currently carrying out a manhunt for Hoskins as they believe he needs urgent medical attention and poses a risk to the public. The 64-year-old man was originally arrested in 1995 after he was found lurking outside Madonna's Hollywood home armed with a knife. He was later convicted of stalking and threatening the singer and was sentenced to 10 years in prison. During his trial, Hoskins claimed that he had a "spiritual relationship" with Madonna and believed that the two of them were going to get married. After serving his sentence, Hoskins was ordered to be held indefinitely in a mental hospital in Norwalk, California where he was receiving treatment. However, after leaving the hospital earlier this month, officials are concerned that he may be dangerous and have urged anyone who spots him to contact the police immediately. "Robert Dewey Hoskins is a very dangerous man and poses a significant risk to the public," said a spokesperson for the Los Angeles Police Department. "Despite receiving treatment at a mental hospital, he has shown a history of violent behavior and we would urge anyone who sees him to contact the police immediately." Detectives are currently investigating whether Hoskins will be charged with breaching his court order and failing to receive treatment. It is also possible that he may face additional charges related to his alleged breach of the order. The search for Hoskins has been ongoing for the past week with police issuing alerts and making public appeals for information. There have been no reported sightings of Hoskins so far and officials are concerned that he may have left the state or gone underground. The case has prompted renewed calls for tighter mental health provisions and increased monitoring of dangerous offenders. Advocates say that more resources need to be invested in mental health facilities to ensure that those who are deemed a danger to others receive the treatment they need to prevent further harm. Meanwhile, the search for Hoskins continues with officials urging residents to remain vigilant and to report any sightings or suspicious activity to the police immediately.