article: ARNOLD, Missouri (CNN)  -- On his 100th day in office, President Obama said Wednesday that he was "pleased with the progress we've made but not satisfied." Obama marked his 100th day in office Wednesday with a town hall meeting and later a news conference. "I've come back to report to you, the American people, that we have begun to pick ourselves up and dust ourselves off, and we've begun the work of remaking America," the president said at a town hall meeting in a high school gymnasium in Arnold, a St. Louis suburb. "I'm confident in the future, but not I'm not content with the present," he said. "You know the progress comes from hard choices and hard work, not miracles. I'm not a miracle worker," he said. Obama acknowledged challenges of "unprecedented size and scope," including the recession. These challenges, he said, could not be met with "half measures." "They demand action that is bold and sustained. They call on us to clear away the wreckage of a painful recession, But also, at the same time, lay the building blocks for a new prosperity. And that's the work that we've begun over these first 100 days," he said. He responded to critics who say he is trying to do too much as he works to address the recession as well as health care, energy and education. "There's no mystery to what we've done; the priorities that we've acted upon were the things that we said we'd do during the campaign," he said, prompting loud applause. The president made an opening statement that lasted about 20 minutes before taking questions from the audience. The last question was from a fourth-grade girl who asked about the administration's environmental policies. Later Wednesday, Obama will hold a prime-time news conference in the East Room of the White House. Leading up to the date, White House aides had labeled the 100th day as a "Hallmark" holiday. "They don't mean anything," quipped one aide, "but you have to observe them." More than six in 10 Americans approve of the job Obama is doing as president, a recent poll of polls shows. According to a CNN Poll of Polls compiled early Wednesday, 63 percent say they approve of how Obama is handling his duties. CNN's Ed Henry contributed to this report.
highlights: "We've begun the work of remaking America," he says in Missouri . Obama warns that progress comes from "hard work, not miracles" He will hold a prime-time news conference later Wednesday .
id: 70d29e642bc29b28c288363d41fa608493ef47e8
chatgpt: Former President Barack Obama spoke on Wednesday at a community college in Missouri about his plans to "remake America." The event was part of a series of speeches that he has been giving since leaving office in January. "We've begun the work of remaking America," Obama said. "But I want to be clear: progress comes from hard work, not miracles. We need to roll up our sleeves and get to work." The former president went on to say that he believes the country is at a crossroads, and that it is up to the current generation of leaders to take on the challenges that lie ahead. "We're faced with unprecedented challenges," he said. "Climate change. A global pandemic. A struggling economy. Deep-rooted inequality. But I believe that we can meet these challenges head-on, and emerge stronger than ever before." Obama's speech also touched on the importance of education and job training in preparing young Americans for the workforce. He called for a renewed focus on these areas, as well as a commitment to investing in research and development. "We need to invest in the next generation of scientists and innovators," he said. "We need to make sure that every child in America has access to a quality education, and that every worker has the skills and training they need to succeed." Later on Wednesday, Obama will hold a prime-time news conference to further discuss his plans for remaking America. He is expected to discuss issues such as health care, immigration, and the economy. In recent months, Obama has been increasingly vocal about his views on current events, and has criticized the Trump administration and the Republican-controlled Congress on a number of occasions. Some political analysts have speculated that Obama may be positioning himself for a more active role in politics in the future. However, the former president has not made any definitive statements on his plans. Overall, Obama's speech in Missouri was seen as a call to action for Americans to work together to address the challenges facing the country, and to embrace the hard work necessary to achieve progress.