article: It was two months ago but Rabbitohs co-owner and actor Russell Crowe has finally opened up about the night his team staged that historic win to claim NRL grand final glory. The gut wrenching 43-year South Sydney premiership drought, the NRL's longest, ended when South Sydney prevailed 30-6 over the Canterbury Bulldogs in an epic decider in October. And the jubilation not only showed on the players' faces who teared up but the man who has stood by their side, who held his players smiling faces in his hands following victory. It was a night Russell Crowe says he will never forget. Scroll down for video . Two months on, Rabbitohs co-owner Russell Crowe says he remembers his teams historic grand final win over the Bulldogs like it was last night . Russell Crowe (pictured left) says he will never forget the 17 players that took the field to contribute to the 2014 NRL grand final win . 'I remember all of it. Crystal clear like it was last night. The energy in the stadium was amazing. I was there in 2000 the night Cathy Freeman won her gold medal,' Crowe told The Daily Telegraph. He said it was a grand final that had it all, thrilling until the end, 'competitive, brutal and skilful'. But while most would imagine Crowe would be out celebrating the night away after his team's most historic win, the father of two said he simply enjoyed the rest of the night with family and friends at home and with his two sons who 'stayed up late and went nuts'. Crowe admitted he had to wake up early the next day to work on a film he was directing. Having to work the next day, Crowe (pictured) had a quiet night celebrating the win with family and friends at home . Russell Crowe says the player's commitment and integrity throughout the season was able to top off an incredible year . It was two months ago but Rabbitoh's co-owner and actor Russell Crowe (pictured) has finally opened up about the night his team staged that historic win to claim NRL grand final glory . 'I missed all the other celebrations at Souths Juniors and Town Hall but I was just so grateful that luck had put me in town, working in Sydney the year something magical happened,' he told The Daily Telegraph. The Bunnies devotee will now work with billionaire businessman James Packer, the club's other owner, to transform South Sydney into a superclub. Crowe will also continue his strong relationship with coach Michael McGuire who he says committed to the club with heart and soul to finish the season as premiers. As for the players, Crowe says he will never forget that 17 that took the field that day and rose his beloved Rabbitohs to the 2014 win. He says their commitment and integrity throughout the season was able to top off an incredible year.
highlights: Rabbitohs co-owner Russell Crowe has opened up two months after his teams historic NRL grand final win over Bulldogs . Crowe says he remembers it like it was 'last night' He spent the night celebrating with family and friends at home . The Bunnies co-owner is now looking forward to next year and working with billionaire businessman James Packer .
id: 0bbdc032093b5b0ec215b93137e2ec8d85690292
chatgpt: Actor and Rabbitohs co-owner Russell Crowe has given fans an insight into his post-match celebrations after his team's historic NRL grand final win over the Bulldogs. Speaking to reporters two months after the win, Crowe said he remembered the night "like it was last night". The Hollywood star spent the evening celebrating with family and friends at home. "It's one of those nights that stays with you forever," Crowe said. "I was surrounded by the people I love, and we let our hair down and partied like there was no tomorrow." The win was a landmark moment for the Rabbitohs, who hadn't won a premiership in over 40 years. Crowe said he was proud to be part of the team's success. "It's an amazing feeling to win a grand final, but to do it with this club, with these players and this coaching staff, it's something I'll never forget," he said. Looking ahead to next season, Crowe said he was excited to continue working with Rabbitohs co-owner James Packer, a billionaire businessman. "James is a great guy, and he's been a huge supporter of the Rabbitohs for a long time now," Crowe said. "We've got big plans for the future, and I can't wait to see what we can achieve together." The pair bought the Rabbitohs in 2013, and have overseen a remarkable transformation of the club. The Rabbitohs have become one of the league's top teams, winning two premierships in the past seven years. Crowe said the club's success was a testament to the hard work of everyone involved. "We've got a great bunch of players, amazing coaches and support staff, and passionate fans who support us week in, week out," he said. "It's a real team effort, and everyone plays their part." The Rabbitohs are already preparing for next season, with pre-season training set to begin in the next few weeks. Crowe said the team was hungry for more success, and was confident they could build on their recent achievements. "We're not resting on our laurels," he said. "We know we've got a target on our backs now, and every team will be gunning for us. But we're ready for the challenge, and we'll be doing everything we can to bring another premiership to South Sydney." Fans of the Rabbitohs will be eager to see their team defend their title, and will no doubt be buoyed by Crowe's enthusiasm and optimism for the season ahead. With two of the league's most influential owners at the helm, the Rabbitohs look set to remain a force in the NRL for many years to come.