article: (CNN) -- A 19-year-old Kentucky woman missing for two weeks has been found, and police are searching for a registered sex offender believed to be involved in her disappearance, authorities said Monday. Brittney Kustes was last seen July 17 at her grandparents' home in Brooks, Kentucky, just south of Louisville, Kentucky, according to Det. Scott McGaha of the Bullitt County Sheriff's Office. Witnesses told police that sex offender Roy Vernon Elwell -- who has a history of kidnapping and unlawful confinement -- was seen driving up and down the street where Kustes' grandparents live on the day she disappeared. "Shortly after, she was gone," McGaha said last week. Numerous witnesses reported seeing the pair in Louisville and surrounding areas over the past two weeks. On Friday, Kustes was driven to a drop-off point by a friend of her alleged captor, according to authorities. Kustes then called her boyfriend, who picked her up, drove her to a motel and called police. Her mother told HLN's "Issues with Jane Velez-Mitchell" Monday night that getting the news was "one of the greatest moments of my life." "It was truly a blessing," Laurie Kustes said. "When we found her, we just stared at each other and I told her over and over you're safe now ... and she just cried and cried." Laurie Kustes said her daughter was so "brutally, mentally tortured" during her disappearance that she was hospitalized Friday night. "She's just really been through a lot of horrible things," she said, declining to elaborate due to the ongoing police investigation. Brittney Kustes has a history with the 34-year-old Elwell, according to her mother. "This guy came into my daughter's life with drugs," Laurie Kustes told CNN affiliate WHAS last week. She said the last time Elwell was with her daughter, Brittney returned home addicted to methamphetamine, a drug habit she had recently kicked. But Laurie Kustes said Monday that her daughter again returned from Elwell's alleged captivity hooked on drugs. "We're going to have to start all over with drug counseling, rehab," she said. "Also, I'm going to have to get her into a psychiatrist for the past two weeks." McGaha described Brittney Kustes as "terrified" and "extremely frightened" of Elwell, and described him as "very dangerous." "She is not under police protection, but we are under alert to watch her," McGaha told "Issues," adding that Brittney Kustes is "at a location [Elwell] is not familiar with." McGaha has said that Elwell knows police want to speak with him about Kustes. Friends of Elwell's have told police that he laughs off requests to come in to the sheriff's office, according to McGaha. Meanwhile, Elwell has been found to be noncompliant with the laws of the state's sex offender registry as he continues to evade police. The Class D felony carries a penalty of up to five years in prison, McGaha said.
highlights: Brittney Kustes was last seen July 17 . She was driven to a drop-off point Friday night . Her mother says her daughter was "mentally tortured" during her disappearance . Police are searching for a registered sex offender believed to have been with her .
id: 66263c84e52786f7d575e4da6b9b9a666445e914
chatgpt: A frantic search is underway for Brittney Kustes, a 25-year-old woman who went missing on July 17. Kustes was last seen being driven to a drop-off point on Friday night, but has not been heard from since. Her family is now appealing to the public for help finding her, as police continue their investigation into the matter. According to Kustes' mother, her daughter was "mentally tortured" during her disappearance. She believes that Kustes was with a registered sex offender, whom police are now actively searching for. Although few details have been released about the suspect, authorities have stated that they are pursuing every lead in the hopes of finding Kustes safe and sound. Kustes' disappearance has rattled her small community, where she was known as a friendly and outgoing person. Friends and family members have been sharing her picture on social media and offering any information they may have about her whereabouts. The police have also launched a media campaign to raise awareness about the case and encourage anyone with relevant information to come forward. The search for Kustes has been a challenging one, as she was last seen over a week ago. However, police are optimistic about finding her, especially given the recent breakthroughs in the investigation. They have stated that they are following up on leads and are working tirelessly to bring her home safely. Kustes' mother spoke to the media, saying that she is "heartbroken" over her daughter's disappearance, and is desperate for answers. "All I want is for my daughter to be found and for whoever is responsible for this to be held accountable," she said. "Brittney is a beautiful, kind-hearted person who deserves to come home to her family." The case has garnered national attention, with many people taking to social media to express their support for Kustes' family and their hope for a positive outcome. Several celebrities have also spoken out about the case, urging their followers to spread the word and help bring Kustes home. The situation is a stark reminder of the dangers that can lurk in our communities, and the importance of being vigilant and aware of our surroundings. Kustes' disappearance has left her family and friends devastated, and they are urging anyone with information to come forward and help bring her home. As the search continues, the community is banding together to offer support and hope for a positive outcome. The police have stated that they will not rest until Kustes is found, and are urging anyone with information to contact them immediately. The investigation is ongoing, and the public is encouraged to keep a lookout for any signs of Kustes or the suspect believed to be with her.