article: A Washington pig farmer has come up with a new twist on 'grass-fed' meat by feeding his animals left over leaf trim from a nearby marijuana farm. William von Scheneidau, owner of the BB Ranch in Seattle, came up with the idea after the owners of a weed dispensary told him they had extra stems, stalks and leaves to get rid of. Marijuana was legalised in Washington last year, leading to an explosion in production. But it is usually only the buds - the most psychoactive parts of the plant - which are consumed. The rest of the plants are usually thrown out, or made into compost. Scroll down for video . Pot pigs: William von Scheneidau, owner of the . BB Ranch in Seattle, with a carcass of one of his free-range animals which has been . raised on a diet of marijuana, beer and vodka . A head shop with a difference: Mr Von Scheneidau came up with the idea after he met the owners of a weed dispensary who told him they had extra stems, stalks and leaves to get rid of . For more videos, please go to BB-Ranch MainsRaider . Sensing an opportunity to tap into the lucrative stoner market, Mr Von Scheneidau asked the weed farmers if he could take what they were planning to throw out to feed to his pigs. Mr Von Scheneidau's 'Pot Pigs', as he calls them, have already proved a hit with customers, with meat selling out before the batches are even processed, NBC News reports. 'I feed them marijuana for the last two months of their lives, and they've been happy, happy as hell,' he told the news network. Despite the relatively weak effects of the cannabis leaf trimmings, he says pigs just lie around, barely lifting their heads - much like human stoners. Happy as a pig in... Pigs which are being raised on the unusual diet, which makes them gain weight faster . It's party time! A farm labourer mixes up the special brew containing cannabis leaf trim, beer and vodka . That might be a reason for his remarkable finding that the animals that eat the dope gain weight 20 per cent faster than those fed on more conventional diets - even though they consume the same amount overall. The fast weight gain leads to a more marbled and fatty texture to the free-range pork, which usually goes on to be processed into products like bacon and prosciutto. Mr Von Scheneidau, who refrains from smoking the herb himself, told NBC that customers taking part in 'blind bacon tests' described the meat as 'more savoury'. 'The flavour of the fat is extraordinary, [customers] love the marbling of the fat,' he said. It is not the first time the enterprising pig farmer has experimented with unusual feeds for his animals. He also adds beer and even vodka to their troughs, bringing whole new meaning to the phrase 'party animals'.
highlights: William von Scheneidau feeds his pigs with leftover cannabis leaf trim . Marijuana was legalised in Washington last year after a public vote . Customers say the feed makes the animals taste 'more savoury'
id: 13c0129bfc9a9f04d1b75bc56ed345427dc7d923
chatgpt: William von Scheneidau, a pig farmer located in Washington, is using leftover cannabis leaf trim to feed his pigs. Von Scheneidau has been feeding his pigs cannabis for the past year and claims that the feed makes the animals taste "more savoury."  Cannabis was legalized in Washington last year after a public vote. Since its legalization, the state's cannabis industry has seen tremendous growth. Von Scheneidau harnessed the power of the cannabis industry by collecting cannabis trim from local producers and using it as feed for his pigs.  Many of Von Schneidau's customers claim that the pork produced by his cannabis-fed pigs tastes better than pork produced by other methods. Some attribute the improved taste to the unique flavour profile of the cannabis. Others argue that the cannabis acts as a natural antibiotic and reduces stress in the animals, leading to higher-quality meat. Von Scheneidau is not the first farmer to use cannabis as feed for his livestock. In fact, using cannabis as animal feed is not a new concept. Some farmers have been using cannabis seeds as birdseed for years. However, using cannabis leaf trim as pig feed is a novel idea. The practice of using cannabis in animal feed has raised concerns among some farmers and industry professionals. The concern is that the presence of cannabis in the animals will lead to trace amounts of THC in the meat, rendering it unsellable. However, Von Scheneidau assures his customers that the meat is 100% safe and complies with all state and federal regulations. The use of cannabis in animal feed is still somewhat of a grey area. Although it is not explicitly prohibited, there are no laws that specifically allow it either. Some farmers have reported being harassed by law enforcement for using cannabis as animal feed. However, this has not deterred Von Scheneidau, who plans to continue feeding his pigs with cannabis. Von Scheneidau's innovative use of cannabis in pig feed has drawn attention from the media and other farmers in the industry. Some see it as a way to improve the quality of their meat and break into a niche market. Others are more apprehensive and believe that the use of cannabis in animal feed may do more harm than good. Despite the controversy surrounding the practice, Von Scheneidau is confident in his product and continues to sell his cannabis-fed pork to local markets. Time will tell whether this innovative use of cannabis in animal feed will become mainstream or remain a niche practice in the farming industry. In the meantime, customers can enjoy the unique and savoury flavour of Von Scheneidau's cannabis-fed pork.