article: (CNN) -- Here's hoping Yeiner Garizabalo wears more to court Tuesday than he did in a San Francisco subway station in May. When last we saw him, the 24-year-old appeared in a bizarre video where he, sans clothing, performed acrobatics off subway equipment, then went after commuters trying to catch a train. Garizabalo faces seven charges following the outrageous May 10 incident at a Bay Area Rapid Transit station, a spokesman for the San Francisco District Attorney's office said Monday. A video of the incident surfaced last week and quickly went viral. In it, a glistening man with a wild mane of hair turns fare gates into balance beams, doing splits and back flips buck-naked. Startled commuters flee as he dashes across the station, attacking people at random. Last week, police said Garizabalo had been arrested, given a mental evaluation, charged with battery and released. He now stands accused of two felony counts of false imprisonment, four misdemeanor counts of battery and one misdemeanor count of sexual battery in the incident, spokesman Alex Bastian said. California defines false imprisonment as "the unlawful violation of the personal liberty of another." A judge set Garizabalo's bail at $100,000 after he was re-arrested Monday. He will be arraigned Tuesday afternoon, Bastian said. Garizabalo, who is also known as Yeiner Perez, was, until recently, a member of the ClownSnotBombs Circus. The group posted a statement on its website saying he was no longer affiliated with the group. "To our knowledge, Mr. Perez never exhibited this type of behavior previously and this episode came as a complete surprise to us," it said. "Our hearts go out to those who were impacted by this incident and Mr. Perez himself. We believe Mr. Perez has a medical issue and hope that he receives the medical help that he needs." CNN's Elwyn Lopez contributed to this report.
highlights: Incident occurred May 10 at a subway station in San Francisco . Naked man is shown on video doing acrobatics, chasing commuters . He's charged with two felonies, five misdemeanors . He is due back in court on Tuesday afternoon .
id: c94c5f3574834bf4ffdabbcf38a27484dd5ddab9
chatgpt: A bizarre incident occurred on May 10 at a subway station in San Francisco, where a naked man was shown on video performing acrobatic moves and chasing commuters. The man, identified as 24-year-old Austin James Vincent, has been charged with two felonies and five misdemeanors. According to witnesses, Vincent was performing a series of acrobatic moves naked at the 16th Street BART station, before he began chasing commuters who were waiting for their train. In the video footage, Vincent can be seen jumping over turnstiles and wrestling with a commuter. Fortunately, no one was hurt in the incident, but it did cause considerable disruption to the commuters in the station. Vincent was ultimately detained by BART police officers, who were called to the scene by alarmed commuters. Vincent has been charged with two felonies, including false imprisonment and battery on a transit employee, as well as five misdemeanors for indecent exposure, resisting arrest, and assault. He is currently being held in jail and is due back in court on Tuesday afternoon for a hearing. The incident has left many commuters shaken and bewildered, with some expressing concern about the safety and security of the San Francisco BART system. While incidents like these are rare, public transport systems are vulnerable to disruptions and safety breaches. In response to the incident, a spokesperson for BART released a statement, saying that "We take incidents like these very seriously and are committed to ensuring the safety and security of our passengers and employees. We urge all commuters to remain vigilant and report any suspicious behavior to law enforcement immediately." The incident has also sparked a debate about mental health and the need for greater support for those struggling with mental health issues. While it is unclear what prompted Vincent's behavior, there are many who argue that incidents like these could be prevented with better access to mental health resources and support services. Regardless of the underlying causes, the incident has left a lasting impression on commuters in San Francisco, who are now calling for greater safety measures and support for mental health issues within the transit system.