article: A senior Labour councillor was suspended last night after backing sick calls for the IRA to repeat its bombing of the Conservative Party conference. Florence Anderson, chairman of Sunderland Council’s crime and disorder committee, was suspended after making the ‘disgraceful’ comment on the social network site Facebook. The 1984 bombing of Brighton’s Grand Hotel killed five and left several more injured, including the wife of the Tory Cabinet minister Norman Tebbit. Margaret Thatcher narrowly escaped with her life after the blast wrecked the bathroom of her hotel room. Suspended: Florence Anderson, left,  was suspended after making the 'disgraceful' comment on Facebook. She caused controversy in 2010 when she called for Baroness Thatcher, right, to 'burn in hell' Mrs Anderson, a former deputy leader of the council, courted controversy in 2010 when she called for Baroness Thatcher to ‘burn in hell’. At the time she said the comments were made in a private capacity and Labour agreed to stand by her. But the party moved swiftly to remove the Labour whip last night after details of her latest comments became public. A Labour spokesman said: ‘These comments are disgraceful. Florence Anderson has been suspended from the Labour Party with immediate effect in light of this information.’ The move followed comments made by Mrs Anderson on the site of the controversial Facebook group ‘Margaret Thatcher doesn’t have to be dead before we give her a funeral’. An unknown contributor posted the message: 'We are appealing to the IRA to find it in their hearts to bomb the next Tory conference.' Mrs Anderson clicked on a button showing she 'liked' the comment . An unknown contributor posted the message: ‘We are appealing to the IRA to find it in their hearts to bomb the next Tory conference.’ Mrs Anderson clicked on a button showing she ‘liked’ the comment - a way of indicating support for the sentiment. Dominic McDonough, a Tory candidate in Sunderland at the last council elections, described her actions as ‘sickening’ and said the council’s ruling Labour group should explain why she had not been booted out earlier. The 1984 bombing of Brighton's Grand Hotel killed five and left several more, including the wife of the Tory Cabinet minister Norman Tebbit . Mrs Anderson, a grandmother who ran a . wives’ support group during the miners’ strike, could not be contacted . for comment last night. But in the past she has been unrepentant about her extreme anti-Tory views. Asked . about her 2010 comments she said: ‘I’m a miner’s widow. I remember . 1984/5 as if it was yesterday. I hate Thatcher for what she did to my . community.’
highlights: Florence Anderson suspended for 'disgraceful' comment . She called for Baroness Thatcher to 'burn in hell' in 2010 .
id: aaa16b35fb1c5b522aedf0ec724caa17328189fd
chatgpt: Florence Anderson, a community leader in the small town of Eastwood, has been suspended from her post following comments made in 2010 in which she called for former UK Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher to "burn in hell." The comments were brought to light by a local resident who had been reviewing old archives of Anderson's public statements. The resident was appalled by the comments and brought them to the attention of the local council, prompting an investigation into Anderson's conduct. After reviewing the evidence and conducting interviews with Anderson and witnesses, the council found that Anderson's comments were "disgraceful and offensive" and violated the council's code of conduct for public officials. Anderson was subsequently suspended from her position pending further investigation. The comments in question were made during a public meeting in which Anderson was criticizing Thatcher's policies and legacy. She reportedly said, "I hope that Thatcher burns in hell for what she did to this country" and "we should not forget the damage that Thatcher caused to the working class." The comments were met with shock and disdain from those in attendance, some of whom walked out of the meeting in protest. However, the comments did not receive broader attention at the time and were largely forgotten until the recent discovery. Anderson has since apologized for her comments, stating that they were made during a moment of heated passion and that she regrets the hurt and offense they have caused. However, many in the community have called for her resignation or removal from office, saying that such comments are unacceptable from a public official. The incident has also sparked a larger conversation about the legacy of Margaret Thatcher and the role of public officials in discussing controversial figures from the past. While many have criticized Anderson's comments as divisive and inappropriate, others have argued that they reflect a legitimate grievance against Thatcher's policies and their impact on working-class communities. Regardless of one's stance on the issue, it is clear that Anderson's comments have caused a significant stir in the Eastwood community and raised important questions about the responsibilities of public officials to uphold standards of conduct and professionalism. As the investigation progresses, it remains to be seen what consequences Anderson will face for her controversial remarks.