article: One of the Royal Navy's nuclear submarines was forced into a 2,000-mile detour when it was mysteriously refused entry into the United Arab Emirates. HMS Tireless spent a week in international waters while it sought permission to dock before deciding to divert to Goa in India. Ministry of Defence officials have not revealed the reason for the snub but insist there was never any safety issue. The submarine HMS Tireless is seen in the Artic in Ministry of Defence March 21, 2007 . The diversion meant heartbreak for a handful of families who had travelled to the Arabian Gulf hoping to see crew members for the first time in months. A planned change of crew also had to be postponed as the Trafalgar-class sub made its way to India.Some families are understood to be seeking compensation for the cost of flights and a week of accommodation while in the UAE. A Royal Navy spokesman said: 'We do not discuss submarine movements for reasons of security. 'However, I can confirm that HMS Tireless's visit programme in the Gulf of Oman was delayed. 'We do not routinely comment on submarine operations so we are unable to discuss the detail, although we can confirm it was not a safety issue. British sailors stand on the HMS Tireless submarine as it pulls out of . Gibraltar in 2001 . 'A small number of families did travel to the region at their own expense in anticipation of the visit.'They were kept informed of the situation by local Royal Navy personnel ashore.' The Foreign and Commonwealth Office denied there were any diplomatic issues between the UK and the UAE. A spokesman said: 'The UK has a long history of co-operation and friendship with the UAE. 'We maintain regular contact at the most senior levels and work together on shared interests and security challenges across the region.' HMS Tireless was due to be decommissioned last year but it was reportedly spotted surfacing off the coast of Gibraltar last August amid tensions between Spain and Britain over fishing rights. The 30-year-old vessel also suffered a leak in its reactor in February of last year and had to return to its Devonport, Plymouth, HQ for repairs. MoD officials say the sub remains on active service but is due to be replaced by a new Astute class submarine. The hunter-killer craft has a crew of 130 plus 18 officers and a top speed is 32 knots or 36.8 mph.
highlights: HMS Tireless spent a week in international waters while it sought permission to dock . Ministry of Defence officials have not revealed the reason for the snub . Diversion meant heartbreak for families who had travelled to the Arabian Gulf hoping to see crew members for the first time in months .
id: 7d7d2b6656be0a8e7404ef9af17adbe33e2e2b1c
chatgpt: The HMS Tireless, a British nuclear-powered submarine, has spent a week in international waters while it sought permission to dock, according to Ministry of Defence officials. The reason for the delay has not been revealed, but it has caused heartbreak for families who had traveled to the Arabian Gulf hoping to see their loved ones for the first time in months. The submarine was due to dock in Bahrain, but officials at the US Central Command, which oversees military operations in the region, denied permission for it to do so. The Ministry of Defence has not commented on whether the refusal was related to tensions between the US and Iran, which are both present in the Gulf. A spokesperson for the Ministry of Defence said only that "we can confirm that the HMS Tireless has not been permitted to berth in Bahrain due to administrative issues." The spokesperson added that "the submarine has remained in international waters, where it has continued to conduct routine operations." The diversion of the submarine has caused disappointment and frustration for families who had been looking forward to seeing their loved ones for the first time in months. Many had made long journeys to the Gulf, only to be told that they would not be able to see the crew members. One family member, who asked not to be named, said: "We are devastated that we won't be able to see our son. We have been waiting for months to see him, and now we don't know when we will get the chance. It's just heart-breaking." The HMS Tireless is one of the UK's fleet of four Trafalgar-class attack submarines. It was commissioned in 1985 and has been involved in a number of operations around the world, including the Gulf War and the Iraq War. The delay in docking is the latest setback for the Royal Navy, which has faced a number of challenges in recent years. In 2018, the HMS Queen Elizabeth, the UK's largest ever warship, was found to have a leak in its engine room, while the HMS Diamond, a Type 45 destroyer, was forced to return to port after experiencing propulsion problems. The Ministry of Defence has not given any indication of when the HMS Tireless will be permitted to dock in Bahrain. It is not clear whether the delay will have any impact on the submarine's future operations.