article: (CNN)  -- Real Madrid took a giant stride towards the knockout stage of the Champions League with a 1-0 win over Auxerre for their second straight win in the tough Group G on Tuesday night. A late goal from substitute Angel di Maria sealed the points for Jose Mourinho's men who beat Ajax Amsterdam 2-0 in the Bernabeu in their group opener. The visitors had dominated the game and created a series of chances, but  looked set for another goalless draw until di Maria struck with nine minutes left. The Argentine winger controlled a right-wing cross on his chest before volleying home. Auxerre had offered precious little in attack but moments before Real defender Pepe's header struck his own post and bounced clear. The win leaves them with six points from two games, two clear of AC Milan, who drew 1-1 with Ajax in the other match played Tuesday in a group of three teams with illustrious records in the competition. Former Ajax striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic dealt his old side a blow with Milan's equalizer -- his third in the tournament having scored twice in the opening 2-0 win over Auxerre. The Swede combined with Clarence Seedorf to pull them level in the 37th minute. Ajax had gone ahead in the 23rd minute, with Uruguay international Luis Suarez playing a vital part as he foxed Alessandro Nesta before sending a low cross for Moroccan international Mounir El Hamdaoui to score past past Milan goalkeeper Christian Abbiati. In Group H, Arsenal and Shakhtar Donetsk are forging clear after two straight wins apiece. Arsenal scored a thrilling 3-1 victory at 10-man Partizan Belgrade, while Ukrainian side Shakhtar were equally convincing 3-0 winners against Braga. Arsene Wenger's Arsenal were coming off a shock 3-2 defeat to West Brom in the English Premier League on Saturday but survived some scares for a comfortable win. Man of the match Jack Wilshere brilliantly set up Andrey Arshavin to give them a 15th minute but Partizan draw level against the run of play through Brazil-born striker Cleo from the spot. Partizan Marko Jovanovic lost early in the second-half as he conceded a penalty but Arshavin saw his penalty saved by goalkeeper Vladimir Stojkovic before striker Marouane Chamakh put them ahead again on 71 minutes. Sebastien Squillaci nodded home substitute Samir Nasri's corner to make it 3-1 in the 82nd minute before the underfire Lukasz Fabianski dived to his right to save Cleo's late penalty for Partizan. Shakhtar's Brazilian stars Douglas Costa and Luiz Adriano were key to their win as Braga, thrashed 6-0 at Arsenal in the first match, lost heavily on their home ground. Costa set up his teammate and compatriot for the first two goals and added the third from the spot in the last minute when converted after Paulo Cesar had fouled Willian in the area.
highlights: Real Madrid beat Auxerre 1-0 for second successive win in Group G . Angel di Maria scores a late winner for Jose Mourinho's team in France . Zlatan Ibrahimovic grabs equalizer for AC Milan against Ajax . Arsenal and Shakhtar Donetsk maintain perfect records in Group H .
id: 04cde18483589c9d5ca3b5ae4b820624728f29e6
chatgpt: In a thrilling night of European football, Real Madrid emerged victorious against a tough Auxerre side with a late goal from Angel di Maria, securing their second successive win in Group G of the Champions League. The first half was a tightly contested affair, with neither team able to break the deadlock. Real Madrid came close to scoring just before the break when Karim Benzema's low shot was saved by Auxerre goalkeeper Olivier Sorin. The second half saw Real Madrid dominate possession and create numerous chances, but they were unable to find the back of the net until the dying minutes of the game. In the 81st minute, Angel di Maria received a pass from Cristiano Ronaldo and slotted the ball home past Sorin to give Real Madrid the lead. Despite Auxerre's late efforts to equalize, Real Madrid held on for the win and now sit comfortably at the top of Group G with six points from two games. In other Champions League action on the night, AC Milan and Ajax played out a thrilling 1-1 draw. Zlatan Ibrahimovic scored a dramatic equalizer for AC Milan in the 85th minute, cancelling out Siem de Jong's first-half goal for Ajax. Meanwhile, Arsenal and Shakhtar Donetsk both maintained their perfect records in Group H with wins over Braga and Partizan Belgrade respectively. Arsenal's 6-0 thrashing of Braga was particularly impressive, with striker Marouane Chamakh scoring two goals in a dominant display. The results on the night mean that Real Madrid, Arsenal, and Shakhtar Donetsk are all in a strong position to qualify for the knockout stages of the Champions League. AC Milan and Ajax will need to improve their performances in the remaining group games if they are to progress to the next round. Real Madrid manager Jose Mourinho was pleased with his team's performance, saying: "It was a tough game, but we showed our quality and resilience to come away with the win. We knew it was important to keep up our good start to the group, and we did just that." Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger was also delighted with his team's performance, saying: "We played some fantastic football tonight and were clinical in front of goal. We're in a good position in the group now, but we need to keep focused and take it one game at a time." The Champions League action will continue next week with the third round of group games, where Real Madrid will take on Milan and Arsenal will face Shakhtar Donetsk.