article: Sydney's head Islamic funeral director has said that no Muslim funeral home will accept the body of Siege gunman Man Haron Monis, suggesting instead that authorities dump his body at sea. The body of Monis remains in the morgue, and has yet to be claimed. It is set to be be released before Christmas. The body will be given a simple funeral by the Department of Health if his partner does not claim it, reports Daily Telegraph. Scroll down for video . Muslim cleric Man Haron Monis arriving to the Downing Centre after a pre-trial hearing of his case in 2011. The body of Monis remains in the morgue, and has yet to be claimed . When asked about the fate of the 50-year old extremists body, Amin Sayed, the funeral director within the Lebanese Muslim Association, said 'we don't care about him, we don't know him, chuck him in the bloody sh**house.' 'Nobody's going to do his funeral. No Muslim funeral home will accept him,' he said. 'They can throw him in the bloody sea.' Mr Sayed said Monis would receive a secret funeral with an unmarked grave, and that they would not accept any amount of money to arrange his funeral. 'Anyone who does harm to Australians, we don't want him,' he said. Following a coroner request, a forensic pathologist will carry an autopsy on his body. Monis' body will be given a simple funeral by the Department of Health if his partner does not claim it . A NSW Health spokesperson told Daily Telegraph 'Local health districts are responsible for the processing and payment of destitute burials and cremations in their district.' 'Where the death of a person has occurred outside of a public health facility, and the police have determined that the state. 'Where the death of a person has occurred outside of a public health facility, and the police have determined that the state is ultimately responsible for their burial, the local health district will fund a funeral.' Monis's wife Amirah Droudis is responsible for the funeral arrangements, . No Muslim can be denied a holy funeral unless they renounce their faith before their death.
highlights: Sydney's head Islamic funeral director has said that no Muslim funeral home will accept Monis' body . The body remains in the morgue, and despite being set to be released before Christmas it has yet to be claimed . The body will be buried by the Department of Health if his partner does not claim it .
id: 182159df62bc8b82a70cdfb4fa65371d9cf5094e
chatgpt: The body of Martin Monis, the gunman behind the 2014 Lindt Cafe siege in Sydney, remains unclaimed and no Muslim funeral home will accept it. This was revealed by Sydney's head Islamic funeral director. The body, which is still in the morgue, was set to be released before Christmas, but no one has come forward to claim it. Monis' partner, who is not a Muslim, is the only one who has the right to claim his body. However, even if she decides to do so, no Muslim funeral home will accept it, as Monis' actions were not in accordance with Islamic teachings. The refusal of Muslim funeral homes to accept Monis' body is not a new development. In fact, it is in line with Islamic teachings that prohibit the burial of those who have committed suicide or engaged in acts of terrorism. In the wake of the Lindt Cafe siege, the Australian Muslim community was quick to condemn Monis' actions and distance itself from him. The refusal to accept his body is another example of the community's rejection of extremism and violence. The fate of Monis' body now lies in the hands of the Department of Health, which will bury it if his partner does not claim it. The burial will take place in an undisclosed location, to avoid any potential for his grave to become a site of controversy or conflict. The refusal to bury Monis' body in accordance with Islamic rites is part of a larger debate around the appropriate way to deal with the bodies of those who engage in terrorist acts. Some argue that denying a proper burial could lead to anger and radicalisation, while others believe that it is appropriate to reject those who reject civilised society. Despite the controversy surrounding the burial of Monis' body, it is clear that the Australian Muslim community is taking a strong stance against extremism and terrorism. The refusal to accept his body is a powerful statement that echoes the sentiments of many around the world, who reject violence and hatred in all its forms.