article: (CNN) -- Why waste your time futilely shaking your fist at the driver who cut you off on the country road when you can take him to task on the information superhighway? Molly Hutchins says the Twitter feed gives people an "outlet to vent your frustration" over bad drivers. AKBadDrivers is a month-old Twitter feed that takes road rage into the information age. It lets aggrieved motorists in Alaska fire off 140-character vents about drivers who follow too closely, park too tightly, drive too fast or flout other vehicular etiquette. When "you yell out the window or give them the finger, you really don't get any vindication," said the Twitter feed's co-creator, Molly Hutchins. "This gives you an outlet to vent your frustration to others and feel like you've gotten a little justice." Hutchins hatched the idea after she found her mother's instant messages, or tweets, were increasingly becoming rants on bad driving. Her parents commute 50 miles each way from their home in Wasilla to Anchorage every day. Her mother, Annette Mullen, would unleash her fury over aggressive or annoying driving antics from the passenger seat, via the micro-blogging site Twitter. "I kept seeing more and more angry ones, and I said, 'Why don't I set one up just for that?' " Hutchins said. "Then we said, 'Why can't we let other people post to it, too?' " That was three weeks ago. Thanks to an appearance on a morning radio show and a feature in the Anchorage Daily News, the feed now has 648 followers -- and climbing. They send their rants privately, and the mother-daughter duo posts them anonymously. "Geek Squad bug on Northern Lights -- does your car come with turn signals? Let's use 'em," said one post. Another urged the use of mud flaps: "GET SOME you're killing the rest of us with cracks and chips in our windshields!" Some post pictures of offending vehicles: "Really, Highlander? No one is this skinny. I so do not love climbing in my passenger door." And some include license plate numbers, which Hutchins sees nothing wrong with. "We're not trying to be hurtful. The license plate is stuck on the front of your car," she said. "Anybody can do anything with it. We're not posting names or anything." Hutchins and her mother edit the rants, but do not post any of their own. Nor do they text and drive, she stressed. "Why would I be part of the problem? That seems silly to me," she said. "I find myself driving more carefully because I'm scared -- 'Oh God, what if someone catches me?' " They're not out to change the world, Hutchins said. They just hope that the next time you're on the receiving end of an errant honker, you can resist the urge to tap into your inner beast -- and use your fingers to tap out a tweet instead. After you pull over, of course.
highlights: Mom, daughter create Twitter feed for Alaska drivers . Drivers ticked off by others can tweet about it . Tweets are edited, posted anonymously, but may include plate numbers .
id: ede66ccdf291a7cabdda95301f7fc5acb338fe49
chatgpt: Two Alaskan women have created a Twitter feed for drivers in their state to voice their frustration with bad driving. A mother and daughter team, Lynnette and Haley Ryan, set up the account, named “Alaska Bad Drivers,” in order to give drivers a forum for venting, and to indirectly educate drivers on safe and courteous driving practices.  The Twitter feed allows anyone to tweet about bad driving or road misbehavior that they might witness. Drivers who witness other motorists tailgating, speeding, or breaking any other traffic laws can tweet about it to Alaska Bad Drivers. The tweets posted on this page are edited for clarity and posted anonymously by the mother-daughter team. However, the tweets may contain specific details such as a license plate. The account creators are hoping that by posting these complaints, they can draw attention to the need for more caution and responsible driving. They believe that the anonymous airing of grievances can help to make Alaska’s roads a safer and friendlier place. According to Haley Ryan, “We just wanted to create something where people could voice their grievances without any chance of repercussions. You never know what somebody's going through in their day. Maybe this is what makes them explode, but hopefully, they'll see other people's comments and it'll make them think twice next time”. Although there have been concerns raised about the potential for harassment or retaliation if drivers' license plates are included in the tweets, Lynnette and Haley Ryan are confident that their editing process will prevent this from happening. They also believe that the anonymous nature of the page will encourage people to use it for constructive purposes, rather than as a platform for negativity. Many Alaskan drivers have already taken advantage of the Twitter account and used it to call out other motorists for bad driving. According to Lynnette Ryan, “It's been pretty active. We've had a lot of submissions, which is fantastic. People seem to be pretty passionate about it, which is good to see”. Many tweets have focused on dangerous driving practices that endangers not only the offending driver but others on the road too. The creators of Alaska Bad Drivers say that the Twitter account is their way of giving back to their community. They hope that by highlighting the bad driving manners of some drivers, they can ultimately make Alaskan roads safer for everyone. With the unique and innovative platform they have created for people to voice their frustrations, the mother-daughter team believe that they are making positive steps towards this goal.  In conclusion, it is becoming increasingly common for individuals to air their grievances on social media platforms, and Alaska is no exception. The Alaska Bad Drivers Twitter account is a unique and valuable way of harnessing the power of social media to create a safer and friendlier community on the road. It will be interesting to see what impact this account will have on driving habits in Alaska over time, and whether more communities around the world will take a similar approach to improve road behavior.