article: (CNN) -- Actress Zsa Zsa Gabor will undergo hip replacement surgery Monday after she broke her hip when falling out of bed, her publicist said Sunday. Gabor, 93, will need the surgery on her right hip, publicist John Blanchette said. The operation is scheduled for 6 a.m. Monday (9 a.m. ET) and should last about four hours, he said. A press conference is scheduled at Gabor's Los Angeles, California, home at noon Monday, he said. Gabor's husband, Prince Frederic von Anhalt, told CNN earlier Sunday, "She has a broken hip and they have to operate on her. It's a complicated thing. It was an accident. And she is not that young any more." Von Anhalt said Gabor fell out of bed Saturday night when she reached to answer the phone. An ambulance rushed her to the Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center in Los Angeles, California, after he called 911. He said she was on medication and asleep early Sunday morning. "Her family is by her side. No other information is available from the hospital per the family's request," hospital spokeswoman Roxanne Yamaguchi Moster said in a statement. Blanchette said earlier Gabor was watching "Jeopardy!" when she fell out of bed. "She has an active mind. She's very bright. She's funny. She always makes me laugh whenever I talk to her," Blanchette said. "Her body's failing her." Blanchette said Gabor has been frail and "pretty much confined to a wheelchair" since a 2002 car accident. The crash occurred when the car in which she was riding with her hairdresser slammed into a light pole on Sunset Boulevard in Los Angeles. Her husband has been caring for her, Blanchette said. The glamorous Hungarian-born actress, the second of the three celebrated Gabor sisters, is most famous for her eight marriages. Among her husbands were hotel millionaire Conrad Hilton and Oscar-winning actor George Sanders. Her more prominent films include John Huston's 1952 Toulouse-Lautrec biopic, "Moulin Rouge;" "The Story of Three Loves," 1953; "The Girl in the Kremlin," 1957; and Orson Welles' classic "Touch of Evil," 1958. In 1989, Gabor was sentenced to 72 hours in jail for slapping a Beverly Hills police officer after a traffic stop. She also had to perform community service at a battered women's shelter. The other Gabor sisters were Magda, the oldest, who died in 1997 five days shy of 83, and Eva, the youngest, who died in 1995 at 76. Magda, an occasional stage actress, also was married to George Sanders at one time. Eva is probably best remembered for her role as a socialite turned farmer's wife on the 1960s' TV sitcom "Green Acres." CNN's Catherine Shoichet, Sonya Hamasaki and Jack Hannah contributed to this report.
highlights: NEW: Gabor will undergo hip replacement surgery Monday morning . Gabor's husband says she broke her hip when she fell out of bed . Gabor's publicist says she has been "confined to a wheelchair" since a 2002 car accident . The Hungarian-born actress is most famous for her eight marriages .
id: bb134cf11dfbdb619534a56e703142308939ae57
chatgpt: Hungarian-born actress Zsa Zsa Gabor is set to undergo hip replacement surgery on Monday morning following a fall out of bed, according to her husband, Frederic Prinz von Anhalt. The 93-year-old has been "confined to a wheelchair" since a 2002 car accident, according to her publicist.  Gabor, who is most famous for her eight marriages, has been in and out of hospital over the past few years due to various health issues, including a stroke and a broken leg. Her husband expressed concern about her upcoming surgery, admitting that "anything can happen" during a major operation at her age. Despite her health struggles, Gabor has remained a beloved figure in Hollywood and beyond, known for her glamour and wit. She made her film debut in the 1952 musical "Lovely to Look At" and went on to star in a number of films and television shows, including "Moulin Rouge" and "Green Acres." Gabor's personal life was just as dynamic as her career, with the actress famously marrying nine times throughout her life. Her first marriage was in 1937 to Turkish diplomat Burhan Asaf Belge, and her last was to Von Anhalt in 1986. However, in recent years, the octogenarian actress has largely withdrawn from the public eye due to her health issues. Her husband has been vocal about the toll these medical problems have taken on both of them, admitting to feeling "very lonely" without his wife by his side. Despite this, Gabor's spirit and resilience have remained a source of inspiration to many. She once famously quipped, "I am a marvelous housekeeper: Every time I leave a man, I keep his house." Her fans continue to support her as she faces this latest setback, hoping for a swift and successful recovery. As the actress prepares for her surgery, her family and fans are sending their love and well wishes. Her husband, in particular, has been her unwavering support system throughout her health struggles. "I will take care of her," he promised. "I will watch her all the time." Gabor is expected to be in the hospital for several days following her surgery, with her recovery timeline uncertain. However, her fans remain hopeful that the actress will pull through once again, showing the same strength and grace that have defined her career and life.