article: (CNN) -- If you can't recall everything you loved and hated about 2012, Facebook, Twitter and Google all just released their year-in-review reports. And all three reflect what many of us experienced firsthand: . Thousands of strangers gathering to watch a rover land on Mars and a man fall from space. A hurricane slamming the East Coast while the world watched tragedy strike and heroes emerge. Social media, combined with the ability to search and surface information almost instantly, repeatedly brought Internet users together to huddle around the virtual campfire, sharing their stories through image, text and sound. 'Gangnam Style' to 'Kony 2012:' This year's top viral videos . Whitney Houston's accidental drowning death was Google's top search trend, generated more than 10 million tweets and was the third-biggest event on Facebook in 2012. Hurricane Sandy generated more than 20 million tweets, was the fourth biggest event on Facebook and was the top trending event of 2012 on Google. Politics and political gaffes (remember Big Bird?) were top news trends on Google. Google defines trends as those searches with the highest amount of traffic over a sustained period in 2012 when compared to 2011. Although social media and search engines serve different purposes, both ultimately reveal what the world is talking about. More than two-thirds of American adults online now use social media regularly, according to a recent study by the Pew Internet & American Life Project. More women than men are social media users, which could explain how "Fifty Shades of Grey" wound up as the fourth most-read book of the year on Facebook. More than 90% of adults aged 18-29 are on social media, so it shouldn't surprise anyone that the "Hunger Games" series accounted for the top three most-read books and the No. 1 movie among members of Facebook. Trends on Twitter seemed to reflect a more diverse demographic. Its most popular tweets came from President Barack Obama celebrating "Four More Years," Justin Bieber mourning the loss of a young cancer patient and frustrated NFL player TJ Lang ranting about the league's replacement refs. Overall trends in the U.S. seemed to reflect a natural curiosity about the new, with top "What Is" trends being SOPA, KONY, Yolo and "What is Instagram?" For more on the trends: . Twitter: 2012 Year on Twitter . Google: Google Zeitgeist 2012 . Facebook: 2012 Year in Review .
highlights: Facebook, Twitter and Google all just released their year-in-review reports . Top trends: Superstorm Sandy, Whitney Houston . More than two-thirds of American adults who are online now use social media regularly .
id: a4f505d3788a7945c39c0899cf117eb218608880
chatgpt: Facebook, Twitter and Google have all released their annual year-in-review reports, highlighting the most talked about topics on their widely popular platforms. It was revealed that Superstorm Sandy, which caused widespread devastation along the east coast of the United States, and the untimely death of singer Whitney Houston, were among the top trending topics of the year. The social media giants found that a majority of Americans, more than two-thirds of online adults, use social media sites on a regular basis. Facebook, in particular, cited a 67% increase in new members joining their network. Superstorm Sandy was the most widely discussed topic across all three platforms. The storm, which hit the east coast in late October, caused severe damage with over 100 people losing their lives and millions more affected by power outages and flooding. Social media played a huge role during the storm, as users shared news updates, safety information and offered support and assistance to those affected. The death of Whitney Houston in February was another event that reverberated throughout the social media world. Many users expressed their sadness and shared their favorite songs and memories of the iconic singer. Both Facebook and Twitter saw a significant spike in conversations following her death. Apart from these events, Facebook's report showed that users loved a good meme, with "TBH" (to be honest) and "YOLO" (you only live once) being two of the most frequently used acronyms on the site. Meanwhile, on Twitter, the most retweeted message of the year was by President Barack Obama, following his re-election victory in November. His tweet, which showed a picture of him hugging his wife Michelle with the caption "Four more years," was shared over 810,000 times. Google's report showed that for the first time ever, its social network Google+ had more active users than Twitter. Google also revealed that the top trending search on their site in 2012 was for the iPhone 5, followed by the tragic news of Hurricane Sandy. Overall, the year-in-review reports show the continuing influence and importance of social media as a tool for communication, information sharing and even news reporting. With more than two-thirds of American adults logging on regularly, it's clear that social media is here to stay.