article: By . Stuart Woledge . PUBLISHED: . 02:53 EST, 21 August 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 07:21 EST, 21 August 2013 . FIFTY firefighters have been battling a huge inferno throughout the night that broke out at a recycling plant in Stockport near the M60 motorway. Flames and plumes of smoke could be seen pouring out of Bredbury Recycling Plant on Bredbury Industrial Estate shortly after 9pm yesterday. Five fire engines and an aerial appliance were initially sent to the scene in Stockport Road West. But such was the severity of the blaze, they were joined by a further five a short time later. Scroll down for video . Blaze: Fifty firefighters remained on the scene at 6am this morning tackling the huge blaze . Inferno: Huge flames could be seen shooting into the air accompanied by plumes of smoke . Aerial: A lone firefighter pours water on the blaze from their vantage point above the blaze . Investigation: Greater Manchester Fire and Rescue Service is already probing the cause of the blaze . Earlier today, officer in charge Sean Booth said: 'We will certainly be here for longer than today. 'There is a large smoke plume going into the air and moving towards Tameside. The smoke plume is not affecting the motorway but please take care when in the area.' 'We were faced by a rapidly developing fire at a site of about 100m by 100m when we arrived after 9pm last night and have been working at the scene all night. 'Because of the efforts overnight, we were able to contain the fire and have been able to lift some of the road closures and restrictions that were put in place.' At the time of writing, all fifty firefighters remained at the scene. Many of the businesses in the area have been able to open. Fumes: Plumes of lethal smoke pour out of the plant in Stockport West Road last night . It is the second fire at the plant in two years. An investigation is now underway, but there are no early indications as to what may have caused the fire to break out. Roads around the site have been closed as a precautionary measure. These . include the slip road to junction 25 of the M60, the junctions of . Lingard Road, Stockport Road West and Old Moor Road with Ashton Road and . Crookhilley Way. Lock down: Several roads around the scene of the incident were closed as a safety measure . Multi agency: Police officers were also called to the scene to help with the operation .
highlights: Scores of firefighters have been battling the blaze throughout the night . Ten fire engines were sent to the scene in Stockport just after 9pm . Flames and plumes of smoke were seen pouring from the plant . Roads remain closed around Bredbury Industrial Estate as a precaution .
id: 2fd42cd3dfe78a3403a1f01101517ab131e3a37e
chatgpt: A fierce fire broke out at a plant located at the Bredbury Industrial Estate in Stockport on Thursday evening. Scores of firefighters have been battling the blaze throughout the night, with ten fire engines sent to the scene just after 9 pm. Plumes of smoke and flames were seen pouring from the plant, which has caused widespread concern among the local people. The firefighters had a tough time battling the fire, which seemed to have spread rapidly from the plant on the industrial estate. Despite their best efforts, the flames raged on for hours, causing significant damage to the plant and its surroundings. The thick smoke that emanated from the site was visible to a long distance and created alarming situations for people living nearby. The incident led to the closure of roads around the area as a precautionary measure. Traffic was diverted, and people were advised to keep a safe distance from the location. The primary concern of the authorities was to ensure the safety of people around the fire-ground and keep the fire from spreading to other areas. The sound of fire engines could be heard throughout the night as the firefighters continued with their challenging task of putting out the fire. The cause of the fire is yet to be ascertained, and investigations are currently underway. The emergency services have been working in close collaboration with the plant authorities to limit the damages caused by the blaze. The situation, however, seemed under control by Friday morning, with the firefighters managing to get the fire under control. Eye-witnesses described the scene as terrifying, with flames and smoke engulfing the plant. The incident has raised concerns about the safety measures in place at industrial estates and factories nationwide. The local authorities have assured the public that they shall take necessary steps to prevent such incidents in the future. The incident has also caused significant financial losses to the owners of the plant. The firefighters have worked hard to limit the damage, but the repercussions of the fire are expected to be substantial. This incident is a timely reminder of the importance of safety measures and precautions that must be taken when working with hazardous materials. The authorities have thanked the firefighters for their prompt response and bravery in controlling the fire. The incident is currently being investigated, and all necessary measures will be taken to ensure such an incident doesn't happen again. In conclusion, the fire at the plant in Stockport is a grim reminder of the risks involved in industrial processes in the country. The safety of workers and the surrounding communities must be of utmost importance. It is hoped that the investigation will help identify the cause of the fire and take necessary action to prevent such an incident from happening again.