article: By . Nick Enoch . PUBLISHED: . 08:43 EST, 28 March 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 10:31 EST, 28 March 2012 . Turf wars have erupted after daring lawn raiders stole a family's front garden. Father-of-two Steve Woolnough was astonished to wake up one morning... only to discover the late-night thieves had stolen his beloved lawn. Mr Woolnough, 54, of Ipswich, Suffolk, had laid the 100sq ft astroturf to spruce up his home's appearance. Father-of-two Steve Woolnough was astonished to wake up one morning... only to discover late-night thieves had stolen his beloved lawn . Mr Woolnough, 54, of Ipswich, Suffolk, had laid the 100sq ft astroturf to spruce up his home's appearance. Pictured, his grandson playing on the grass before it was stolen . But now he has been left with a £250 bill to replace the artificial grass after it was pinched under cover of darkness. He said: 'I'm absolutely seething over it, I really am. 'How dare someone have the cheek to steal what I have had to work hard for. 'You try and make your house look nice and someone comes along and steals what you have got.' The gang struck between 10.30pm on March 19 and 6am the following day. Police forensic experts scoured his looted garden after footprints were left behind by the thieves. 'I have had it in my garden for the past six years,' said Mr Woolnough. Mr Woolnough, a systems IT consultant, said he won't put down artificial turf again unless he installs CCTV cameras . 'During the small hours, someone decided their need for it was greater than mine.' Villains have tried to take the fake turf before but gave up because of the weight of the material. Mr Woolnough said this time the crooks professionally planned the raid from start to finish. 'Whoever did it knew what they were doing because they knew the weight of it,' said the grandfather-of-four. 'I have not had my garden stolen before - it's quite strange.' Mr Woolnough, a systems IT consultant, said he won't put down artificial turf again unless he installs CCTV cameras. Police are appealing for witnesses as they hunt the lawn looters. A Suffolk Police spokeswoman said: 'This is a very unusual incident. 'It would have taken some time to remove such a large quantity of astroturf from this garden and needed a vehicle to take it away. 'Officers want to speak to anyone who may have seen any suspicious persons or vehicles in this area [at the time].'
highlights: Steve Woolnough: 'I haven't had my garden stolen before - it's quite strange'
id: cf9e4d83ce1d1559126f9f9c0fa9617c25a3d03f
chatgpt: In the sleepy village of Angmering in West Sussex, an unusual crime has occurred – a garden has been stolen. Yes, that's right, a garden.  Steve Woolnough, a resident of the village, is the unfortunate victim. The missing garden consists of a collection of potted plants, garden ornaments, and a small patio set. Woolnough, who has lived in the village for over 20 years, says he has never experienced anything like this before.  "I was shocked," said Mr. Woolnough. "I haven't had my garden stolen before - it's quite strange. I'm just lost for words, really."  The theft occurred overnight, and Mr. Woolnough only discovered it the next morning when he went out to water his plants. He noticed that several of his favorite plants were missing, as well as a gnome and a couple of other decorative items. At first, he thought that perhaps some of his neighbors had taken the items as a joke or prank, but as he started to investigate, he realized that they were genuinely missing.  The stolen items were worth around £500 ($700), but Mr. Woolnough says it's not the monetary value that upsets him – it's the fact that someone entered his property and took his possessions without permission. "It's the principle of the matter," he said. "It's just not right."  The police have been informed of the theft, but as yet, there are no leads. Mr. Woolnough has also put up posters around the village appealing for information and offering a reward for anyone who can help him recover his stolen garden.  "I just want my plants and ornaments back," said Mr. Woolnough. "They mean a lot to me. They're not just objects – they're memories, they're things that I've collected over the years, and they have sentimental value."  The theft has left Mr. Woolnough feeling uncomfortable and anxious about the security of his property. He says he will be installing CCTV cameras and security lights in the hope that it will deter any future thieves.  Meanwhile, the village is abuzz with talk of the bizarre theft. One resident commented, "I've heard of garden gnomes being stolen before, but a whole garden? That's a new one on me!"  As Mr. Woolnough continues to try and recover his stolen possessions, the incident serves as a reminder to others to be vigilant when it comes to home security, even in the peaceful surroundings of a sleepy village like Angmering.