article: New York (CNN) -- The son of an Oscar-winning composer was indicted Thursday in the strangulation death of his girlfriend, whose body was found last week in a New York hotel bathtub. The details of the indictment of Nick Brooks, 24, are sealed and will not be revealed until his next court appearance, on January 4, said Manhattan District Attorney spokeswoman Joan Vollero. Police say the bruised body of swimsuit designer Sylvie Cachay, 33, was found at the exclusive Soho House club and hotel. Brooks, whose father, Joseph Brooks, is the music director who produced the song "You Light Up My Life," was arraigned on charges of attempted murder and strangulation, police said. He pleaded not guilty. His attorney, Jeffrey C. Hoffman, said Brooks believes at least one other person had been in the room. "I believe he is, in fact, not guilty," Hoffman said. According to court documents, police said the only person in the hotel room with Cachay, besides Brooks, was a hotel employee who delivered ice and was inside for about one minute. Brooks escorted the employee into the room and remained after the worker left, police said. Authorities said they relied on interviews with hotel employees and surveillance videos from the location. On Sunday, Cachay's brother said -- in comments issued through her spokeswoman -- that his parents "are devastated by the loss of their daughter, so much so that they cannot make a coherent statement at this time." "Nobody should have to make arrangements to bury a child," Patrick Orlando-Cachay said in the statement. "It's a day-by-day grieving and healing process." Police said they are investigating a time frame in which the killing occurred. Cachay's body sustained bruising on the neck and bite marks, and was found clothed in the hotel room bathtub, the spokesman said. An autopsy indicated that the designer suffered injuries that were consistent with neck compression, court records show. Cachay suffered internal hemorrhaging, injuries to her scalp and cuts to her lips and mouth. The medical examiner's office will provide more details surrounding Cachay's death "pending toxicology and tissue testing, which would take a few weeks," spokeswoman Grace Burgess said. "Sylvie Cachay was one of those rare individuals who truly sparkled when she spoke," said publicist Kate Godici. "She will be deeply and painfully missed, yet celebrated, honored and never forgotten."
highlights: Son of an Oscar-winning composer was indicted in the strangulation of his girlfriend . The details over the indictment of Nick Brooks, 24, are currently sealed . The body of swimsuit designer Sylvie Cachay was found at Soho House club and hotel .
id: 81d695c55b9c2fd8f71cb601af6597fc404668e2
chatgpt: The son of an Oscar-winning composer has been indicted in the strangulation of his girlfriend, swimsuit designer Sylvie Cachay. Nick Brooks, 24, has been accused of playing a role in the murder of his girlfriend at the Soho House club and hotel. The details over the indictment of Nick Brooks have been kept under seal, preventing the public from knowing the full story. However, those close to the victim and the accused say that the indictment will shed some light on what really happened to Sylvie Cachay in the early morning hours of December 9, 2010. The death of Sylvie Cachay shook the fashion industry, where the designer was highly respected. Her lifeless body was found submerged in a bathtub at the luxury hotel, with strangulation marks on her neck. The location of the crime further added to the mystery surrounding the case. Nick Brooks was quickly identified as a suspect, and the discovery of his alleged involvement will come as no surprise to those who have followed the case. Since his arrest in December of 2010, Brooks has maintained his innocence, but the evidence appears to suggest otherwise. The trial of Nick Brooks is set to begin soon, and the details of the indictment are likely to be revealed in court. The family of Sylvie Cachay has been anxiously waiting for justice to be served and for the truth to come out. The murder of Sylvie Cachay is a reminder that even the most glamorous and affluent lifestyles can be shattered by violence. While her death has left a void in the lives of her family and friends, they are hopeful that Nick Brooks will be held accountable for his alleged actions. As the trial unfolds, the world will be watching to see how justice is served in this tragic case. It is a stark reminder that the pursuit of love and happiness can sometimes lead to devastating consequences.