article: (CNN) -- The FBI said Monday it believes it knows who was behind one of the most significant art heists in the United States -- the 1990 theft of 13 precious works, once valued at $500 million, from Boston's Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum. A couple of big catches in the announcement: The FBI didn't reveal the suspects' names, said that the statute of limitations has run out so it can't charge anyone with the theft and that the artwork still hasn't been recovered. The FBI said the suspects "are members of a criminal organization with a base in the mid-Atlantic states and New England." The bureau also said it believes the artwork -- including paintings by Rembrandt and Vermeer -- was taken to Connecticut and the Philadelphia area and that the thieves unsuccessfully tried to sell some of the artwork in Philadelphia about 10 years ago. Charges still could be brought in the future against anyone holding the stolen masters. But authorities suggested the possibility of immunity would be considered should someone involved in keeping the art hidden away come forward and help the FBI to recover it. "After the attempted sale ... the FBI's knowledge of the art's whereabouts is limited," the FBI said in a statement released Monday. At a Boston news conference, reporters pressed the FBI to name the suspected thieves, but officials declined, saying doing so might harm the ongoing investigation. The announcement comes on the 23rd anniversary of the theft, which the FBI says is one of the largest property crimes in U.S. history. In March 1990 two men posing as Boston police officers entered the museum in the middle of the night and tied up two watchmen. Among the the stolen items was a painting called "The Concert" by Johannes Vermeer, one of only 34 known paintings by the Dutch artist. Also pilfered were works by Rembrandt, Manet and Degas. Many view this as the single greatest art heist of all time. U.S. Attorney Carmen Ortiz said she has visited the Dutch Room at the museum several times and has seen the empty frames where the paintings once hung. "I was reminded of the enormous impact of this theft," said Ortiz. "I do remain optimistic that one day soon the paintings will be returned to their rightful place." The FBI says it's releasing the new details of the probe in part to remind people of a $5 million reward for information leading to the recovery of the items in good condition. The FBI's publicity effort will include a website devoted to the Gardner Museum robbery and the use of social networks and advertising on digital billboards in the Philadelphia region. Anyone with tip may call the FBI at 800-CALL-FBI or contact the agency online at https://tips.fbi.gov. Mystery masterpiece revealed as Rembrandt self-portrait . CNN's Devon Sayers and Susan Chun contributed to this report.
highlights: The FBI marks 23rd anniversary of huge 1990 art heist with new details of the crime . Agency says it has idea who stole artworks from Boston's Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum . Works, including some by Vermeer and Degas, were valued at $500 million .
id: 6d8e2d6e321f0d1413aad8941a7dabf8b40de952
chatgpt: Yesterday marked the 23rd anniversary of one of the most infamous art heists in history. In 1990, two men disguised as police officers entered the Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum in Boston and made off with thirteen pieces of artwork, including works by Vermeer and Degas. The estimated value of the stolen art is $500 million, making it the largest property theft in history. Despite the passage of time, the FBI has not given up on solving the crime. In fact, they're still pursuing leads and may be closer than ever to identifying the perpetrators. In a press conference yesterday, officials from the agency revealed new details about the case, including evidence that suggests the thieves may have had inside help. "The Gardner heist is a case that has captivated people's imaginations for years," said Special Agent in Charge Joseph Bonavolonta. "We're not giving up on this investigation. We believe with every fiber of our being that recovery of the artwork is possible." The FBI also released new sketches of two suspects who may have been involved in the crime. One is believed to be a man in his mid-30s at the time of the robbery, while the other is believed to be in his mid-20s. Both are white and have light-colored hair. The agency is also appealing to the public for information. "Someone out there knows something," said Geoffrey Kelly, the FBI's assistant special agent in charge. "We're asking them to come forward and help us bring these criminals to justice and recover these priceless works of art." The stolen pieces include Vermeer's "The Concert," which is considered one of the artist's finest works, and Degas' "La Sortie de Pesage," which is a pastel drawing of horses leaving a racetrack. The other pieces include works by Rembrandt, Manet, and Flinck. Despite the high-profile nature of the case, the FBI has struggled to solve it. Over the years, they've pursued numerous leads, some of which have turned out to be dead ends. However, they remain optimistic that they will be able to recover the stolen art. "We have reason to believe that the paintings and other works of art are still in circulation," said Kelly. "We urge anyone who has information about the whereabouts of these stolen items to come forward." The Gardner heist remains one of the most famous art crimes in history, and it has inspired numerous books, movies, and TV shows. However, for the FBI, it is a serious crime that they are determined to solve. With the passage of time, the case has become more difficult to crack, but the agency is still investigating and remains hopeful that they will one day be able to recover the stolen items.