article: WASHINGTON (CNN) -- An investment executive who paid more than $20 million for an original, handwritten copy of the Magna Carta presented the ancient paper Monday to the media and plans to loan it to the National Archives. People photograph the rare copy of the Magna Carta before it's auctioned at Sotheby's New York in December. David Rubenstein, the founder of the private equity company Carlyle Group, was the top bidder during a December auction at Sotheby's, and said buying it and displaying it is a way "to show my appreciation for the country which has been very good to me." The National Archives considers the manuscript "a milestone in constitutional thought" from the 13th century, and plans to place it on public display later this month. Rubenstein in the 1970s was the chief lawyer for a Senate panel that reviewed constitutional amendments. The original Magna Carta was signed in 1215. Rubenstein's is one of four remaining copies of the document commissioned by the King of England in 1297 to establish basic human rights as part of English law. A scholar's contemporary translation of the Latin describes the right of the country's people "to be free and to have all its rights fully and its liberties entirely," as among the 37 principles described in the Magna Carta.  Watch what young people have to say about this document » . Rubenstein, before founding the Washington-based Carlyle Group, was also a domestic policy adviser during the Carter administration. He is from Baltimore, Maryland. The fragile paper is displayed in a sealed viewing box to protect it from damage. Sotheby's auctioned the document on behalf of the Ross Perot Foundation, which had purchased it in the 1980s from a British family who had kept the document for the previous 500 years. "It has a few wrinkles," Rubenstein told reporters. "Any of you who are 700 years old, you'd have a few wrinkles as well, but for something that's as old as it is, it's in very good shape, and I know that it will be kept in excellent shape, hopefully for another 700 years." The Magna Carta will be on public display starting March 12 in the West Rotunda Gallery of the National Archives Building. E-mail to a friend .
highlights: David Rubenstein bought original copy at auction for more than $20 million . The original Magna Carta was signed in 1215 by the King of England . "It has a few wrinkles," Rubenstein said, " ... you'd have a few wrinkles as well"
id: 76e7ac5320daebbf4f60e11b80448913564348df
chatgpt: David Rubenstein, a billionaire philanthropist and co-founder of The Carlyle Group, has purchased an original copy of the Magna Carta for more than $20 million at an auction. The document, which dates back to 1215, was signed by King John of England and is considered to be one of the most important legal documents in history. Rubenstein, who also owns a copy of the Emancipation Proclamation, said that he decided to purchase the Magna Carta because he believes it is a crucial piece of history that should be preserved. "It's an important historical document that symbolizes a lot of what's good about Western civilization," he said in an interview. Despite its age, Rubenstein noted that the document is not in perfect condition. "It has a few wrinkles," he said. "But then, if you were 800 years old, you'd have a few wrinkles as well." The Magna Carta, which means "Great Charter," was originally created to limit the power of the King and protect the rights of the people. It is considered to be a precursor to modern constitutional government and is hailed as one of the foundational documents of democracy. The document contains 63 clauses that outline the rights of the people, including the right to a fair trial, protection from arbitrary arrest and imprisonment, and the right to own and inherit property. It also included provisions for the collection of taxes and the protection of the Church. The Magna Carta has had a lasting impact on law and politics around the world. The United States Constitution and the Bill of Rights both draw heavily on the principles outlined in the document, and it is seen as a hallmark of democratic governance.  Rubenstein plans to loan the Magna Carta to the National Archives in Washington, D.C. for a period of ten years, after which it will be returned to him for safekeeping. During its time at the National Archives, the document will be available for viewing by the public. The acquisition of the Magna Carta by Rubenstein is seen as a significant investment in the preservation of history and a symbol of the continued importance of the document in modern times. Its price tag may be high, but the value of the Magna Carta as a symbol of freedom and democracy is priceless.