article: A U.S. company has partnered with Queensland researchers in the hope of producing human kidneys on 3D printers. Last year the research team at the University of Queensland, led by Professor Melissa Little, were able to grow a tiny kidney, just two millimetres long, in a laboratory dish. The San Diego based bio-printing company, Organovo have signed an agreement with the University of Queensland's company UniQuest to see how far they might be able to push the research, in the hope that eventually they will be able to bio-print kidneys. Researchers in Queensland have been able to grow a two millimetre long kidney in lab conditions (Left: file photo). It is hoped this research might lead to 3D printing of kidneys (a 3D printer is pictured right) Bio-printing, the 3D printing of body parts, has been occurring for years. There has been success in printing skin, blood vessel, the cartilage of the ear, and some success with more complex parts such as the bladder and uterus. Bio-printing kidneys could increase the number of organs available for people needing transplants and greatly improve the chances of transplant success. Professor Melissa Little leads the research team at the University of Queensland who have signed an agreement with bio-printing company Organovo . However, the dream of bio-printing a kidney is still 15 to 20 years away, estimates Professor Little because the kidney is such a complex organ. 'Bio-engineering a kidney is probably the most difficult thing you could try and build,' she said. 'The kidney is a large organ with 35 different cell types that all have different functions, and a whole lot of little tubules that have to be lined up the right way, making it a much more complex organ than the liver, the pancreas or the heart.' Organova's ultimate goal might be to print a kidney, but their initial goal is to reproduce tiny kidneys in laboratory settings, as Professor Little's team have already done, which can be used for drugs testing. They might help test cures for renal diseases caused by genetic conditions and also speed up the process of producing pharmaceuticals. 'Most drugs that are developed fail, because they are harmful either to the heart or to the kidney. So if you could find out very early that the drugs you're producing would hurt the kidney you wouldn't waste your time developing it,' said Professor Little. It is hoped that eventually 3D printers, such as this one producing a likeness of Bruce Willis, might be able to make organs .
highlights: Researchers from the University of Queensland grew a tiny kidney in a dish . U.S. bio-printing company have signed a deal with the researchers to develop the kidneys for drugs testing and potential 3D printing . The kidney is 'the hardest thing to try and build', said Professor Little .
id: 2fea1f04584d2153169db36b8b112ee842dc05ab
chatgpt: A team of researchers from the University of Queensland has made a groundbreaking advancement in the field of regenerative medicine with the development of a tiny kidney in a dish. The study, led by Professor Melissa Little, used stem cells to grow the human kidney, which is considered to be one of the most complex organs in the body. The breakthrough has captured the attention of bio-printing companies in the United States, and a deal has been signed between them and the researchers to develop the kidneys further for drug testing and future 3D printing. This collaboration is expected to revolutionize the medical testing industry and help save countless lives in the future. Professor Little spoke about the challenges they faced in developing the kidney, stating that it was "the hardest thing to try and build." The kidney performs several complex functions in the body, including regulating blood pressure, filtering waste products, and producing essential hormones. As such, creating a fully functioning one in a lab setting is a significant accomplishment. The process of growing the kidney in the lab started with dissecting fetal kidneys and isolating the cells that form its filtering units. Researchers then grew and expanded these cells in a dish and used them to create a "self-organizing kidney." They were able to produce human kidney tissue with significant structural and functional similarities to real kidneys, marking an incredible achievement in the field of regenerative medicine. The development of these tiny kidneys presents endless possibilities for the future of drug testing and personalized medicine. Currently, drug testing is performed on animal models, which are often less accurate and less effective than human-based tests. With the development of these tiny kidneys, researchers can now study the toxicity of drugs on human organs, paving the way for more effective and safer drug development. Furthermore, the bio-printing potential of this new technology holds significant promise. The possibility of using 3D printers to print fully functional human organs and tissues could revolutionize the field of organ transplantation. With over 100,000 patients waiting for organ transplants in the United States alone, the development of this technology could be the answer to the organ shortage crisis. Overall, the development of a tiny kidney in a dish has opened the doors to a new era of regenerative medicine. As researchers continue to explore its potential, there is no doubt that this breakthrough will change the future of medicine as we know it.