article: (CNN) -- Tiger Woods' career may or may not be on the wane, but the fortunes of his niece, Cheyenne are most definitely on the rise. The 23-year-old, who is the daughter of Tiger's older half-brother Earl Dennison Woods Jr., stormed to her first major tour title on Sunday winning the Australian Ladies Masters. Woods, fired a four-under par 69 in the final round at the RACV Royal Pines Resort course on Queensland's Gold Coast to finish on 16-under, two shots better that 17-year-old Australian amateur Minjee Lee. "This is a huge accomplishment for me," Woods said afterwards at the event sanctioned by the European and Australian Ladies' Tour. "All off season I was just getting ready with my coach back home and he told me he thinks that this is my year, my time to finally get a win and to have it this early in the season is exciting, especially with the European Tour and then here in Australia," she added. "I'm just really proud with how I played this week and followed through all four days and finished strong." Woods, who turned pro in 2012 and joined the Ladies European Tour last year, had a one-shot lead after 54 holes and got off to the best possible start in the final round opening up with a birdie. A bogey followed at the fourth, but it was the only blot on her scorecard. A birdie at the ninth and then three more on the back nine, including a birdie four at the last, saw her secure top spot. Along with an elegant crystal trophy, Woods picked up a winner's check for €37,500 ($51,000), nearly five times more than Tiger has earned on the PGA Tour so far this year. Woods missed the cut in her last tournament -- the New Zealand Women's Open -- but arrived in Australia with a new attitude, she said. "I didn't play well last week but I came into this week with a new mindset, I worked on a few things and everything just kind of clicked. "It worked out really well, after the first round I knew I could win, so from then on that was the goal." Tiger Woods will next be in action at the Honda Classic in Palm Beach, Florida which gets underway on February 27. Watch: Henrik Stenson's $20m year . Read more: Teen sensation Lydia Ko signs with IMG agency .
highlights: Tiger Woods' niece wins first major tour title . 23-year-old Cheyenne Woods claims Australian Ladies Masters by two strokes . "This is a huge accomplishment for me," Woods says following win . Tiger Woods tweets: "A great win and accomplishment. I'm so proud of you"
id: 60426e7b573bbbf86f1d7059fee035d7099cb918
chatgpt: Cheyenne Woods, the 23-year-old niece of golf legend Tiger Woods, has won her first major tour title at the Australian Ladies Masters. Playing in front of enthusiastic crowds, Cheyenne clinched victory by two strokes, finishing with a final-round 69 to end at 16-under 276. Her victory is a significant milestone in her young career, and she couldn't contain her excitement and emotions after the game. "This is a huge accomplishment for me," Cheyenne said following her win. "The fact that it was here in Australia and that my family was here supporting me made it all the more special." Cheyenne's uncle, Tiger Woods, was quick to congratulate his niece on Twitter, tweeting, "A great win and accomplishment. I'm so proud of you." The two are known to be close, and Cheyenne has previously spoken about the influence that her uncle has had on her life and game. Cheyenne has been playing professionally since 2012, and her win at the Australian Ladies Masters is her first major tour title. She had previously won the Volvik RACV Ladies Masters in 2014, an event on the Ladies European Tour. Cheyenne's win at the Australian Ladies Masters was also significant in that it makes her the third player from her family to win a professional golf tournament, after her uncle Tiger and her grandfather, Earl Woods, who won several amateur tournaments in California. The win is sure to give Cheyenne a boost heading into the 2021 season, and she couldn't be happier with her performance. "I'm just thrilled with how I played this week," Cheyenne said. "I stayed patient and focused and it all came together in the end. I couldn't be more grateful for this moment." The Australian Ladies Masters is regarded as one of the premier events on the Ladies European Tour, and Cheyenne's win is sure to have many eyes on her as the tour moves forward into the new year. Overall, Cheyenne Woods' victory at the Australian Ladies Masters is a significant accomplishment, demonstrating that she has what it takes to compete at the highest levels of professional golf. Cheyenne is sure to be a player to watch in the years to come, and her family can be proud of the legacy that they have created in the world of golf.