article: By . Daily Mail Reporter and Associated Press . PUBLISHED: . 17:40 EST, 23 May 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 19:05 EST, 23 May 2013 . A would-be bride accused of driving a knife through her fiancé's heart on their wedding day last year has been convicted of murder. A jury in Allentown, Pennsylvania found Na Cola Franklin guilty of first-degree murder on Thursday, according to reports. Prosecutors said Franklin and her fiancé, 36-year-old Billy Brewster, got into an argument early in the morning on August 11, the day they were supposed to be married. Police said they found Brewster bleeding from his chest shortly after 2am in the home they shared with three children. Murder: Na Cola Franklin, left was convicted of killing her husband-to-be Billy Brewster, right, after stabbing him twice in the heart during an argument at their home . Defense attorney John Waldron says Brewster went home to their Whitehall Township apartment drunk after an impromptu bachelor party. He claimed that Brewster attacked Franklin and then tried to leave with the couple's 9-month-old son. Waldron argued Franklin, 32, grabbed a knife to protect her child. But prosecutors say that the child was not in danger, and claimed that Franklin showed no signs of being assaulted by Brewster. Brewster's cousin Nakia Kali and his wife Monique - who were staying at the home with his wife for the wedding - testified that Franklin was the one being violent, and they never saw Brewster hit her, The Morning Call reported. The couple said that after returning to the apartment shortly after . midnight, they overheard an argument between Brewster and Franklin. Landing: After being stabbed twice in the chest, Brewster crawled to the second floor landing outside of the apartment he shared with Franklin and three children . When . Mr Kali went to see what was going on, he got in between the fighting . couple and tried to break up the argument. Mrs Kali only entered the . fight when she heard someone scream 'knife'. After . seeing blood on the left side of Brewster's chest and her husband . standing in between Brewster and the knife-wieldling Franklin, Mrs Kali said she 'instinctively tackled' the woman. During the episode, an injured Brewster crawled to the outdoor landing of the home, where police found him when they arrived on the scene. He was transported to Lehigh Valley Hospital and was pronounced dead at 3.24am. The jury of fivewomen and seven men deliberated for just three hours before returning a guilty verdict, The Morning Call reported. Scene: The fight took place inside the apartment around 2am on Saturday morning, just eight hours before the couple were due to be married .
highlights: Na Cola Franklin, 31, convicted of killing her husband-to-be on their wedding day last year . She was accused of stabbing Billy Brewster through the heart twice during an argument hours before they were to be married . Defense attorney claimed that she was assaulted by Brewster and was protecting herself and her child .
id: 61911d293321cb324b039850cb961210dc08febc
chatgpt: Na Cola Franklin, 31, has been convicted of the murder of her husband-to-be, Billy Brewster, on their wedding day last year. The jury found Franklin guilty of stabbing Brewster twice in the heart during an argument, just hours before they were set to tie the knot. The prosecution argued that Franklin, who had a history of violence, was angry and upset that Brewster had invited an ex-girlfriend to the wedding. They painted her as a jealous and possessive partner who couldn't control her emotions. The defense countered that Franklin was acting in self-defense, and had been assaulted by Brewster earlier in the evening. The trial was filled with emotional testimony from both sides. Brewster's family and friends tearfully recounted the impact his death had on their lives, while Franklin's family defended her actions, claiming that she was a loving mother who had been pushed to the brink by years of abuse. Ultimately, the jury sided with the prosecution, finding Franklin guilty of first-degree murder. She now faces life in prison without the possibility of parole. The case has sparked debate around the issue of domestic violence, and whether Franklin should have been given more leniency for acting in self-defense. Some argue that women who defend themselves from abusive partners should not be punished for fighting back, while others claim that violence is never the answer and that Franklin should be held accountable for her actions. Despite the controversial nature of the case, it is clear that a tragedy occurred on what should have been a joyous day for both families. Brewster's death has left a hole in the hearts of those who loved him, while Franklin's life will never be the same now that she is behind bars. As for the wedding that never was, it serves as a poignant reminder that life is fragile and that we should cherish every moment we have with those we love. The flowers wilted, the cake went uneaten, and the wedding dress never made it down the aisle. But the memories of what could have been will linger on, a bittersweet reminder of a day that started with hope and ended in tragedy.