article: (CNN) -- A fierce weather system -- featuring baseball-sized hail and multiple tornadoes -- ripped through Colorado on Wednesday afternoon, spurring warnings to people in and around Denver to take cover. The frenzy was tied to a dangerous super cell thunderstorm that, in addition to heaps of hail, produced a number of twisters, according to storm chasers on the scene. The National Weather Service said there were reported tornado touchdowns in Watkins, East Denver, Aurora, Byers and Leader. One witness, Jeff Piotrowski, said shortly after 3 p.m. (5 p.m. ET) that he had personally seen five tornadoes on the ground not far from Denver International Airport. "This thing is spinning up multiple tornadoes," Piotrowski told CNN's Wolf Blitzer. "There were tornadoes on the outer ring of the circulation, ... and then there's the main tornado vortex closer to the storm." One of those got within about a mile of the Denver airport, only to move past it, according to Piotrowski. The airport wasn't struck directly, though it was certainly affected. Six planes in Denver-based Frontier Airlines' fleet had to be taken out of service due to hail damage, company spokeswoman Kate O'Malley said. And the airport's Twitter feed reported 38 flights were diverted and average delays of 90 minutes, not to mention the ordeal of removing hail and water from the airfield. iReporter: 'This is the first time I've seen anything like this' While those delays subsided, by later Wednesday night travelers were dealing with a different problem: Sections of Tower Road and nearby streets were closed due to flooding, according to a Commerce City press release. Likewise, the city of Denver and neighboring municipalities appear to have escaped without significant damage. The heart of the system then moved into more rural areas. Even if these areas escape without severe wind damage, the hail -- some as big as baseballs, according to storm chaser Mark "Storm" Farnik -- made an impact in more ways than one. The weather service's Boulder branch retweeted a photo of about 6 inches of accumulated hail in Denver's Green Valley Ranch, plus another showing Highway 470 restricted to one lane because of the hard, white stuff. For most of the evening, much of northern Colorado -- as well as several counties in Wyoming -- were under tornado watches. Those advisories later expired. The storms continued to produce heavy rain and relatively small hail that contributed to minor street flooding in places like Boulder, Loveland and Fort Collins, according to the National Weather Service.
highlights: NEW: Airline: Hail damages 6 Frontier planes; delays throughout Denver airport . Agency: Tornado reports in Watkins, East Denver, Aurora, Byers and Leader . A storm chaser says the system was once "spinning up multiple tornadoes" This is in addition to large hail that contributed to Denver flight delays, other issues .
id: acddc0d87c04e7a1749d50aa028d739c99caf663
chatgpt: Denver passengers experienced significant flight delays yesterday as hailstorms pelted the airport and damaged six Frontier planes. The extreme weather stretched from Watkins to Leader, with reports of multiple tornadoes from storm chasers. The National Weather Service reported a severe thunderstorm warning for Aurora, Watkins, Byers, and East Denver. According to Frontier Airlines spokesperson, Stacey Stegman, "The hail was so severe that it damaged six of our aircraft in Denver." Frontier Airlines cancelled a total of 30 flights, and significantly delayed 18 flights on Sunday afternoon, with further cancellations and delays predicted as the airline assesses the extent of the damage to its aircraft. Weather highlights show the radar and satellite views of the storm indicate what meteorologists call a short-lived organization in the storm with a possible tornado that developed north of Watkins. "From my vantage point, this storm was spinning up multiple tornadoes," said stormchaser Bryan Snyder to a local news outlet. The storm has impacted much of the Denver-metro area, and though some concentrated areas of hail have been observed near the airport, the airport is not as heavily affected as some other Denver-metro locations. Passengers took to Twitter to document their frustration, with some noting communication was poor, and they felt left in the dark. One frustrated flyer said, "Communication with all parties involved during this disaster has been horribly inconsistent." On the other hand, others praised the airline for safety and urged fellow passengers to understand the importance of safety before embarking on a journey. It is now uncertain when regular services will resume for Frontier airlines as damage assessment continues, and more details emerge. "Our team of professionals is working diligently to assist all passengers impacted by these changes," said Stegman. In Aurora, the storm caused some street flooding and knocked down some trees, while in Watkins, there were some reports of damage in the town. The National Weather Service confirmed that a tornado warning was in effect for eastern Colorado, and the agency continued to keep a close eye on the weather patterns in Denver for most of the day yesterday. The mayor of Aurora encouraged residents to take the Weather Service warning seriously, and reminded those affected by the storm to take precautions where necessary. The authorities are urging community members to take great care when traveling in or around the Denver-metro area, suggest checking airline websites frequently or reaching out to airlines directly for further information.