article: By . Daily Mail Reporter and Associated Press . PUBLISHED: . 09:07 EST, 23 November 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 11:20 EST, 23 November 2013 . Zumba prostitute Alexis Wright has been released from jail after serving nearly six months behind bars - bringing to a close a scandal featuring sex videos, adultery and a client list with more than 100 names. Wright, 30, admitted to running a prostitution business from her fitness studio in downtown Kennebunk, Maine. She also confessed to tax evasion and conspiracy charges. She walked out of the York County Jail Saturday morning wearing a gray suit and clutching a stack of folders. Free: Alexis Wright walked out of the York County this morning a free woman after serving nearly six months in prison for prostitution and tax evasion . Going home: Wright's husband, Jason Trowbridge, was waiting for her in an SUV outside when she got out of jail . Asked about her time in jail she said, 'I have no comment.' She then stepped into a waiting sport utility vehicle driven by her husband, Jason Trowbridge. Trowbridge has stuck by his wife and the mother of his young son, despite allegations that she had sex with more than 100 men - and one woman - for money. Wright served nearly six months in jail and was released early for good behavior . Wright served six months of a 10-month sentence after she received credit for good behavior and participating in a work program. The scandal erupted a year ago in an unlikely place, a small town known for its beaches, New England charm and proximity to former President George H.W. Bush's seaside estate in Kennebunkport. Wright's prostitution business came as a surprise to her fitness clients but not to police officers who'd become suspicious after fielding complaints about groaning, loud music and men coming and going from an office Wright rented across the street from her studio. According to police, her business partner, Mark Strong of Thomaston, watched the sexual encounters unfold in real time on a computer in his insurance business office. In a twist at her sentencing, . Wright divulged that she believed her business partner had tricked her into believing she was a secret operative investigating sexual deviance. Scandalous: Revelations that Wright had sex with at least 100 men in her Zumba exercise studio rocked the small town of Kennebunk, Maine . Co-conspirator: Mark W. Strong was accused of being Wright's business partner and helping to organize the prostitution business. He served 20 days in jail . Prosecutors didn't buy Wright's story, saying investigators continue to believe the 30-year-old Wright was "a willing participant" in the prostitution business. Detailed records over an 18-month period indicated Wright made $150,000 tax-free. She also collected more than $40,000 in public assistance, prosecutors said. Strong, a 58-year-old married father of two, acknowledged having an affair with Wright and helping her start the fitness studio but said he didn't profit from the prostitution. He was convicted of 13 counts related to promotion of prostitution and sentenced to 20 days in jail.
highlights: Alexis Wright was released early from 10-month sentence after getting credit for good behavior . Stepped into waiting SUV driven by her husband Jason Trowbirdge .
id: 5132ffa45f8a4a52167a434f34c8e9791920e73c
chatgpt: Alexis Wright, the former Zumba instructor who was convicted for running a prostitution business in a Kennebunk, Maine, has been released early from her 10-month sentence after earning credit for good behavior. Wright walked out of the York County Jail last Thursday, and was greeted by her husband Jason Trowbirdge, who was driving their waiting SUV. Wright was initially sentenced in May of this year, after pleading guilty to 20 counts of prostitution, conspiracy, tax evasion, and other charges. She was originally sentenced to serve 10 months of her 10-year sentence, in addition to 12 months of probation. Now, after earning credit for good behavior, Wright is free from the York County Jail. Wright is perhaps best known for running a prostitution business out of her fitness studio in Kennebunk. The operation, which ran from 2010 to 2012, implicated dozens of clients, including former mayor of Kennebunk, James Soule. Wright was eventually caught in an investigation that garnered national media attention. According to a statement from the York County Sheriff's Office, Wright's release was "unremarkable." She simply walked out of the jail and got into the waiting SUV with her husband. The statement also noted that her early release was not a result of any special treatment, but rather a reflection of her good behavior while serving her sentence. Wright's attorney, Sarah Churchill, has praised her client's behavior during her time in jail, describing her as a model inmate. "Alexis has worked hard to rehabilitate herself and we're pleased that she's been given this opportunity to start over," Churchill said in a statement. Wright's case has been a controversial one from the start, with some arguing that she was unfairly targeted by law enforcement for running an operation that may have been consensual. Others have criticized her for exploiting vulnerable women and breaking the law. Regardless of where one falls on the spectrum of opinions surrounding Wright's case, it's clear that she has paid a heavy personal and professional price for her crimes. She lost her business, her reputation, and was sentenced to serve time in jail. While her early release may be controversial, it is also a reflection of her rehabilitation and good behavior while serving her sentence. As for Wright herself, she is said to be focusing on rebuilding her life and spending time with her family. There has been no word yet on whether she plans to return to her former profession as a fitness instructor or if she intends to pursue other career opportunities. In any case, Wright's early release serves as a reminder that while the criminal justice system can punish and rehabilitate, it can also reward those who show genuine remorse and a willingness to improve themselves. The true test of Wright's character will be how she chooses to move forward from this experience.