article: With his menacing grin and a devilish look in his eye, does this shark remind you of anyone? He's a dead ringer for Bruce, the great white from hit 2003 children's film Finding Nemo. As movie fans will know, Bruce (voiced by Barry Humphries) is a friendly shark who tries – not always successfully – to resist the urge to eat other fish. Scroll down for video . The shark photographed by Mike Korostelev in South Africa resembled Bruce from Finding Nemo . Bruce (pictured) is a friendly shark who tries – not always successfully – to resist the urge to eat other fish . The shark above turned out to be pretty friendly too. It was one of 20 blacktip and tiger sharks that swarmed around photographer Mike Korostelev off the coast of KwaZulu-Natal in South Africa. They munched on floating bait, leaving Mr Korostelev free to take this snap. Mr Korostelev said: 'Swimming with sharks is like stress relief for me. What could be better? 'It is not very dangerous if you know what are you doing and how to do it correctly and safely. 'Sharks are not interested in humans. They need only a tasty fish to satisfy their hunger. 'You just have to keep everything under control. Do not wave your hands and try to keep the sharks in sight at all times. 'Sometimes they will even collide with you, bump into the camera, but nothing bad happens.' The photographer, who runs an adventure travel company, says taking pictures of sharks 'is not dangerous' The 32-year-old, who runs an adventure travel company and a group of divers placed bait into the water around their boat to entice the sharks. Within a few minutes they were surrounded by blacktip and tiger sharks. In search of a free meal, the sharks quickly devoured the fish - completely ignoring the humans in their territory. Describing the dive, he added: 'The main problem when shooting sharks in South Africa is that there are too many! Everything is teeming with sharks. 'They're everywhere - swarming around your face, crashing into the camera, their sensitive noses poking into your legs. 'Therefore, to make a picture is extremely difficult. 'At the beginning of the dive, there was around seven sharks. But by the end we counted 20 already around us.'
highlights: Photographer pictured shark in SA that resembled Finding Nemo's Bruce . Shark was one of 20 that swarmed around photographer Mike Korostelev . He took the pictures off the coast of KwaZulu-Natal in South Africa .
id: 5d76b3141dd8bae8c5c577e83894fb20539a43b3
chatgpt: A photographer from South Africa has captured an incredible image of a shark that bore a striking resemblance to the animated character Bruce from the Pixar film Finding Nemo. Mike Korostelev snapped the picture while off the coast of KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa. Korostelev was one of only a handful of people who were fortunate enough to witness an incredible sight- the sighting of twenty sharks cruising the waters. He managed to capture some amazing images of the sharks, including the one that sparked comparisons to the lovable character in Finding Nemo, Bruce. The photographer was thrilled with the encounter, stating that it was an incredible experience to be surrounded by so many sharks. He said that the sharks were very curious, coming up very close to him and checking him out. The shark that resembled Bruce, in particular, caught his eye. The comparison was uncanny- the shark had a broad and toothy grin that looked just like the beloved character from the animated classic. Bruce was just one of the sharks that orbited the photographer, making for an unforgettable experience. The waters off the coast of South Africa can be treacherous, and sightings of large sharks are not uncommon. Korostelev's pictures serve as a reminder of the diversity of marine life that calls these waters home. Sharks, in particular, are critical for maintaining the delicate balance of the ocean ecosystem. Since he shared the images of his encounter on social media, Korostelev has become something of a celebrity. Fans of the film have been blown away by the uncanny resemblance between the shark and Bruce. Others have expressed admiration for the photographer's bravery in getting so close to the sharks. All in all, Korostelev's shark encounter was one to be remembered. His photographs are a testament to the beauty and power of the ocean, and to the majesty of the creatures that call it home. They serve as a reminder that while we may think we know everything there is to know about the ocean and its inhabitants, there will always be something new and surprising waiting just below the surface.