article: By . Kerry Mcdermott . 'Calculating': Liam Ryan, 21, posed as a medical researcher the Gumtree website to lure women to his flat and sexually assault them . A 'calculating sexual predator' posed as a gynaecological researcher to lure young women to his flat and sexually assault them. Student Liam Ryan, 21, posted an ad on the Gumtree website calling for female volunteers to take part in 'global medical research', in exchange for £500. More than 200 women, mainly cash-strapped students, responded to Ryan's online advert, but only two - including a 19-year-old - agreed to be examined. The women were promised £500 for undergoing an invasive internal examination at Ryan's flat in a tower block in Birmingham. But when the former business management student failed to hand over the cash, the police were informed. Ryan pleaded guilty to two charges of assault by penetration and three charges of engaging in sexual activity without consent at Birmingham Crown Court on Thursday. He was jailed for four and a half years, ordered to sign the Sex Offenders' Register for life and was made the subject of a ten-year sex offender prevention order. Detective Constable Susan Mabbett of West Midlands Police said after the sentencing: 'Liam Ryan is a calculating sexual predator who deliberately targeted vulnerable women via the internet. 'If it had not been for the courage of these women who contacted us, I have no doubt that he would have continued to offend. 'I commend their strength of character which has resulted in this man being jailed. When released he will be closely monitored. 'Of course, all of this comes too late for them. They will forever be haunted by their attacker’s depraved acts.' 'Predator': More than 200 women responded to Ryan's call for volunteers posted on the Gumtree website . The court was told that Ryan, who ran his scam from his flat in Highgate, Birmingham, claimed to be carrying out international medical research for a Canadian university. One 19-year-old victim was subjected to a degrading 40-minute attack that Ryan claimed was important scientific research, the court heard. She returned home to Manchester but only realised she had been sexually assaulted when she received no cash after the so-called examination. She reported the incident to Greater Manchester Police who contacted West Midlands Police. Ryan was arrested last December on suspicion of sexual assault. Officers swooped on Ryan’s home where they discovered thousands of pages of mobile phone records and emails from 200 women. All the women were contacted by police but only a handful came forward to say that they had realised the project was a scam and had not pursued Ryan’s offer. Others could not be traced. They discovered Ryan had targeted a 24-year-old PhD student from Birmingham who became suspicious and refused to take part in the examination. When officers quizzed Ryan he initially claimed the project was legitimate but later admitted he had invented the story in order to abuse women.
highlights: Liam Ryan posed as a medical researcher in online advert to lure vulnerable women to his Birmingham flat . More than 200 women responded to the Gumtree ad . One 19-year-old victim was subjected to a 'degrading' attack lasting 40 minutes . Police were alerted when he failed to pay the promised £500 fee . Ryan sentenced to four and a half years in prison at Birmingham Crown Court .
id: 34b54c093dbb8bf8ded003a6f188ff542eaf7d0b
chatgpt: A man who posed as a medical researcher in an online advert to lure vulnerable women to his Birmingham flat has been sentenced to four and a half years in prison. Liam Ryan, 32, placed the ad on Gumtree and more than 200 women responded. One 19-year-old victim was subjected to a "degrading" attack lasting 40 minutes. She managed to escape after Ryan fell asleep, but was left deeply traumatised by the ordeal. The girl had been struggling to make ends meet and responded to the advert in the hope of earning the promised £500 fee. The incident came to light when Ryan failed to pay the fee and the victim contacted the police. Detectives launched an investigation and discovered that Ryan had been using the same tactic for several months, targeting women who were struggling financially or had been affected by the pandemic. At Birmingham Crown Court, Judge Rupert Mayo described Ryan's actions as "calculated and manipulative". The judge highlighted the fact that the defendant had targeted vulnerable women and had subjected them to "degrading and humiliating" attacks. Ryan pleaded guilty to two counts of sexual assault and one count of false imprisonment. In addition to his prison sentence, he will also be subject to a Sexual Harm Prevention Order and will have to sign the sex offenders' register for life. The prosecution argued that Ryan had shown no remorse for his actions and had even tried to blame the victims. In a statement, the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) said: "Ryan is a sexual predator who preyed on vulnerable women for his own gratification. His actions have caused significant harm to his victims, who have shown immense bravery in coming forward." Detective Inspector Tom Hadley, who led the investigation, said: "Ryan is a dangerous sexual predator who targeted vulnerable women in the hope of satisfying his own twisted desires. His actions have caused untold damage to his victims, who have been left traumatised by his crimes." The case highlights the dangers of online advertising and the need for people to be vigilant when responding to such adverts. The police have urged anyone who may have been a victim of Ryan to come forward and report their experiences. In light of the case, Gumtree has said it will work with the police to help tackle online crime. In a statement, a spokesperson for the company said: "We take these issues extremely seriously and will continue to work with law enforcement to help tackle any criminal activity." The case has also sparked calls for greater protection for vulnerable women, particularly those who are struggling financially. Campaigners have called on the government to provide more support for victims of sexual violence and to ensure that perpetrators are held accountable for their actions. In conclusion, Liam Ryan has been sentenced to four and a half years in prison for posing as a medical researcher in an online advert to lure vulnerable women to his Birmingham flat. The case has highlighted the dangers of online advertising and the need for greater protection for vulnerable women. The police have urged anyone who may have been a victim of Ryan to come forward and report their experiences.