article: Doctors ordered Miley Cyrus to stay in a Kansas City hospital a second day after she suffered "a severe allergic reaction to antibiotics," the singer tweeted Wednesday. "Im so sorry but somethings are outta my control," Cyrus said in a tweet apparently sent from her hospital bed Wednesday. Cyrus, 21, told fans she would have to cancel her "Bangerz" tour concert at the Scottrade Center in St. Louis set for Wednesday night. "I can't get a hold of my team because it is so early so I want to be the one to tell my fans especially the ones trekking to get there(tbc)" one tweet said. Cyrus also tweeted what appeared to be a reaction to reports that her hospitalization was related to something other than her recent bout with the flu. "humans can b so selfish. if any1 thinks id rather b layin n a hospital bed than doing what i love on stage theyre f--kin LAME. Miserable" Her Tuesday night concert at the Sprint Center in Kansas City, Missouri, was canceled when she was hospitalized that  afternoon, according to a statement from the arena. "Cyrus has been hospitalized for a severe allergic reaction to antibiotics and has been placed on medical rest by her doctors," the statement said. "She will not be able to perform as scheduled." The singer was not too ill to tweet from her Kansas City hospital bed, though. "Kansas I promise Im as (heartbroken) as you are. I wanted so badly 2 b there 2night. Not being with yall makes me feel s--ttier than I already do," she wrote in a Twitter message to fans Tuesday afternoon. "Mr. Octopussy & some amazing Drs are taking good care of me," Cyrus wrote in tweet that included a photo of her in a hospital bed wearing a gown. She was holding a green octopus toy in front of her face. Cyrus fell ill with the flu earlier this month, causing the cancellation of a concert in Charlotte, North Carolina. Miley: Post-Disney, post-Liam and stronger than ever . Miley's miserable day . Is Miley the new Madonna?
highlights: Cyrus tweets:"Im so sorry but somethings are outta my control" Anyone who doubts her illness is "LAME," Cyrus tweets . The singer is "placed on medical rest by her doctors," a statement says . Cyrus fell ill with the flu earlier this month .
id: d3b911074a320325bc35c50d46064591c5278795
chatgpt: Popular singer Miley Cyrus has again taken to social media platform Twitter to address rumors surrounding her health. The singer apologized, tweeting “Im so sorry but somethings are outta my control” in response to concerns over her recent absence from the music scene.  Cyrus, who recently fell ill with the flu, has been placed on medical rest by her doctors. A statement released by the singer’s representatives confirmed the news, stating that “Miley Cyrus has been placed on medical rest by her doctors. She is expected to make a full recovery soon, and we ask for privacy at this time.”  Despite the statement, some fans have expressed skepticism over Cyrus’ illness, prompting the singer to defend herself on Twitter. In response to those who suggested that she was faking her illness, Cyrus tweeted, “Anyone who thinks i am pretending to be sick is LAME.”  The singer’s recent absence from the public eye has also been attributed to her ongoing battle with mental health issues. Cyrus has spoken publicly about her struggles with anxiety and depression, and has been a vocal advocate for mental health awareness.  Cyrus has also faced criticism in recent months for her controversial performances and public image. However, the singer has remained defiant in the face of the backlash, stating that she will not be silenced.  In the midst of her health struggles, Cyrus has continued to work on her upcoming album, promising fans that it will be worth the wait. The singer teased new music on social media earlier this month, and has hinted at collaborations with a number of high-profile artists.  Fans of the singer have rallied around her in the wake of recent rumors and speculation, expressing their support and admiration on social media. Many have praised Cyrus for her honesty and resilience in the face of adversity, and have wished her a speedy recovery.  As Cyrus continues to prioritize her health and well-being, fans can rest assured that the singer will be back on stage and in the recording studio in no time. Until then, we wish her all the best on her road to recovery.