article: By . Craig Hope . Follow @@CraigHope01 . Rio Ferdinand says he would have stayed on at Manchester United after Ryan Giggs made it clear he wanted to keep him at the club. Giggs - in caretaker charge of United following the sacking of David Moyes at the end of last season - told Ferdinand he wanted him to sign a new deal at Old Trafford, should he remain at the helm. But the impending arrival of Louis van Gaal saw Giggs handed the assistant manager’s role and Ferdinand was released by the club at the end of the season. VIDEO Scroll down for Rio Ferdinand: Finishing career with Harry Redknapp is a fairytale . Intense: Rio Ferdinand is ready to start the season away from Old Trafford after a long spell in Manchester . New signing: Ferdinand poses with Harry Redknapp and his new No 5 shirt at QPR on Monday . Leading the way: Ferdinand spoke to the press about the coming season with his new club in London . Eager to get started: The former Manchester United man and his new boss listen in to the questions . The 35-year-old signed for Queens Park Rangers earlier this month, but says he would have remained at United under Giggs. ‘When he (Giggs) took over he made it clear I would have stayed and been part of his plans,’ he said at his R’s unveiling on Monday. ‘But in football things change quickly and the new manager came in and things went a different way.’ He added: ‘(Would you have stayed?) I made it clear (I would) but at the end of the season they told me I was leaving the club and that happens in football. ‘I’m just happy to be here now. I started my career with Harry Redknapp at West Ham and to finish my career with him is a fairytale.’ Considered answers: Ferdinand addressed some issues about his time at United during the conference . Back in action: Ferdinand made his debut against RasenBallsport Leipzig in a friendly at the weekend . Familiar look: Ferdinand in the red of United . New in blue: Ferdinand poses at Loftus Road . Serial winner: Ferdinand celebrates what will likely be his last Premier League title with Michael Carrick in 2013 .
highlights: Former Reds centre back was talking at his QPR unveiling . He claimed Giggs would have kept him on had he been made manager . But the United board appointed Van Gaal and No 5 was seen as surplus . Ferdinand is now working for a 'fairytale' career ending with QPR . 35-year-old is excited to work under Harry Redknapp's tutelage again .
id: dc5e8c143ebd8f160d319bd306a192117c5056d3
chatgpt: Former Manchester United defender Rio Ferdinand has hinted that he could still be playing for the club had Ryan Giggs been appointed manager. Speaking at his unveiling as a Queens Park Rangers player, Ferdinand claimed that he was deemed surplus to requirements under Louis Van Gaal's reign. The 35-year-old centre back added that he was excited to be part of a new "fairytale" career ending with QPR, working under Harry Redknapp's tutelage once again. Ferdinand, who played for Manchester United for 12 years, admitted that he was disappointed with the way his time at the club ended. He revealed his belief that he would have remained at the club if Giggs was appointed as manager, saying: "I felt I needed a new challenge, to be honest. If Ryan had got the job, then I probably would have stayed, yeah." However, with Van Gaal taking over as manager, Ferdinand was deemed surplus to requirements, and the Dutchman went about restructuring the team. Despite this, Ferdinand said he had no ill feelings towards Van Gaal or the club: "Listen, I know what football's like. Manchester United are going to move on, with or without me." Ferdinand's move to QPR marks a return to London for the star, who was born and raised in the city. Ferdinand revealed that he was looking forward to reigniting his partnership with Redknapp, who he played under at West Ham United. He said: "To work under Harry again, it's something that I'm excited about. I first worked with him when I was 14 years old, so it's going back to my roots really." Ferdinand's signing is a major coup for QPR, who are looking to bounce back from last season's relegation. Redknapp was full of praise for the defender, saying: "He's still got so much to offer. He's a tremendous player and a fantastic professional." Ferdinand echoed his new manager's sentiments, saying: "There's a great opportunity to do something special here. I want to be a part of that, to help the team and the club achieve its goals. It's going to be a fairytale ending for me, I hope." With Ferdinand now settled in at his new club, he will be looking to hit the ground running and help QPR fight back up the table. QPR fans will undoubtedly be hoping that Ferdinand's experience and leadership will prove vital as the team looks to build on last year's struggles.