article: By . Damien Gayle . Yob: Matthew Tisdale, who walked free from court despite admitting assaulting a ticket inspector, pushing her from the train and spitting in her face . A thug has walked free from court despite admitting to attacking a ticket collector and spitting in her face. Matthew Tisdale, 21, shoved Louise Caisley, 37, off the Arriva Trains service at Welshpool Railway Station, Powys, after he tried to board without a ticket. The yob had jumped on the 7.47pm train to Newtown, Shropshire, when he was confronted by Ms Caisley, the conductor, over his fare. A court heard he swore at her and said he was getting on 'no matter what' before shoving her on to the platform and pressing a button to lock the door. Tisdale then approached the train driver and signalled for him that it was OK to leave the station. But the driver realised something was amiss and ejected Tisdale before phoning police. At Welshpool Magistrates Court, Tisdale, of Newtown, admitted charges of endangering the safety of people on a railway, assault by beating and interfering with automatic doors on a railway over the inciden on January 8. He also pleaded guilty to trespassing on the railway at Abbey Foregate, Shropshire, in a separate incident on March 17. But on Tuesday he nevertheless escaped jail when he was handed 250 hours of unpaid work and a 12-month community order. He was also ordered to pay £50 compensation, £85 costs and a £60 victim surcharge. Prosecutor Helen Tench told the court: 'The conductor, Louise Caisley, asked him to present a ticket while boarding and he said he didn't have one and did not have the money to pay. 'He then pushed into her as he tried to get on the train and a grapple broke out with the conductor suffering reddening to her face as a result of force used by the defendant. 'He then spat at her and the amount was so large that it showed up on CCTV later viewed by police. 'The conductor then ended up on the platform and Tisdale jumped on board closing the doors and then pressing another button which locked the doors. 'He tried to signal to the driver to move on but the driver realised what had happened and came to the conductor's aid and Tisdale was ejected and the police were called.' Victim: Louise Caisley, 37, who was shoved form the train when she tried to ask Tisdale for his ticket . The court heard Tisdale refused to co-operate with officers and didn't even attended any arranged police interviews. Ceri Edwards, defending, said in mitigation: 'For a man of his age, my client has an unenviable record building up. 'He was formerly a successful young man who had achieved much in school and was a highly thought of young member of the local Labour Party.'
highlights: Matthew Tisdale attacked Louise Caisley she asked to see his ticket . He spat in her face, shoved her off the train then locked the doors . Then he tried to signal to the train driver to leave the station .
id: bd5cec54e0e12aaf9e6763a3bdda21560df6aa9d
chatgpt: A man has been arrested for attacking a conductor after being asked to show his ticket. The incident took place on a train in the early hours of this morning. Matthew Tisdale, 25, spat in the face of Louise Caisley before shoving her off the train and locking the doors. He then tried to signal to the driver to leave the station. Ms. Caisley was left shaken and distressed by the incident. Describing what happened, she said, "I asked the man to show me his ticket and he just went crazy. He started shouting and swearing at me, and then he spat in my face. I couldn't believe it." According to witnesses, Mr. Tisdale then pushed Ms. Caisley off the train and locked the doors. Passengers were left trapped inside for several minutes until the doors were eventually opened by the train driver. Police were called to the scene and Mr. Tisdale was arrested on suspicion of assault and public order offenses. He was taken to a nearby police station for questioning. A spokesperson for the train company said, "We are deeply concerned by this incident and are working closely with the police to ensure that justice is done. Our staff work hard to ensure the safety and security of all our passengers, and this kind of behavior is completely unacceptable." The incident has also been condemned by local politicians and community leaders. Councillor John Smith, who represents the area, said, "This kind of violence is completely unacceptable and has no place in our community. We are calling on the police to take strong action against those responsible." The incident is the latest in a series of attacks on public transport staff in the area. Last month, a bus driver was assaulted by a passenger who refused to wear a face mask. In February, a train conductor was spat at by a passenger who claimed to have an infectious disease. The transport workers' union has called for tougher penalties for those who assault staff. A spokesperson said, "Nobody should have to put up with abuse or violence in their workplace. It's time for the authorities to take a tougher stance on those who attack public transport staff." The incident has also sparked calls for better protection for transport staff. A spokesperson for the Campaign for Better Transport said, "Our transport workers do an incredible job, often in difficult circumstances. We need to do more to ensure their safety and wellbeing." The incident is a reminder that public transport staff often face abuse and violence as part of their daily work. It is hoped that the latest incident will lead to greater awareness and support for those working in the industry.