article: By . Corey Charlton . The theft of an American flag from the family of a firefighter killed in September 11 is causing heartache as they desperately plead for its return. The flag stolen from the front of Melissa Brengel's Long Island property was flown over the World Trade Center during the recovery and cleanup and was later gifted to her from the September 11 Families Association. Her brother Jonathan Ielpi was a New York firefighter killed in the . terrorist attacks on the morning of September 11, 2001. Firefighter Jonathan Ielpi, left, was killed in the September 11 attacks on the World Trade Center. His sister, Melissa Brengel is now pleading for the return of the flag that was given to her in his memory . NBC New York reported Mrs Brengel said the flag was still at the front of her property when she returned home about 10.30pm on Monday, but it had disappeared some time during the night. 'We put it out during certain times of the year just to remember,' she said. 'I don't think there's a way [the thief] could have known, but at the same time, they're coming onto my property and taking something that means so much to me and so many Americans.' Jonathan Ielpi, 29, phoned his father Lee on the day of the attack to tell him he was en route to the site. He did not make it out of the south tower. His father is also a firefighter and is a co-founder of Tribute WTC, which pays homage to the victims of the attack. It is not the first time the insensitive handling of her brother's passing and his memory has caused heartache. Last year Brengel was outraged after the cast member of a reality TV show was depicted in a photo shoot acting flippantly around her brother's memorial. She was watching the Bravo reality TV show ‘Princesses: Long Island’ when she saw one of the cast members began to act imprudently around the statue of the firefighter who was her brother. She later said she felt her blood boil: 'It may not be against the law to do it, but it is the most disrespectful and disgusting that I think you can do,' she said. She now hopes the flag thief will hear of its significance, have a change of heart and return it.
highlights: Family pleads for return of stolen flag that was a gift in memory of family member killed at the World Trade Center September 11 attack . Flag was flown during the site cleanup and recovery and was given to Melissa Brengel by the September 11 Families Association . Her brother Jonathan Ielpi was 29 when he died, never making it out of the south tower after a phone call to his father telling him he was en route .
id: 12f25470a388f067e3aafd1a1a975a2b910b1b98
chatgpt: The family of Jonathan Ielpi, a victim of the September 11th terrorist attack, is appealing to the public to help them recover a stolen flag. The flag, which was given to Melissa Brengel in memory of her brother by the September 11 Families Association, is of great sentimental value to the family. The flag was flown at the site of the World Trade Center cleanup and recovery efforts and was given to Melissa Brengel as a gift. Her brother, Jonathan Ielpi, was one of the 2,977 victims who lost their lives on September 11, 2001, never making it out of the south tower after a phone call to his father telling him he was en route. For years, the flag has been a cherished family heirloom and a poignant reminder of Jonathan's sacrifice and patriotism. However, on September 12, 2021, the family discovered that the flag had been stolen, leaving them heartbroken and desperate for its safe return. Melissa Brengel and her family are pleading with the public for help in recovering the stolen flag. "This flag is of immense sentimental value to our family," said Brengel. "It was flown to honor my brother's memory and to commemorate the bravery and sacrifice of all the first responders who worked tirelessly to save lives in the aftermath of the attack. We are pleading with whoever took it to return it to us. It belongs with our family, where it can continue to be a tribute to Jonathan and to all the other victims of September 11th." The family has reported the theft to the police and is offering a reward for any information that could lead to the safe return of the flag. They are asking anyone who may have information about the flag's whereabouts or who may have seen it to come forward, and are urging the person who took it to return it, no questions asked. The theft of the flag has not only caused immense emotional distress to the family, but it is also considered a crime against the nation's collective memory of the September 11th attacks. As the country prepares to commemorate the 20th anniversary of the tragedy, the recovery of this stolen flag would be a symbol of hope and healing for all those who were affected by the events of that day. The family hopes that their public appeal will reach the hearts of the person or persons responsible for the theft, and that the flag will be returned to its rightful place with them.