article: WASHINGTON (CNN) -- The Bush administration cleared the way Thursday for federal agencies to skip consultations with government scientists when embarking on projects that could impact endangered wildlife, the interior secretary said. Environmentalists are not happy with President Bush's changes to regulations of the Endangered Species Act. The final regulations to the Endangered Species Act take effect before President Bush leaves office in January, but wildlife conservation groups say undoing the damage could take months. "The responsibility to initiate consultation will still lie with the federal agency undertaking the action," Interior Secretary Dirk Kempthorne said, but if the agency in question can satisfy the requirement that no harm will come to an endangered species, then there is no need to consult with either the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service or the National Marine Fisheries Services. The determination of "no harm" will rest with agency bureaucrats instead of scientists, but the agencies can still seek the input of the scientists on a voluntary basis, Kempthorne said. Developers and agencies with large projects have long sought a weakening of Endangered Species Act regulations, which they say delay their projects and add to costs. Environmental groups contend that this change will take scientists and biologists who have protected endangered species completely out of the mix, leaving wildlife more vulnerable and harder to protect. They also say that more than 250,000 citizens voiced their opposition to the measure through the Web site regulations.gov. "The Department of Interior is ignoring the vast majority of the over 200,000 comments they got on this rule change-by moving forward. They are basically saying public be damned," said Andrew Wetzler, Director of the Natural Resources Defense Council's Endangered Species program. The NRDC maintains that "absent court action, undoing this ruling could take months ... despite today's feel-good statements, we remain convinced that these changes are illegal." The National Wildlife Federation, also voicing strong opposition, said that "in the eleventh hour of his presidency, President Bush has rammed through a sweeping overhaul of the Endangered Species Act. This action eviscerates key protections that have helped safeguard and recover endangered fish, wildlife and plants for the past 35 years.' But Chris Paolino, a spokesman for the Interior Department, said that the change is an "attempt to refocus the resources, time and manpower of both the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Federation and National Marine Fisheries to focus on those projects that have a measurable, adverse impact on endangered species." President-elect Barack Obama has said he would work to reverse the changes, but since they go into effect before he takes office, his administration would have to reopen the rulemaking process. Congress could also act to block the new regulations.
highlights: Bush administration changes regulations of Endangered Species Act . Federal agencies won't need to seek scientists' advice on projects impacting wildlife . Environmental groups say changes could leave wildlife more vulnerable .
id: db5beceb0c3a5d0e1eba60858d0d1a839408ab4b
chatgpt: The Bush administration's decision to alter the regulations of the Endangered Species Act has been met with criticism from environmental groups. The changes will mean that federal agencies will no longer have to seek advice from scientists on projects that could impact wildlife. The Endangered Species Act was signed into law in 1973 and is designed to protect plants, animals, and insects that are at risk of extinction. It requires federal agencies to consult with scientists at the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service (FWS) or the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) when working on projects that could harm or disrupt the habitats of endangered species. However, the Bush administration has now announced that it will be changing the regulations of the Endangered Species Act. Federal agencies will no longer have to seek advice from scientists about the potential impact of their projects on wildlife. Instead, they will be allowed to determine the impact themselves. Environmental groups have been quick to condemn the changes. They argue that the decision could lead to wildlife becoming more vulnerable to harm and could put endangered species at even greater risk of extinction. "Asking federal agencies to determine whether their own projects will harm wildlife is like asking the fox to guard the henhouse," said Jamie Rappaport Clark, president of Defenders of Wildlife. "This change will harm endangered species in this country and cut the public out of decision-making." The Bush administration argues that the changes will make it easier for federal agencies to carry out their work without being bogged down in consultations with scientists. They also argue that the changes will help them to achieve a better balance between environmental concerns and the needs of businesses and industries that rely on the use of natural resources. "Today's regulatory changes will help us better protect our nation's wildlife and habitats and at the same time provide clear and streamlined direction to developers and landowners," said Interior Secretary Dirk Kempthorne. However, environmental groups remain unconvinced. They point out that scientists provide a critical role in assessing the impact of projects on wildlife and that removing this requirement could lead to mistakes being made that might be difficult or even impossible to undo. "The Bush administration's decision to roll back wildlife protections will have real and devastating consequences for species on the brink of extinction," said Frances Beinecke, president of the Natural Resources Defense Council. "Asking developers and federal agencies to assess whether their projects will harm threatened and endangered species is a recipe for disaster." The Bush administration's changes to the regulations of the Endangered Species Act are likely to be controversial and will likely lead to a great deal of debate in the coming months. Environmental groups will be keeping a close eye on the impact of the changes in the hope that they will not put already vulnerable wildlife at even greater risk.