article: A days-long raid on a northeast Nigerian town by Boko Haram left dozens dead and displaced more than 15,000 residents, Nigeria's National Emergency Management Agency reports. Scores of fighters armed with rocket-propelled grenades, explosives and guns descended on the town of Damboa early Thursday evening, residents and officials said. By the time the raid ended on Sunday, 66 residents had been killed and more than 15,000 had fled, NEMA spokesman Abdulkadir Ibrahim said. "We lost 46 people on Thursday through Friday in Damboa and the gunmen pursued people who fled to nearby Fori and Kwairi villages where they killed 20 more," Sheriff Muhammad, a spokesman for the Damboa local authority, said. The Islamic militant group's trademark black flag was hoisted afterward, signifying that the town was under their control. "Boko Haram have taken over Damboa where they erected their flags after the attack that forced all residents to flee," said Sheriff Mohammed. But the Nigerian military tried to assure residents that it would retake the town. "We are not conceding any portion of this country to any terrorist group," said Maj. Gen. Chris Olukolade, a Defense Ministry spokesman.  "We are going to reverse every form of insecurity in that area very soon." Boko Haram launched an offensive against Damboa's military base and police station July 4 that left six soldiers and five policeman dead, according to Nigeria's defense ministry.  But 50 militants were also killed that day, leading residents such as Ahmed Buba to think they had returned to exact revenge. "We were defenseless because all the security personnel, including soldiers and policemen, have withdrawn," Buba said. Boko Haram -- whose name translates to "Western education is forbidden" in the  Hausa language -- caused international outrage when it abducted 276 girls on April 14 from a Nigerian boarding school.
highlights: Boko Haram raid kills 66 in northeastern town of Damboa in Nigeria . Town resident said they were left defenseless after fending off previous attack . Nigerian military: "We are not conceding any portion of this country to any terrorist group"
id: 72d4cf51f271acc720132bfb2ca407116b3df982
chatgpt: On Saturday night, the northeastern Nigerian town of Damboa was hit by a Boko Haram raid which left 66 people dead. It was reported that the villagers had been left defenseless after a previous attack which they had fended off. Boko Haram, an Islamist extremist group, has been known to target towns and villages in northern Nigeria in their quest to make the region a caliphate. According to multiple sources, the attack began around 10 pm when Boko Haram fighters stormed into the town with guns blazing. The militants burnt down homes and destroyed properties. A town resident reported that the group had come from the direction of the nearby Sambisa forest, which is believed to be the terrorist group's hideout. The Nigerian military has responded by sending in troops to the town, promising that they will not concede any portion of the country to any terrorist group. Nigeria has been grappling with a Boko Haram insurgency for over a decade now, with the group often carrying out attacks on civilian and military targets in the northeastern part of the country. This latest attack has once again highlighted the government's failure to completely eradicate the terrorist threat posed by Boko Haram. It has also raised questions about the effectiveness of the military's counter-terrorism efforts. The Nigerian military has been accused of being ill-equipped to deal with the group, which has been able to carry out attacks with relative ease. Residents of Damboa, who have had to endure multiple attacks by the group, are now calling on the government to take more decisive action to protect them. They are urging the military to step up efforts to flush out the militants from the Sambisa forest and other hideouts. The Nigerian government has been criticized by the international community for its handling of the Boko Haram crisis. The continued attacks by the group have resulted in the displacement of over 2 million people and the deaths of thousands. It remains to be seen what action the government will take in the wake of this latest attack.