article: President Barack Obama on Monday reminisced of better times with New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie, his onetime hug-buddy turned Republican antagonist as the governor has turned his focus to an expected presidential bid. The governor greeted Obama on the tarmac as he emerged from Air Force One for a visit to the state to speak to troops at New Jersey's Joint Base McGuire-Dix-Lakehurst. There, Obama recounted to the press his visit to the Jersey Shore with Christie last year to survey the Hurricane Sandy recovery efforts there. "Christie and I went down to Asbury Park, spent some time on the boardwalk. We played a little Frog Bog. Chris' kids taught me how to hit the hammer to get those little frogs into the buckets," Obama recalled. He admitted: "It was hard." "And then Christie beat me at football toss, which really aggravated me," Obama said, remembering that Christie "bragged" about his win afterwards. "Which is okay, but I will get a rematch at some point," Obama promised. Christie has previously complimented Obama and drew criticism from Republicans after he was photographed in a sideways embrace with the president when he visited the state to survey the damage done by Hurricane Sandy in 2012. The warm relationship between the two has been called a "bromance" in the media. The governor is considered one of a handful of likely Republican presidential contenders, and routinely polls in the top four or five in the potential GOP field. And in recent years, Christie has become more critical of Obama. In September, Christie charged the President had "underestimated what had been taking place in Syria" and saying he was "disturbed" by how the president had handled the growing threat from the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS). On Monday, however, Obama touted the U.S. offensive against ISIS, declaring it has "blunted their momentum and put them on the defensive." RELATED: Obama says U.S. 'hammering' ISIS in speech to troops .
highlights: President Barack Obama and New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie once had a warm relationship . Obama recounted their time playing games on the boardwalk . The two are now less friendly, with Christie moving towards a likely presidential run .
id: 0b4734299bd2efab61b768ea01f26fce743c1485
chatgpt: Former President Barack Obama and New Jersey Governor Chris Christie had a cozy relationship, with the two spending quality time together while playing games on the boardwalk. However, the once-friendly relationship has now taken a back seat as Christie positions himself for a Presidential run. Obama and Christie had a bond, with the former President heaping praise on the New Jersey Governor in the past. In recent years, however, the two have grown apart, with the gap widening as Christie made moves towards running for office. Their connection started in 2012 when Superstorm Sandy battered the New Jersey shoreline, causing massive destruction. Christie, then the Governor of the state, was an ardent supporter of Obama's efforts to aid the victims of the storm. The two shared numerous internal jokes and showed mutual respect and admiration for each other. However, as Christie's political ambitions grew, he shifted allegiance and embraced more partisan beliefs that aligned with the Republican Party. In doing so, he broke away from Obama and disassociated himself from the moderate views he once held. The breaking point for their relationship came when Christie endorsed Donald Trump, the then Republican presidential candidate, in February 2016. His decision shocked many, including Obama, who had expected Christie to fall in line with his beliefs. Since then, the two have had little interaction, with Christie in the shadow with hopes of becoming president at some point in his political career. In conclusion, the once close relationship between former President Barack Obama and New Jersey Governor Chris Christie appears to have faded into the background. As Christie eyes the Presidency, he has distanced himself from the more moderate views he once embraced, and as such, the two former allies have grown further apart. Whether they can mend their relationship in the future remains to be seen, but for now, it appears unlikely.