article: By . Associated Press . PUBLISHED: . 11:20 EST, 3 March 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 17:34 EST, 3 March 2014 . Employees at Twitter's headquarters in San Francisco will soon be taking their meals in 100-year-old log cabins. The high-tech giant is installing a pair of historic log cabins that were built in the late 1800s by Wild West pioneers to serve as dining rooms in its Market Street building. The cabins were salvaged from former homestead ranches in Montana by a Marin County contractor and sold to the owner of an architectural firm helping to refurbish Twitter, Inc.'s headquarters. They were then dismantled and shipped mote than a thousand miles to San Francisco. Scroll down for video . Headquarters: Home for Twitter is an art deco building on Market St in San Francisco, where two salvaged log cabins will soon be erected within the building . Twitter is undergoing something of a lo-fi makeover with its new headquarters in the art deco Western Furniture Exchange and Merchandise Mart building, which is being decorated with a forest-themed motif, reports the . 'There's something nice about the character of the real wood. Visually there's a patina of age. It isn't something fake. It's real. It's reclaimed,' Olle Lundberg of Lundberg Design, the San Francisco architectural firm responsible for the specialty design elements in the new office told the Marin Independent Journal. 'We've used the notion of the forest as a nice tie-in with Twitter and its bird logo,' he explained. Lundberg bought the salvaged buildings after seeing them listed on Craigslist. He has also used the wooden planks from an old bowling alley to build a reception desk in the main lobby and fashioned Twitter logos from old California license plates. In order to transport the cabins from Montana to San Francisco, they were taken apart and trucked to 1355 Market St, where they will be reconstructed. Rustic: The 100-year-old log cabins were salvaged from a Montana ranch (file photo) They should be in place within a few weeks. The plan is to build booths inside them for company employees to sit in while they eat. There will also be TV monitors and a coffee station inside the 20-foot-by-20-foot buildings within a building. Also included in the fit-out are a yoga studio, a rooftop garden, an arcade and other luxurious amenities. The headquarters is in the Mid-Market part of San Francisco, a blighted area marked by its homeless population. Businesses have been encouraged to move there in exchange for tax breaks, in a government effort to revitalize the area.
highlights: Twitter employees will be lunching in a pair of 100-year-old log cabins . The cabins will be placed inside their San Francisco headquarters . They were salvaged from Montana ranches and bought by the office's designer Olle Lundgren on Craigslist . Booths, televisions and coffee and tea stations will be installed inside the cabins . The Twitter offices are being redecorated with a forest theme .
id: 190d851fbfd71e2a40d25c455d26d44a45ad3a59
chatgpt: Twitter employees in San Francisco will soon have an exciting new addition to their office space. Two 100-year-old log cabins, salvaged from Montana ranches, have been purchased on Craigslist by the office's designer, Olle Lundgren. These historic structures will be placed inside Twitter headquarters, where employees will be able to enjoy their lunches and even hold meetings from the comfort and ambiance of the old-world cabins. The designer Lundgren is known for his love of repurposing and reusing historic items, and these cabins are a perfect example of his skill in this area. The cabins have been carefully removed from Montana ranches and expertly shipped to San Francisco where they will soon be installed in the Twitter headquarters.  In addition to their rustic charm, the cabins will be fully equipped with modern amenities like booths, televisions, coffee, and tea stations. They will be an ideal spot for Twitter employees to take a break from work and refuel during their busy days. The installation of these cabins is part of a larger redecorating project at Twitter headquarters that will soon see the office transformed into a forest-themed workspace. This new design is meant to create a calming and inspiring atmosphere for employees, and the log cabins will play a significant role in achieving that goal. The Twitter offices are already known for their creative design and work culture, and this addition only serves to enhance that reputation. The log cabins are sure to become a popular spot for employees to gather, connect and brainstorm. They will be a unique addition to the already stimulating and innovative atmosphere at Twitter. Twitter is not the first company to incorporate repurposed historic items into their workspace, but the addition of these cabins to a Silicon Valley tech giant is sure to inspire other companies to follow suit. For many employees, the chance to work in an environment that is both modern and/or historic can provide motivation and inspiration to achieve their best work. In conclusion, the incorporation of these historic cabins into Twitter's headquarters is an exciting development for the company and its employees. The cabins, expertly repurposed from Montana ranches, will provide a unique gathering place for employees and further solidify Twitter's reputation as an innovator in the tech industry.