article: By . Oliver Todd . Follow @@oliver_todd . Roberto Martinez has assured Everton fans that Romelu Lukaku will be signing for the Merseyside club this summer. Belgium centre forward Lukaku returns to Chelsea training on Wednesday amid talk of another move away from Stamford Bridge. And Toffees boss Martinez has fueled the fire by telling fans asking if Everton could sign the 21-year-old: 'of course we'll get him.' VIDEO Scroll down to watch Roberto Martinez tell fans that he will sign Romelu Lukaku . Top target: Roberto Martinez has told Everton fans that he is confident of signing Romelu Lukaku . Pals: Lukaku ran to hug the Everton boss in the win over Everton in April of last season . The Spanish manager and his squad are on tour in Thailand as part of their pre season preparations, with Martinez making the remark after a training session in front of watching fans. And Everton's Head of Recruitment Ian Atkins has further fueled rumours of a move back to Goodison for Lukaku, saying that he believes the striker wants a Merseyside return. 'Romelu had a terrific season for Everton last year and I know everyone at the football club wants to see him back,' Atkins told talkSPORT. 'Hopefully things can be sorted out, I think he’s quite settled in his mind that he wants to come to Everton, and hopefully he’ll be pulling on our blue shirt again next term. 'Our loan signings all did brilliant for us last season. Gareth Barry has signed permanently now which is fantastic, and hopefully Lukaku will as well.' Rival: Diego Costa . Rival: Didier Drogba . Rival: Fernando Torres . Rival: Romelu Lukaku . I want that one: Martinez was impressed with the Belgian striker's loan spell and wants him back . Trendsetter: Ian Atkins wants Lukaku to follow Gareth Barry by making a permanent move to Goodison Park . The 21-year-old, who spent time on loan at West Bromwich Albion in the 2012/13 campaign, has also been linked with Bundesliga big spenders Wolfsburg and, in the Spanish press, with Real Madrid. But Wolfsburg general manager Klaus Allofs denied that his club had made an offer on Saturday. Jose Mourinho's decision to re-sign Didier Drogba leaves Lukaku as one of four senior strikers at Chelsea alongside Diego Costa and Fernando Torres, and with Chelsea favouring a formation featuring just one striker it looks likely that one of Lukaku or Torres will leave. Premier League quality: Lukaku showed he can score goals at the top level with Everton last season .
highlights: Everton boss assured fans on pre season tour that Belgian striker will sign . 21-year-old spent last year on loan at Goodison Park . Now Martinez wants former Anderlecht hitman to join on a permanent basis . Real Madrid and Wolfsburg are also said to be showing interest . Blues Head of Recruitment Ian Atkins says Lukaku wants Everton return .
id: 9b046f8e296851926fcf273e04050feb5bbed5b1
chatgpt: Everton fans will be thrilled to know that their team's head coach, Roberto Martinez, has reassured them that Belgian star Romelu Lukaku will be signing with the club soon. The 21-year-old striker spent last year with the Blues on loan from Chelsea and made a name for himself with his impressive performances. Now, Martinez wants the former Anderlecht attacker to join Everton on a permanent basis. There were concerns around whether Lukaku would return to Goodison Park as several other major clubs, including Real Madrid and Wolfsburg, have shown interest in him. However, it seems that Lukaku has his heart set on Everton, according to Blues Head of Recruitment Ian Atkins. The striker wants to continue his growth with the club where he enjoyed immense success last season. It is easy to see why so many top clubs are interested in Lukaku. He scored 15 goals for Everton last season and played a pivotal role in helping the team finish in the top half of the table. He was also one of the standout performers during Everton's impressive pre-season tour. Lukaku has proven to be a prolific striker in the Premier League, and clubs would be lucky to have him on their roster. Martinez has been vocal about his desire to sign Lukaku permanently, and this news should come as a relief to Everton fans. The club had a successful transfer window last season and will be aiming to improve on their performance this year. Having Lukaku sign with the team would be a significant boost to their chances of achieving this goal. The Belgian striker is known for his pace, power and clinical finishing abilities, all of which make him a potent attacking force. He is also young and has shown tremendous potential, prompting many to forecast a bright future for him in the Premier League. There is no doubt that Lukaku's signing would be a significant coup for Everton, especially considering the attention he has received from other clubs. The striker's potential and impressive track record make him an exciting addition to any team. In conclusion, Everton fans can rest assured that Lukaku will sign with the club soon. Martinez's assurances and the striker's own desire to return should put their minds at ease. Lukaku's signing would undoubtedly be an excellent move for Everton, and fans cannot wait to see him back in action at Goodison Park.