article: (CNN) -- A vaccine designed to prevent cervical cancer is coming under fresh scrutiny amid thousands of complaints linking it to a range of health problems. Gardasil has been the subject of 7,802 "adverse event" reports from the time the Food and Drug Administration approved its use two years ago, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Girls and women have blamed the vaccine for causing ailments from nausea to paralysis -- even death. Fifteen deaths were reported to the FDA, and 10 were confirmed, but the CDC says none of the 10 were linked to the vaccine. The CDC says it continues to study the reports of illness. Gardasil prevents the spread of human papillomavirus, known as HPV -- a sexually transmitted virus that can cause cervical cancer in a relatively small number of girls and women. The vaccine's manufacturer, Merck & Co. Inc., says it has distributed more than 26 million Gardasil vaccines worldwide, including nearly 16 million in the United States. It estimates that 8 million girls and women have received the vaccine in the United States since June 2006.  Watch more on complications linked to Gardasil » . Two girls allege in court that the vaccine made them sick. One -- Jesalee Parsons of Broken Bow, Oklahoma -- got the shot at age 13. Jesalee's lawyer, Michael McLaren, said she got the shot on February 27, 2007 and soon developed a fever and felt pain. The next day, he said, Jesalee felt pain in her chest and abdomen. Her mother, Laura Parsons, said Jesalee spent weeks in the hospital and underwent two surgeries after developing pancreatitis. She says the federal government should have studied the drug more before approving its use. "I just feel let down by the government," Parsons said. Merck says it could be a coincidence that the girls got sick after receiving the vaccine. The company said in a statement that an adverse event report "does not mean that a causal relationship between an event and vaccination has been established -- just that the event occurred after vaccination." Merck said it would continue to evaluate reports of adverse reactions. It said it "updates product labels with new safety information as appropriate."
highlights: 7,802 "adverse event" reports to CDC since Gardasil was approved . Reports claim drug caused nausea and paralysis -- even death . Vaccine manufacturer: Reports don't mean illnesses were caused by drug . Two girls allege in court that the vaccine made them sick .
id: 8b737575352ec6965e72998c1bb40861d1e3fdfb
chatgpt: According to reports from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), there have been over 7,802 "adverse event" reports filed since the HPV vaccine, Gardasil, was approved. These reports have alleged that the drug caused a range of symptoms, including nausea, paralysis, and even death. However, the manufacturer of the vaccine has disputed these claims, arguing that the reports do not necessarily mean that illnesses were caused by the drug. Despite this skepticism, two girls have recently come forward in court to allege that the vaccine did, in fact, make them sick. Their case has raised questions about the safety of Gardasil and the potential risks associated with the vaccine. Gardasil was approved by the FDA in 2006 to prevent human papillomavirus (HPV), a sexually transmitted infection that can lead to certain types of cancer. Since then, the vaccine has been widely recommended and administered to millions of people around the world. However, some have raised concerns about the potential side effects of Gardasil. Reports of adverse events have been filed with the CDC and other organizations, including the Vaccine Adverse Event Reporting System (VAERS). Many of these reports have alleged that the drug caused serious health problems, including paralysis and even death. Despite these reports, the manufacturer of Gardasil has maintained that the vaccine is safe and effective. In a statement to the media, the company argued that "there is no scientific evidence to suggest that Gardasil is linked to the reported adverse events." However, the recent case brought by two girls who claim to have been made sick by the vaccine has raised new questions about the safety of Gardasil. Some critics of the drug have argued that the benefits of the vaccine may not outweigh the potential risks. As the debate over Gardasil continues, health officials are urging the public to make informed decisions about vaccination. While the vaccine may provide important protection against HPV, it is important to weigh the potential risks against the benefits before making a decision about whether or not to get vaccinated.