article: New Haven, Connecticut (CNN) -- A Yale University lab technician pleaded guilty Thursday to murder and attempted sexual assault in the killing of graduate student Annie Le in 2009. Raymond Clark III will be sentenced to 44 years in prison as part of the plea agreement. In court Thursday, prosecutors described injuries to the victim and evidence of attempted sexual assault. Le, 24, was strangled to death. She had a broken jaw and collarbone, the prosecution said. Clark's DNA was "all over" the crime scene, including in her underwear, the state charged. Le's body was discovered inside a wall of a Yale lab building four days later after an extensive search by the FBI and  police. Clark, 26, admitted the facts as the prosecution presented them but pleaded guilty under a legal precedent that allows him to do so while still officially protesting his innocence. He entered Judge Roland Fasano's packed courtroom handcuffed, winking at his father as he walked in. His handcuffs were removed for the proceedings. "This is not the Ray we know," Clark's father said tearfully outside the court after the hearing. "I want you to know Ray has expressed remorse from the beginning," he added, saying how difficult it was "to imagine your child did the unthinkable." "My family and I send deepest sympathy to the Le family," said Clark's father, also called Raymond. Clark pleaded guilty under the Alford doctrine, which allows a defendant to assert that he is innocent but plead guilty when he "intelligently concludes that his interests require a guilty plea and the record strongly evidences guilt." Clark had pleaded not guilty in January 2010. Le was pursuing a doctorate in pharmacology at Yale when she went missing September 8, 2009. She had planned to marry Columbia graduate student Jonathan Widawsky on the day her body was found. Clark was not a Yale student but had worked as a lab technician at the university since 2004, after graduating from high school. He lived with his girlfriend, who also is a Yale lab technician, according to police. A Yale faculty member described Clark's job as maintaining colonies for animals used in research.
highlights: NEW: Raymond Clark III accepts that his semen and DNA were found at the crime scene . He admits murder and attempted sexual assault under a plea agreement . Yale graduate student Annie Le's body was found inside a wall at a Yale lab building . Le was set to be married the day her body was found .
id: ae59edd0d3e8bca65fe22393cf3c1ebaede84c14
chatgpt: Raymond Clark III has accepted responsibility for the devastating murder of Annie Le, a 24-year-old Yale graduate student, under a plea agreement. Clark's semen and DNA were found at the crime scene, which he has admitted to in court. Le's body was discovered inside a wall at a Yale lab building, where she had been set to marry her partner on the day her body was found. Clark's plea agreement, which was announced on Thursday, will see him plead guilty to murder and attempted sexual assault. The punishment for these crimes carries up to 44 years in prison. Clark was originally charged with murder and felony murder, which carried a potential punishment of life in prison, but prosecutors have agreed to drop these charges in exchange for Clark's plea. Clark, who worked at the lab building as a technician, had been a suspect from the beginning of the investigation. He had been seen on surveillance footage entering and exiting the building around the time Le disappeared. Investigators also found DNA evidence linking him to the crime scene, and his statements to police were inconsistent. Le's tragic death sent shockwaves through both the Yale community and the wider public. She was described as an "outstanding young woman" by university officials, and her murder prompted a nationwide search for justice. Her family released a statement following the announcement of Clark's plea agreement, saying, "We are relieved that there will not be a trial, and that this guilty plea spares us and the community from reliving the awful details of Annie's murder." The court proceedings will not bring Le back, but her family now has some semblance of closure. The case has also sparked conversations about workplace safety and the prevalence of violence against women. Yale has implemented several measures since Le's murder to improve security on campus, including the installation of additional surveillance cameras and the introduction of an app that allows students to request security escorts. As for Clark, he will now face the consequences of his heinous actions. His guilty plea brings some measure of justice for Le and her loved ones.