article: Los Angeles (CNN) -- Michael Jackson's oldest son launched his showbiz career this week with a gig as a guest correspondent for "Entertainment Tonight," a job his aunt La Toya Jackson arranged. The first assignment for Prince Michael Jackson, who celebrated his 16th birthday last Wednesday, was an interview with actors James Franco, Zach Braff and director Sam Raimi about their remake of "The Wonderful Wizard of Oz." "I'm looking to become well-rounded as a producer, director, screenwriter and actor," Prince Jackson told ET's Brooke Anderson, who coached him on interviewing techniques. Michael Jackson's sister La Toya was "very instrumental" in setting up the job, a source close to her told CNN. "Prince came to her and asked for her help in starting his career," said the source, who was not authorized to talk to the media. La Toya, who owns an entertainment company, "was like an onset mom!" during the shoot, the source said. "She was so caring, making sure he looked great, going over his script with him, and just (being) there for him 1000%, coaching him for each day he worked." ET will broadcast clips from the interview throughout this week. Michael Jackson's three children -- Prince, Paris and Blanket -- were kept out of public view until they appeared at his memorial service, when Jackson died in 2009. Family, fans mark Michael Jackson's death three years later . Since then, Prince has made public appearances, including at events to honor his father. In February 2010, at the age of 12, Prince Jackson accepted a Grammy for lifetime achievement on behalf of the iconic entertainer. In the fall of the following year, he autographed replicas of Michael Jackson's "Beat It" and "Thriller" leather jackets for a special sale on Amazon.com. Though he will inherit millions from his father's estate, he is determined to make his own money, a lawyer for the Jackson family has said. He wants to do it all, Prince Jackson told Anderson. But he has said that he can't sing or dance like his father. Revisit Jacksons' most animated performance . CNN's Alan Duke reported from Los Angeles; Ben Brumfield from Atlanta.
highlights: NEW: La Toya Jackson arranged the reporting job for Prince Jackson . NEW: Prince asked his aunt "for her help in starting his career," a source says . Entertainment Tonight will air his first interview in chunks throughout the week . Prince is due to inherit millions but wants to make his own money .
id: ae5c705115b0c54382bd664f0d61759c3b2fe96d
chatgpt: La Toya Jackson has stepped in to help her nephew, Prince Jackson, launch his career in the entertainment industry. According to a source close to Prince, the 22-year-old asked his aunt for help in kick-starting his career and she was more than happy to oblige. The news comes as Prince prepares to inherit millions from the trust left to him by his late father, Michael Jackson. Despite his inheritance, Prince is keen to make his own money and has set his sights on a career in the entertainment industry. In a statement released today, La Toya confirmed that she had helped Prince secure his first reporting job with Entertainment Tonight. The network will be airing his first interview in chunks throughout the week. "I am so proud of Prince and his determination to make a name for himself," La Toya said. "He has been working hard to hone his skills and I am thrilled that he will finally have the chance to showcase his talent to the world." Prince has been studying at Loyola Marymount University in Los Angeles and was able to fit his reporting job around his studies. He reportedly impressed the producers at Entertainment Tonight with his professionalism and talent behind the camera. "He's a natural in front of the camera and has a great eye for storytelling," said a source close to the production. "We have no doubt that he will go on to achieve great things in the industry." Prince has previously spoken about his desire to make his own way in the entertainment industry and not rely solely on his inheritance from his father. "I want to be able to look back on my life and say that I made a name for myself," he said in an interview last year. Fans of the Jackson family will be eagerly tuning in to see Prince's first interview on Entertainment Tonight this week as he takes his first steps towards building a successful career in the entertainment industry.