article: Craig Burley was forced to get a tattoo of Fernando Torres after insisting the Atletico Madrid striker had no chance of finding the net against rivals Real in the Copa del Rey last week. Following Torres' nightmare spell at Chelsea, former Blues midfielder Burley was so confident the Spaniard's barren run would continue with his new club that he promised to get the striker inked on his arm should he hit the target. Unfortunately for Burley, 'El Nino' took just a minute to prove him wrong - sweeping Antoine Griezmann's cross into the top corner to give Atletico the lead. VIDEO: Scroll down to watch Craig Burley get a Fernando Torres tattoo after losing bet . Craig Burley stands outside a tattoo parlour having claimed Fernando Torres would not score for Atletico . Burley grimaces in the chair as he prepares to have Torres' face inked on to his arm after losing the bet . The outline of the 'El Nino' tattoo is revealed after Burley doubted the striker's scoring abilities . A man of his word, Burley was soon off to the nearest tattoo parlour to undergo his forfeit after losing the bet. 'I need a soccer player tattooed,' said Burley to the American tattooist behind the counter at the shop in Bristol, Connecticut. 'He's a Spanish guy and he's let me down badly in a bet. Fernando Torres?' Asked if he is a fan of the striker, 43-year-old Burley gave a firm: 'No.' 'I think I've made a humongous mistake,' a fearful Burley admitted as he sat down in the tattooist's chair before the former Scotland international insisted he won't be making any more 'bold, stupid' predictions in the future. After some more grimacing, the tattoo was complete leaving Burley with a permanent Torres reminder inked on his arm. However, some skeptics may have their doubts as to whether the imprint on Burley's arm is  the real deal - you can judge for yourselves by watching the video below. The former Scotland international admitted he'd made a 'humongous mistake' The final tattoo is revealed - but some skeptics may have their doubts as to whether the imprint is the real deal . Torres, meanwhile, scored a brace for Atletico  at the Bernabeu as Diego Simeone's men claimed a 4-2 aggregate victory in the Copa del Rey clash. The current La Liga champions face Barcelona in the quarter-finals of the competition on Wednesday night. Torres struggled for form during his three years at Stamford Bridge - perhaps the main reason for Burley doubting his capabilities in front of goal - finding the target just 45 times in 172 appearances for Chelsea. Torres celebrates after scoring for new club Atletico Madrid against rivals Real  in the Copa del Rey last week . Torres had a nightmare three years at Stamford Bridge following his £50million transfer from Liverpool . Former Scotland international Burley spent eight years with Chelsea before playing for Celtic and Derby .
highlights: Fernando Torres scored brace for Atletico Madrid in Copa del Rey . Craig Burley insisted the striker would not score against Real Madrid . Former Chelsea midfielder lost  bet and had to get Torres tattoo on his arm .
id: 4416028fec6448d33f9320a5c91ee75b5c6f2cb9
chatgpt: Atletico Madrid secured a 2-0 victory over Real Madrid in the Copa del Rey quarterfinals after an impressive display from striker Fernando Torres. Torres, who has struggled for form in recent months, showed that he still has what it takes to perform at the highest level as he scored both goals in the match. Prior to the game, former Chelsea midfielder and football pundit Craig Burley had expressed doubts about Torres' ability to score against Real Madrid. He even went as far as making a bet that if Torres scored, he would get a tattoo of the striker on his arm. However, Burley must have regretted his words as Torres opened the scoring in the 15th minute with a well-taken goal. He received a pass from Antoine Griezmann and turned sharply before firing the ball into the bottom corner of the net, leaving Real Madrid goalkeeper Keylor Navas with no chance. Real Madrid tried to get back into the game but Torres had other ideas. In the 63rd minute, he scored his second goal of the match, an incredible bicycle kick that sailed into the top corner of the net. The home fans were on their feet as they watched the striker's acrobatics, and even the away fans were applauding the sheer quality of the goal. Burley was forced to eat his own words, as he had to get Torres' face tattooed on his arm. But while the tattoo may have been a painful reminder for Burley, Torres will be celebrating his return to form after a difficult few months. This victory means that Atletico Madrid are through to the semifinals of the Copa del Rey, where they will face either FC Barcelona or Espanyol. They will be hoping that Torres can continue his goal-scoring form and help them to lift the trophy at the end of the season. Torres' contribution to the team has been vital over the years, and his brace against Real Madrid will go down as one of the highlights of his career. He has always been a fierce competitor, and his dedication to the sport has earned him the respect of fans and teammates alike. Atletico Madrid manager Diego Simeone was full of praise for Torres after the game. "Fernando showed today that he is a true professional and a great player," he said. "He is always working hard, and I am delighted that he was able to score two goals today. He deserves all the credit for his performance." Overall, it was a fantastic night for Atletico Madrid and a true testament to the skill and determination of Fernando Torres. The striker proved all his doubters wrong and showed that he still has what it takes to be a top-level player. And for one unlucky pundit, it was a painful reminder to never bet against the ability of the world's best football players.