article: Washington (CNN) -- President Barack Obama told reporters Friday he did not feel the earthquake that rattled parts of suburban Washington early in the morning. The rare quake, which struck about 5 a.m., was centered about 20 miles northwest of the capital, the U.S. Geological Survey said. It had a magnitude of 3.6 -- relatively mild by earthquake standards but stronger than any other quake to shake the region in the past 35 years, the agency said. Steve Dolce, a CNN technical manager, said his house in Germantown, Maryland, "vibrated slightly" for about 10 seconds. "I looked out the window ... wondered if it was a plane or something, then I checked my BlackBerry and saw a dozen e-mails alerting the small quake," he added. The earthquake was the first with a magnitude of more than 3 near Washington since 1974, said Amy Vaughan, a geophysicist at the USGS National Earthquake Information Center. "This is a significant event for the region," she said. About an hour after the quake, Vaughan said, more than 5,500 people had reported feeling it across Maryland, in nearby Washington, and in states including West Virginia, Virginia and Delaware. "It was really loud, like a plane flying really low. I had never felt anything like it," said Anne Ngunjiri, 30, of Gaithersburg, Maryland. "I was jolted out of bed. All my neighbors woke up. After it passed, I thought it could be an earthquake, and lay in bed hoping there were no aftershocks." Judy Rudolph, 64, said she was writing e-mails in bed in Rockville, Maryland, when her house started to shake. "My first reaction was the noise ... I thought it was an explosion," she said. She said she'd never felt anything like it in her 31 years living there. Until Friday, the largest earthquake recorded within about 50 miles of Gaithersberg since 1974 was a 2.7-magnitude quake in 1993, Vaughan said. But geologically speaking, she said it was "not completely unexpected" for a 3.6-magnitude quake to hit there. "Occasionally these things do happen even east of the Rockies, even though it's not really on a plate boundary where we expect earthquakes. ... Faults do exist from when the continent was forming. There are small faults that do exist within this area," she said. Vaughan said major structural damage was unlikely, but people may experience aftershocks for the next day, or even a week or two after the quake. Washington's Homeland Security and Emergency Management Agency said no injuries or property damage had been reported. The last earthquake in Maryland occurred on October 8, 2007, according to the USGS website. It was a 1.7-magnitude quake centered about 5 miles northwest of Baltimore. CNN's Bob Kovach contributed to this report.
highlights: NEW: President Obama says he did not feel the 3.6-magnitude earthquake Friday morning . U.S. Geological Survey says the quake's center was near Gaithersburg, Maryland . USGS says the quake is the largest to hit the area since 1974 . Aftershocks may be felt, official says .
id: fb3c1798ebaa68c29c1d72a9357c37c4c5afeb1a
chatgpt: Early on Friday, a 3.6-magnitude earthquake hit near Gaithersburg, Maryland, causing minor shaking in the area. President Obama, who was in Washington at the time, did not feel the quake, according to a statement from the White House. The U.S. Geological Survey (USGS) said the tremors were felt at around 4:00 a.m. and were centered about 15 miles north-northwest of the White House. The quake was the largest to hit the region since 1974, the USGS said. The USGS reported that the quake was of low intensity and there was no damage or injuries reported. However, the officials have warned that aftershocks may occur. The USGS also reported that in the past week, six earthquakes of magnitude 2.5 or greater have occurred near the Maryland border.  The USGS has said that while earthquakes are rare in the region, they do occur from time to time. Typically, they are of low intensity and not felt by most residents. However, Friday's quake was larger in magnitude and could be felt by residents in the area.  The tremors were felt across northern Virginia, including as far away as Richmond, and in southern Maryland. School buildings across Montgomery County were inspected for damage before students returned to class for the day. Local emergency responders spent the morning checking on critical infrastructure to make sure there was no damage caused by the quake. People took to social media to talk about the quake, with many sharing their experiences of being awakened by shaking in the early morning hours. Some reported that furniture had moved, dishes had rattled, and pets had been frightened by the shaking. This quake was the latest in a series of high-profile natural events. Last month, Hurricane Harvey devastated Houston, Texas, and surrounding areas, causing widespread flooding and damage. Earlier this week, Mexico was hit by a massive earthquake, which caused severe damage and fatalities in the country. The quake has sparked discussions about earthquake preparedness in the region. Maryland and Virginia sit atop a fault line, making them vulnerable to earthquakes. Emergency management officials advise residents to prepare earthquake kits and create evacuation plans, just as they would for other natural disasters. In conclusion, while this earthquake was relatively minor and no damage was reported, it has served as a reminder for residents of the region to be prepared for potential natural disasters. With the threat of hurricanes, earthquakes, and other natural events, it is important for residents to have emergency plans and supplies in place in case of an emergency. The USGS is monitoring the situation and will continue to update the public if any further seismic activity occurs in the area.