article: By . Mark Duell . Last updated at 1:25 PM on 13th July 2011 . It’s hard to tell whether the whole thing is a complete joke or if this guy is actually serious. A man calling himself 'Mork Encino', believed to be from Utah, claims he will allow people to hunt him for $10,000 and will try his best to avoid being captured. The unemployed 28-year-old says he is ‘pro-prey, looking for a change’ and will allow people to hunt him naked for an extra $2,000. Human hunting: Mork Encino, of Utah, claims he will allow people to hunt him for $10,000 - or $12,000 naked . ‘I seek hearty gents who fancy . themselves sportsmen and bored of the usual game,’ he writes on his . website Hunt Me 4 Sport. ‘I am a new breed of prey with thick pelt and . smooth hide. Mr Encino's inspiration could have come from the 1994 film Surviving the Game, starring Ice-T as homeless man Jack Mason. Mr Mason, who lives on the streets, gets a job as a servant for a hunting party but soon realises that he is actually their prey. ‘I’m faster . than a wild turkey, smart as any god***n wild boar and willing to make . the ultimate sacrifice for the monetary health of my family. ‘If . I am trapped and killed you stand to earn the respect of your fellow . hunters, a prize human mount for your wall and all income from any organ . harvest.’ His website . features pictures of him hiding behind trees or in grass and sitting in a . ‘strategic foetal position’, reported Deadspin. Mr Encino says he will be unarmed and will ‘not attempt self-defence’, claiming all payment if he dies should go to his family. Run for cover: Unemployed 28-year-old Mr Encino says on his Twitter page he is 'pro-prey, looking for a change' Find me: His website features pictures of him hiding behind trees or in grass and sitting in a foetal position . He . claims to be currently living with his parents, who are threatening to . kick him out, and is desperately trying to generate some cash. Mr Encino says he has previously worked in construction, fast food, landscaping and cleaning. ‘I seek hearty gents who fancy . themselves sportsmen and bored of the usual game. I am a new breed of prey with thick pelt and . smooth hide' Mork Encino . His new line of work has received much media coverage but it is still unclear whether he will actually go through with any legitimate offers - and whether the whole thing is legal. But the website and huge interest may well get him what he really wants - as he told the Atlanta Journal-Constitution that he would like a job opportunity better than ‘being shot in the face’. Legal experts told Deadspin the idea seems a hoax, but if it's actually real then problems could be caused if his hunting experiences are considered as solicitation to commit murder or assisted suicide.
highlights: 'Mork Encino' claims he is trying to generate some extra cash . Law experts say the whole thing seems a hoax and could be illegal . But 28-year-old insists he is legitimate and will go through with it .
id: 2556b94d3f75eba39507345ba870d068ddb7dd82
chatgpt: A man who goes by the name 'Mork Encino' has recently made claims that he's trying to generate some extra cash, and has come up with a unique way of doing so. The mysterious individual is planning on auctioning off the naming rights to his own body, promising to legally change his name to anything the highest bidder chooses. However, despite Mork's insistence that he's being completely legitimate, some law experts believe that the entire thing seems like a hoax and could potentially be illegal. Mork Encino, who is only 28 years old, isn't a well-known figure, and so far, the reasons behind his seemingly bizarre fundraising efforts remain unclear. However, he has recently been active on social media, posting about his plans to change his name and sharing updates with his followers. The auction for the rights to Mork's name is slated to begin on the 15th of October, and potential bidders have been instructed to submit offers via email. The individual who offers the highest amount of money will be able to choose Mork's new name, which he has promised to legally adopt within 30 days of the auction's end. At first glance, the idea of auctioning off the rights to one's own name might seem like an innovative way of generating quick cash. However, law experts have warned that there could be legal issues associated with the sale of identity. Some experts have suggested that the auction could be considered illegal, as it could violate state laws around the sale of personal data. In addition to potential legal complications, Mork's plan has also raised eyebrows for its sheer absurdity. Many have questioned why someone would willingly give up their own name and risk antagonizing family members, friends, and acquaintances. Others have noted that the plan is unlikely to generate large sums of money, especially if potential bidders are hesitant to participate in a potentially controversial auction. Despite these concerns, Mork Encino has remained steadfast in his determination to go through with the auction. In a recent interview with a popular news outlet, he explained that his decision to change his name was purely financial, and that he hoped to use the funds he raised to support his family and invest in his real estate business. The strange story of 'Mork Encino' has garnered significant attention on social media, with many people expressing their disbelief at the concept of selling one's own identity. Others have criticized Mork for exploiting his personal life for financial gain, and have accused him of promoting a potentially illegal activity. As the auction date draws closer, it remains to be seen whether anyone will actually participate in the bidding. However, regardless of the outcome of the auction, Mork's strange idea is likely to encourage others to think outside the box when it comes to raising money. While the legality of his actions is still up for debate, one thing is certain: 'Mork Encino' has succeeded in capturing the attention of the public with his bizarre proposition.