article: By . Associated Press and Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 12:41 EST, 4 August 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 03:33 EST, 5 August 2013 . President Obama's trade representative has reversed a ban on imports of Apple iPad 2 and iPhone 4, overturning a decision by the International Trade Commission banning the imports. The ban on the Apple products from sale in the U.S. was originally instated by the ITC in June because Apple had violated Samsung patents on wireless technology. Following the ITC decision, the Obama administration had 60 days to decide if it would uphold the commission. U.S. Trade Representative Michael Froman overruled the decision based on the type patent at issue in the Apple case. Write caption here . Patent dispute: The patent at issue in the case for banning several Apple products belongs to Samsung . Froman wrote that the administration feared a ban would give patent holders 'undue leverage' over competitors when attempting to license new technologies and has recommended that the ITC's power to impose import bans in similar cases. It was the first time since 1987 a product ban like this had been overturned by an administration. Meanwhile, Apple and Samsung are embroiled in a legal battle over smartphone technologies. Samsung is accusing Apple of infringing its patents on the iPhone and iPad products that were almost subject to a ban, while Apple is arguing that Samsung's Android phones copy iPhone features. Samsung said in a statement late Saturday night that it was disappointed . in Froman's ruling, saying the ITC 'correctly recognized that Samsung . has been negotiating in good faith, and that Apple remains unwilling to . take a license.' Overruled: The U.S. Trade Commissioner Michael Froman, who overturned the ITC decision . In an email, Apple spokeswoman Kristin Huguet said the company applauded the administration 'for standing up for innovation.' Companies license patented technology to competitors so the devices can communicate as part of an industry standard for cellphones. Under the 'standards-essential patent' legal theory prevailing in federal courts, holders of such patents are obligated to license them to all comers on 'fair, reasonable and non-discriminatory' terms.Last year, a federal court ruled that Samsung owed Apple $1 billion in damages for infringing on non-essential Apple patents. But the judge refused to impose an import ban on Samsung phones and later struck $450 million from the verdict, saying the jurors miscalculated. The case is set for a rematch in appeals court. Samsung is the world's largest maker of smartphones. Analysts estimate it outsold Apple nearly 2 to 1 in the first three months of the year. However, Apple's smartphone business is more profitable . The iPhone 4 was launched in 2010 and is the oldest iPhone still sold by Apple. The ITC ruling applied only to the AT&T version of the phone. Apple is likely to retire the model. Apple launched the iPad 2 in 2011. The ruling applies only to the version equipped with a cellular modem for AT&T's network.
highlights: A ban on Apple products set to begin today was overturned by the Obama administration . The ban was instated by the International Trade Commission because Apple violated Samsung patents . The ruling was overturned because it would give patent holders 'undue leverage' Apple and Samsung are embroiled in a legal battle over patents .
id: bbe3e59718e39950c2826b7e5571edb7e3c86b49
chatgpt: In a turn of events, the Obama administration has overturned a ban on Apple products that was set to begin today. The ban had been instated by the International Trade Commission after it found that Apple had violated Samsung patents. However, the ruling was overturned because it was deemed to give patent holders "undue leverage." Apple and Samsung have been engaged in a protracted legal battle over patents, with each company accusing the other of infringing on its intellectual property rights. The dispute has played out in courts around the world, with both sides seeking injunctions against the sale of each other's products. The most recent skirmish between the two tech giants centered on Apple's use of certain Samsung patents in its iPhone and iPad products. The International Trade Commission ruled in favor of Samsung, finding that Apple had infringed on the South Korean company's patents. As a result, the commission issued an order banning the import and sale of certain Apple products. However, the Obama administration intervened in the case, and has now overturned the commission's ruling. In a statement, the administration cited concerns about the impact the ban would have on consumers and competition. "The policy of the United States is to promote innovation and to ensure that intellectual property rights are properly protected," the statement read. "However, it is also important to ensure that patent holders do not have undue leverage over competitors, and that there is healthy competition in the marketplace." The decision to overturn the ban was welcomed by Apple, which has long maintained that it did not infringe on Samsung's patents. The company issued a statement saying that it was "pleased that the administration has intervened to prevent a ban that would have harmed consumers and competition." The ruling is likely to have broader implications for the technology industry, which has been grappling with a wave of patent litigation in recent years. Critics of the current patent system argue that it stifles innovation and discourages competition, as companies are more focused on securing intellectual property rights than on developing new products. In response to these concerns, the US Patent and Trademark Office has launched a series of initiatives to improve the patent system. These efforts include a program to expedite the examination of patent applications for certain technologies, as well as a review of the standards for granting patents. Despite these efforts, however, the patent system remains a complex and contentious issue. The Apple-Samsung dispute is just one example of the many legal battles that are currently being fought over intellectual property rights in the tech industry. For now, though, Apple can breathe a little easier knowing that its products will remain on the market. The company has already faced significant challenges in recent months, including criticism over its handling of the iPhone battery issue and concerns about its slowing growth. With the ban lifted, Apple can turn its attention back to its core business and focus on developing innovative new products for its customers.