article: By . Oliver Todd . Follow @@oliver_todd . Former Manchester United midfielder Paul Pogba has raised hopes that he might move to Chelsea - after he took over Jose Mourinho's job, coaching the Stamford Bridge side on Football Manager. Pogba, currently on international duty at the World Cup with France, is regarded as one of the best young midfielders in Europe after a string of quality performances for his national team and Italian champions Juventus. And with Chelsea among the 21-year-old's potential suitors, Pogba has been pictured 'managing' the Blues against London rivals Arsenal - and picking himself in midfield alongside outgoing club legend Frank Lampard. Downtime: Pogba takes the chance to get in some Football Manager time during the national team's flight . Tactical genius: The 21-year-old goes for a 4-2-3-1 formation similar to the one used by Jose Mourinho . Loves himself: Pogba has bought his virtual self as Chelsea manager in the management simulator . Jese . Hazard Oscar Mata . Pogba Lampard . Asamoah Cahill Ivanovic Azpilicueta . Cech . Subs: Banega, Schurrle, Eto'o, De Sciglio, Chiellini, Willian, Luiz . The midfield powerhouse has also signed fellow Juventus player Kevin Asamoah at left back and Real Madrid's Jese to lead the line. The footage, released by the French Football Federation after the 5-2 win over Switzerland, shows Pogba lining up as Chelsea's number 15 in a defensive midfield role with Eden Hazard, Juan Mata and Oscar in front of him. And Gary Cahill and Branislav Ivanovic form Chelsea's centre back pairing as Pogba take on London rivals Arsenal, with no place in the fictional side for captain John Terry. His full line-up in a 4-2-3-1 formation includes Petr Cech, Asamoah, Cahill, Ivanovic, Cesar Azpilicueta, Pogba, Lampard, Hazard, Oscar, Mata and Jese. Valencia's Ever Banega, Andre Schurrle, Samuel Eto'o, AC Milan right back Mattia De Sciglio, Juventus team-mate Giorgio Chiellini, Willian and David Luiz are on the bench. Happy: Pogba's team-mates appear in good spirits after their 5-2 win over Switzerland in Salvador . Natural choice: If Pogba joins Chelsea it won't be alongside his favoured Football Manager partner, Lampard . Pogba left Old Trafford at the end of . his contract in 2012 after falling out with Sir Alex Ferguson but has . since gone on to become one of most sought-after midfielders in Europe. He . has been a key part of Juventus' title-winning midfield this year and . started France's opening game against Honduras before coming off the . bench in their 5-2 win over Switzerland. Juve are understood to be willing to sell Pogba despite protestations that he is a key figure at the club. Big win: Pogba celebrates against Switzerland - could he be in a Chelsea shirt next season?
highlights: France midfielder is managing Chelsea on the best-selling simulator . Has been linked to Chelsea with Jose Mourinho looking at midfielders . Pogba pairs himself with Chelsea legend Frank Lampard in the middle . Kevin Asamoah and Jese are also in Pogba's starting XI . Footage released from France's flight back from 5-2 Switzerland win .
id: f09b7b79c87e5f14a039d65f0a5609b748d758e2
chatgpt: French midfielder Paul Pogba has been making waves in the football world recently, not just for his impressive performances on the pitch, but also for his managerial skills off it. According to reports, Pogba has been managing Chelsea on the popular simulator game Football Manager, and his success has caught the attention of Jose Mourinho, who is said to be interested in bringing Pogba to the real-life Chelsea squad. Pogba, who currently plays for Manchester United, has been linked to a move to Chelsea for some time now, with Mourinho reportedly looking to strengthen his midfield. And if Pogba's Football Manager skills are anything to go by, he could be a valuable addition to the team. In his virtual Chelsea squad, Pogba pairs himself with former Blues legend Frank Lampard in the middle of the park. Kevin Asamoah and Jese also make the cut in Pogba's starting XI. The simulator game allows players to manage any club in the world, making tactical decisions, signing players and managing finances – all the things a real manager does. Pogba's success in the game has been highlighted in recent days, with footage released from France's flight back from their 5-2 win over Switzerland. The video shows Pogba playing the simulator on his laptop, with his teammates intently watching and cheering as he leads Chelsea to victory. It's clear that Pogba is taking his managerial skills seriously, and his success on the game could translate to success on the pitch if he does make the move to Chelsea. Of course, managing a team on a simulator is a far cry from managing a team in the real world, and Pogba will have to prove himself on the field if he wants to be a success at Chelsea. But his determination and skills bode well for his future, and his passion for the game is clear both on and off the pitch. It remains to be seen whether Mourinho will pursue a move for Pogba, but the Frenchman's success on the simulator could make him an attractive option. Pogba has already proven himself to be a formidable midfielder, and with Lampard by his side in his virtual squad, he could be an unstoppable force at Chelsea. For now, fans will have to wait and see if Pogba's Football Manager success translates to the real world. But one thing is for sure – this young French midfielder is one to watch, both on and off the pitch.