article: The fiance of a woman could only watch as she fell to her death off a 25-metre cliff during a camping trip south-west of Sydney. Campbelltown couple Paul Veitch and Megan Moody were at the popular swimming hole, Mermaid Pools near Tahmoor, when the 38-year-old plunged to her death on Tuesday night. They had been engaged for two months when Ms Moody slipped while collecting water with a billy can about 8.30pm while her fiance was only just steps behind her, The Sydney Morning Herald reported. Campbelltown couple Paul Veitch and Megan Moody were at the popular swimming hole, Mermaid Pools near Tahmoor, when the 38-year-old plunged to her death on Tuesday night . Mr Veitch, 36, tried to revive her after he made his way down the cliff to the isolated spot and found his fiancee's unconscious body. When she was unresponsive, he made his way back to their campsite and called for emergency services. Police told Fairfax Media Ms Moody's death appeared to be an accident but they were still investigating the matter. '[There were] no arguments before. Actually they were out there having a good time and camping overnight,' Camden police Inspector Jayne Doherty said. They had been engaged for two months when Ms Moody slipped while collecting water with a billy can about 8.30pm while her fiance was only just steps behind her . On September 4, Mr Veitch announced his engagement to 'Meg' on Facebook after being together for just six months and said she had made him 'real happy'. 'I lashed out and offered to marry her,' he wrote. 'Geez it felt good when i got told to bugger off nar jokes the ring fit an she said yes woohoo my meg rules hah anutha 9 day in paradise party on (sic).' Three days later after the engagement, Mr Veitch - who listed his occupation as a prawn trawler -posted a selfie of him and Ms Moody smiling at 'a cool little pad up the mountains'. The couple had been planning on spending the night at Mermaid Pools with police warning people to be careful when camping near cliffs. 'Just a general warning to people who are attending these sort of areas of a night time - particularly if people are intoxicated,' Inspector Michael Bright told ABC Radio. 'There's no lighting, it's quite a high area - there's a lot of cliff face around it and there's also no mobile service so if something goes wrong it's an area where you're not going to get a quick response from emergency services.' Police will prepare a report for the coroner.
highlights: Peter Veitch and Megan Moody were camping south-west of Sydney . Mr Veitch was steps behind his fiancee when she fell while collecting water . The 36-year-old tried to revive her after climbing down the cliff to save her . The couple had only been engaged for two months .
id: 9b70fef0eaa07bac77608dd5cd717cd48b66fc48
chatgpt: Tragedy struck at a campsite in the south-western part of Sydney, Australia, as a young couple's engagement came to a tragic end. Peter Veitch and Megan Moody were enjoying a weekend camping trip when the unthinkable happened. According to reports, Mr Veitch was just steps behind his fiancée when she slipped and fell while collecting water. In a heroic attempt to save her, Mr Veitch bravely climbed down the cliff to reach her. When he got to her, he tried to revive her, but unfortunately, it was too late. The couple, who had only been engaged for two months, had been looking forward to starting their life together. In an emotional tribute, Mr Veitch described Ms Moody as "the love of his life" and spoke of her infectious smile and her drive to make the world a better place. The news of the couple's tragic end has sent shockwaves through the community, and many have taken to social media to express their condolences. One friend of the couple wrote, "My heart breaks for Peter and Megan's family. They were such a beautiful couple, always so full of life and adventure." The couple had been avid travelers and had visited many countries together. They had been planning to start a family and had talked about traveling the world with their children. Unfortunately, those plans will never come to fruition. The police have launched an investigation into the cause of Ms Moody's fall, but at this stage, it is believed to have been a tragic accident. The couple was camping in an area that was well known for its steep cliffs and rugged terrain, and it is possible that Ms Moody's fall was due to a misstep or a loose patch of ground. As the investigation continues, the local community has rallied around Mr Veitch, offering their support and comfort during these difficult times. A spokesperson for the local council expressed their condolences to the families and friends of the couple, saying that "our hearts go out to those affected by this tragic event". The couple's families have requested privacy during this time, but have thanked the community for their outpouring of support. They have described Peter and Megan as "two beautiful souls who brought light into the world" and said that they will always be remembered, with love and affection. The story of Peter Veitch and Megan Moody is a tragic reminder of how precious life can be and how quickly it can be taken away. They were a young couple, full of dreams and plans for the future, whose lives were cut short in a heartbreaking accident. Their families and friends will carry their memory in their hearts forever, and their love story will serve as an inspiration to all who knew them.