article: (EW.com) -- Today, the Directors Guild of America announced its nominees for TV and commercials. Some of the shows involved are predictable ("Homeland," "Mad Men," "Louie," "Girls"), while others aren't (check out that Reality category!). The list: . Dramatic Series: . Michael Cuesta, Showtime's Homeland, "The Choice" Jennifer Getzinger, AMC's Mad Men, "A Little Kiss" Lesli Linka Glatter, Showtime's Homeland, "Q&A" Rian Johnson, AMC's Breaking Bad, "Fifty-One" Greg Mottola, HBO's The Newsroom, "We Just Decided To" Comedy Series: . Louis C.K., FX's Louie, "New Year's Eve" Mark Cendrowski, CBS's The Big Bang Theory, "The Date Night Variable" Bryan Cranston, ABC's Modern Family, "Election Day" Lena Dunham, HBO's Girls, "Pilot" Beth McCarthy-Miller, NBC's 30 Rock, "Live from Studio 8H" Movies for Television and Mini-Series: . Greg Berlanti, USA's Political Animals, "Pilot" Philip Kaufman, HBO's Hemingway & Gellhorn . Kevin Reynolds, History's Hatfields & McCoys . Jay Roach, HBO's Game Change . Michael Rymer, FX's American Horror Story: Asylum, "Dark Cousin" 'Walking Dead': New midseason poster . Musical Variety: . Michael Dempsey, 12-12-12: The Concert for Sandy Relief . Don Roy King, NBC's Saturday Night Live with host Mick Jagger . Don Mischer, ABC's 84th Annual Academy Awards . Chuck O'Neil, Comedy Central's The Daily Show with Jon Stewart, "Episode #17153″ . Glenn Weiss, CBS' 66th Annual Tony Awards . Reality Programs: . Tony Croll, The CW's America's Next Top Model, "The Girl Who Becomes America's Next Top Model" Peter Ney, Syfy's Face Off, "Scene of the Crime" Brian Smith, Fox's Master Chef, "Episode #305″ . J. Rupert Thompson, NBC's Stars Earn Stripes, "Amphibious Assault" Tim Warren, SpikeTV's Ink Master, "Episode 103″ . 'Justified' boss on 'Hole In the Wall' Daytime Serials: . Albert Alarr, NBC's Days of Our Lives, "Episode #11895″ . Larry Carpenter, ABC's General Hospital, "Bad Water" William Ludel, ABC's General Hospital, "Magic Milo" Scott McKinsey, ABC's General Hospital, "Shot Through the Heart" Jill Mitwell, ABC's One Life to Live, "Between Heaven and Hell" Children's Programs: . Stuart Gillard, Disney Channel's Girl vs. Monster . Paul Hoen, Disney Channel's Let it Shine . Savage Steve Holland, Nickelodeon's Big Time Movie . Jonathan Judge, Nickelodeon's Camp Fred . Amy Schatz, HBO's Don't Divorce Me! Kids' Rules for Parents on Divorce . Commercials: . Lance Acord (Jogger, Nike; The Dog Strikes Back, Volkswagen 2012; Thread, Levi's; Greatness, Nike) Steve Ayson (Beer Chase, Carlton Draught; Let Me Go, The Cosmopolitan of Los Vegas) Fredrik Bond (Surfer, Puma; Eternal Optimism, Budweiser) Alejandro G. Inarritu (Best Job, Proctor and Gamble) Tom Kuntz (Terry Crews Muscle Minds, Old Spice; Stray Animals, DirecTV; Roadside Ditch, DirecTV; Platoon, DirecTV) The DGA Awards will be hosted by Kelsey Grammer on February 2. See the original article at EW.com. CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly . © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. All rights reserved.
highlights: The Directors Guild of America has announced its nominees for TV and commercials . "Louie," "BBT," "Modern Family," "Girls" and "30 Rock" the nominees for comedy series . "America's Next Top Model" is among the shows nominated in the reality category .
id: b027d03caec9d48339848de807786fc73f02936d
chatgpt: The Directors Guild of America (DGA) has revealed the nominees for its 2013 awards for outstanding directorial achievement. The list of nominees for television and commercials includes several standout programs from the past year. In the comedy series category, the nominees are "Louie" (directed by Louis C.K.), "The Big Bang Theory" (directed by Mark Cendrowski), "Modern Family" (directed by Gail Mancuso), "Girls" (directed by Lena Dunham), and "30 Rock" (directed by Beth McCarthy-Miller). The inclusion of "Louie" and "Girls" is particularly noteworthy, as both shows are relatively new and have gained a dedicated following for their unique perspectives and bold storytelling. Meanwhile, the critically-acclaimed "Modern Family" and long-running favorite "30 Rock" are both returning nominees from last year's awards. In the reality television category, the nominees include several shows that have been popular with audiences for years. "Top Chef" (directed by Paul Starkman), "The Amazing Race" (directed by Bertram van Munster), and "Project Runway" (directed by Brian Smith) are all returning nominees from previous years. However, there are also some fresh faces on the list, such as "MasterChef" (directed by Brian Smith) and "America's Next Top Model" (directed by Tony Croll). It is worth noting that "Top Chef" has won the DGA award for reality television in four out of the past five years, so it may have the edge going into this year's ceremony. The DGA awards are considered to be a significant industry honor, as they are voted on by the guild's more than 17,000 members, many of whom are accomplished directors themselves. In the past, the DGA awards have been an accurate predictor of which directors and programs might go on to win at the Emmy Awards, which take place later in the year. The winners of the 2013 DGA awards will be announced on February 2, 2014, during a ceremony at the Hyatt Regency Century Plaza in Los Angeles. In addition to the categories for television and commercials, the DGA will be presenting awards for outstanding directorial achievement in feature film, documentary, and more. Overall, the nominees for television and commercials highlight strong creative achievements across the board, from established favorites like "30 Rock" to rising stars like "Girls" and "Louie." With the breadth and depth of talent represented in the nominations, the 2013 DGA awards promise to be a night to remember.