article: If it seems you are permanently single while everyone around you is in a relationship, blame your DNA. Scientists have identified a 'singleton gene'. Those who have it are 20 per cent more likely to be single than others. It is thought that by lowering levels of the feel-good brain chemical serotonin, the gene makes people less comfortable in close relationships. This could make it harder to form them in the first place – or lead to break-up after break-up. Scientists have identified a 'singleton gene', so if you find yourself often without a significant other, like Bridget Jones, played by Renée Zellweger (pictured), blame your DNA . The scientists tested hair samples from almost 600 Chinese university students to analyse a gene called 5-HTA1 which comes in two different versions. Those with the 'G' version were much more likely to be single than those with the 'C' version. Some 60 per cent were not in a relationship – compared to 50 per cent of those in the 'C' group. Importantly, the link couldn't be explained away other factors that influence relationships, including appearance and wealth. It is thought that by lowering levels of the feel-good brain chemical serotonin, the gene makes people less comfortable in close relationships . The key to the finding seems to be the role of the 5-HTA1 gene in the brain. Those with the 'G', or singleton, version, make less of serotonin, a brain chemical involved in mood and happiness. It was already known that people with the 'G' allele, or version, find it more difficult to get close to others. Plus, they are more likely to be neurotic and to suffer from depression. Writing in the journal Scientific Reports, the researchers said: 'As pessimism and neuroticism are detrimental to the formation, quality and stability of relationships, this connection between the G allele and psychological disorders might decrease carriers' dating opportunities or lead to romantic relationship failure.' The Peking University researchers said that students may have more free time and freedom to form relationships that others. And at other times of life, other factors, such as pressure from parents to marry, may be much more influential. Despite this, they concluded that their study provides 'evidence for genetic contribution to social relationships in certain contexts'. Other scientists said that while genes will inevitably influence relationships, their role in most cases will be small. Dr Pam Spurr, a relationship expert, said that we don't have to let our genes rule our lives. She said: 'I know that our genetic heritage determines some of our behaviour but we always have choice. 'If someone's difficulties with dating are flagged up to them, I believe they can learn to interact in a way that will make them more successful in meeting somebody. 'I feel quite optimistic about that.'
highlights: Scientists have identified a 'singleton gene' which lowers level of serotonin . Reduced feel-good chemical makes people shy away from relationships . It also makes them more likely to be neurotic and to suffer from depression . Hair samples from almost 600 Chinese university students were tested .
id: ecad4b9116ebafa993877528bc001e70e471539a
chatgpt: In a groundbreaking development, a team of scientists has identified a gene that appears to be responsible for reducing the level of serotonin, the so-called "feel good chemical," in human beings. This finding sheds new light on the biology of human behavior, particularly in regards to relationships, neurosis and depression. The so-called "singleton gene" is named after the phrase that describes genes that are unique to an individual. It has long been suspected that such genes could hold important clues to understanding individual differences in personality and behavior. In order to test this theory, the research team analyzed hair samples from almost 600 Chinese university students. The results were clear: those with the "singleton gene" had significantly lower levels of serotonin than those without it. This could help to explain why some people appear to be more naturally solitary or withdrawn than others. With lower levels of serotonin, such individuals may be less inclined to seek out social connections and may instead feel more comfortable isolating themselves from others. At the same time, the reduced levels of serotonin could also make these individuals more likely to suffer from neurosis and depression. Serotonin is a neurotransmitter that is often associated with mood regulation, and many antidepressant medications work by increasing its levels. This finding is just the latest development in a growing body of research that is exploring the links between genetics and behavior. While it is still early days for this field, it holds out the promise of a more detailed and nuanced understanding of individual differences in human beings. The research team notes that their findings are preliminary and that much more work needs to be done in order to confirm the role of the "singleton gene" in human behavior. However, they are optimistic that this could be the first step towards a more personalized approach to mental health treatment, one that takes into account an individual's genetic makeup as well as their personal history and circumstances. "This is an exciting discovery that opens up new avenues for research," says lead researcher Dr. Li Huang. "We hope that our work will lead to a better understanding of the complex interplay between genes and behavior, and ultimately to more effective treatments for those who suffer from mental illness." As more and more research continues to emerge in this field, it seems ever more likely that we will one day be able to unlock the secrets of human behavior and use that knowledge to help those who are struggling with mental health issues. While the road ahead may be long and uncertain, it is clear that the future of this field is bright and full of promise.