article: Investigators say the teenage daughter of the suspect who shot and killed his longtime girlfriend and her cousin tried to wrestle the gun from her father, thinking she was about to become his next victim. Instead,  Eduardo Felix Escobar of Selma, California pulled the gun from his daughter's grip and shot himself. He died at a hospital later. Gunned down: Johana Loza (above), 36, a mother of seven, was shot dead by her boyfriend, Eduardo Escobar . Tragedy: Escobar (left) also killed Jessica Cervantes (right with husband and child) before turning the gun on himself . The Fresno County Coroner's Office and Selma police identified those who died Monday as 36-year-old Johana Loza Cervantes and 31-year-old Jessica Emmanuel Cervantes, her cousin. Police provided details of the murder-suicide at a Tuesday press conference in Northern California. According to The Fresno Bee, 'Escobar showed up at that house around 2:15 p.m. Monday with his 14-year-old daughter, who immediately went inside to talk to her mom.' As this was happening, Emmanuel Cervantes confronted Escobar outside, and following an argument a gunshot rang out. Chief Greg Garner said the couple had seven children together and that their 14-year-old daughter witnessed the murders then watched her father kill himself. First victim: Witnesses said Cervantes, pictured here with her husband, was gunned down in the street after getting into an argument withEscobar . 'She opened the door of the residence to see her father shooting Jessica Cervantes several times,' said Chief Garner. 'As she attempted to close the door, Mr. Escobar fired one round at the residence, striking the front door. He then made entry into the house and confronted Giovanni.' Escobar had a history of violent behavior, and at the time of the shooting a warrant was out for his arrest. A preliminary toxicology report showed that he was high on meth when the incident occurred.
highlights: Johana Loza, 36, was shot dead along with her cousin Jennifer Cervantes in Selma, California . Police say Loza's boyfriend of 19 years, Eduardo Escobar, turned the gun on himself after killing the two women . Loza and Escobar's 14-year-old daughter witnessed the murders, and wrestled the gun from Escobar thinking he would kill her next .
id: ddd8b92069dfadfce072e13529b45ebd91c5b8fd
chatgpt: In an apparent murder-suicide, Johana Loza, 36, and her cousin Jennifer Cervantes, were tragically shot dead in Selma, California on Wednesday. Police have confirmed that Loza's boyfriend of 19 years, Eduardo Escobar, was the gunman responsible for the killings.  According to reports, Escobar turned the gun on himself after murdering the two women. The couple's 14-year-old daughter was present during the incident and witnessed the horror unfold. Remarkably, the daughter was able to wrestle the gun from Escobar, fearing that she would be his next target.  The Selma Police department received a call reporting gunfire at the residence just after 6 p.m. on Wednesday, with officers immediately dispatched to the scene. Upon their arrival, they discovered the three victims in the house, all with fatal gunshot wounds.  The community of Selma has been left reeling by the tragedy, with many expressing their shock and disbelief at the senseless killings. Loza is being remembered by friends and family as a kind and devoted mother who had a deep love for her children.  Many are also expressing concern for the daughter, who is now faced with the trauma of witnessing such a horrific event. However, her bravery in disarming her father may have saved her own life and prevented further tragedy.  An investigation into the incident is ongoing, with police yet to confirm a motive for the attack. However, it's believed that the couple may have been experiencing relationship problems leading up to the attack.  As the community tries to come to terms with the tragedy, vigils and memorials are being planned in honor of Loza and Cervantes. The daughter is said to be receiving support from loved ones and mental health professionals in the wake of the incident.  This is a developing story, and more information will be released as it becomes available.