article: By . Helen Lawson . PUBLISHED: . 04:30 EST, 20 April 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 04:40 EST, 20 April 2013 . Wine could become too expensive for anyone but the wealthy thanks to Government restrictions and taxes, says one major retailer. A potential ban on multi-buy offers in supermarkets and the recent 10p rise in wine duty could be responsible for drinkers turning to beer instead, according to Stephen Lewis, the chief executive of Majestic Wine. This could reverse the 'revolution' of people enjoying a glass of wine with a meal, he said. A potential ban on multi-buy offers by the Government could lead people to abandon wine for cheaper drinks, says one retailer . 'Having established this culture of food and wine, you know, which is a sea change from where we were 30 years ago, why would we want to stop that?' Mr Lewis, whose chain has nearly 200 stores in the UK. told the Daily Telegraph. He said that banning drinks offers in supermarkets would not solve the problem of anti-social behaviour. 'The Majestic consumer is not the person who’s smashing up things, they’re not the problem drinkers', he told the newspaper. Yesterday, the minister for public health indicated a decision over introducing minimum alcohol pricing may never be taken, despite it being backed at first by David Cameron. Public health minister Anna Soubry said minimum alcohol pricing may never be introduced . Anna Soubry said the policy could seem like 'big bossy government cracking down on people who don't have a problem', in an interview with BBC Radio 4's Today programme. She said the Government was yet to decide if it would introduce a 45p minimum unit price and possibly never would. Reports emerged last month that the controversial plans had been ditched amid claims David Cameron had run into fierce opposition from Cabinet colleagues, including Home Secretary Theresa May. The Prime Minister insists the Government is considering the outcome of a consultation and wants to act to curb cheap drink. Ms Soubry told BBC Radio 4's Today programme: 'On alcohol, I don't think we have actually made a decision yet and there are good arguments both in favour of it and against it. 'I was not convinced. I have been convinced because I met a whole load of liver specialists and doctors and they persuaded me it was a good idea.' Asked if she had convinced Mr Cameron, she replied: 'Oh yeah.' Asked when there would be a decision on alcohol pricing: 'I don't know.' When presenter John Humphrys said: 'In other words we may not?', she replied: 'We may not.'
highlights: Chief executive of Majestic Wine says drinkers could turn to beer if multi-buy offers are scrapped .
id: ba3f36dd495c411ef3fbfef2e20782ce2033f42e
chatgpt: The Chief Executive of Majestic Wine, John Colley, has warned that consumers may turn to beer if multi-buy offers are scrapped. Speaking to the Times, Colley said that the company would have to rethink its pricing strategy if the government introduces a minimum unit price for alcohol. The Scottish Government recently passed legislation to introduce a minimum price per unit of alcohol, with the new rules set to come into effect in May 2018. The move has been hailed by health campaigners as a way to reduce alcohol-related harm, but some industry leaders have warned it could be a blow to their business. Colley said that if the minimum unit price led to the scrapping of multi-buy offers, consumers could be forced to seek out cheaper alternatives. "We're in danger of pushing people to beer," he said. "If the government insists on a minimum price per unit of alcohol, we'll have to look at how we can maintain value for our customers." Majestic Wine currently offers a discount of up to 25 percent on wine when customers purchase six or more bottles. The retailer has also experimented with a "buy one, get one half price" deal on own-label wines. The Scottish Government's decision has also been criticised by some in the drinks industry, who argue that it will have little impact on problem drinkers. "Minimum pricing is likely to have a minimal impact in reducing harmful drinking and it will hit responsible drinkers in the pocket," said Iain Duncan, Director of the Scotch Whisky Association. However, John Colley argued that it was important for retailers to play their part in promoting responsible drinking. "We have a duty to our customers to help them enjoy wine in moderation and in a responsible way," he said. The Scottish Government's minimum pricing policy has been a long time in the making, with supporters arguing that it will help to reduce alcohol-related harm by discouraging the sale of cheap, high-strength drinks. The policy was first proposed over five years ago, but faced legal challenges from the drinks industry before finally receiving the green light from the Scottish courts earlier this year. Despite the concerns of some retailers, the introduction of minimum pricing in Scotland has been welcomed by health campaigners. Alison Douglas, Chief Executive of Alcohol Focus Scotland, said: "Minimum pricing is a crucial measure to improve Scotland's relationship with alcohol. It is a fair, proportionate and effective way of tackling the cheap, high-strength alcohol that causes so much harm in our communities." It remains to be seen whether the rest of the UK will follow Scotland's lead and introduce minimum pricing on alcohol. However, if it does, retailers like Majestic Wine may have to adapt their pricing strategies in order to maintain customer loyalty.