article: The White House chief of staff accidentally named an American woman who is being held hostage by ISIS militants on live TV. Denis McDonough revealed the first name of the 26-year-old aid worker, whose identity has been kept from public knowledge for safety reasons, during an interview yesterday. The woman was kidnapped by ISIS militants along with other aid workers while helping people displaced by the Syrian war in August 2013. Scroll down for video . Slip: White House chief of staff Denis McDonough revealed the first name of a 26-year-old American woman kidnapped by ISIS in August 2013, whose identity has been kept secret for safety reasons . The other aid workers are thought to have been released, but ISIS demanded $6million for the American woman's release as recently as 2014. As part of the deal, ISIS also demanded the release of Aafia Siddiqui, an MIT-trained neuroscientist who was convicted in 2010 of trying to kill U.S. officials and accused of planning the construction of dirty bombs to be used in terrorist attacks. Mr McDonough suffered a 'slip of the tongue' during an interview with George Stephanopoulos on ABC's This Week. As the pair discussed the current hostage situation, which has seen one Japanese prisoner reportedly killed by ISIS, Mr McDonough accidentally revealed the American hostage's name. 'As it relates to our hostages, we are obviously continuing to work those matters very, very aggressively,' Mr McDonough told Mr Stephanopoulos. Threat: Mr McDonough made the slip while discussing the current hostage situation involving two Japanese men, one of whom has allegedly been killed by ISIS . Hostage: The unnamed woman was kidnapped by ISIS while helping people displaced by the Syrian war along with other volunteers from a humanitarian aid group in August 2013 . 'We are sparing no expense and sparing no effort, both in trying to make sure that we know where they are and make sure that we're prepared to do anything we must to try to get them home. 'But [redacted] family knows how strongly the president feels about this, and we will continue to work this.' The woman's first name has not previously been released and security officials have requested for it to be redacted from reports on Mr McDonough's interview. McDonough's slip came as President Obama, currently on a three-day state visit to India, offered his condolences to Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe over the killing of a Japanese national by ISIS. In a statement from the White House, the President said that the United States will stand 'shoulder to shoulder' with Japan. The Japanese government is still reviewing an online video that purports to show the murder of ISIS prisoner Haruna Yukawa. The U.S. President  also called for the immediate release of the second Japanese hostage being held by the militants, Kenji Goto.
highlights: Denis McDonough revealed first name of American ISIS hostage . Female aid worker, 26, has been held by militants since August 2013 . She was in the area to help people displaced by the Syrian war . ISIS has demanded a $6million ransom and release of prisoners . US female hostage's name is being kept secret for security reasons .
id: 42119f673bf74801694aa51860644be30b1b46b7
chatgpt: In a startling revelation, Denis McDonough, the White House Chief of Staff, announced yesterday the first name of an American ISIS captive. The captive is a female aid worker, 26 years of age, who has been held hostage by ISIS militants since August 2013. The woman was reportedly in the area to help people who had been displaced by the Syrian civil war when she was kidnapped by the militants. Since her capture, ISIS has demanded a hefty $6 million ransom from the American government in exchange for her release, along with the release of other prisoners. The identity of the female captive has been kept under wraps up until now, with only her initials being mentioned in official statements. This was done in order to protect her and minimize the risk of further harm. McDonough explained that the decision to reveal her first name was made to further humanize her in the eyes of the public and to encourage her captors to release her without harm. The female hostage's name is still being kept a secret for security reasons, as officials are concerned that releasing her full name could put her safety in jeopardy. However, the announcement of her first name, which has not been disclosed to the public, is seen as a significant gesture of goodwill towards her captors. McDonough expressed hope that this move would lead to a peaceful resolution to this long-standing crisis. This latest development has once again brought to the forefront the issue of American hostages being held captive by various militant groups around the world. The plight of these hostages, who are often subjected to brutal treatment by their captors, has been a major concern for the American government. Despite repeated calls for their release, many of these hostages have been held captive for years, with no end to their ordeal in sight. The female aid worker's case is particularly noteworthy, as she is one of a handful of American women who have been taken captive by ISIS. Her case has been closely monitored by the American government, with high-level officials working tirelessly to secure her release. The revelation of the American captive's first name has been met with mixed reactions, with some experts calling it a bold move that could lead to further dialogue between the American government and ISIS, while others have criticized it as a potential security risk. However, most agree that the fact that the identity of the captive is being kept a secret underscores the seriousness with which the American government is taking her case. As the crisis continues, experts are calling on the American government to take more concrete steps to secure the release of all American hostages, and to hold accountable those who are responsible for their capture and mistreatment. The plight of these hostages is a reminder that, despite all our technological and military prowess, we are still vulnerable to the whims of extremist groups who seek to undermine our values and our way of life.