article: Extreme abuse: The four children were beaten with iron bars and whips and locked in suitcases (file photo) A barbaric couple who ‘waterboarded’ their four children during ten years of captivity and abuse have gone on trial in Belgium. Parents Sebastien Hardenne and Isabelle Simon also kept their three girls and a boy in a locked room at night and ‘fed’ them through a small hole in the wall, it was heard. They beat them with sticks, an iron bar and whips and tortured them with an electric fly swatter, police have revealed. The father urinated in the children’s mouths and even practised ‘water-boarding’ torture similar to that allegedly used at America’s Guantanamo Bay prison, the court was told. Two girls were also locked in a suitcase smeared with dog excrement and swung around a room, it was heard. Social services in the town of Biron were alerted by the children’s school in 2003 that they were dirty and undernourished, but the warning went unheeded. The youngsters - now aged 11 to around 16 - are being cared for permanently by social services in the town of Namur. Neighbour Anne-Marie Durieux told Belgian media the saw the couple as worse than notorious Belgian child killer Marc Dutroux. She added: 'They are worse than him because they did it to their own children. 'It makes me feel physically ill to realise now the extent of what the children were suffering and that I didn’t spot it.' In care: The children are now being looked after in Namur, South Belgium . Guantanamo Bay: The accused are said to have practiced 'water-boarding' torture similar to that allegedly used at America's prison, the court was told . The couple’s lawyer Jacqueline Petit said they ‘felt sorry’ for what they had done and handed the court a letter of apology from the parents to their children. The pair face ten years in prison on charges of ‘inflicting inhuman treatment’ at the trial in Marche-en-Famenne which is due to end on June 12.
highlights: Sebastien Hardenne and Isabelle Simon tortured their son and three daughters . Belgian couple face ten years in prison for inflicting inhuman treatment . Concerns about children's welfare reported in 2003 but social services did not intervene . Father urinated on children, now aged 11 to 16 and beat them with whips .
id: 5e0e2883fe8ddeeddde9ad03f7e65343f8a40f55
chatgpt: A Belgian couple, Sebastien Hardenne and Isabelle Simon, are facing a ten-year prison sentence for their horrific crimes against their four children. The couple was found guilty of inflicting inhuman treatment on their children, which included torture and physical abuse. The case dates back to 2003 when concerns regarding the welfare of the children were reported to social services. Shockingly, no action was taken to intervene, and the children continued to suffer. The abuse was only discovered when one of the children confided in a teacher, who then notified the authorities. The children, aged 11 to 16, were subjected to heinous acts of cruelty by their parents. The father, Sebastien Hardenne, would urinate on them, beat them with whips, and inflict severe burns on their skin. The mother, Isabelle Simon, participated in the abuse by encouraging her husband and refusing to provide appropriate medical care for their injuries. During the trial, the children testified to the brutal abuse they endured. They recounted the fear they felt towards their parents and described how they were denied basic necessities such as food, water, and sleep. The judge in the case condemned the couple's actions as "barbaric and inexcusable." The sentence of ten years in prison is the maximum allowed under Belgian law. The case has raised concerns about the effectiveness of social services in Belgium. How could such horrific abuse go undetected for so long? The children's suffering could have been prevented if social services had intervened when concerns about their welfare were first reported in 2003. The case also highlights the need for greater awareness of child abuse and neglect. It is important that society as a whole is vigilant, and if anyone suspects that a child is in danger, they should report it to the authorities immediately. The children in this case have suffered unimaginable trauma, but they can now begin to heal with the knowledge that their abusers will be held accountable for their actions. Hopefully, this case will serve as a warning to others that child abuse will not be tolerated, and the perpetrators will be brought to justice.