article: Just days after the militant group the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria said they killed hundreds of Syrians, dozens of Iraqi Christian families are now fleeing the ISIS-controlled city of Mosul, hoping to avoid a similar fate. On Friday, the al Qaeda splinter group issued an ultimatum to Iraqi Christians living in Mosul -- by Saturday at noon (5 a.m. ET), they must convert to Islam, pay a fine or face "death by the sword." A total of 52 Christian families left the city of Mosul early Saturday morning, with an armed group prohibiting some of them from taking anything but the clothes on their backs. "They told us, 'You to leave all of your money, gold, jewelry and go out with only the clothes on you,'" Wadie Salim told CNN. Images obtained exclusively by CNN show that the phrase "property of ISIS" scrawled in black paint on a number of the homes that were abandoned. Some of the families headed for Irbil -- which is currently controlled by Kurdish forces -- and others toward the Dohuk province. The majority went to Dohuk, which is 140 kilometers (87 miles) north of Mosul. "We did not know how to act," said another Mosul resident, Um Nazik. "Are we going to get killed?" ISIS was able to take over large swaths of land due to the lack of centralized authority in both Iraq and war-torn Syria. The Sunni militants hope to establish an Islamic state throughout the region it currently controls. Salman al-Farisi, the ISIS-appointed governor of Mosul, declared that any family that planned to on staying in Mosul and not to converting to Islam would be required to pay 550,000 Iraqi dinar (about $470). Letters distributed to Christians in Mosul in recent days said  ISIS's leader, Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, agreed to allow those who didn't embrace Islam or pay a special jizya tax to leave. ISIS is notorious for its brutality -- the group is so violent that al Qaeda has attempted to distance itself from its former affiliate. On Thursday in Syria's Homs province, the militant Sunni group killed 270 people after storming and seizing the Shaer gas field, the group said. MAPS: Understanding the crisis .
highlights: Families were told to leave their valuables and "go out with only the clothes on you" ISIS had decreed that Christians had to convert, pay extra taxes or "face death by the sword" On Friday, ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi gave Christians in Mosul one day to leave .
id: c3562bd1aab0774bcad6b9e96c1e0d8f4c08f94d
chatgpt: In a chilling announcement, ISIS issued a warning to the Christian community in Mosul, Iraq that they would have one day to leave the city or face dire consequences. Families were told to abandon their homes, taking only the clothes on their backs and leave behind all their valued possessions. The Islamist extremist group made it clear that Christians had three choices. The first option was to convert to Islam, the second to pay an extra tax or the third, face death by the sword. The edict did not spare women and children, who were required to adhere to the same decree as their adult male counterparts. The Christian community in Mosul, which is over 2,000 years old, had been dwindling in numbers in recent years, but it has suffered a significant decline since the rise of ISIS in the region three years ago. The news of the expulsion order sent panic to Christian households in the city as they scrambled to find a place of refuge. Many chose to flee to the nearby Kurdish region or head to churches in other parts of Iraq. ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, who issued the ultimatum, has been known for his brutality and his determination to create an Islamic state from Iraq to Syria. His organization has been accused of torture, mass killings, and enslavement of women and children. The latest edict against the Christian community is one of many such orders that ISIS has imposed on minority groups in the area, including Shia Muslims and the Yazidis. In a statement, the United Nations condemned the threat against the Christian community, and urged the militants to end their violent campaign. Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi also criticized the move by ISIS, saying that it exposed the group's true demonic nature. He stated that the government would do its utmost to protect the minority groups from the terrorist's organization. As for the Christian community, they are bracing themselves for an uncertain future. With their future and fate uncertain, they can only hope that they will be able to find refuge in safer regions of the country, free from the persecution of ISIS.