article: By . Adam Crafton . Follow @@AdamCrafton_ . Phil Neville's future with Manchester United remains unresolved but it appears increasingly likely that he will have to accept a markedly reduced role at Old Trafford next season. Sportsmail understands that Neville will hold high level talks with executive vice-chairman Edward Woodward within the next week as the two parties attempt to find a compromise solution following the appointment of Louis van Gaal. Neville, a graduate of the Class of '92, was brought to Old Trafford by the recently-deposed David Moyes last summer in the role of first-team coach and was then retained when Ryan Giggs assumed managerial responsibilities for the final four games of the season. VIDEO Scroll down for Giggs, Scholes, Neville and Butt talking tactics at United . Right-Hand Man: David Moyes' former assistant Phil Neville is likely to have a reduced role this season . Experience: He has more recently been at the World Cup as part of the BBC's coverage . However, new manager Louis van Gaal has brought in his own men to work alongside himself and Giggs, who will work as assistant manager. Marcel Bout was appointed as an assistant coach at the beginning of the summer and further doubt was cast over Neville's role after fellow Dutchman Albert Stuivenberg was appointed on Sunday afternoon to work under Van Gaal with the first team. The United players who did not feature at the World Cup - including cast-offs such as Bebe and Anderson - returned for medical tests late last week before beginning ball-playing sessions under Ryan Giggs on Monday. Own team: Louis van Gaal has brought in a lot of his own men for the job at Old Trafford . The new man: Ryan Giggs will be the new No 2 at Manchester United . Experience: But the Man Utd board want to keep as many of the Class of '92 as possible at Old Trafford . Certainly, one would expect that a senior coach to be present on the first day back for pre-season but a senior United source was unable to confirm on Monday evening whether Neville had been present at the club's Carrington training ground as the players regrouped following their summer break. United are understood to be keen to retain Neville's services in some capacity, maintaining that 'the Class of '92 are very important to the club' but with Van Gaal's backroom staff becoming increasingly bloated, the former United player is going to have to settle for a role carrying considerably less responsibility than last season.
highlights: Neville's future at the club remains unresolved with pre-season underway . Will have a markedly reduced role should he remain at Old Trafford . New boss Louis van Gaal will bring many of his own people in with fellow Class of '92 member Ryan Giggs appointed as his No 2 .
id: d199255282e5755e4ccd3db3588448764eb5e998
chatgpt: As Manchester United start their pre-season training, Phil Neville's fate at the club remains uncertain. Despite being appointed as first-team coach by David Moyes, Neville's future appears to be in limbo under new boss Louis van Gaal.  Should Neville remain at Old Trafford, it is rumoured that his role within the club will be significantly diminished. With van Gaal bringing in many of his own coaching staff, Neville may find himself pushed to the periphery of the club's operations.  Neville's potential demotion is not surprising given van Gaal's reputation for shaking things up at the clubs he manages. The Dutchman has a clear vision for Manchester United and is expected to make several changes to ensure the club returns to its former glories.  One of the more surprising decisions made by van Gaal was the appointment of fellow Class of '92 member Ryan Giggs as his assistant manager. Giggs, who retired from playing football in May, already has experience coaching the club having taken over as interim coach when Moyes was sacked.  Giggs' appointment is seen by many as an indication of van Gaal's desire to integrate former United players back into the club. Alongside Giggs, van Gaal has also brought in Marcel Bout as his assistant coach and Frans Hoek as his goalkeeping coach.  Despite being a former player and well-liked figure at the club, Neville may find himself surplus to requirements under van Gaal's new regime. However, his departure from the club would be a significant loss given his experience and tactical knowledge. Neville has been instrumental in the development of several young players at United and has worked closely with Moyes in implementing a new system at the club.  United fans will be anxiously watching developments over the coming weeks as the club prepares for the new season. With the arrival of several high-profile players, including Luke Shaw and Ander Herrera, as well as van Gaal's new coaching staff, expectations are high for United to return to their former glory under the Dutchman's leadership.  Van Gaal has proven himself to be a tough and uncompromising manager, but his track record of success and tactical acumen make him the perfect choice to lead United back to the top of English football. Whether Neville remains at the club or not, United will be looking to build on their pre-season preparations and start the new season with a renewed sense of purpose and determination.