article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 01:53 EST, 9 December 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 03:13 EST, 9 December 2013 . People buying insurance plans through Obamacare's online exchanges may not have full access to some of the nation's top hospitals, it has been claimed. In a bid to cut costs, insurers selling cover on the new exchanges in states including New York, Texas and California will not offer patients access to two renowned cancer centers - Memorial Sloan Kettering in Manhattan and MD Anderson Cancer Center in Houston, according to The Financial Times. Access to Cedars-Sinai in Los Angeles, one of the top research and teaching hospitals, may also be limited, as the insurers attempt to steer customers away from hospitals or doctors they consider too expensive. Top hospital: Memorial Sloan Kettering in Manhattan, pictured, is among a few that insurers are limiting access to . However, millions of currently uninsured Americans will still be better off than if they had no cover at all. According to the FT, customers with certain plans can elect to see doctors or be treated at hospitals that are 'out of network' but this would likely incur high out of pocket costs and may require a referral to ensure it's a necessity. Some hospital officials are worried about what they call an unintended consequence of the new law. 'We're very concerned. (Insurers) know patients that are sick come to places like ours,' Thomas Priselac, president and chief executive officer of Cedars-Sinai Health System in California told the FT. 'What this is trying to do is redirect those patients elsewhere, but there is a reason why they come here. These patients need what it is that we are capable of providing.' Innovative: Cedars-Sinai in Los Angeles, pictured, one of the top research and teaching hospitals in the country, will also be limited, however, uninsured patients will still have vastly more healthcare options than they previously did . Another famous hospital, the Mayo Clinic in Minnesota, was also limited until healthcare exchange board officials pushed insurers to expand their network. Spokeswoman Kathleen Harrington said the clinic is now available on seven different plans from two insurance companies. The Department of Health and Human Services told the FT millions of families would have vastly increased access to medical providers thanks to the new exchanges. 'Decisions about which private health insurance plans cover which doctors is a decision currently made by insurers and providers and will continue that way,' the spokeswoman said. Mr Priselac urged insurers to offer the top hospitals, which are often leaders in innovation, because the efficiency that innovation affords actually reduces the cost for everyone in the long run.
highlights: Insurers selling cover on the new exchanges will not offer access to cancer centers, Memorial Sloan Kettering in Manhattan and MD Anderson Cancer Center in Houston . Access to Cedars-Sinai in Los Angeles, one of the top research and teaching hospitals, may also be limited .
id: 644800b173d2270fe123a4593dd653bec84546ae
chatgpt: In a major blow to cancer patients seeking high-quality treatments, leading insurance companies selling coverage on the new exchanges will not be providing access to two of the most prestigious cancer centers - the Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center in Manhattan and the MD Anderson Cancer Center in Houston. Some other centers, including the world-renowned Cedars-Sinai hospital in Los Angeles, might also face access limitations. This move has sparked outrage from patient advocates and oncologists, who argue that these restrictions run counter to the aim of the Affordable Care Act (ACA) - to improve access to crucial health services for all Americans. According to an analysis by the consulting group Avalere Health, nearly 7 million people on the ACA exchanges may not have access to these leading cancer centers. The reasons for the denial of access are complex, but they mostly relate to the way that insurance companies negotiate prices with healthcare providers. Insurers typically seek to control costs by limiting the number of doctors and hospitals that patients can visit, which reduces the amount of money that insurance companies must pay for care. While some hospitals may be willing to negotiate lower prices, these elite cancer centers are unlikely to do so, given their reputation for delivering high-quality, innovative cancer treatments. The denial of access has prompted community protests, with groups of cancer patients and their families speaking out against the restrictions. One such group is Patients for Affordable Drugs, which has launched an online petition urging health insurers to reconsider the limitations. The petition has already attracted over 38,000 signatures, illustrating the widespread public concerns over these developments. Cancer specialists have also expressed their concerns, warning that insurance limitations could compromise cancer patients' chances of survival. Dr. Mark G. Kris, an oncologist at Memorial Sloan Kettering, said that by denying access to high-quality cancer centers, "insurers are gambling with [patients'] lives." Patients who do not have access to top-quality cancer care may be forced to settle for second-best treatments, which could have severe consequences for their health outcomes. While insurance limitations may make sense from a financial standpoint, they could lead to serious consequences for cancer patients. Limiting access to some of the best cancer centers in the country could compromise patient outcomes, resulting in lower recovery rates, higher morbidity rates, and ultimately more suffering for patients and their families. Therefore, it is important for politicians, patient groups, and healthcare providers to work together to find sustainable solutions that balance costs with quality care.