article: The U.S. Navy has rejected the Navy Cross for Lt. Thomas Michael Conway, a 'heroic' chaplain who died while ministering to sailors . The U.S. Navy has rejected the Navy Cross for a 'heroic' chaplain who died while ministering to sailors in shark-infested waters after their ship was torpedoed during World War II. Lt. Thomas Michael Conway, a Catholic priest from Buffalo, New York, reportedly spent three nights praying with those aboard the USS Indianapolis in the Philippine Sea until he drowned aged 37. A Veterans Memorial Committee in Waterbury, where Conway was born, appealed to the Navy last year in a bid to get his actions recognized but the case has now been denied. The board  submitted testimonies from survivors, letters from Conway's family and other materials. Frank J. Centazzo, a survivor of the USS Indianapolis who is now deceased, previously described Conway as a 'respected' and 'loved' man. Recalling the chaplain's final hours, Centazzo wrote: 'I was in the group with Father Conway. I saw him go from one small group to another getting the shipmates to join in prayer and asking them not to give up hope of being rescued. 'He kept working until he was exhausted. I remember on the third day late in the afternoon when he approached me and Paul McGiness. 'He was thrashing the water and Paul and I held him so he could rest a few hours. 'Later, he managed to get away from us and we never saw him again.' The Navy refuted some of the documentation submitted by the Waterbury Veterans Memorial Committee and cited Navy regulations requiring those nominating sailors for awards to be of higher rank than the nominee. No survivors of the USS Indianapolis torpedoed in 1945 meet that requirement. Bob Dorr of the Waterbury Veterans Memorial Committee said he is disappointed by the recent decision. He says enlisted men appear to be precluded from making award recommendations. Lost at sea: Conway, a Catholic priest from Buffalo, New York, reportedly spent three nights praying with those aboard the USS Indianapolis (pictured above) in the Philippine Sea until he drowned aged 37 . More than 900 men died on 31 July 1945 when the USS Indianapolis was torpedoed by the Japanese submarine, I-58. Conway passed on August 2 1945 after spending several days swimming to the aid of his shipmates. He served with the navy for three years and was reportedly the last Catholic chaplain to die in WWII. Watch more of Edgar Harrell interview .
highlights: Lt. Thomas Michael Conway from Buffalo, New York, reportedly spent three nights praying with those aboard the USS Indianapolis . He eventually drowned aged 37 . A Veterans Memorial Committee appealed to the Navy last year in a bid to get his actions recognized but the case has now been denied . Frank J. Centazzo, a survivor of the USS Indianapolis who is now deceased, described Conway as 'respected' and 'loved' by his colleagues .
id: 2d8f7ffe0031accde3cf95a54b40fb8fb58100fb
chatgpt: The story of Lt. Thomas Michael Conway from Buffalo, New York, is one of heroism and sacrifice. According to reports, Lt. Conway spent three nights praying with those aboard the USS Indianapolis before eventually drowning at the age of 37. Despite his selfless actions, the Navy has denied a Veterans Memorial Committee's appeal to recognize him for his bravery. The USS Indianapolis played a vital role in World War II, delivering parts for the atomic bomb that would eventually be dropped on Hiroshima. However, the ship was also the victim of a devastating torpedo attack by a Japanese submarine in July 1945. After the attack, over 1,000 crew members were left stranded in the Pacific Ocean, with little food or water. It was during this trying time that Lt. Conway reportedly spent three nights praying with his fellow crew members. His actions helped to bring comfort and solace to those who were facing a dire situation. However, Lt. Conway was unable to survive the ordeal and drowned at sea. In the years that followed, survivors of the USS Indianapolis spoke of Lt. Conway's bravery and leadership. Frank J. Centazzo, who himself was a survivor of the attack and has since passed away, described Conway as beloved by his colleagues. Despite these testimonials and the efforts of a Veterans Memorial Committee, the Navy has denied the request to recognize Lt. Conway for his actions. The decision has been met with disappointment and frustration by those who know of Lt. Conway's story. Some have expressed outrage at the Navy for failing to recognize an individual who exhibited such bravery during a time of crisis. Others have pointed out that many other individuals have received recognition for less substantial actions. Despite this setback, the memory of Lt. Conway and his actions aboard the USS Indianapolis will not be forgotten. Those who were fortunate enough to survive the ordeal have carried his memory with them over the years. His legacy serves as a reminder of the sacrifices that were made during one of the darkest chapters of human history. In conclusion, the story of Lt. Thomas Michael Conway is one that deserves to be remembered. His bravery and selflessness in the face of unimaginable adversity is a testament to the human spirit. While the Navy may have denied the request to recognize him for his actions, those who were fortunate enough to know him and serve alongside him will never forget his sacrifice.