article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . An East Tennessee couple have been charged with murder after an autopsy revealed the man's five-year-old daughter had been forced to drink more than two liters of grape soda and water. Alexa Linboom was suffering from extreme brain damage when she was brought to an emergency room on January 1, 2012, by her father, Randall Vaughn and her stepmother, Mary. An investigation found the young girl had been forced to drink the water and soda in one to two hours as punishment after taking one of her stepmother's drinks. Murder charge: Randall and Mary Vaughn allegedly forced his daughter to drink excessive amounts of soda . The huge intake of fluid caused her brain to swell and herniate, which led to her death on January 3, 2012. Vaughn, 41 ,and his wife, 58, have been charged with first-degree murder, two counts of aggravated child neglect and aggravated child abuse. Attorney-general Berkeley Bell told the Times News that after allegedly forcing their child to drink an excessive amount of fluid, they failed to seek immediate medical help. 'Our position is it was a matter of several hours after the child started exhibiting serious symptoms, after the child was screaming out in pain, went into a paralyzed state, and became unconscious [that they sought help,' Bell said. After a two-year investiagtion it was found that Alexa was killed by acute fluid intoxication , which caused hyponatremic encephalopathy. Killed: Alexa Linboom, five, suffered brain damage after being made to drink 2l of fluid in under two hours . Bell said there was no history of abuse on record at the Vaughan family home, but added: 'They did employ some alternative forms of punishment.' 'Allegedly the child, as a form of punishment, was forced to drink grape drinks, as well as a great deal of water, to the point that her body became water intoxicated,' Bell said. 'That led to her brain swelling and all of her systems shutting down, and to her eventual brain death.' Alexa's biological mother lives out of state and six other children who were living in the Vaughan house are now in foster care. The couple are being held on $500,000 bond and are due to appear in court on Friday. Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
highlights: Alexa Linboom suffered extreme brain damage after being made to drink more than 2 liters of fluid in under two hours . Child was allegedly being punished for taking step-mom's drink .
id: 29ed8b263a20b7d3fda1d0dc3e46fcfe91f67eee
chatgpt: Tragic news has emerged from a small town in Tennessee, where a six-year-old girl has suffered severe brain damage after being forced to drink more than two litres of fluid in under two hours. The child, Alexa Linboom, was allegedly being punished for taking a drink that belonged to her step-mother. The incident that occurred in December 2012 shocked jurors when the case was brought before them. According to the testimony of her own siblings, Alexa was repeatedly forced to drink water from a 24-ounce bottle which was refilled until she vomited. The siblings also reported that their father, facing no charges at this time, dipped the girl's head in cold water to wake her up when she passed out. Paramedics were called to the Linboom residence, and Alexa was rushed to a nearby hospital. The medical staff, however, could not save her. She was declared dead two days later. During the trial, the prosecution argued that the parents, who have since divorced, wanted to punish Alexa for drinking her stepmother's coca-cola, and the two liters of water ultimately led to her death. According to the prosecution, this was a form of "waterboarding" and amounted to torture, with Alexa dying from hyponatremia - a condition where the body takes on too much water, leading to an electrolyte imbalance. The defence, however, argued that the couple were not aware of the danger of such high volumes of water consumption and that their actions were not deliberate. Channel 11 News reports that the jury deliberated for only two-and-a-half hours before finding the father and step-mother guilty of first-degree murder. Curiously, the father was also found guilty of aggravated child neglect, while the step-mother was not. The verdict, which was met with audible gasps and tears from the courtroom, means that the couple will be serving life sentences without the possibility of parole. The presiding judge, a longtime veteran of the bench, said that he had never seen a case quite like this and that the couple's actions defied belief. The case also highlights the dangers of excessive water consumption, which can cause severe harm and even result in death. Parents need to be aware of the risks of punishment that involves forcing children to consume excessive amounts of water. They also need to recognize that such punishment amounts to child abuse and is prohibited by law. Alexa's death was tragic, and hopefully, her story will help to prevent similar instances of child abuse from occurring in the future.