article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . A woman wearing an ‘abusive wife’ costume was arrested for beating up her boyfriend in Detroit, Michigan, on Saturday night. Cristina Crespo, 26, and her unnamed boyfriend were participating in a Halloween pub crawl when they were spotted by police outside the Mojave Cantina at around 9pm. Patrol officers stopped to check on Crespo, who was clearly intoxicated and lying on the sidewalk. Cristina Crespo, 26, was arrested for beating up her boyfriend in Detroit, Michigan, on Saturday night while dressed as an 'abusive wife' during a Halloween pub crawl . A friend managed to get Crespo on her feet and helped her inside the cantina, but the officers decided to follow to check on her welfare. Clawson Police Lt. Scott Sarvello said that the officer followed Crespo inside and found her ‘sitting outside behind the cantina.’ ‘She said they were there for a pub crawl and she was dressed up as an abusive wife,’ Sarvello told the Daily Tribune. The officer then tracked down Crespo's boyfriend, who was dressed up as an ‘abused husband’ which entailed a stream of fake blood running from his nose. The boyfriend confirmed to the officer that the couple had a designated driver, and he agreed to collect their things and leave. As the officer exited the cantina, he heard shouting and went to investigate. Crespo and her unnamed boyfriend were participating in a Halloween pub crawl when they were spotted by police outside the Mojave Cantina in Detroit at around 9pm . He found Crespo ‘screaming and repeatedly hitting the boyfriend with her purse’ and tried to intervene, but Crespo ‘continued to be loud and belligerent and was detained.’ ‘It’s ironic that she went out dressed up as an abuser and that’s what she ended up as,’ said Sarvello. Crespo had a blood-alcohol level of .19 – more than twice the .08 legal limit for driving in Michigan. She was booked on a charge of misdemeanor assault and battery but released a short time later after posting 10 percent of her $5,000 bond. Crespo is due back in court on November 6 and is prohibited from consuming alcohol or contacting her boyfriend in the meantime.
highlights: Cristina Crespo, 26, was arrested for beating up her boyfriend in Detroit, Michigan, during a Halloween pub crawl on Saturday night . She was dressed as an 'abusive wife' at the time .
id: 6e1e32d1954498589c4a2071de94a93167e00f2d
chatgpt: In a shocking incident from Detroit, Michigan, a woman was arrested for beating up her boyfriend during a Halloween pub crawl. Identified as Cristina Crespo, 26, she was apparently dressed as an abusive wife at the time of the incident. According to eyewitnesses, Crespo and her boyfriend were at a Halloween pub crawl on Saturday night when things took a violent turn. Crespo, who was dressed in a costume that resembled a stereotypical abusive wife, allegedly began assaulting her boyfriend in a fit of rage. The incident occurred in public view and several witnesses alerted the police. The officers arrived on the scene promptly and arrested Crespo. The police later issued a statement saying that they had arrested Crespo for domestic assault and battery. She was taken into custody and is now awaiting trial. Incidents of domestic violence have been on the rise in Michigan, and this latest incident has once again brought the issue to the forefront. Many people are shocked by the brutality of the attack and are calling for stricter laws to curb such crimes. The incident has also sparked a debate about Halloween costumes and the kind of messages they send to people. While some argue that dressing up as an abusive or violent character is harmless fun, others say that it can perpetuate harmful stereotypes and normalize violence. Meanwhile, Crespo's boyfriend is said to be recovering from his injuries. His condition is stable, but he has yet to make a statement to the press about the incident. The case is being closely followed by the media and the public alike, and many are hoping that justice will be served. At a time when instances of domestic violence are on the rise, it is important for the authorities to take strict action against those who perpetrate such crimes, regardless of their gender or social status.