article: By . Steve Nolan . PUBLISHED: . 15:51 EST, 14 November 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 15:52 EST, 14 November 2013 . It's a struggle for most to get a seat on the Tube at rush hour, but an unlikely passenger managed just that this week. A ginger cat left commuters astounded when he boarded a Victoria Line train and beat his fellow passengers to a seat. The tom travelled 10 stops, between Seven Sisters and Vauxhall, before he was eventually coaxed into a cat carrier by a Paige Jokovic, a volunteer from the nearby Battersea Dogs and Cats Home who happened to be on the same train. Unusual passenger: Oyster the ginger cat travelled 10 stops on the Victoria line this week - and even managed to get a seat . Stowaway: The cat boarded a Victoria Line train (file picture) at Seven Sisters station . The cat has since been taken in by the animal charity and named, rather fittingly, Oyster - after the smartcard used to swipe in and out of the Underground. Paige said: 'I couldn’t believe my eyes when I saw Oyster sitting on a seat on the Tube, and I thought at first he was a teddy bear. 'Everyone around him was just staring like they’d never seen a cat before. No chip: The cat has now been taken in by Battersea Dogs and Cats Home and will be rehomed if its owner is not found . 'Thankfully, I had a cat carrier with me as I had to pick my own cat up from the vets in the evening. 'We both took the Tube to Vauxhall and I’m very pleased I was there to help him get off the Tube, minding the gap, and escort him to Battersea.' Lindsey Quinlan, Battersea’s head of cattery, said: 'Oyster is very lucky to have been found on the Tube by Paige who was able to bring him to Battersea. 'We take in cats which have been found in appalling conditions in unusual places including bins and boxes, but Oyster is a healthy, happy boy who appears to have been simply making his way to central London. 'Oyster doesn’t have a microchip, so if nobody comes forward to collect him, he will be rehomed and hopefully not try to take a trip on the Tube by himself again.' Battersea Dogs and Cats Home was originally founded in 1860 and started accepted cats in 1883. Each year, the home takes care of more than 10,600 animals.
highlights: Oyster travelled between Seven Sisters and Vauxhall on the Victoria line . He was eventually coaxed into a cat carrier by an animal rescue volunteer . The cat has now been taken in by Battersea Dogs and Cats Home .
id: 83efeedc6201fbdb6944321ccfad3dd1970aa7a3
chatgpt: In a heartwarming story that has captured the attention of cat lovers everywhere, a furry feline named Oyster has been safely rescued and taken in by the Battersea Dogs and Cats Home after a daring adventure on the London Underground. The Victoria line is one of the busiest subway lines in the city, but it was no match for Oyster, who managed to slip past his unsuspecting owners and find his way onto the train. Witnesses say he traveled for several stops, meowing and exploring the carriage, before finally disembarking at Vauxhall Station. It wasn't long before the curious cat caught the attention of concerned commuters, who quickly realized that he was lost and in need of help. Passengers tried to coax him out of hiding, but Oyster refused to be caught, darting in and out of tunnels and onto other trains as they passed by. Thankfully, help was on the way. As news of the lost cat spread on social media, animal rescue volunteers from the Battersea Dogs and Cats Home rushed to Seven Sisters Station to join the search. Armed with cat carriers and treats, the team set off in pursuit of Oyster, who was by this point well beyond the safety of the subway platform. For several hours, the volunteers chased the elusive cat through tunnels and across tracks, never giving up hope of catching him. Finally, after an exhausting and perilous search, Oyster was cornered in a stairwell and gently coaxed into a carrier by one of the rescue team. The relieved volunteers praised Oyster for his bravery and sense of adventure, calling him a "true Londoner". They were particularly delighted to discover that the cat had a microchip, allowing them to track down his owners and reunite him with his family. But the story doesn't end there. Oyster's owners, who had been frantically searching for their beloved pet, were overjoyed to hear that he had been found. However, they made the selfless decision to let the cat stay with Battersea Dogs and Cats Home, where he would receive the care and attention he deserved. In a statement, the shelter's spokesperson said, "We are delighted to welcome Oyster to our family. He is a lovely, friendly cat who has stolen the hearts of everyone he meets. We will take good care of him and find him a loving new home in due course." The story of Oyster's subway adventure has captured the hearts of Londoners and cat lovers alike, reminding us all of the special bond between pets and their owners. It's a happy ending that we can all be grateful for, and a reminder that sometimes the most unexpected journeys can lead to the most wonderful destinations.