article: (CNN) -- Police say guilt was written all over their faces. Police received a call Friday night that two men with hooded sweatshirts and painted faces had tried to break into a man's home in Carroll, Iowa. When police stopped a vehicle matching the caller's description blocks away, they were stunned by the men's disguises. There were no ski masks or stockings pulled over their heads; instead, Matthew Allan McNelly, 23, and Joey Lee Miller, 20, streaked their faces with permanent black marker. Carroll Police Chief Cayler told CNN the strange disguises made it easier for his officers. "We're very skilled investigators and the black faces gave them right away," Cayler said jokingly. "I have to assume the officers were kind of laughing at the time. I've never heard of coloring your face with a permanent marker." Cayler said police believe one of the alleged burglars targeted the home because he suspected his girlfriend had a relationship with the man who lived there. "They probably were just not thinking straight and figured we'll go out and scare the guy or whatever," Cayler said. "[They were] being dumb and combine that with alcohol and it was the perfect storm." Both men were charged with attempted burglary, and McNelly was charged additionally with operating a vehicle while intoxicated. Lawyers for the two men could not be reached for comment. Cayler said he's been fielding calls about the case from news media outlets from all over the country -- mostly because of their funny-looking mug shots. "I've been chief here almost 25 years, been with the department 28½ years and I've seen a lot of things that make me laugh and weird things but this was probably the best combination of the two -- strangely weird and hilariously funny all at the same time."
highlights: Matthew McNelly and Joey Miller streaked their faces permanent black marker . Two men used marker as disguise as they allegedly tried to break into a home . Police chief: "We're very skilled investigators and the black faces gave them right away" Both men were charged with attempted burglary; McNelly faces additional charge .
id: 6baeebf004c8304086939ad7086a3134d5f3a0ff
chatgpt: Two Iowa men, Matthew McNelly and Joey Miller, were arrested over the weekend for allegedly attempting to break into a home. What made this attempted burglary peculiar was the fact that the men had used permanent black marker to draw on their faces, as a form of disguise. Unfortunately for them, the police chief stated, "We're very skilled investigators and the black faces gave them away." According to the police report, McNelly and Miller were caught in the act by the homeowner who called 911. When police arrived on the scene, the men attempted to flee but were caught a short distance away. Both men were charged with attempted burglary, but McNelly is facing an additional charge for carrying illegal substances. The use of marker as a disguise is nothing new. In fact, it has been used in past criminal activities, including bank robberies. However, this latest incident shows that some individuals will go to great lengths to try to evade the police. The police chief did not specify if the suspects were under the influence of drugs or alcohol at the time of the incident. Regardless, this is a serious crime and one that should not be taken lightly. The use of marker as a disguise is not only foolish but also futile. The police are trained to spot such tactics and will always catch the criminals. McNelly and Miller have learned this lesson the hard way and now face the consequences of their actions. This incident also highlights the importance of vigilant homeowners. Thanks to the homeowner's quick thinking and actions, the police were able to apprehend the suspects before any harm was done. It is always better to be safe than sorry and report any suspicious activities to the police. In conclusion, the attempted burglary carried out by Matthew McNelly and Joey Miller using marker as a disguise is one of the more bizarre crimes we have seen. However, it serves as a reminder that crime doesn't pay and that justice will always prevail.