article: A suburban New York  judge smashed into another car while driving drunk in Manhattan following a Christmas party and then tried to persuade police to let him go because of his position, according to reports. Harrison Town Justice Marc Lust, 63, was arrested on driving while intoxicated and other charges on December 19, shortly after 5pm. Police said his Jaguar rear-ended another car in midtown Manhattan and then he tried to drive off from the accident between 34th and 35th streets on 10th Avenue. Lust told police that he was a judge and would 'take care of this'. Harrison Town Justice Marc Lust was arrested on driving while intoxicated and other charges on December 19 in Manhattan. Police said that he tried to use his powers as a judge to get out of the charges . He was unsteady, slurred his words and told them he'd had three drinks at a Christmas party, according to police. The judge refused to take a breathalyzer test, according to lohud.com. The judge was charged with misdemeanor DWI and violations, driving while ability impaired and leaving the scene of an accident. He was held in a cell overnight and arraigned the following day. The judge was released on $2,500 bail and had his license suspended. He is due back in Manhattan Criminal Court on January 22. He is allowed to continue to serve as a judge because he has not been charged with any felonies, lohud.com reported. Lust's lawyer, Andrew Quinn, says prosecutors inaccurately characterized Lust as trying to trade on his judgeship. Daily Mail Online was awaiting a comment from Mr Lust on Tuesday. Lust is one of Harrison's two part-time justices. He was first elected in 1999. He ran on both the Republican and Democratic lines in 2011. He is also a partner at DOPF, P.C., a powerful defense litigation firm in New York City. He has been a trial lawyer for 28 years and normally defends medical malpractice, construction accident and trucking litigation. Mr Lust is married and has three children, two sons and one daughter, according to records. The judge rear-ended another driver with his Jaguar on 10th Avenue, according to police, after drinking at his Christmas party on December 19 .
highlights: Harrison Town Justice Marc Lust was arrested on driving while intoxicated and other charges on December 19 in midtown Manhattan . Lust told police that he was a judge and would 'take care of this' He was unsteady, slurred his words and told them he'd had three drinks at a Christmas party, according to police .
id: e0725520afffbd50b897b3d96d21c12f6227b87d
chatgpt: Harrison Town Justice Marc Lust is facing multiple charges including driving while intoxicated after being arrested in midtown Manhattan on December 19. According to police reports, Lust told police officers that he was a judge and that he would "take care of this." Lust, who was described as unsteady and slurring his words, allegedly admitted to having had three drinks at a Christmas party. However, he denied that he had been driving under the influence of alcohol. Despite his protests, Lust failed a field sobriety test and was taken into custody. Lust has been charged with driving while intoxicated, obstructing governmental administration and driving while ability impaired, according to court documents. He was released on his own recognizance after his arraignment in Manhattan Criminal Court on December 20. The arrest has raised concerns about the ethical implications of a judge being charged with driving under the influence. Some legal experts have questioned whether Lust can continue to serve as a judge while facing these charges. According to the New York State Commission on Judicial Conduct, judges are expected to "respect and comply with the law, including traffic laws." The commission also notes that judges should not "abuse the power or prestige of judicial office to intimidate or influence others." Despite the charges, Lust has indicated that he plans to continue serving as a town justice in Harrison. In a statement to local media, Lust apologized for his actions and stated that he would be taking steps to address any personal issues related to alcohol. "My behavior on Wednesday night was completely unacceptable and I take full responsibility for my actions," Lust said. "I understand that as a judge, I am held to a higher standard and I have let my community and my colleagues down. I will be seeking counseling and treatment to address any personal issues related to alcohol." It remains unclear how the arrest will impact Lust's standing as a judge in Harrison. However, legal experts have noted that judges who are charged with crimes are often placed on leave while their cases are adjudicated.  The case is set to proceed in Manhattan Criminal Court in the coming weeks. Lust is expected to plead not guilty to the charges against him.