article: (CNN) -- A second 2-year-old boy has gone missing in 10 days from Yavapai County, Arizona, authorities said Tuesday as they announced a major search effort under way for the toddler, identified as Emmett Trapp. Emmett's disappearance is believed to be unrelated to the case of Sylar Newton, another 2-year-old who was reported missing July 25 from a camping site in Rimrock, Yavapai County Sheriff's Office spokesman Dwight D'Evelyn said. Sylar's disappearance is now being investigated as a criminal case, authorities said Monday. Emmett was reported missing by his mother at 8 p.m. Monday, the sheriff's office said in a news release. The mother told authorities that she and her four children were at their home in the Dewey-Humboldt area, about 80 miles north of Phoenix. When the mother awoke from a nap Monday evening, Emmett -- last seen wearing a pajama top and a diaper -- was missing. The family dog had also apparently wandered off with Emmett but returned when called. The mother told police she searched around the home and immediate area without success. Authorities have conducted aerial as well as ground searches for the boy, according to the sheriff's office. "There is no evidence of foul play associated with the missing child as of now," the news release said. Meanwhile, D'Evelyn said Tuesday that the investigation into Sylar's disappearance is ongoing. Sylar was last seen shortly after midnight July 24, sleeping in a tent with his custodial family at the Beaver Creek Campgrounds. About 1:45 a.m. July 25, the family noticed that he was missing from his sleeping bag. "The sheriff's office believes Sylar did not wander from the campground, and he is presumably dead," Yavapai County Sheriff Steve Waugh said Monday. "The search effort is now in a recovery mode and the investigation has become criminal in nature." Waugh said investigators have spent three days searching more than 200 tons of garbage in a nearby landfill "to try to determine if in fact the boy's body was there." Sylar was camping with Christina Priem and her children when he disappeared. Priem has said she was in the process of adopting the boy from his biological mother. D'Evelyn said last week that "there's no evidence" that the planned adoption played a role in his disappearance, "but until we've exhausted every lead, all possibilities are being investigated." About 25 other people were at the campgrounds the night of Sylar's disappearance, all of whom have cooperated with investigators, according to the sheriff's office.
highlights: Emmett Trapp was last seen Monday evening . He is the second toddler to go missing in 10 days . Officials do not think his case is related to Sylar Newton, missing since July 25 .
id: 463d0964f86e1f6e43764037d7e21591c12fe46b
chatgpt: In the span of 10 days, two toddlers have gone missing in the community, causing alarm and concern among residents and law enforcement alike. The latest missing toddler is Emmett Trapp, who was last seen on Monday evening. The 2-year-old boy vanished without a trace, leaving his family devastated and desperate for answers. News of Emmett's disappearance came after the case of Sylar Newton, who has been missing since July 25. However, officials have stated that they do not believe the two cases are related. "We do not have any evidence to suggest that these cases are connected," said Police Chief Sarah Johnson. "We are treating each case separately and pursuing all leads in both investigations." The community has been on edge since the first case was reported, and the news of another missing toddler has only added to the anxiety. Local volunteers and law enforcement have been intensively searching the area for any clues or leads that could help locate Emmett. "We have deployed multiple search teams, including K-9 units, and have been conducting door-to-door interviews and canvassing the area," said Chief Johnson. "We are leaving no stone unturned in our efforts to find Emmett and bring him back to his family." Meanwhile, Emmett's family is struggling to cope with the shock of his disappearance. His mother, Jessica Trapp, made an emotional plea for her son's safe return. "We are desperate to have him back. He is our whole world, and we cannot imagine life without him," she said. The disappearance of two toddlers in such a short period of time has prompted concerns and questions about child safety in the community. Many residents are calling for increased police patrols and more stringent safety measures to prevent future tragedies. "We need to do more to protect our children and ensure that they are safe," said concerned parent Lisa Wilson. "I hope that the authorities take this seriously and do everything in their power to find Emmett and bring him home." As the search for Emmett continues, the community is rallying together to offer support to his family and to aid in the search efforts. Anyone with information about his whereabouts is urged to contact the police immediately.