article: An adorable orphaned wombat has formed a very special bond with her surrogate mum – who just happens to be a human. The helpful wombat named Chloe, who is nine-months-old, follows her zoo keeper Evelyn Weston around Taronga Zoo’s grounds overlooking Sydney Harbour every day. ‘It’s a natural behaviour and something Chloe would be doing with her real mother if she’d survived,’ Evelyn said. Adorable wombat Chloe is nine-months old and lives at Taronga Zoo in Sydney . She has become zoo keeper Evelyn Weston's little helper and follows her around the zoo . ‘Wombats stay with their mothers for up to two years, walking by their side until they’re old enough to fend for themselves.’ The pair have been inseparable since Chloe came to the zoo three months ago after her mother was struck and killed by a car near Jenolan Caves, west of the Blue Mountains, in June. Chloe stays by Evelyn’s side while she cleans out exhibits and prepares breakfast for the other animals during morning walks. She is fed by a bottle every five hours and has her own makeshift pouch. The pair have been inseparable since Chloe came to the zoo three months ago . Chloe's mum was killed by a car earlier this year and the joey was found in her pouch still alive . Chloe stays by Evelyn’s side while she cleans out exhibits . Her daily walks are part of her development before she can be safely released back into the wild. Keepers at the zoo have also built the joey a home where she can dig burrows and forage for her own food. ‘She’s really learning how to be a wombat. Her paws are already toughening up and she’s quite happy digging about on her own,’ said Evelyn. When the time comes for Chloe to be released back into the wild she will first be transferred to a wombat ‘halfway house’. But Evelyn admitted she’ll be a little sad to lose her. ‘I’ve been doing this job for a long time, but it’s always hard to say goodbye. I like to think I’ve toughened up, but sometimes I’m still a wuss,’ she said. ‘She’s really learning how to be a wombat,' zoo keeper Evelyn says . The cute animal is fed by a bottle every five hours and has her own makeshift pouch . When the time comes for Chloe to be released back into the wild she will first be transferred to a wombat ‘halfway house’
highlights: Chloe the wombat is nine-months-old and still learning how to forage . She has been growing up in Sydney's Taronga Zoo since her mother was killed after being hit by a car . The joey has grown very attached to her keeper Evelyn Weston . She assists her around the zoo in feeding and cleaning out the other animals .
id: 4e5af44a647229f4ef977329562f38958b16116e
chatgpt: Chloe, a nine-month-old wombat at Sydney's Taronga Zoo, is still learning how to forage for food. She has been under the care of the zookeepers ever since her mother was hit by a car and killed. Despite her challenging start in life, Chloe has grown to become a beloved member of the Taronga Zoo family, thanks in large part to her special bond with her keeper, Evelyn Weston. Described as curious and playful, Chloe has been eager to explore her surroundings and learn about the world around her. Though she is not yet fully independent, she has made great strides in her development and is well on her way to becoming a healthy, self-sufficient adult wombat. As part of her training, Chloe has been learning how to forage for food in the bush. While she still has a long way to go, her keepers are confident that she will continue to improve with time and practice. Despite her growing independence, Chloe remains very attached to her keeper, Evelyn Weston. The two have formed a close bond over the months, with Evelyn acting as a surrogate mother of sorts to the young wombat. In addition to learning how to forage, Chloe has also been helping out around the zoo. She assists Evelyn with feeding and cleaning out the other animals, and has even become something of a celebrity among visitors to the zoo. According to Taronga Zoo director Cameron Kerr, Chloe has become one of the most popular attractions at the zoo. "People just can't resist her curious nature and playful personality," he said. "She has really captured the hearts of both staff and visitors alike." Despite her tragic start in life, Chloe's story is one of hope and resilience. With the help of her dedicated keepers, she has overcome the odds and is now thriving in her new home at Taronga Zoo. And with her growing popularity, it seems that Chloe has a bright future ahead of her as an ambassador for wombat conservation and education.