article: By . Jonathan Block . Logan Bledsoe, 8, went to Monday night's Phoenix Suns basketball match thinking he would see a great game. What he got was an awesome surprise: His father, a U.S. Army soldier deployed to Afghanistan, met him on center court. During a 'contest' at the game, Bledsoe was blindfolded and then lead to center court at the US Airways Center. When he got there and removed the blindfold stood his dad, Specialist Jamie Bledsoe of the California National Guard . Father and son immediately embraced, with Logan brought to tears at the surprise. Scroll down for video . Logan Bledsoe, 8, is blindfolded as he is lead to center court at the US Airways Center as part of a 'contest' Logan Bledsoe (right) is genuinely surprised the moment he takes off his blindfold and unexpectedly sees his father in front of him . Logan Bledsoe (right) sees his father, Army Specialist Jamie Bledsoe, who he immediately embraces . 'How ya doin’' Mr. Bledsoe said as he embraced Logan. He then picked up his son and they gave each other a huge hug. The moment led to a standing ovation from the crowd as many fans shed tears at the emotional reunion. Mr. Bledsoe has been serving in Afghanistan for nine months. 'It’s been really hard, just to live by myself with my mom, grandma and grandpa,' Logan told KTVK. Logan (left) and Army Specialist Jamie Bledsoe talk with reporters after Mr. Bledsoe, who spent nine months in Afghanistan, surprised his son at a Phoenix Suns basketball game Monday night . U.S. Army Specialist Jamie Bledsoe is a member of the California National Guard . While his father has been serving abroad, Logan had chatted with his dad as often as possible through Skype. Mr. Bledsoe said he was somewhat surprised at how emotional his son got after seeing him. 'I feel great,' Bledsoe said. 'I didn’t expect that much of a reaction from him ... It was more than I thought it would be.' The reunion was made possible by the Phoenix Suns and the Streets of New York, a local pizza chain that sponsors the 'Welcome Home Hero' campaign.
highlights: Logan Bledsoe, 8, went to Phoenix Suns basketball game on Monday night and had no idea his father, Army Specialist Jamie Bledsoe, was there to surprise him . Logan was blindfolded as part of a 'contest' that was really a ploy to get him onto center court where his father was waiting . Mr. Bledsoe was deployed for nine months in Afghanistan . Reunion put together by basketball team and local pizza chain .
id: 004c3a845dfb1c3b39f8b6c49e181568515ac4ba
chatgpt: An unforgettable night was in store for Logan Bledsoe, 8-year-old basketball enthusiast, at Monday night's Phoenix Suns game. The crowd erupted in applause and cheers as Logan was blindfolded and led onto center court for what he thought was just another contest. What Logan didn't know was that his father, Army Specialist Jamie Bledsoe, was waiting for him with open arms. Specialist Bledsoe had been deployed to Afghanistan for nine months and knew that he couldn't miss the opportunity to surprise his son at the NBA game. With the help of the Phoenix Suns basketball team and a local pizza chain, Specialist Bledsoe was able to make it all happen. The elaborate ruse started when Logan and his mom were invited to attend the game with front row seats. During the intermission, Logan was called down to center court under the guise of participating in a contest. However, the "contest" wound up being a clever ploy to get Logan into place for his father's surprise homecoming. The heartwarming reunion was made all the more special because Logan had no idea his dad was coming home that day. Specialist Bledsoe had missed many important moments in his son's young life, but he was determined to make this one unforgettable. The two embraced on the center court as family and the entire stadium looked on in awe. There were tears and hugs, and it was obvious that Logan and Specialist Bledsoe were beyond thrilled to finally be reunited. "I couldn't believe it, I was just so shocked," said Logan. "It was the greatest night ever." The Phoenix Suns organization and the local pizza chain knew they wanted to do something special for the Bledsoe family, particularly since Specialist Bledsoe had made such a tremendous sacrifice serving his country. They teamed up to create a memory that will last a lifetime for the Bledsoe family. It was a heartwarming reminder that sometimes, the best moments in life are the ones that catch us by surprise. For Logan and Specialist Bledsoe, it was a night they'll never forget.