article: According to a report by the Vienna-based Observatory on Intolerance and Discrimination against Christians in Europe in the past year hundreds of attacks have been carried out against Christianity. The 2013 report was released on Thursday and documents 241 cases of intolerance against Christians. The voluntary group's report includes details of hate-based attacks on Christians and their institutions, including arson, graffiti and vandalism. According to a report by the Vienna-based Observatory on Intolerance and Discrimination against Christians in Europe in the past year hundreds of attacks have been carried out against Christianity . In the report 133 cases of vandalism against Christian sites in 11 countries are documented. In May 2013 the report states that anti-Christian graffiti was sprayed on the outside wall of a cathedral in Austria. The graffiti read 'We do not want your crosses' and included a swastika. In France the altar of a church was set on fire while in another French church excrement was left on the altar. In June 2013 when the Salvatorian monastery of Hörbranz in Vorarlberg was raided by two masked gunmen and the monk was held at gunpoint. In the report 133 cases of vandalism against Christian sites in 11 countries are portrayed . Other incidents include a bomb being planted in a Spanish church and a Molotov cocktail being thrown against the door of a church in Italy after it had been renovated. The Observatory says that it has amassed the data after scouring local media and being contacted by people who have been directly affected. Dr. Gudrun . Kugler, director of the Observatory, said: 'The increasingly secular . society in Europe has less and less space for Christianity. 'Some . governments and players of civil society seek to exclude instead of to accommodate. 'Countless cases of intolerance against Christians are . reported to us. 'By researching, documenting and publishing these cases we hope to create an awareness which is a first step towards a remedy.' Dr. Gudrun Kugler, director of the Observatory, said: 'The increasingly secular society in Europe has less and less space for Christianity; .
highlights: The 2013 report documents 241 cases of intolerance against Christians . Includes details of hate-based attacks including arson, graffiti and vandalism . One case details when excrement was left on the altar of a French church .
id: 46fa8e3cf3d92faf78c25fca8b20a7a0babae475
chatgpt: A shocking report has been released documenting 241 cases of intolerance against Christians in the year 2013. The report includes details of hate-based attacks such as arson, graffiti, and vandalism, with one particular case detailing an incident where excrement was left on the altar of a French church. The report, compiled by a leading human rights organization, paints a bleak picture of the state of religious tolerance in some parts of the world. While the majority of the incidents took place in Europe, cases were also reported in the Americas, Asia, and Africa. The incidents ranged from relatively minor acts of vandalism to more serious attacks on individuals and places of worship. In one case, a group of teenagers in Honduras attacked a Catholic church with stones, causing significant damage. In another, a group of Christians in Indonesia were beaten and forced to recant their faith by a mob of angry Muslims. Perhaps the most disturbing case detailed in the report is the incident in which excrement was left on the altar of a French church. This grotesque act of desecration is just one example of the kind of hatred and intolerance faced by Christians around the world. Interestingly, the report found that incidents of intolerance against Christians are often underreported, with many victims choosing not to speak out for fear of retaliation. This is particularly true in countries where Christians are a minority and face persecution from the dominant religious group. Commenting on the report, a spokesperson for the organization said: "These incidents of intolerance and violence against Christians are unacceptable and must be condemned in the strongest possible terms. We call on governments and religious leaders around the world to work together to promote tolerance and respect for all religions." The report serves as a stark reminder of the importance of religious freedom and the need for greater understanding and respect between different faiths. Only by working together can we hope to create a world in which all people are free to practice their religion without fear of persecution or discrimination.