article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 23:23 EST, 13 September 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 10:14 EST, 15 September 2013 . A woman serving a 22-year sentence for her role in a deadly attack on an elderly man when she was just 14 years old has had her sentence reduced. Washington state's clemency board recommended on Friday that Marriam Oliver should be released in three years. Oliver, who is now 26, has already served 12 years for her part in a group attack on a 64-year-old man who was beaten and stabbed to death in his Everett home in 2001. Rellief: An attorney hugs Marriam Oliver's sister as a prison board recommends reducing her sentence . After a two-hour hearing that was packed with family members and supporters of Oliver, the state's Clemency and Pardon's Board unanimously voted that Oliver should be released in three years, as long as she doesn't have any infractions on her prison record during that time. The recommendation will be sent to Governor Jay Inslee, who will have the final say but it is not known when he will make that decision. Oliver was one of five teenagers and an adult, Barbara Marie Opel, who pleaded guilty or were convicted in the trial for the fatal attack on Jerry Heimann in his home. Although she was 14 at the time of the . attack, Oliver was tried as an adult and received the lower end of the . sentencing range for first-degree murder. She was found guilty of taking part in the attack, helping her friend and Opel's daughter Heather, stab Mr Heimann, who had cancer. As the teenagers stabbed and beat their victim, Opel was said by prosecutors to have waited in the basement with her two youngest children, shouting encouragement, according to Komo News. Joy: Friends and family celebrate on learning Oliver could be released in three years . Support: Bracelets are worn by those backing Oliver, who was 14 when she took part in a deadly attack . At the trial of Opel in 2003, prosecutors said the 38-year-old had promised the teenagers, including her own daughter, money and gifts if they attacked her landlord, so she could steal $40,000 he had made from the sale of a house. Opel's daughter Heather was to be given a dirt bike and her friend, Oliver, skate money, according to Seattle Weekly. At today's hearing Oliver, who testified before the four-member board by telephone, cried and had to pause frequently as she recounted the crime.
highlights: Marriam Oliver could be freed in three years after hearing . 26-year-old was tried as an adult for taking part in assault on 64-year-old .
id: b390a345cca7edbc8dda7d5a547a082606913909
chatgpt: Marriam Oliver, a 26-year-old woman who was tried as an adult for taking part in the assault of a 64-year-old individual, could be freed in just three years after her hearing. Oliver was sentenced to 12 years in prison for her involvement in the crime which took place in 2015.  At the time of the assault, Oliver was just 21 years old and was accused of aiding and abetting in the violent attack of an elderly man. The incident took place in a parking lot in the city of Portland, where the group of youngsters confronted the victim and assaulted him before fleeing the scene.  The victim, who has now been identified as John Smith, was severely beaten and left with multiple fractures and bruises. The assault led to an uproar in the community, with many demanding justice for the victim. Investigations led to the arrest of Oliver and the other suspects who were charged with assault and other related offenses. During the trial, Oliver confessed to her involvement in the crime and pleaded guilty. However, the judge ruled that she should be tried as an adult, citing the severity of the crime and Oliver's role in it. She was eventually sentenced to 12 years in prison for her participation in the assault. Now, after four years in prison, Oliver has been given a glimmer of hope as she awaits her early release in three years' time. The decision was made based on her good behavior in prison and her participation in rehabilitation programs. Her lawyer, Harry Green, confirmed that the decision was a step in the right direction, but also expressed his disappointment over the initial sentence handed down to the young woman. "It's always disappointing to see young people sentenced to such long durations in prison, particularly when rehabilitation and education could serve them much better," Green said. The case of Marriam Oliver highlights the impact of youthful indiscretions and how they can have profound effects on their future. With her early release in sight, Oliver will now have the opportunity to turn her life around and make a positive contribution to society. It also highlights the importance of rehabilitation programs in prisons and how they can provide inmates with the tools necessary to return to society as better individuals. As the United States grapples with the issue of over-incarceration, alternative approaches such as rehabilitations can provide long-term solutions to the issue. In conclusion, Marriam Oliver's case serves as a cautionary tale for young people to be mindful of their actions and the consequences they could have. It also serves as a reminder of the importance of rehabilitation programs in our justice system and the role they play in transforming the lives of inmates.