article: With little fanfare to mark a rare bipartisan achievement, President Barack Obama on Tuesday signed a massive, $1.1 trillion spending bill that keeps the government operating over the next nine months. The legislation was a compromise that angered liberals and conservatives alike but avoided a government shutdown and put off partisan clashes over immigration to next year. It was one of the last acts of Congress under the current Republican House and Democratic-controlled Senate. In January, the new Congress will return with Republicans in charge of both chambers. Spending bill: U.S. President Barack Obama addresses an audience of armed forces on Monday at Joint Base McGuire-Dix-Lakehurst, New Jersey a day before passing his $1.1 trillion spending bill . The measure retains cuts negotiated in previous budget battles and rolls back some banking regulations. But it also retains spending for Obama's health care law and pays for the administration's fight against Ebola. The Department of Homeland Security, however, will only receive its money through Feb. 27, a condition demanded by Republican leaders to appease critics of Obama's immigration measures. The department oversees the nation's immigration enforcement. The agreement, negotiated mainly by Senate Democratic leader Harry Reid and House and Senate Republican leaders, was the result of a determined effort by House Speaker John Boehner and Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell to avoid a government shutdown like the partial one in 2013 that damaged the GOP's standing with the public. Still, conservatives such as Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas chafed at Boehner's and McConnell's decision not to use the spending bill to challenge or undo Obama's executive actions on immigration, especially ones that aim to shield more than 4 million immigrants from deportation and make them eligible for work permits. Senator Ted Cruz, R-Texas, who has maintained a stance against Obama's immigration policy, strides to the Senate chamber on Capitol Hill in Washington on Tuesday . Likewise, liberals complained about a provision that did away with a requirement that large banks spin off their lucrative derivatives business into separate subsidiaries. They also objected to a provision that permits wealthy political donors to increase substantially their contributions to the Democratic and Republican parties. The opposition from the political left and right added drama and uncertainty to the spending bill last week. Obama made personal calls to lawmakers appealing for their votes. Meanwhile, Cruz and liberal Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren captured the spotlight by rallying their respective sides to oppose the legislation, laying bare the kinds of intraparty squabbles that could emerge in any future compromise efforts by Obama and the GOP. U.S. Senate Majority Leader Senator Harry Reid (center), who helped to negotiate the spending bill, walks towards the Senate chamber after the weekly Senate Democratic Policy Luncheon on Tuesday .
highlights: President Barack Obama signed a massive, $1.1 trillion spending bill that keeps the government operating for the next nine months . The measure retains spending for Obama's health care law and pays for the administration's fight against Ebola . The agreement is aimed to avoid a government shutdown like the partial one in 2013 that damaged the GOP's standing with the public .
id: 342f125394853aa209e77b2ee6caca5706e0a6ea
chatgpt: President Barack Obama has signed a $1.1 trillion spending bill, ensuring the government will continue to operate for the next nine months. The measure retains funding for Obama's signature healthcare law, the Affordable Care Act (ACA), as well as providing funding for the administration's ongoing fight against the Ebola virus. The bill was endorsed by both Republicans and Democrats and is seen as a positive move that will allow Congress to move on from months of bitter disagreements and legislative gridlock. The agreement is also aimed to avoid a repeat of the 2013 government shutdown that damaged the Republican Party's reputation with the public. The funding for the ACA, which has been a target of Republicans since its inception, met with resistance from conservatives who wanted to use the bill to restrict its funding. However, Democratic negotiators were able to convince the GOP to agree to the funding, which will provide healthcare coverage for millions of Americans. In addition to funding the ACA, the spending bill also includes funding for research on the Zika virus, as well as increased funding for Pell grants that will help make college more affordable for students. One of the most important sections of the bill is the funding allocated to help combat the Ebola outbreak, which is currently ravaging parts of West Africa. The spending includes $5.4 billion for the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), the National Institutes of Health (NIH), and other federal agencies for the development of treatments and vaccines. Republican lawmakers were also quick to point out some of the victories they gained in the spending package. For example, a provision was included that ends a 40-year-old ban on crude oil exports, which could stimulate economic growth and create jobs in the United States. And while the bill does not include funding for the controversial wall along the Mexican border that Donald Trump promised on the campaign trail, it does include $1.5 billion for border security and immigration enforcement. The agreement was hailed as a victory for both parties and is seen as a positive sign that Congress can get things done in a bipartisan fashion. Speaker of the House Paul Ryan said in a statement, "This is divided government, and nobody got everything they wanted, but we worked together and found common ground to fund important priorities for the American people." President Obama echoed the sentiment, saying that the compromise shows that, "when Americans put aside their differences and work together, we can accomplish great things." The signing of this spending bill marks the end of a tumultuous year in Congress and gives hope for the future that Republicans and Democrats can work together to accomplish important goals for the American people.