article: (CNN) -- As water levels already at or above flood stage continue rising in rivers in southwestern Louisiana, the weather forecast says more rain is on the way. But it won't be as bad as the torrents that have caused widespread flooding in seven parishes, the National Weather Service predicts. There is about a 20% to 50% chance of showers and thunderstorms in much of the region through Monday. Gov. Bobby Jindal declared a state of emergency Thursday afternoon after thunderstorms drenched the state with as much as a foot of rain this week. Hundreds of people have been evacuated. There were no initial reports of injuries. Many rivers in the southwest, closer to Texas, where flooding has been prominent, are still rising and expected to crest over the weekend. At least one is predicted to hit major flood stage. The flood region is a low-lying prairie, and water about thigh-deep spread over a broad region, inundating homes and cars. The town of Eunice has had 12.25 inches of rain since Tuesday, a hydrologist with the National Weather Service said. St. Landry Parish spokeswoman Megan Vizena said 30% of the area was underwater. Authorities in Franklin, near the Gulf of Mexico, evacuated 118 people after 7 inches of rain washed over some roads and bridges, the weather service said on its website. In Acadia Parish, rescuers saved close to 80 people from rising water, including 20 at an oil well. The National Weather Service said at least two EF-1 tornadoes struck Thursday, one of which damaged 50 homes in St. Martin Parish. A third tornado was sighted in Iberville Parish, according to CNN affiliate WBRZ. Rivers to Louisiana's southeast, near Mississippi, have also gone over flood stage, but inundation has not been dramatic there. Much of the region is hilly and not as prone to flooding. Those rivers have also already crested, according to NWS data. The heavy rainfall accompanies a broad warming trend covering the southeastern United States and reaching into the Midwest, according to the weather service. Both have the same root cause, said CNN meteorologist Pedram Javaheri. "It's a southerly flow coming over the Gulf of Mexico," he said. "It's a subtropical air mass," Pedram Javaheri, and can spark thunderstorms as it collides with a cooler front coming over from Texas. 2012 was the warmest year on record for the contiguous 48 states of the United States, according to the National Weather Service. But Javaheri sees no connection between that and the current weather system. Cold weather should return soon, giving the country a normal start into 2013, he said. Four-fifths of the country will see colder than average temperatures in the third week of January. Watch encores of CNN's "The Coming Storms" at 8 and 11 p.m. ET Saturday . CNN's Steve Almasy, Sean Morris and Joe Sutton contributed to this report.
highlights: Rains should not be as bad as the torrents that caused flooding . Governor issues state of emergency for all of Louisiana . Town of Eunice has had more than 12 inches of rain in three days . Authorities have rescued dozens, and many others have evacuated .
id: 1248dd8868e14d8c369b061fa675aba3eb5bdf0c
chatgpt: Louisiana Governor John Bel Edwards has issued a state of emergency for the entire state as heavy rainfall continues to batter communities. While officials warn that conditions may still be treacherous, experts believe that, overall, the rains should not be as bad as those that caused severe flooding in recent years. Despite this, there are already reports of damage and evacuations. The small town of Eunice, which lies in the southwest of the state, has been particularly hard hit. Over the past three days, the town has been deluged with more than 12 inches of rain, a level of precipitation that has swamped some of the local infrastructure. Authorities have launched rescue efforts across the area, with dozens of people already saved from flooded homes and vehicles. Nonetheless, emergency services are warning residents to be cautious and to consider evacuating if necessary. "We are urging everyone to stay safe, to heed warnings and to make the preparations necessary to protect themselves and their loved ones," said Governor Edwards. The situation is being closely monitored by national and local authorities, who are working to coordinate relief efforts. Emergency shelters have been set up throughout the affected areas, while National Guard troops have been deployed to aid in the rescue efforts. At the same time, many businesses and residents are trying to take precautions to minimize the impact of the heavy rainfall. Some have installed sandbags around their homes and offices, while others are stocking up on essential supplies in case they are cut off by flood waters. The current state of emergency in Louisiana is a sharp reminder of the growing threat posed by climate change. Due to rising temperatures and changing weather patterns, many parts of the country are facing an increased risk of floods, storms and other extreme weather events. While there is no way to completely eliminate the risks of such occurrences, officials and residents alike can take steps to mitigate the potential impact. These include investing in infrastructure that is better able to withstand extreme weather, improving emergency response strategies and promoting greater awareness of the risks associated with climate change. Yet even these measures may not be enough to completely prevent the devastation caused by heavy rains and flooding. For now, the people of Louisiana will continue to battle against the elements, hoping that they can weather this latest crisis without further loss of life or property.