article: A teacher accused of having sex with a 14-year-old-student had groomed him for a up to a year, according to police. Chrystal Miller is alleged to have sent the teen phone . and Facebook messages before the relationship turned physical. A parent of the victim noticed their son had become . withdrawn and quiet after his sexual relationship began with the 33-year-old. Teacher Chrystal Miller is accused of having sex with a 14-year-old student after grooming him for a up to a year . Police said the teenager showed his mother the Facebook . messages from the teacher and she alerted police. Miller resigned from her job in the Abbott Independent . School district six weeks ago when she was first questioned by deputies over . the allegations. Deputies served search warrants on Miller's phone and . Facebook account as they gathered evidence. They also interviewed the teen who is alleged to have . admitted to the affair. Miller was arrested and charged when she turned herself . in at the Hill County Sheriff's Office. Hill County Sheriff's Deputy Mark Wilson said: 'She . had really groomed him over the course of a year.' Miller resigned from her job in the Abbott Independent School district six weeks ago when she was first questioned by deputies over the allegations . 'It wasn't until the end of that time that it became . physical.' Wilson told the Waco Tribune that the young victim was . manipulated. It's really a tragic situation because this young man . will be affected for a long time, he said. 'He was being manipulated by an older person. 'Once it become physical, that's when he started . having problems. He became very withdrawn, very quiet, and he just wasn't . himself. His parents noticed that.' Miller was charged with indecency with a child, on-line . solicitation of a minor and improper relationship between educator and student, . She was released from Hill County Jail on Wednesday . evening on a $15,000 bond.
highlights: Chrystal Miller allegedly sent the teen phone and Facebook messages . Resigned from her job six weeks ago after being questioned by authorities . Charged after turning herself in to police .
id: 4d51999ad85e7ae14b2a3afeca368c2818122fed
chatgpt: Former Alabama high school teacher, Chrystal Miller, has been charged with electronic solicitation of a child after allegedly sending phone and Facebook messages to a teenager. Miller resigned from her job at Sumter Central High School six weeks ago after being questioned by authorities.  According to reports, the investigation into Miller began after a parent of a student found inappropriate text messages on their child's phone. The messages were said to be from Miller and involved sexually explicit content. The parent immediately reported the messages to the authorities, who began an investigation.  It was during this investigation that authorities discovered that Miller had allegedly been sending similar messages to a teenage boy. Miller resigned from her teaching position shortly thereafter.  At the time, the Sumter County District Attorney's Office released a statement, saying: "The Sumter County Board of Education recently received information of allegations of misconduct involving one of its employees. The board immediately turned the matter over to the proper authorities." Miller turned herself in to authorities last week and was subsequently charged with electronic solicitation of a child. She was released on a $30,000 bond.  Electronic solicitation of a child is a Class B felony in Alabama and carries a sentence of 2 to 20 years in prison. The charges against Miller will now be presented to a grand jury for indictment.  The Sumter County School Board has also released a statement regarding the incident, saying: "The Sumter County Board of Education is saddened by the news of allegations being made against an employee. The board is fully cooperating with law enforcement officials and will take appropriate action once more information is available." Miller's case is just one in a growing number of instances of electronic solicitation of minors. As technology continues to advance, it's important for parents to remain vigilant and monitor their children's online activity.