article: (CNN) -- "Movies aren't an actor's medium...actors are just color in other people's paintings," Oscar-winning actor Kevin Spacey told CNN's Talk Asia. "I think there's almost any actor whose been around for a while who can say this with absolute conviction that sometimes you go and see a movie that you've made and you know you made a better movie than they cut." He hasn't turned his back on his profession, but the versatile performer who won two Academy Awards for his roles in "The Usual Suspects" and "American Beauty," has happily embraced the other challenges that have come his way. From reviving the fortunes of The Old Vic theatre in London to production credits on a number of films, acting has now become just one of Spacey's numerous professional guises. His latest venture is appearing in a joint production in China called "Inseparable" featuring Daniel Wu and Chinese actress Gong Beibi. "I think there's no doubt that China is the next place for film-- there's no doubt -- and that collaborations, this kind of exchange of a Western actor coming to make a Chinese film is a very exciting step," he said. After his Chinese experience he'll be focusing on film until 2012 when he will then lead The Bridge Project, a transatlantic theatrical production company comprised of The Old Vic in London and Brooklyn Academy of Music in New York. The company will be bringing "The Tempest" to Hong Kong and Singapore in March and April. Longer term plans could see Spacey return to the stage, but as a singer. His 2005 biopic "Beyond the Sea" on 1950s crooner Bobby Darin was a labor of love where Spacey was able to perform the songs of one of his heroes. To promote the movie he even toured with a 20-piece big band across the U.S. "I think it's great that actually Vegas wants to be able to bring back the headliner, and I think the nightclub act is one of the greatest things ever. "But that to me would be to me kind of fun to do again at some point, because I love singing and I don't get a chance to sing as much as I'd like, so we'll see what happens."
highlights: Spacey is an Oscar-winning actor and artistic director of The Old Vic in London . He will lead The Bridge Project theatrical co-production in 2012 . Spacey would love to revive the headline nightclub act in Las Vegas .
id: d4492f7a06c590f4c43bebc4efd1c50fd88e3721
chatgpt: Kevin Spacey, the renowned Oscar-winning actor and artistic director of The Old Vic in London, has announced that he will be leading The Bridge Project theatrical co-production in 2012. The Bridge Project is an international collaboration between the UK’s Old Vic and the Brooklyn Academy of Music, which brings together a talented cast and creative team to produce exceptional theatre. Spacey, who has been the Artistic Director of The Old Vic since 2004, is no newcomer to the world of theatre. He is well-known for his talent on the stage and has been praised for his performances in productions such as ‘The Iceman Cometh’ and ‘Richard III’. With Spacey at the helm, The Bridge Project promises to be an exciting and compelling experience for theatre-goers. In addition to his theatrical pursuits, Spacey has expressed a desire to revive the headline nightclub act in Las Vegas. This idea has sparked interest among his fans and followers, who are eager to see what he has in store for this iconic form of entertainment. While the specifics of the nightclub act have not been revealed, it is expected to showcase Spacey’s unique flair and personality. His passion for the performing arts is evident, and it is likely that he will bring fresh and exciting ideas to this classic medium. Spacey is no stranger to Las Vegas, having previously performed in the city as part of his ‘Beyond the Sea’ tour in 2005. His return to Las Vegas is eagerly anticipated by his fans, who are hoping to see him bring a touch of old-school glamour and style to the city. Spacey’s ambitions are not limited to the stage and screen, however. He has also established himself as a leader in the world of philanthropy, through his foundation, The Kevin Spacey Foundation. The foundation provides support to emerging artists, and has a particular focus on nurturing talent from disadvantaged backgrounds. In conclusion, Kevin Spacey’s upcoming involvement in The Bridge Project and his interest in reviving the headline nightclub act in Las Vegas, are exciting developments for fans of the performing arts. His talent and passion for the industry are sure to make these projects memorable and successful.