article: By . Ben Spencer . PUBLISHED: . 19:19 EST, 29 October 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 05:20 EST, 30 October 2012 . Lord Grade, pictured, said photos of the Duchess of Cambridge topless and Prince Harry naked would still have been circulated even if strict Press restrictions were in place . Photos of the Duchess of Cambridge topless and Prince Harry naked would still have been circulated even if strict Press restrictions were in place, said former BBC chairman Michael Grade. Lord Grade, who has also chaired ITV, said the Leveson Inquiry should carefully consider any measures to gag the Press, because ‘unethically obtained’ images could be seen on the internet regardless. Lord Justice Leveson is due to present his report into Press standards next month, after a long inquiry sparked by the phone-hacking scandal. Lord Grade, a member of the Press Complaints Commission, raised the issue of ‘the problem of content regulation in a global digital market’ during a parliamentary debate. He said it was ‘hard to imagine’ a more difficult task than the one Lord Justice Leveson is undertaking, but hoped the end result would be a ‘new, enhanced, self-regulatory body’ codified in law for the first time. Lord Grade said: ‘We have just had two Press controversies involving unethically obtained photographs of members of our Royal Family – Prince Harry in Las Vegas and the Duchess of Cambridge in France – which have vividly highlighted the problem of content regulation in a global digital media market. ‘I doubt it has escaped Lord Justice Leveson’s attention that the photographs of the Duchess were published in countries with regulatory regimes offered as possible solutions for the UK. On this evidence, his menu of available options seems to be shrinking.’ He said pictures of the Duchess were first published in France, ‘the country cited as having the model of strict privacy legislation’, but the rules were ‘ignored’ by an editor who could offset any court penalty with increased circulation revenues. The photographs were then published in Ireland, which Lord Grade said had a system regarded as the possible model for the UK. French magazine Closer first published pictures of the Duchess topless, followed by a number of publications . Sweden and Denmark, which each have the ability to impose stronger punishments on the Press than in Britain, also published the pictures. Lord Grade defended the much-criticised PCC and proposed the creation of a new independent, transparent body with the ‘mandate, resources and powers of investigation to examine systemic issues as they arise’. Those close to David Cameron, who will receive Lord Justice Leveson’s report next month, have suggested he is wary of imposing legislation restricting Press freedoms.
highlights: Lord Grade said Leveson should carefully consider measures to gag press . Report into Press standards is due to be presented next month .
id: 8e756ea4a8fb898457a59ce83b29ab39f75f2d33
chatgpt: Lord Grade, the former chairman of the BBC and a Conservative peer, has called on the Leveson Inquiry to carefully consider the measures needed to gag the press. Lord Grade believes that the press should be subject to strict controls in order to prevent them from publishing news stories that are not true, fair or accurate. The Leveson Inquiry was set up following the phone hacking scandal that rocked the News of the World in 2011. The inquiry was tasked with investigating the standards and practices of the press and to make recommendations on how these could be improved. The report is due to be presented next month. Lord Grade has spoken out about the need for the press to be regulated in order to prevent sensationalism and to protect individuals from being unfairly targeted by the media. He has also called on the Leveson Inquiry to consider measures to protect press freedom and the right to publish news stories that are in the public interest. Speaking to the BBC's Today programme, Lord Grade said: "The press has to be very carefully controlled, but we must also remember that it has a vital role to play in holding those in power to account." Lord Grade went on to say that the press should be subject to a regulatory body that is independent of government, but which has the power to enforce rules and to impose fines on publications that break them. This would help to ensure that press standards are upheld and that the press remains free and independent. Lord Grade's comments come at a time when the press is facing increasing criticism for its reporting, particularly in the wake of the coronavirus pandemic. Many have accused the press of spreading misinformation and of misrepresenting the facts in order to sell newspapers and increase viewership. The Leveson Inquiry is expected to make a number of recommendations aimed at improving the standards of the press. These could include the creation of a new regulatory body, the introduction of stricter controls on the press, and the imposition of financial penalties on publications that break the rules. Lord Grade's comments have been welcomed by those who believe that the press should be subject to greater regulation. Speaking to The Guardian, Hugh Grant, the actor and campaigner, said: "Lord Grade is absolutely right to draw attention to the need for greater press regulation. It's time for the press to be held accountable for its actions and for the rules to be changed to prevent the kind of excesses that we have seen in recent years." The Leveson Inquiry will present its findings next month, and it is expected that there will be a great deal of debate about the measures needed to regulate the press. However, one thing is clear: if the press is to remain free and independent, it must be subject to strict controls that ensure that it upholds the highest standards of accuracy and fairness.