article: (CNN)  -- James Morrison was hospitalized on Tuesday night with a recurrence of Crohn's disease but after a second successive 66 has taken the halfway lead in the French Open at Le Golf National near Paris. The 26-year-old has suffered from the debilitating disease, which causes intestinal inflammation, for the past decade and nearly pulled out of the tournament. But showing incredible resolve, he has a one-shot advantage joint overnight leader Richard Green of Australia after Fridays' play. Green had moved one clear at 11-under, but a double bogey on the water-protected 18th left the courageous Morrison ahead. "It's something I've been used to dealing with on a daily basis," he told the official European Tour website. "I'm feeling a little bit drained, but I play better with that because I don't have expectations . "I feel a bit worse for wear and just stroll through the day." Morrison's "stroll" comprised of a five-under par back nine of 31 to ignite his round to leave him clear of the field. England's Mark Foster, who challenged at the BMW International last week, continued his good form to be four shots back in third after shooting a second straight 68. Graeme Storm, who shared the first round lead on 65 with Green, was undone by a quadruple bogey eight on the last as he found the water twice and carded a 75 to undermine his challenge. World number four Martin Kaymer of Germany is also way off the pace on two under, one better than former Ryder Cup captain Colin Montgomerie, whose chances of claiming a British Open spot by a high finish look over. But at least they made the cut as defending champion Miguel Angel Jimenez, American star Bubba Watson and last week's winner Pablo Larrazabal did not survive for the weekend.
highlights: James Morrison of England leads French Open after two rounds of 66 . Morrison was hospitalized with Crohn's disease earlier in the week . Richard Green of Australia trails by one shot at halfway . Martin Kaymer of Germany eight shots back after two-under 69 .
id: decd963a9e5a5cfc95cd4f114fe77a9ecb808b51
chatgpt: James Morrison of England has overcome personal health issues and is now leading the way at the 2019 French Open after carding two rounds of 66. Just days ago, Morrison was hospitalized with Crohn's disease, a condition he has been battling for years. However, he has fought back with strong performances on the golf course and currently holds a one-shot lead over Richard Green of Australia at the halfway point. Morrison's performance has been truly inspiring considering the recent health scare. He has always been a fierce competitor on the European Tour, but now he's showing his true grit in the face of adversity. His rounds of 66-66 have been solid, with a good mix of birdies and pars. The Englishman currently leads the tournament with a 12-under-par total. Right behind Morrison, with a 11-under-par total, sits Richard Green of Australia. He's playing some quality golf and is in a perfect position to make a run for the title over the weekend. Green's performances so far have been consistent, with rounds of 67-66 in his first two days on the course. Martin Kaymer of Germany, the former world number one, is currently eight shots back of the leader after a two-under 69 in the second round. Kaymer has his own health issues to contend with, having suffered from tendinitis in his wrist in recent years. Kaymer has shown glimpses of his old form in the past, and it will be interesting to see if he can mount a comeback on the weekend. All in all, it's been an exciting start to the French Open, with some of Europe's top golfers battling it out for the title. But the story of the tournament so far has been James Morrison, who has overcome his own personal health issues to lead the way. If he can hold on to his lead over the weekend, it will be a truly remarkable performance.