article: By . Kerry Mcdermott . PUBLISHED: . 07:50 EST, 12 March 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 10:50 EST, 12 March 2013 . A pregnant young mother and her unborn child were killed after a 'duel' between two drivers ended in a devastating car crash. Sales assistant Kimberley See, 21, was five months pregnant with her second child when the crash occurred as she was being driven home from a funfair by Ryan Williams, the boyfriend of one of her friends. The fateful 'duel' unfolded as Williams, 23, tried to block another driver, 21-year-old Christopher Cottingham, from overtaking him on a long stretch of country road, Lincoln Crown Court heard. 'Competitive driving': When Ryan Williams, left, blocked Christopher Cottingham, right, from overtaking his car, Cottingham tried to undertake him instead of keeping his distance, a court heard . Williams repeatedly touched his brakes and then moved his Citroen Saxo onto the wrong side of the road to block Cottingham from passing him, the court heard. Then, when Cottingham tried to undertake him, Williams returned to his own side of the carriageway. The two cars collided and Williams’ vehicle left the road and crashed into a tree. Ms See, who was sitting in the back of the car, suffered fatal injuries. Prosecutor Mark Van der Zwart said: 'Cottingham saw the way that Williams was driving. What he should have done was slow down or stop and create a gap so there wasn’t any danger. 'Instead of keeping his distance and not engaging in what appears to have been something of a duel he got too close. 'The two cars collided. It was enough to cause both drivers to lose control and both left the road. Kimberley See was trapped and died inside the car. 'There was no reason for this to have occurred but for the driving by the people involved,' the barrister said. Sentencing: Lincoln Crown Court was told Ms See's son Lucas, three, is now being raised by his grandparents . The court was told that Kimberley See’s three-year-old son, Lucas, is now being brought up by his grandparents.Mr Van der Zwart added: 'When Kimberley died she was 20 weeks pregnant.' Williams, 23, of Sussex Avenue, Boston, was convicted by a jury of causing death by careless driving as a result of the crash on the B1192 in Lincolnshire, on 14 October 2011. Cottingham ,21, of New York Road, Coningsby, Lincolnshire, admitted the same charge. Both drivers were seriously injured in the crash. Williams was jailed for a year and Cottingham jailed for 46 weeks. Both have been banned from driving for three years. No sentence can adequately reflect the loss of Kimberley’s life. The lives of her family have been turned upside down. 'The consequences were devastating. You were equally the cause of her death. 'This can properly be described as competitive driving. It was a bad case of careless driving.' Sorry we are unable to accept comments for legal reasons.
highlights: Kimberley See was five months pregnant with second child at time of crash . Ryan Williams was giving the sales assistant a lift home from a funfair . He engaged in a 'duel' with fellow driver Christopher Cottingham, court told . 'You were equally the cause of her death', said judge . Ms See's three-year-old son now being raised by his grandparents .
id: a4773ec08a2db2b1d5a7cdf5df7a6866febd8dde
chatgpt: A man who engaged in a dangerous street race, resulting in the death of a pregnant woman, has been sentenced to prison. Ryan Williams, 25, was giving a lift home to Kimberley See, a sales assistant who was five months pregnant with her second child, after a funfair. Williams engaged in a 'duel' with fellow driver Christopher Cottingham while driving through the streets of their hometown. The court heard that the two men were driving at over twice the speed limit and weaving in and out of traffic, putting themselves and other road users in danger. During the race, Williams lost control of his car and crashed into a lamppost, killing Kimberley See almost instantly. The impact was so severe that Ms. See's baby died in her womb. Williams' actions not only took the life of the innocent woman but also robbed her three-year-old son of his mother. The child is now being raised by his grandparents. The court heard that both Williams and Cottingham had been drinking at the funfair before getting behind the wheel of their cars. Their deadly game of cat and mouse, driven by alcohol and testosterone, was a recipe for disaster. Judge Sarah Barnes stated that "both drivers were equally the cause of Ms. See's death." Williams was sentenced to ten years imprisonment for causing death by dangerous driving. The family of Kimberley See expressed their grief and devastation at the loss of their loved one. In a statement, her father, Richard See, said, "There are no words to describe the pain and heartache we have endured since the loss of Kimberley and her unborn child. We are grateful for the sentence handed down today, but nothing can bring her back or take away the pain we feel." This tragic incident highlights the dangers of reckless driving and the devastating consequences that can result. Williams and Cottingham's irresponsible behavior and disregard for the safety of themselves and others have caused lasting harm to an innocent family. The sentence handed down to Williams serves as a reminder that dangerous driving is a serious crime, and those who engage in it will face severe consequences.