article: A Muslim woman was reportedly told to remove her headscarf before a Canadian judge would hear her case. Judge Eliana Marengo was said to have told Rania El-Alloul that the courtroom in Montreal is a secular place and she was not suitably dressed. 'Hats and sunglasses for example, are not allowed. And I don't see why scarves on the head would be either,' it was claimed she said in a recording of proceedings, according to CBC News. Rania El-Alloul was reportedly told to remove her headscarf by a judge before she would hear her case in Montreal . El-Allouk had attended court in a bid to have her car returned after it was seized by police. Her son was reported to have been driving the vehicle with a suspended licence when he was stopped and it was confiscated by Quebec's automobile insurance board. The car was due to be kept for a month, but El-Allouk wanted the court to return it sooner, according to the broadcaster. After the hearing she was said to have felt scared and 'not Canadian anymore,' CBC reported. Her case was said to have been adjourned indefinitely. Quebec's Ministry of Justice did not immediately respond after business hours to a request for comment on the case. Judge Marengo could also not be reached for comment. The incident was claimed to have happened in a courtroom in Montreal, Canada. Pictured: Montreal . The public display of religious symbols has been hotly debated in the predominantly French-speaking Canadian province in recent years. In 2013, the pro-independence Parti Quebecois (PQ) government moved to ban public servants from wearing Muslim head coverings such as hijabs, Jewish skullcaps or other obvious religious symbols. But the bill died when the PQ was defeated in a provincial election last year.
highlights: Rania El-Alloul was applying to Montreal court to have her car returned . Judge Eliana Marengo reportedly told her to remove her headscarf . Claimed to have said courtroom was 'secular' and she was not suitable dressed .
id: ca9ab853f5c1c558dc60a06cdf99d0aeda936359
chatgpt: A Montreal judge has caused outrage after reportedly telling a Muslim woman to remove her headscarf in court. Rania El-Alloul was appearing in court to apply to have her car returned when Judge Eliana Marengo made the remarks. According to reports, Marengo told El-Alloul that the courtroom was "secular" and she was not suitably dressed. El-Alloul was subsequently prevented from making her claim. The incident has prompted widespread condemnation from legal experts and civil liberties groups. Many have accused the judge of violating El-Alloul's right to freedom of religion and expression. Some have pointed out that there is no article of law that requires individuals to remove religious head coverings in court, and that Marengo's actions were therefore unlawful. Speaking to journalists, El-Alloul said that the judge's remarks had made her feel "humiliated". She added that she had worn the headscarf as a sign of respect for the court, and that she could not understand why Marengo had taken issue with it. "I felt like I wasn't a person anymore," El-Alloul said. The incident has also highlighted wider issues of discrimination and prejudice in Canada. Many Muslim Canadians have reported experiencing incidents of discrimination and hate speech in recent years, particularly since the 9/11 attacks and the rise of far-right populism in Europe and North America. In response to the incident, the National Council of Canadian Muslims (NCCM) has called for an investigation into Marengo's conduct, and for the judge to issue an apology to El-Alloul. "This is a clear violation of religious freedom and an affront to the dignity of Canadian Muslim women," said NCCM spokesperson Khalid Elgazzar. The incident has also sparked a wider debate about the role of religious symbols in public life. While Quebec has controversially banned some forms of religious clothing in public institutions, many argue that this only serves to stigmatize and marginalize minority groups. As El-Alloul's case shows, Canada still has a long way to go in terms of ensuring equal rights and protections for all its citizens, regardless of religion or ethnicity. The incident has underscored the urgent need to address issues of discrimination and hate speech, and to work towards a more inclusive and tolerant society.