article: Five people were killed and 11 injured after a three-alarm fire broke out at the Wedgwood Senior Living Apartments in San Antonio, Texas, on Sunday morning, officials at the scene said. Firefighters evacuated the building by carrying some elderly residents out windows and down ladder trucks from the 11-story building. The building is home to some 700 residents and somewhere between 75 and 120 elderly residents were carried out. Five people were killed and 11 injured after a three-alarm fire broke out at the Wedgwood Senior Living Apartments in San Antonio, Texas, on Sunday morning. Firefighters evacuated the building by carrying some elderly residents out windows and down ladder trucks from the 11-story building . At least one of the injured is in critical condition at an area hospital. The cause of the fire is still not known and MySA reports that the building's sprinkler system didn't work. Witnesses said there was smoke pouring from the back of the building. SAFD Police Chief Charles Hood said the third floor of the building was completely gutted and that doors were charred. The fire started around 6:30am and a total of 150 firefighters from San Antonio and area municipal fire departments responded to the fire. Those killed in the blaze have not yet been identified. An evacuation center was established at Churchill High School nearby and family members are encouraged to check there about elderly relatives. The building is home to some 700 residents and somewhere between 75 and 120 elderly residents were carried out . According to television news reports, San Antonio Fire Chief Charles Hood said evacuating the residents was hindered because of the building's construction. It's the worst catastrophe in my knowledge to happen in Castle Hills,' said Time Howell, mayor of the city of approximately 4,300. Castle Hills was the main fire department responding. The Castle Hills City Manage Diane Pfeil said there were efforts underway to send blankets to Churchill High School and that Castle Hills Police would be in charge of making sure medications were distributed.
highlights: Fire broke out at the Wedgwood Senior Living Apartments in San Antonio, Texas, on Sunday morning . Firefighters evacuated the building by carrying some elderly residents out windows and down ladder trucks from the 11-story building . Building is home to some 700 residents and somewhere between 75 and 120 elderly residents were carried out . The cause of the fire is still not known and there are reports that the building's sprinkler system didn't work .
id: 559c4207d0f2da79d53b96923f862c9c2c781c9f
chatgpt: SAN ANTONIO, TEXAS - A massive fire broke out on Sunday morning at the Wedgwood Senior Living Apartments in San Antonio, Texas. Firefighters quickly arrived on the scene and evacuated residents from the 11-story building. Reports indicate that the fire was so intense that firefighters had to carry some of the elderly residents out of windows and down ladder trucks to safety. The building is home to approximately 700 residents and between 75 and 120 elderly residents were carried out to safety. There are concerns that the building's sprinkler system did not work, according to reports from witnesses. The cause of the fire is still under investigation at this time. The fire was reported to have started in a first-floor apartment and quickly spread throughout the building. The residents of the Wedgwood Senior Living Apartments were left shaken and distraught following the fire. Many expressed their gratitude to the firefighters who risked their lives to evacuate them from the building. The community has rallied together to help the evacuated residents, with local organizations offering shelter and assistance for those who have been displaced. The Red Cross is also providing support to those who were affected by the fire. Authorities have cautioned the public to stay away from the area surrounding the Wedgwood Senior Living Apartments while their investigation into the cause of the fire continues. They have also urged any witnesses or residents who may have been affected by the fire to come forward and provide any information that may be helpful in their investigation. The fire at the Wedgwood Senior Living Apartments has left a devastating impact on the senior community in San Antonio. The incident highlights the importance of fire safety in buildings, especially those housing vulnerable elderly residents. The community has come together to support those affected and bring them back to safety.