article: By . Katy Winter . PUBLISHED: . 11:07 EST, 10 December 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 11:16 EST, 11 December 2013 . Online fashion retailer ASOS has launched its first ever calendar, featuring 14 of our favourite male models from 2013. The 'Boys 2014' calendar stars popular models like Ollie Loudon, Alex Libby and George Alsford in various states of undress as they stare cheekily into the camera. Whether dressed in a bunny onesie, holding an unbelievably cute puppy, or simply posing in their boxer shorts, the ASOS boys show why they are some of the hottest up-and-coming talent on the British model scene. Asos is known for using less conventional models including those with several tattoos like the rather sexy Billy and Sam . Alex could have just stepped off a surf board on a tropical beach with that glistening torso as he poses for June . Mikey goes commando (!) for November . All proceeds from the £8 calender will be donated to the ASOS Foundation, which is an independent charitable trust set up to provide young people with life-changing opportunities, support and inspiration through long-term partnerships with established charities. As well as raising money for a good cause, the calendar hopes to build on the relationship ASOS likes to nurture between its customers and regular models with activity such as the weekly ‘Friday Fittie’ video which features a favourite ASOS model answering questions that customers have sent in via twitter. Sam looks as puzzled to find himself in a bunny onesie as we are to see him wearing clothes . George poses as a perfect Valentine's date with that ever so dapper hat and cravat scarf for February's picture . We can't decide which one of these March pin ups we want to cuddle more... Harvey turns up the heat for July with dangerous red Speedos . We would certainly be up for tennis, or basketball, or in fact any games if Tom and Will were our opponents . Jackson forgets his shirt as he celebrates the New Year for January. Shame. Ollie shows off his creative side by posing with a guitar . Dom channels Brad Pitt in Thelma and Louise as he broods for the September shot . Hot vampire Jordan poses with a collar and fangs for October. Bite me.
highlights: Online retailer have released 'Boy 2014' starring their own models . All proceeds will be donated to the ASOS Foundation . Charitable trust provides young people with life-changing opportunities . Calendars cost £8 and are available at ASOS.com .
id: 4cca5565a7a88418c565c6598275bc674186852a
chatgpt: Online fashion retailer ASOS has launched a new charity venture with their latest calendar, 'Boy 2014'. The calendar features the retailer's very own models, and all proceeds from sales will go towards the ASOS Foundation, a charitable trust providing young people with life-changing opportunities. The ASOS Foundation aims to give young people all around the world access to education, healthcare and employment opportunities. The foundation works towards a future where young people can look forward to fulfilling careers and happy, healthy lifestyles. So far, the trust has helped fund projects in Kenya, India and the UK, and has supported many young people to achieve their ambitions. The 'Boy 2014' calendar, available for just £8 from ASOS.com, features the retailer's male models in a range of stylish shots for each month of the year. The photographs were taken by renowned fashion photographer Larsen Sotelo, who has worked with ASOS on previous campaigns. "We are thrilled to launch the 'Boy 2014' calendar and support the amazing work of the ASOS Foundation," said ASOS CEO, Nick Beighton. "Our models have worked hard to create stunning images that capture the essence of our brand and we hope that customers love it as much as we do." The calendar marks the latest in a series of ASOS initiatives that aim to give back to the community. Last year, ASOS partnered with Cancer Research UK to release a range of exclusive t-shirts, with all profits going towards the charity. "This is such a fantastic initiative from ASOS," said a spokesperson from the ASOS Foundation. "The ASOS Foundation is dedicated to helping young people from all walks of life achieve their aspirations, and every purchase of the 'Boy 2014' calendar will help us to do just that. We are incredibly grateful for the support of ASOS and their customers." ASOS has become known as a leader in the fashion industry for its innovative approach to e-commerce and commitment to ethical and sustainable practices. The 'Boy 2014' calendar is just one example of the retailer's dedication to using its platform for positive change. The ASOS Foundation is one of the many beneficiaries of ASOS' success, and the 'Boy 2014' calendar is a fun and stylish way for customers to show their support. By purchasing the calendar, customers can join ASOS in making a difference to the lives of young people all around the world.