article: A groom who sparked a mass brawl on his wedding night told a group of teenagers he would 'knock them out with one punch' before butting, glassing and throttling his three victims. John Derick Sandham, 31, was at his wedding reception at a pub in Holywell, Flintshire, when he launched an attack on a group of young friends also having a drink at the venue. The court heard how Sandham, who had swapped vows with his wife Clare just hours earlier, head-butted one victim before hitting him in the face with a glass or a bottle. John Derick Sandham, 31 (right) was at his wedding reception after marrying his wife Clare in August 2013 (left) when he launched an attack of a group of young friends who were also having a drink at the venue . He then grabbed another of the teenagers by the throat, before hitting the third victim on the back of the head, Mold Crown Court was told. Sandham, from Bagillt, near Holywell, had claimed he acted in self-defence, saying: 'This was my wedding night. It is supposed to be the happiest day of my life and it was blighted by this.' But a jury at Mold Crown Court convicted him of all three assaults. He has now been bailed until his sentencing hearing. The court heard how the wedding took place on August 24, 2013 before the reception at The Abbott’s Arms. The victims, who were aged 16 and 17, were not part of the wedding party. The court was told how one of the victims went for a cigarette while the others were in the porch 'having a laugh and messing about'. The court heard Sandham (left and right) head-butted one victim and him in the face with glass or a bottle . The defendant then walked through the porch, where he was said to have asked the friends what they were saying. He then walked straight up to the group and grabbed one of them, before launching the gurious attacks. The jury heard how one of the teeangers needed hospital treatment for cuts to his nose after being struck with the glass. He told the jury: 'We were just having a laugh. There were no issues. 'He turned around and asked what we were saying? We said we did not want any trouble but he said he could knock all three of us out with one punch.' The brawl unfolded in the porch at the Abbot's Arms in Holywell, Flintshire (pictured), the court heard . The groom had claimed he only went through the porch to say goodbye to wedding guests, who were leaving by taxi. He said he had left his glass inside the venue. He also claimed that the teenage friends had started growling at him and 'went for him'. He told the court: 'Everyone there had a fantastic day, all the guests, all the friends and family, the children, it was brilliant. Then it was blighted by this.'
highlights: John Sandham, 31, married wife Clare in Holywell, Flintshire in 2013 . Hours later, he attacked teenagers  drinking at the couple's reception venue . Court heard teenagers needed hospital treatment after attack in pub porch . Sandham convicted at trial at Mold Crown Court of three charges of assault .
id: 3a1ead4d30f82fe40b9494d05e3d4a7ec2c4b2ca
chatgpt: A Welsh man who attacked teenagers at his wedding reception has been convicted of three charges of assault at Mold Crown Court. John Sandham, 31, married his wife Clare in 2013 in Holywell, Flintshire, but the celebrations soon turned sour when Sandham became aggressive towards a group of teenagers drinking outside the reception venue. The court heard that Sandham approached the group and began punching and kicking them, causing serious injuries that required hospital treatment. The attack took place in the porch of a local pub and was witnessed by several other wedding guests. Sandham denied the charges, claiming that he had been provoked by the teenagers and acted in self-defence. However, the jury rejected his defence and found him guilty on all three counts of assault. The judge described Sandham's behaviour as "completely unjustified and wholly unacceptable" and warned him that he faced a custodial sentence. The victims of the attack spoke out after the trial, describing the terrifying ordeal they had suffered at the hands of the groom. One teenager, who wished to remain anonymous, said: "We were just enjoying a few drinks when he came over and started attacking us. It was completely unprovoked and we had no idea why he was doing it. "We were really scared and didn't know what to do. We ended up going to hospital with some pretty serious injuries." Another victim, 18-year-old Mark Jones, said: "I couldn't believe it when I found out he was the groom. It's supposed to be one of the happiest days of your life, but he ruined it for everyone." The case has attracted widespread media attention, with many people expressing shock and disbelief at Sandham's actions. Speaking outside the court, Detective Sergeant David Peters of North Wales Police praised the bravery of the victims and urged anyone who witnessed the attack to come forward. "This was a senseless act of violence that left several young people seriously injured," he said. "It's important that we bring people like Mr Sandham to justice and send a clear message that this kind of behaviour will not be tolerated. "I would like to thank the witnesses who came forward and helped us build a strong case against him. Their courage and determination has helped to bring some closure to the victims and their families." Sandham will be sentenced at a later date.