article: By . Simon Murphy . Melissa Reid wrote a moving letter from behind bars on her birthday to her family telling them to ‘pray for me’. Melissa, who turned 20 in a police cell, wrote the letter to her mother Debra, brother Liam, 22, and twin sisters Stephanie and Jennifer, 18, in Scotland. In a remarkably upbeat tone, she wrote: ‘This is one birthday that I will be forgetting ASAP! I know that you are doing all that you can but its [sic] frustrating and hard for me when you are dealing with police like this and after 9 days they are just getting round to interrogating us!’ Up beat: Melissa's letter is she remarkably upbeat has she tells her mother and siblings about being interrogated by police and how this is one birthday 'I will be forgetting ASAP' The two-sided letter, written on crumpled A4 paper, reveals Melissa’s struggle with life behind bars. She wrote: ‘Everything here is so corrupt like you said it’s all about money, especially in jail!!! I have heard stories but I need to keep strong because it could only be word of mouth!’ Of her fellow captive, she wrote: ‘I have made a sister for life in Michaella. I say sister because our bond is just beginning and no matter what we go through it will never be broken.’ But the reality of her situation was clearly hitting home. ‘I found it hard in here at first. I  was crying in here a lot and could not handle the language barrier, it was really frustrating! 'Sisters for life': Melissa wrote of her closeness with her co-defendant saying: 'No matter what we go through our bond will never be broken' ‘But that just gave them more power over me as allowed them [sic] to just send me down stairs to the cells, tell me to calm down or else I would not be allowed back up,’ she wrote. ‘I am s******g my pants for what has to come for me.’ She finished with the emotional message: ‘Love you all so much. Pray for me please and stay strong.’ It comes as the saga of the 'Peru Two' approaches the three week mark. Since then their frightened faces have become familiar across the globe - and their case has divided opinion. Accused of trafficking drugs out of Peru, the two women, both 20, face sentences of up to 15 years. In the meantime they are already experiencing the harsh realities of a Peruvian prison, awaiting trial.
highlights: Melissa Reid turned 20 in a police cell this week . Tells her family of her frustration that is took the police nine days to begin questioning them . Describes co-defendant Michaella as 'a sister for life'
id: 32e84b1947e6c09a2a2a83bc2f6373458942bab8
chatgpt: Melissa Reid, the British drug mule who was arrested in Peru in 2013, turned 20 years old in a police cell this week. The young woman was caught trying to leave the country with over 11 kilograms of cocaine in her luggage alongside another British citizen, Michaella McCollum. The two women were eventually sentenced to six years and eight months in prison. Reid has recently spoken out about the frustration she felt after it took nine days for the police to start questioning her and McCollum about their involvement in the drug trafficking operation. She reportedly told her family that it was "heartbreaking" to know that the authorities had evidence against them but were taking their time to act on it. Reid believes that this delay could have easily led to the destruction of crucial evidence that could help prove their innocence or at least lead to a shorter sentence. Despite the difficult circumstances, Reid has found some comfort in her co-defendant, Michaella McCollum. The two women were arrested together and have since formed a strong bond. Reid described McCollum as "a sister for life", saying that they have been through "hell and back" together. In a joint interview with The Mirror, McCollum also spoke about their friendship, revealing that they have supported each other through the toughest moments of their incarceration. Both Reid and McCollum have expressed regret over their decision to carry drugs for a notorious drug cartel in Peru. They have apologized for their actions and said that they were coerced into participating in the drug trafficking operation. Their claims have been met with skepticism by some, including the Peruvian authorities who say that they have evidence linking the women to the cartel. Despite the criticism, Reid and McCollum remain hopeful that they will be able to return to their families in the UK soon. According to The Mirror, they are both exploring their options for parole or repatriation. They have been in prison for over four years now and are anxious to put the ordeal behind them and start afresh. The case of Melissa Reid and Michaella McCollum is a cautionary tale about the dangers of drug trafficking and the harsh consequences it entails. Their story is a reminder that what may seem like a lucrative opportunity can quickly turn into a nightmare with lifelong consequences. As they continue to navigate the legal system and serve their sentence, they hope that others will learn from their experience and avoid falling into the same trap.