article: (CNN)  -- A superb second half goal from substitute Zlatan Ibrahimovic gave Barcelona a 1-0 win over arch-rivals Real Madrid to go back to the top of the Spanish La Liga on Sunday. Both teams ended with 10 men after Barca's Sergio Busquets went just after the hour mark for a second yellow card, with Real losing Lassana Diarra in the dying moments for two yellows. Ibrahimovic's goal was truly worthy of settling 'El Clasico' as the Swedish striker met a Daniel Alves ball from the right on the volley to leave Iker Casillas with no chance. The 55th minute strike in the Camp Nou came shortly after he replaced the ineffective Thierry Henry and followed an opening half in which visitors Real were the more threatening. Real had gone into the game with a one point lead in the standings over the defending Spanish and European champions and showed their quality on the break. Cristiano Ronaldo, making his first start in two months, might have put the visitors ahead in the 20th minute but was denied by home keeper Victor Valdes, who knocked his shot wide with his legs. Barcelona central defender Carlos Puyol also came to their rescue with two last-ditch challenges on Marcelo and Gonzalo Higuain from similar Real attacks. But the Catalans made the breakthrough as Ibrahimovic went some of the way to justifying his massive transfer fee and soon afterwards midfielder Xavi came within a whisker of a second from long-range. Further chances fell to Eric Abidal, who shot wide, and Argentine ace Lionel Messi, who was superbly denied by Casillas from close range. A tiring Ronaldo was substituted and his replacement, Karim Benzema, fired over the top in the 80th minute as Real pressed in vain for an equalizer. "This was a very good test," Barca coach Pep Guardiola told gathered reporters. "It's always difficult against Madrid but even more so when you go in as favorite and them as a big underdog. That's when Madrid is most dangerous." The three points leave Barcelona on top with 30 points from 12 games, two ahead of Real on 28. Sevilla, who drew on Saturday, have 26. In other action on Sunday, Deportivo La Coruna had a hard-fought 1-0 win at Racing Santander to move level on points with fourth-placed Valencia. Albert Lopo struck in the 76th minute to give the Galicians their eighth league success in 12 matches.
highlights: Barcelona beat arch-rivals Real Madrid 1-0 in El Clasico on Sunday . Zlatan Ibrahimovic scores only goal of the game in the Camp Nou . Victory leaves Barcelona two points clear of Real in La Liga . Cristiano Ronaldo wastes best chance of the match for visitors .
id: 28cc33b07003e8599ae3c03385ab010c02c11dcc
chatgpt: Barcelona secured a crucial victory at home against arch-rivals Real Madrid in El Clasico on Sunday. The exhilarating match played out in front of a packed Camp Nou stadium, which saw Zlatan Ibrahimovic score the only goal of the game to seal the win for the hosts. The game started off with high intensity as both teams came out with everything they had. Real Madrid looked dangerous early on, and Cristiano Ronaldo almost scored the opening goal of the match in the 28th minute. However, the Portuguese forward failed to hit the target and his effort went wide. Barcelona quickly responded to the missed opportunity as they upped their game and Ibrahimovic scored a spectacular goal in the 36th minute. The Swedish striker received the ball outside the box and unleashed a powerful shot that rocketed into the back of the net, leaving Real Madrid goalkeeper Iker Casillas with no chance. The second half of the game saw more of the same as both teams continued to push forward in search of the next goal. Real Madrid had several chances to equalize, but they were unable to capitalize on their opportunities. Barcelona defended well and managed to hold onto their lead until the final whistle. The victory was significant for Barcelona as it leaves them two points clear of Real Madrid in La Liga. With only a few games left in the season, this win could prove to be a deciding factor in the title race. Barcelona’s manager, Pep Guardiola, expressed his delight with the win in a post-match press conference. He hailed his team’s performance and commended them for their hard work and dedication. Real Madrid’s manager, Jose Mourinho, on the other hand, couldn’t hide his disappointment. He expressed his frustration with his team’s inability to score despite having several chances. He acknowledged Barcelona’s superiority in the game and praised Ibrahimovic for his stunning goal. Overall, it was a fantastic game for football fans all over the world. El Clasico is always an intense match, and this one did not disappoint. Barcelona will be hoping to maintain their lead in La Liga as they enter the final stretch of the season. Real Madrid, on the other hand, will be looking to bounce back from this defeat and catch up with their rivals.