article: (CNN) -- Formula One is set for a return to the United States in 2012, after an agreement was reached to build a brand-new racing track in the Texan state capital Austin. The decision for the southern American city to host F1 on a ten-year deal was confirmed on Wednesday, by the sport's rights owner Bernie Ecclestone. "For the first time in the history of Formula One in the United States, a world-class facility will be purpose-built to host the event," he told the official F1 Web site. "This will be the first time a facility is constructed from the ground up specifically for Formula One in the US." Is America interested in Formula One? The U.S. Grand Prix was last held at the famous Indianapolis Motor Speedway in 2007 and America has hosted F1 Grand Prix's in a number of locations across the country since the 1950's. However, the U.S.'s relationship with the sport ended amidst controversy when a dispute between tire manufacturers in 2005 led to most drivers boycotting the race and only six competing. But speculation has been rife over F1 returning to the country for some time, after Ecclestone made no secret that he wished to make a fresh attempt to crack the U.S. market. New York, San Francisco and Miami were some of the other locations in the frame to host a revamped U.S. Grand Prix, but it was the surprise contender Austin that won the race in the end. And organizers in Austin are confident that after its five-year break F1 can become more popular in the U.S. that it was last time around. "We realize that over the last 30 years there have been one or two missing pieces from the previous editions of the United States Grand Prix," Tavo Hellmand, managing director of US Grand Prix promoters Full Throttle Productions told the F1 Web site. "We have a tremendous opportunity at hand to do it right - to feature Austin as the backdrop and produce one of the great sporting events in the world." The American company Goodyear is also competing to provide the tires for the next F1 season -- along with Italian tire firm Pirelli and French firm Michelin -- which could further increase American influence in the sport. There is also the prospect of the all-American team USF1 taking part in future F1 racing -- the team failed to line up on the grid for the 2010 Championships due to financial troubles, but the sport's governing body, the Federation Internationale d' Automobile, are considering the possibility of the team taking part in the 2011 season.
highlights: Formula One to return to U.S. at a new track in Austin, Texas . F1 supremo Bernie Ecclestone confirmed the move on Wednesday . Last U.S. Grand Prix was held in Indianapolis in 2007 . Austin was one of several new locations for the grand prix including New York .
id: 26f861f2946cdc454b82de9e0ced16dbd25c7bd4
chatgpt: Formula One racing will be returning to the United States after a long hiatus, with a new track being built in Austin, Texas. The confirmation for the move came from F1 supremo Bernie Ecclestone on Wednesday, making racing fans all over the US incredibly excited for the upcoming event. The previous US Grand Prix was held in Indianapolis back in 2007, leaving a gap of over a decade before the sport returns to soil in America. The organizers of the event are aiming at making the 2018 US Grand Prix a championship-winning one, and are sparing no expense in making sure that the racing experience is unforgettable for all the spectators. Austin was selected as the location to host the grand prix after an exhaustive search for a new location. The city will join a select group of cities that have hosted Formula One races in the US, such as Indianapolis, Phoenix, and Watkins Glen. According to sources, Austin was chosen because of its vibrant culture, dynamic population and welcoming community, along with an already established Formula One interest in the state. The announcement of the upcoming event is a major boost to the city of Austin, as it is expected to attract thousands of visitors, generate millions of dollars in revenue, and promote the city as a world-class destination. The race is expected to be a major attraction for Formula One enthusiasts from all over the world, with the F1 organizers looking to continue their tradition of bringing the most exciting races to the most passionate fans. In addition to Austin, there were several other new locations considered for the new grand prix, including New York City. However, after a thorough vetting process, Austin was determined to be the most suitable location for the event. The city of Austin is currently in the process of building a brand new track, which is expected to be a state-of-the-art racing facility that will cater to the needs of Formula One racing teams and drivers. The track will be built using the latest technology, making it one of the most advanced in the world, and will feature a stunning combination of long straightaways and sharp turns that will challenge even the best drivers. Despite the recent troubles in the global economy, the Formula One racing series has continued to thrive. With its return to the United States, and the selection of a promising new location in Austin, fans and organizers alike are looking forward to the upcoming race with great anticipation. The US Grand Prix is slated to be a highlight of the annual Formula One racing schedule, and Austin will surely make for an excellent host city for the grand prix event. As the countdown to the race begins, fans of the sport will have an exciting new destination to look forward to in the years to come.