article: You might have thought a tiny beach cafe on a sparsely populated Mediterranean island would be no match for the might of a Hollywood blockbuster. But when a rustic restaurant in Gozo posed a problem for the production of a film starring Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt, the A-list couple found a diplomatic solution – by renting the place for the summer. The pair and their production crew wanted unfettered access to the pebble beach at the picturesque bay at Mgarr ix-Xini for three months while they make By The Sea. Scroll down for video . Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie, attending the premiere of Maleficent at Kensington Palace, London have found a diplomatic solution to a problem in the production of their latest film . The beach is one of the most secluded spots on the island and the cafe holds pride of place at the water’s edge. Owners Noel and Sandra Vella are reportedly being paid thousands of pounds in compensation to shut up shop. Mrs Vella said: ‘I’m not going to make as much had I remained open throughout these months, but at least I’m getting some form of compensation.’ Gozo - which has a population of 31,000 and is a 20-minute ferry ride from the island of Malta, is famous for its rugged landscapes, spectacular coastline and superb diving conditions. Idyllic: The view from the cafe at the picturesque bay of Mgarr ix-Xini on Gozo . Oscar-winner Jolie, 39, has written the script for By The Sea, and she will also be directing and starring in the movie. Working alongside her for the first time since 2005’s Mr & Mrs Smith will be her partner Pitt, 50. They will play husband and wife in the film, which is described by Universal Pictures as an ‘intimate character-driven drama’. Maltese prime minister Joseph Muscat has estimated that the weeks of filming, followed by a boost in visitor numbers, could pump £15 million into the local economy.
highlights: Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt are producing new film on island of Gozo . Production crew wanted clear access to beach where they were filming . But the picturesque bay features a rustic beach-side restaurant . The A-list couple found a solution by renting the place for the summer .
id: cd4ce07c1b2e751be81099a969577875ea697916
chatgpt: Hollywood celebrities Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt are currently producing a new film on the beautiful island of Gozo in Malta. However, the production crew faced a problem when they wanted clear access to the beach where they were filming, which happened to feature a rustic beach-side restaurant. Enter the power couple's ingenuity. Instead of disrupting the local business, Jolie and Pitt decided to rent the charming restaurant for the entire summer! By doing so, the production team now has access to the picturesque beach without inconveniencing the restaurant's regular patrons. This thoughtful and respectful solution highlights the couple's dedication to good community relations, which isn't surprising given their philanthropic work around the world. The restaurant's location, at the secluded Mgarr ix-Xini bay, is perfect for the couple's new movie project. In a recent interview, Jolie described the location as "stunningly beautiful" and added that they "fell in love with it" when they first scouted the location. The new movie is being directed by Jolie and stars her and Pitt in leading roles, which has generated a lot of excitement amongst fans. The couple last co-starred in the 2015 film, "By the Sea," which was also directed by Jolie. The movie was filmed in France and went on to receive mixed reviews from critics. However, this new project seems to be off to a great start, with filming in Gozo quietly making progress. While few details about the plot or the rest of the cast have been released, fans can't wait to see what the couple has in store for them. As for the Mgarr ix-Xini restaurant and the island of Gozo, it's definitely a win-win situation. The restaurant gets a long-term tenant, and the film crew gets their perfect filming location without disturbing the local business. Malta is no stranger to hosting major productions like "Game of Thrones," and with Hollywood A-listers like Jolie and Pitt, it seems like the island's film industry will continue to make waves in the coming years.