article: (CNN) -- Roma returned to the top of Serie A with a 2-1 victory at 10-man Parma on Saturday to keep the Italian title race on a knife edge. Champions Inter Milan, who reached a first European Cup final since 1972 in midweek, now trail by one point ahead of Sunday's trip to Roma's capital rivals Lazio. Claudio Ranieri's team, who face Inter in the Italian Cup final, bounced back from last weekend's 2-1 defeat by Sampdoria to revive their title hopes with two matches to play. Captain Francesco Totti opened the scoring in the fifth minute after showing great control to chest down Daniele De Rossi's pass and lob Parma goalkeeper Antonio Mirante. Totti also hit the post 10 minutes into the second half, and then the veteran striker's cross allowed Rodrigo Taddei to head the second goal with 15 minutes left as Parma -- employing four strikers -- pressed to equalize. Totti was also involved as 10th-placed Parma had Luis Jimenez sent off for the third time since his loan arrival from Inter in February, with the Chilean receiving a second yellow card for a foul on the 33-year-old with two minutes left. "I told my players to battle and then see if the ball would run for us. Last week it went against us but today it went for us," Ranieri told reporters. "I'm not thinking about Lazio but obviously if they play their part, tomorrow's game should be a tough one to win." Third-placed AC Milan almost certainly clinched qualification for next season's Champions League with a 1-0 win over Fiorentina despite being reduced to 10 men. Brazilian forward Ronaldinho netted the only goal from the penalty spot in the 78th minute after Mario Borriello was fouled, but teammate Massimo Ambrosini was sent off for a second bookable offense with two minutes to go. The victory was a boost for coach Leonardo, who was criticized by club president Silvio Berlusconi in midweek and faces an uncertain future. Milan moved nine points clear of fifth-placed Palermo, who travel to second-bottom Siena on Sunday, needing to win handsomely to redress a nine-goal inferior for-and-against ratio. Sampdoria, two points above Palermo, host bottom club Livorno.
highlights: Roma move one point clear of Inter Milan at the top of the Italian Serie A table . Captain Francesco Totti inspires a 2-1 victory away to Parma, who have a man sent off . Defending champions Inter travel to Roma's capital city rivals Lazio on Sunday . Ten-man AC Milan consolidate third place with 1-0 victory at home to Fiorentina .
id: 41d97ab0bfac6a867374b04aacf37d07e5463a6d
chatgpt: Roma have taken pole position in the Italian Serie A following a hard-fought 2-1 victory away to Parma, with captain Francesco Totti delivering a performance to remember. The result puts Roma one point clear of Inter Milan at the top of the table. Playing away from home, Roma faced a resilient Parma who pestered the visitors with their high-pressing game. However, the game changed dramatically in the 24th minute when Parma were forced to play with ten men after midfielder Gianni Munari received his second yellow card for a foul on Daniele De Rossi. The sending off changed the complexion of the game, and Roma began to control proceedings. They took the lead in the 37th minute when Adem Ljajic found the back of the net with a well-placed shot. Just moments later, Totti gave Roma a two-goal cushion, converting a penalty following a foul on midfielder Kevin Strootman. Despite Parma's best efforts, Roma managed to hold on for the victory, aided by the heroics of goalkeeper Morgan De Sanctis, who made several notable saves. Meanwhile, defending champions Inter Milan will have a chance to reclaim top spot in the league when they face Roma's capital city rivals, Lazio. Inter travel to Rome on Sunday, hoping to inflict a defeat on their hosts and move back to the top of the league standings. Elsewhere, AC Milan consolidated their third position with a narrow 1-0 victory at home to Fiorentina. Despite playing with ten men for most of the second half after Nigel de Jong was sent off, Milan held on for the win, with striker Mario Balotelli scoring the decisive goal from a penalty. The victory ensured that Milan extended their lead over fourth-placed Napoli to six points, putting them in a strong position to secure a Champions League spot for next season. Overall, it was a good weekend for Italian football, with plenty of exciting action and drama. With several more rounds of fixtures still to play, the battle for the league title promises to be a close and thrilling one.