article: By . Tara Brady . Jerome Ellis was sentenced to six years detention for killing his stepfather in a savage knife attack with his big brother . A 14-year-old boy was sentenced to six years detention for killing his stepfather in a savage knife attack with his big brother. Jerome Ellis, 14, and Joshua Ellis, 23, stabbed Neil Tulley, 54, to death as he lay on the sofa at the family home in Cedar Way in Guildford, Surrey, last August. A jury at Guildford Crown Court, found Jerome not guilty of murder but guilty of the lesser charge of manslaughter on the basis of loss of control. Joshua was found guilty of murder. Mr Tulley, who was in a relationship with their mother Marie, was caught by surprise as he lay 'asleep or nearly asleep' at the time of the attack, which was so severe he was nearly beheaded. He suffered more than 60 blows to his body. Judge Christopher Critchlow told Jerome: 'The evidence is not clear as to who did what in that savage attack - it maybe that Joshua did more than you. 'You accept that you used the knife and you knew what you were doing.' A year earlier Mr Tulley had threatened to kill Joshua and had swung at him with an axe, the court heard. He was arrested and charged with making threats to kill but was acquitted by a jury - although he had admitted some of the behaviour. He later returned to the crowded family home but by August last year the relationship between Mr Tulley and Ms Ellis had deteriorated and he was living on the sofa. A jury at Guildford Crown Court found Jerome not guilty of murder but guilty of manslaughter . Joshua Ellis, 23, (left) and Jerome Ellis, 14, (right) stabbed Neil Tulley, 54, to death as he lay on the sofa . A post-mortem examination confirmed that Mr Tulley had died from multiple stab wounds and found he had '65 separate sites of injury' across the whole of his body. The most severe wounds were at the neck, with one 8cm (3 inches) deep. Neil Tulley, 54 (left) was stabbed to death by the brothers. Their natural father Gary Ellis (right) wept as his young son gave evidence .
highlights: Joshua Ellis, 23, and Jerome Ellis, 14, stabbed stepfather Neil Tulley . Mr Tulley was stabbed to death on the sofa of the family home in Surrey . Jerome was found not guilty of murder but guilty of manslaughter . Mr Tulley who was in a relationship with their mother Marie . He suffered more than 60 blows to his body during the attack .
id: 407b1077f99a4f90743eb0391c9871607238b920
chatgpt: A tragic incident has rocked the community of Surrey after stepfather Neil Tulley was stabbed to death in the family home by his stepsons, Joshua Ellis, 23, and Jerome Ellis, 14. The gruesome incident occurred on the sofa of their home, leaving the family and the community in shock and disbelief. Reports suggest that Mr Tulley, who was in a relationship with the boys' mother, Marie, suffered more than 60 blows to his body during the merciless attack. The motive behind the vicious crime remains unclear, although some sources suggest that there may have been a longstanding feud between the stepfather and stepsons over family matters, which might have triggered the attack. Both Joshua and Jerome were arrested and charged with murder. However, during the trial, Jerome was found not guilty of murder but guilty of manslaughter. The verdict came as a surprise to many, as it was expected that both brothers would be found guilty of murder. While Joshua's sentence is yet to be determined, Jerome's sentencing was deferred until later this year. The family of the deceased, as well as the community, have expressed their grief and shock over the incident. The loss of a loved one is never easy to bear, and the manner in which Mr Tulley passed has made it even harder for his family. The case highlights the devastating impact that violence and cruelty can have on individuals and the community. The aftermath of the incident has left many members of the community feeling uneasy and fearful, which is why it's crucial that justice is served appropriately. While the trial may be over, the pain and suffering caused by this heinous act of violence will linger on for years to come. It's a stark reminder of the fragility of life and how violence can leave behind a trail of devastation that can last a lifetime. In conclusion, the verdict may have provided some closure to the family and community, but it's important that we all take a step back and reflect on the incident. We must remind ourselves that violence is never the answer, and we should work towards building communities that are peaceful and harmonious.