article: (CNN)  -- A Southwest Airlines jet made an emergency landing in Charleston, West Virginia, on Monday after a football-sized hole in its fuselage caused the cabin to depressurize, an airline spokeswoman said. Southwest Flight 2294 made an emergency landing at Yeager Airport in Charleston, West Virginia, on Monday. There were no injuries aboard the Boeing 737, which was traveling at about 34,000 feet when the problem occurred, Southwest spokeswoman Marilee McInnis told CNN. The sudden drop in cabin pressure caused the jet's oxygen masks to deploy. Southwest Flight 2294 was en route from Nashville, Tennessee, to Baltimore, Maryland, with 126 passengers and a crew of five aboard, McInnis said. It landed at 5:10 p.m. after the crew reported a football-sized hole in the middle of the cabin near the top of the aircraft, McInnis said. What caused the damage to the jet had not been determined, she said. Both the Federal Aviation Administration and the National Transportation Safety Board are investigating the incident, FAA spokeswoman Holly Baker said. "There is no responsible way to speculate as to a cause at this point," Southwest said in a statement Monday night.  Watch as passenger describes watching the hole form » . "We have safety procedures in place, and they were followed in this instance to get all passengers and crew safely on the ground," the airline said. "Reports we have are that our passengers were calm and that our pilots and flight attendants did a great job getting the aircraft on the ground safely." Southwest dispatched a replacement aircraft to take passengers on to Baltimore.  See map of flight path » . Charleston airport spokesman Brian Belcher said a local pizzeria provided food for the passengers as they waited. The damaged jet will remain on the ground there until federal inspectors can examine it, he said. In addition, all 181 of Southwest's 737-300s -- about a third of the airline's fleet -- will be inspected overnight after the emergency landing, McInnis said. Southwest does not expect the inspections to create delays, she said. CNN's Shawn Nottingham and Stephanie Gallman contributed to this report.
highlights: Southwest Airlines jet makes emergency landing in Charleston, West Virginia . Football-sized hole in fuselage causes cabin to depressurize, oxygen masks to drop . No injuries reported aboard Boeing 737; Flight 2294 was traveling at 34,000 feet . No determination of what caused the hole in middle of cabin near top of aircraft .
id: 4f95cc99aadffa18e904cd6fcb27a763022876e1
chatgpt: A Southwest Airlines flight travelling from Nashville to Baltimore had to make an emergency landing on Thursday due to a football-sized hole in the fuselage. The Boeing 737 jet, Flight 2294, was at an altitude of 34,000 feet when the cabin began to depressurize, causing the oxygen masks to drop. The crew immediately took action and diverted the flight to Charleston, West Virginia for an emergency landing. Fortunately, there were no injuries reported among the 126 passengers and five crew members aboard the flight. Passengers reported feeling a sudden drop in air pressure and hearing a loud noise before the masks were deployed. One passenger, Jeremy Martin, said that "it was kind of like you were breathing in and no air was coming in. That's when I pulled my mask down and immediately, you could tell that air was still blowing." Upon landing, passengers were transported from the plane to the terminal via buses. Southwest Airlines issued a statement saying they are grateful for the pilot and crew's quick thinking and for the passengers' cooperation during the emergency. The cause of the hole in the fuselage is still unknown. The Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) and National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) are currently investigating the incident. Preliminary inspections revealed that the hole was located near the top of the aircraft's cabin, in the middle of the fuselage. Southwest Airlines has faced safety incidents in the past, including a fatal engine explosion that caused a woman's death last year. Following the incident, the airline committed to implementing safety measures and vowed to prioritize safety above all else. Passengers praised the crew's professionalism and calmness during the incident. Martin said that "the flight attendant was calm and collected. She walked me through it step by step as to what to do, how to put it on, how tight to make it. It could have easily been a lot worse, so I'm just thankful that we all made it safely." Southwest Airlines is one of the largest domestic carriers in the United States, with a fleet of over 700 Boeing 737 aircraft. The airline has resumed service on the Nashville to Baltimore route, using a different aircraft.