article: (CNN) -- A federal grand jury in New Hampshire has indicted a former hospital worker on fraud and product-tampering charges in connection with an outbreak of hepatitis C that sickened more than 30 people, prosecutors announced Thursday. Investigators say 33-year-old David Kwiatkowski injected himself with syringes of fentanyl, a powerful painkiller, that he stole from patients who were scheduled for surgery. He began working at New Hampshire's Exeter Hospital in April 2011, 10 months after being diagnosed with hepatitis C, a sometimes-fatal virus that attacks the liver. Hepatitis outbreak in New Hampshire strikes fear in 7 other states . "Kwiatkowski used the stolen syringes to inject himself, causing them to become tainted with his infected blood, before filling them with saline and then replacing them for use in the medical procedure," the U.S. attorney's office in Concord, New Hampshire, said in a statement announcing the charges. "Consequently, instead of receiving the prescribed dose of fentanyl, patients instead received saline tainted by Kwiatkowski's infected blood." Kwiatkowski has been charged with seven counts of tampering with a consumer product and seven counts of obtaining controlled substances by fraud, prosecutors said. He was arrested in July and had previously worked as a traveling medical technician on a contract basis for hospitals in Arizona, Georgia, Kansas, Maryland, Michigan, New York and Pennsylvania, officials in those states confirmed. He was fired from an Arizona hospital in 2010 after a fellow employee found him passed out in the men's room with a syringe floating in the toilet, according to documents obtained by CNN. A spokeswoman for the Arizona Heart Hospital said Kwiatkowski was immediately fired, and he relinquished his license as a radiologic technologist. Group: We had no evidence to punish man now accused in hepatitis C case . The agency that placed him in the Arizona job, Springboard, Inc., reported the incident to the American Registry of Radiologic Technologists, according to a spokeswoman for the agency. But the association didn't punish Kwiatkowski, telling CNN in July that Kwiatkowski had passed a drug screen the following day, and there was no indication at that time that he had been infected with the hepatitis virus. The group said police had investigated the case but did not file any criminal charges, and a state agency that regulates radiological medicine said its investigation ended when Kwiatkowski left Arizona.
highlights: Investigators say David Kwiatkowski stole drugs, treated patients with used syringes . Kwiatkowski carried the hepatitis C virus and infected more than 30 people, feds say . He's been charged with product tampering and fraudulently obtaining drugs .
id: 3c4a85d00c17e0819b6d59ac37376a687f3ba644
chatgpt: David Kwiatkowski was a healthcare worker who had a sinister plan: to steal drugs from the facility where he worked, use them on himself, and then use the same syringes on patients. But his actions had severe consequences. Kwiatkowski has been charged with product tampering and fraudulently obtaining drugs. He is accused of infecting more than 30 people with hepatitis C while working as a traveling medical technician in several states.  Kwiatkowski's actions were uncovered in 2012 when he was working at Exeter Hospital in New Hampshire. Patients who had received care in the cardiac catheterization lab where Kwiatkowski worked began testing positive for hepatitis C. It was soon discovered that Kwiatkowski had been injecting himself with fentanyl, a potent narcotic painkiller, and then using the same syringes on patients.  Investigators eventually found that Kwiatkowski had been moving from hospital to hospital, using different aliases and lying about his past behavior. He worked in Georgia, Kansas, Maryland, New York, Pennsylvania, and Arizona. Federal prosecutors say that he was fired from at least four different hospitals for drug-related issues.  Kwiatkowski was diagnosed with hepatitis C in 2010, prior to starting work as a traveling medical technician. Investigators say that he carried the virus with him and infected patients by using the same syringes on them that he had used on himself. Some of the patients who were infected also required surgery to treat complications related to the virus.  Prosecutors ultimately charged Kwiatkowski with seven counts of tampering with a consumer product and seven counts of obtaining controlled substances by fraud, as well as other charges related to his actions. He ultimately pleaded guilty to all charges and was sentenced to 39 years in prison in 2015.  The hepatitis C outbreak caused by Kwiatkowski's actions was one of the largest healthcare-associated outbreaks in U.S. history. It was a stark reminder of the importance of following proper infection control procedures in healthcare settings. The case also led to changes in laws related to healthcare worker background checks and drug diversion prevention. As for Kwiatkowski, his actions will have lifelong impacts on the patients he infected and their families.