article: A trip to Bali has turned Dylan Thomas into a real-life Spiderman. The 21-year-old was holidaying with friends last weekend when he woke up to find a strange red trail stretching up his stomach. Doctors told Mr Thomas  he had just been bitten by a small insect when he fronted Bali International Medical Centre on Sunday morning after the red mark started to grow in length, the NT News reports. Scroll down for video . Dylan Thomas, 21, was holidaying with friends last weekend when he woke up to find a strange red trail stretching up his stomach . Doctors at Bali International Medical Centre initially thought he had just been bitten by a small insect and gave him an antihistamine. When it started to blister the next day, he knew some was wrong . So imagine his surprise when doctors discovered a tropical spider burrowing just below his skin a day later. Mr Thomas, who recently returned to his Bunbury home in Western Australia, was initially given an antihistamine cream to treat the mark. But the next morning when he found it had started to blister, Mr Thomas went to see a dermatologist. Doctors retrieved the spider from his abdomen, which had burrowed its way through a small scar from a previous operation where he had his appendix removed . The 21-year-old has since returned to his Bunbury home in WA but is yet to find out what kind of spider it was . Doctors retrieved the spider from his abdomen, which had burrowed its way through a small scar from a previous operation where he had his appendix removed. 'It was a bit bigger than the size of a match head,' Mr Thomas told the newspaper. 'It takes a lot to deter me, but I do feel violated. It was a very bizarre experience just to know something like that was in my body for a couple of days.' The tropical spider was taken away for testing and Mr Thomas will soon be told exactly what kind of spider it was.
highlights: Dylan Thomas, 21, was holidaying in Bali last week when he noticed a red trail appearing on his stomach . He went to Bali International Medical Centre when it started growing . Doctors initially thought it was just an insect bite and gave him an antihistamine to treat it . But when it started blistering, Mr Thomas went to see a dermatologist . Doctors retrieved a small tropical spider that had entered his stomach through a small scar from a previous appendix operation .
id: 02ec8ce3c7da7ecd4dc2d798a991899dfb9a945c
chatgpt: A young British tourist has had a frightening experience on a holiday in Bali, after discovering a tropical spider living in his stomach. Dylan Thomas, 21, first noticed a red trail appearing on his stomach while on holiday last week. At first, doctors at Bali International Medical Centre thought it was an insect bite and prescribed an antihistamine. However, the trail started to grow and Mr Thomas became increasingly concerned. He sought a second opinion from a dermatologist, who was shocked to discover a small tropical spider had entered Mr Thomas' stomach via a small scar from a previous appendix operation. The spider, which had been living inside Mr Thomas for days, was quickly removed by doctors. While it is not unheard of for insects to enter people's bodies, instances of spiders entering the human body are extremely rare. Speaking from his hospital bed, Mr Thomas said he was feeling much better but was still in shock from the experience. "I never thought something like this could happen to me," he said. "It's been a real wake-up call and I've learned to appreciate my health a lot more." Mr Thomas' case has attracted attention from medical experts around the world. While it is rare for spiders to enter the human body, it is important for people to be aware of the risks of insect bites and take appropriate precautions. Doctors say Mr Thomas was lucky that the spider did not cause any serious harm, but warn that other insects can carry dangerous diseases. Tourists are advised to take steps to protect themselves from insect bites, such as wearing protective clothing, using insect repellant, and avoiding areas with high concentrations of insects. For now, Mr Thomas is focusing on his recovery and looking forward to returning home to the UK. While his experience may have been frightening, it has also taught him an important lesson about the fragility of life and the importance of taking care of his health.