article: (PEOPLE.com) -- As if you couldn't tell by that massive rock taking up residence on her ring finger, Kim Kardashian is a big fan of bling. And the reality-star-turned-fashion-designer continues to channel her sparkly aesthetic as her Belle Noel jewelry collection -- created in collaboration with designer Pascal Mouawad -- enters into its third season. "I love to accessorize. I think more is more when it comes to fun accessories," the newlywed (in Milly) tells WWD of her taste in jewelry, which she describes as "both glitz and glam, polished and put together." But just because Kardashian likes her ice doesn't mean she never goes without it. "I don't wear it to work out," she admits. "I see women coming to the gym with earrings on. I can't do it." Same goes for bedtime, she says. "For some reason I need it all off, though people do ... sleep with their earrings on." While she's enjoyed collaborating with her sisters on items like their book, "Kardashian Konfidential," and their "Kardashian Kollection" clothing line for Sears, the star admits she does love having a jewelry line to call her own. "It's something I do independently from my sisters. That's kind of rewarding when they see pieces and really like it and want it," she shares. "It's all mine." See full article at PEOPLE.com. © 2011 People and Time Inc. All rights reserved.
highlights: "I think more is more when it comes to fun accessories," Kardashian says . Kardashian likes her ice, but she doesn't wear it to the gym . Kardashian admits that she loves having a jewelry line to call her own .
id: 1fc0003b96b8a5719aa5016d3f0128e1bb8acc89
chatgpt: Reality TV star Kim Kardashian is known for her extravagant fashion choices, and she recently shared her opinion on accessories. "I think more is more when it comes to fun accessories," Kardashian said in a recent interview. However, she did note that there are some limits to her accessory choices. While Kardashian loves to wear diamonds and other luxurious jewelry, she draws the line when it comes to her fitness routine. "I love my ice, but I don't wear it to the gym," she stated. "I keep my workout look simple and focused on function." Despite her rules for gym attire, Kardashian's love of jewelry extends beyond just wearing it. She recently launched her own jewelry line, which she admits is a dream come true. "It's always been a dream of mine to have a jewelry line of my own," she said. "I'm so excited to see it become a reality." Kardashian's jewelry line includes a variety of pieces, from statement necklaces to delicate bracelets. She even has pieces inspired by her Armenian heritage, such as a pendant necklace with the Armenian symbol for eternity. Overall, Kardashian believes that accessories should be a fun way to express oneself. "I love experimenting with different styles and trying out new pieces," she said. "Accessories are a great way to add some personality to any outfit." With her new jewelry line, Kardashian hopes to inspire others to do just that.