article: By . Chris Pleasance . PUBLISHED: . 06:13 EST, 17 December 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 13:49 EST, 18 December 2013 . When Tom Crist's mobile rang on his way to play golf in May, the last thing he was expecting was a call to say he'd just won $40million (£24.5m) on the lottery. Not knowing what to do with the money, Crist kept the win a secret even from his own four children, hung up the phone, and finished his round. But yesterday 64-year-old went public, saying that he will donate every single cent to cancer charities after his wife Jan died from the disease in February last year, aged just 57. Scroll down for video . Tom Crist, 64, won the lottery last year but kept it a secret until yesterday when he announced he would be donating his $40million windfall to cancer charities . The couple had been married for 33 years. Speaking to CBC News, the former company CEO said: 'I’ve been fortunate enough, through my career, 44 years with a company. 'I did very well for myself. I’ve done enough that I can look after myself, for my kids, so they can get looked after into the future. I don’t really need that money.' He added that his wife would be ecstatic to know he was donating the win, and says he will start with the Tom Baker centre who helped treat Jan during her illness. He added: 'She was fairly young and stuff. She beat it for six years before it finally caught up to her.' The family, who are backing Crist's plan, will then set up a trust fund which will parcel out the rest of the money to various cancer causes over the years. Crist retired as CEO of EECOL Electric in September, following the company's CAD$1.14billion sale in December last year. The retired CEO's wife, Jan, died from cancer in February last year and he says she would be ecstatic to learn he was giving the money away to a good cause . Crist won the May 3 Lotto Max draw with the numbers 4, 6, 21, 26, 30, 34 and 35 but pays for his tickets by subscription, and so didn't pick the numbers himself. He said: 'I wasn’t even sure which game I’d won on, or what the numbers were. I’ve paid for the subscription when I get the renewal notice every year, and then I just file it — sometimes I’d get a cheque for $10 or $20, but I never expected this.' During his photocall and interview, mandatory for all big lottery winners, Crist opted for a baseball cap and dark sunglasses to take as much attention away from himself as possible. The Tom Baker cancer centre is based in Calgary, where Crist lives, and provides advanced cancer care for patients, as well as carrying out research into the condition.
highlights: Tom Crist won $40million last year but didn't even tell his children . Now he says he will donate all of it to cancer charities through a trust fund . Tom's wife, Jan, died from the disease in February last year aged just 57 . The former company CEO says he has no need for the money .
id: a46159b465bc77197f1d7e9dcf081370dcd5e2f4
chatgpt: Tom Crist, a former company CEO, made headlines last year for winning a staggering $40 million in a lottery. But instead of celebrating and announcing his win to the world, he quietly kept the news to himself. It wasn't until earlier this week that the Canadian millionaire announced he would be donating all of his winnings to cancer charities through a trust fund. Tom's wife, Jan, tragically passed away from cancer in February of last year at the age of 57. It was her battle with the disease that prompted Tom to start playing the lottery in the first place. He had secretly made a promise to Jan that if he ever won big, he would donate the money to cancer research. "I said to myself, 'I've been fortunate enough, I don't need the money,'" Tom said in an interview with the Calgary Herald. "I want to just be free of it and maybe make some good benefit to other people's lives." Tom, who is 64 years old, is a successful businessman and entrepreneur. He founded a software company that was eventually sold for millions of dollars, which allowed him to retire at a relatively young age. He says he has no need for the $40 million he won in the lottery and wants to use it to honor Jan's memory. "I don't really need that money. And definitely, if you sit back and think about it, the amount you can do with $40 million in terms of cancer research is phenomenal," Tom said. Tom's decision to donate all of his winnings to charity has been widely applauded. It's not often that you hear about someone being so selfless and generous, especially when it comes to such a large sum of money. Tom's story is a reminder that there are still good people in the world who are willing to use their blessings to make a difference. The Tom Crist Trust Fund has already started making donations to cancer charities across Canada, with more to come in the near future. The fund will be managed by the Calgary Foundation, a local organization that supports charities and community organizations throughout the city. Tom's children have also expressed their admiration for their father's decision to donate the money. They say they were surprised to learn about the win but are proud of their father for choosing to use the money to help others. "I think it's fantastic. I'm very happy he's made that decision," said his daughter, Dallas Crist. Tom's generosity is a shining example of how we can all use our resources to make a difference. Cancer is a disease that has touched the lives of countless individuals and families around the world. Tom's decision to donate his winnings to research is a reminder that we can all do something to support those who are fighting the disease.