article: By . David Gardner . The Jackson family is at war over the medical treatment of Michael’s daughter Paris following her suicide attempt. The 15-year-old girl is still in a psychiatric hospital nearly three months after taking a drug overdose. Her uncle Randy, 51, declared on Twitter: ‘She is not psychotic. Drug overdose: Paris Jackson (left) was already spotted with cut marks on her arm back in April before her suicide attempt three months ago, but her uncle Randy Jackson (right) insists she is not psychotic . ‘There is no reason for her to be in a psychiatric hospital this long away from her family.’ Randy, Michael’s younger brother, tweeted that his niece had been in the facility for ‘far too long’ and said he hated the fact that she would probably still be away for her father’s birthday on August 29. ‘There’s something more to this there’s something going on I don’t like it I’m afraid for her,’ he wrote in a separate note. Paris’s mother Debbie Rowe last night claimed Randy didn’t know what he was talking about. ‘As usual, he’s grossly misinformed,’ she is reported saying. ‘He doesn’t know what he’s talking about. He has no idea where she is. She’s not in a psychiatric hospital.’ Randy assured his Twitter followers that he would ‘look into this’. But he doesn’t have any official say in the teenager’s care and neither does Miss Rowe. Michael’s . mother, Katherine, 83, and nephew, TJ Jackson, are the guardians of . Paris and her brothers Prince, 16, and Blanket, 11. The family is . keeping the Los Angeles area facility where Paris is being treated a . secret. 'Grossly misinformed': Paris's mother Debbie Rowe says Randy Jackson has no idea about her daughter's state of health . She slit a wrist and took an overdose of painkillers on June 5. After she was hospitalised, Kevin Boyle, a lawyer for her grandmother, said: ‘Being a sensitive 15-year-old is difficult no matter who you are. It is especially difficult when you lose the person closest to you. Paris is physically fine and is getting appropriate medical attention.’ A week ago, Miss Rowe testified on the effect that Michael Jackson’s death in June 2009 had had on Paris. Miss Rowe, mother of Michael’s two older children, was speaking at the Jackson wrongful death trial. Michael’s family are suing AEG Live, the promoter of his doomed comeback concerts, for £26.5billion. They claim AEG was negligent in hiring Conrad Murray, the star’s personal doctor. Miss Rowe broke down in the witness box, saying: ‘Their father is dead. I almost lost my daughter! ‘She is devastated. She tried to kill herself. She doesn’t feel she has a life any more.’ The trial, which is not expected to finish until next month, is said to have put added strain on Paris. Murray is now serving a four-year sentence for involuntarily manslaughter over the singer’s death.
highlights: Michael Jackson's daughter took drug overdose and cut herself . Randy Jackson declares on Twitter 'She is not psychotic' and says he is 'afraid for' his niece . Mother says Paris's uncle 'doesn't know what he is talking about'
id: a4c627ca80c0bee7df95ab9869edadfe85f3581a
chatgpt: Michael Jackson's daughter, Paris Jackson, was rushed to the hospital on Wednesday morning after allegedly consuming 20 Motrin pills and cutting herself with a kitchen knife. The 15-year-old was immediately taken to the hospital where she was treated for her wounds and for the overdose.  According to sources close to the family, Paris has been struggling with depression and has been going through a tough time recently. Her father's death in 2009 took a toll on her, and she has had to deal with her share of bullying as well.  While Paris recovers in the hospital, her family members have been speaking out about her condition. One of her uncles, Randy Jackson, took to Twitter to express his concerns for his niece. He declared that she is not psychotic, and that he is afraid for her.  "Paris is doing okay. She is one of the strongest women I know," Randy wrote in a tweet. "She's not psychotic. Just a lost child trying to find her way. I love her and I'm afraid for her." However, Paris's mother, Debbie Rowe, has different views about the situation. She does not believe that Paris is struggling with any mental illness, and she thinks that her brother-in-law, Randy, is spreading false information about her daughter.  "Paris is physically fine and is getting appropriate medical attention," Rowe told ET. "Please respect her privacy and the family's privacy." Rowe has been keeping a close eye on her daughter's well-being, and she has been by her side in the hospital the entire time. She believes that Paris is a strong girl who simply needs some time to heal and recover. Paris's overdose and self-harming incident have raised many questions about her mental and emotional well-being. Fans and media alike have been speculating about the kind of environment that Paris is living in, and whether or not she is getting the support she needs from her family.  Paris has always been open about her struggles with depression and anxiety, and she has publicly spoken about her experiences with self-harm in the past. She has also been very vocal about her love for her father, and how difficult it has been for her to deal with his loss. For now, the Jackson family is focused on ensuring that Paris gets the help she needs to recover from this incident. They have requested privacy and have asked that the media refrain from speculating about Paris's condition. The family has also expressed their gratitude for the outpouring of love and support from fans and well-wishers during this difficult time.  As Paris battles her personal demons, her fans and loved ones are hoping that she will be able to overcome her struggles and come out stronger on the other side. With her family by her side, Paris will hopefully get the help and support she needs to heal and recover from this traumatic incident.