article: By . James Rush . PUBLISHED: . 02:40 EST, 15 January 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 06:01 EST, 15 January 2013 . John Smith's Extra Smooth is to be watered down from 3.8 per cent alcohol to 3.6 per cent next month . The brewer of one of Britain's best known beers is watering down its famous drink in a move which could see it make savings of £6.6million in duty annually. John Smith's Extra Smooth is to be reduced from 3.8 per cent alcohol to 3.6 per cent, but its manufacturers say research suggests the reduction does not compromise on the taste. Dutch brewer Heineken, which owns the John Smith's brand, is to bring the reduction into effect next month, along with a price increase of about 2.5p a pint. It has said the 'no nonsense beer' will be brought more in line with the smooth ales of competitors which are already at or below the 3.6 per cent mark. With UK beer duty rising at two per cent above inflation annually, since the introduction of the beer escalator introduced in 2008, beers with weaker alcohol content pay a lower rate of duty than higher strength rivals, The Financial Times has reported. A Heineken UK spokesman said the savings would be invested into the brewing and marketing of the beer. The spokesman said: 'Extensive research conducted with retailers and consumers consistently confirmed that a 0.2 per cent reduction in [alcohol content] does not compromise on the taste and quality.' Heineken has blamed the increase on the rising cost of energy and ingredients, along with the higher beer duty. Meanwhile, members of a working men's club in Grimethorpe, a mining village 25 miles from John Smith's brewery in Tadcaster, North Yorshire, have warned the move to raise the price and weaken the beer has not gone down well. Club secretary Philip Evans said: 'We are going to sit the rep down and tell him it either goes down or it goes out.' The Treasury raises £9.2bn annually from the production and sale of beer, according to the British Beer and Pub Association. The association has said while British drinkers were developing a liking for ales at a weaker strength, it did not expect many brewers to alter the alcohol percentage of its products as they had to be sure it wouldn't affect the flavour. The British Beer and Pub Association has said the Treasury raises £9.2bn annually from the production and sale of beer (file picture)
highlights: Brewer Heineken to reduce alcohol content while raising the price of a pint . The move could help the Dutch brewer save £6.6million in duty annually . Beers with weaker alcohol content pay a lower rate of duty than higher strength rivals .
id: 410a7770320424726dece719baa5a18f1d9ed26c
chatgpt: Dutch brewer Heineken is looking to cut down the alcohol content in its beer while also raising prices for pints across the UK. The move is aimed at helping the company save approximately £6.6million in duty annually. Beers with lower alcohol content pay taxes at a lower rate than higher strength rivals. The move comes as part of a wider effort by the brewing industry to find ways to save costs while also reducing overall alcohol consumption. Heineken's reduction in alcohol content will bring its beers more in line with the company's existing products in other markets. While Heineken's beer will still contain alcohol, the move is expected to make it more appealing to customers who prefer slightly milder drinks. At the same time, the price hike is not expected to put off loyal customers who are willing to pay a little extra for their favorite brand. Heineken's decision will likely have a ripple effect across the industry. Other brewers could follow suit, helping to drive up prices across the UK. While that could prove to be bad news for beer drinkers, it could be good news for brewers, who are facing increasingly tight margins in a challenging market. The reduction in alcohol content is also likely to play a role in Heineken's sustainability goals. Less alcohol means fewer resources needed to produce each pint. This could help the company to reduce its carbon footprint, while also positioning itself as a more responsible producer of alcoholic beverages. Overall, Heineken's decision represents a balancing act between cutting costs and retaining loyal customers. By reducing alcohol content and increasing prices, the brewer is able to save £6.6million in duty and possibly other costs, while also positioning itself more favorably with customers who are looking for milder beers. The move is just the latest example of how the industry is adapting to the changing needs of consumers. As more and more people seek out low-alcohol options and brands that are committed to environmental sustainability, the brewing industry is stepping up to meet their needs. In the long run, this could help to secure the industry's future, by ensuring that it continues to be a relevant and viable option for consumers across the UK.