article: (CNN) -- Spanish driver Nani Roma upstaged the pre-race favorites to set the early pace at the Dakar Rally in Argentina on Saturday. The day was marred by the death of a spectator who, along with other spectators, was struck during the race's first stage. The others were being treated for "slight injuries," according to a statement by race organizers on the event's Web site. The incident involved German driver Mirco Schultis and Czech partner Ulrich Leardi, the organizers said. Read more about spectator fatality at Dakar Rally . Roma, who was 10th overall last year after being hit with a late time penalty, was the leading car driver in the first stage from Colon to Cordoba. The 37-year-old, who won the motorbike class in 2004, was two minutes and seven seconds ahead of compatriot and two-time world rally champion Carlos Sainz in a Volkswagen. Roma's BMW team-mate Stephane Peterhansel, a total nine-time winner of the endurance event in the car and bikes categories, was a further 43 seconds adrift following the 199-kilometer stage. Defending car champion Giniel De Villiers was four minutes and 31 seconds adrift in a Volkswagen in fifth, behind teammate Nasser Al-Attiyah of Qatar, while NASCAR racer Robby Gordon was sixth in a Hummer. "In the end we were quite surprised by the time we achieved," Roma told the race's official Web site. "But I'm happy. We had a fright with the engine in the middle of the special stage and had to stop to make a few checks. But everything was running okay. I think it was an electrical problem, but since it was working, I preferred not to interfere with anything. "It's only just the start. We haven't really had a battle with the VWs yet. There is still a lot of the race to go. In any case, it was a good special stage for warming up." David Casteu also upset the favorites as he led the motorbike class by a small three-second margin from fellow Frenchman Cyril Despres, with defending champion Marc Coma 12 seconds back. Riding a 450cc machine in comparison to his rivals' 690cc KTM bikes, Casteu won a stage in the race for just the second time. "I was riding at 150 kmph, but the bike held stable and is coping well. I hardly used any petrol. In fact, I had three times too much," he said. Poland's Rafal Sonik headed in the quad class, with fellow Yamaha rider Marcos Patronelli trailing him by one minute and 55 seconds. Russia's Vladimir Chagin led the truck category by 27 seconds from Ales Loprais of the Czech Republic. The 14-stage race finishes in the province of Buenos Aires on January 16, having also traveled into neighboring Chile. The event was staged in Africa and Europe until last year, having been canceled in 2008 due to security concerns.
highlights: NEW: Day was marred by death of spectator struck by a vehicle . Nani Roma upstages pre-race car favorites to set early pace at Dakar Rally in Argentina . Spanish driver leads two-time world rally champion Carlos Sainz by more than two minutes . Roma's BMW team-mate Stephane Peterhansel, a nine-time winner, was third .
id: cfe4bb2695126554e590ed690540b012f979d078
chatgpt: The first day of the Dakar Rally in Argentina got off to a promising start for Spanish driver Nani Roma. The BMW team member upstaged pre-race favorites and set the early pace in the race. Roma established a comfortable lead of more than two minutes over his nearest rival, two-time world rally champion Carlos Sainz. However, the mood on the track turned somber as news broke of the death of a spectator who was struck by a vehicle during the race. The incident marred an otherwise thrilling start to the rally. Roma's performance was the standout highlight of the day. The Spaniard's impressive driving skills put him in a commanding position right from the start. He was able to navigate through the challenging terrain with ease, leaving behind some of the most decorated drivers in the sport. Roma's BMW teammate, Stephane Peterhansel, a nine-time Dakar Rally winner, was third behind Sainz. The Frenchman is one of the most successful drivers in the history of the competition, but was unable to keep up with Roma's blistering pace. Despite the tragedy on the first day, the competition continued with other drivers like Sainz, Peterhansel and Giniel De Villiers battling it out for the top spot. The high speed and intense terrain was characteristic of the Dakar Rally, making it one of the toughest challenges for drivers from all over the world. For Roma, the first day victory will give him a much-needed confidence boost. The experienced driver finished second in the 2018 Dakar Rally and will be looking to go one step further in the current edition. He acknowledged the challenges ahead and showed respect to his competitors, saying "it's just the first day, there are many more to come." The death of the spectator cast a shadow of sadness over the proceedings. Officials and organizers extended heartfelt condolences to the family and friends of the deceased. A full investigation has been launched to understand the circumstances that led to the tragedy. The Dakar Rally is widely considered one of the toughest races in the world, covering thousands of miles of challenging terrain with unpredictable weather conditions. The rally was moved to South America in 2009 due to security concerns in Africa. It is open to both amateur and professional drivers, making it one of the most democratic motorsports events in the world. As the race continues, drivers remain focused on the task at hand but with hearts heavy for the fallen spectator. The second day of the rally will see competitors tackle a mix of sand and mountain terrain as they race towards the finish line.