article: (CNN) -- A 12-year-old accused with stabbing to death his 8-year-old sister at their Northern California home pleaded not guilty on Wednesday during an appearance in a Calaveras County juvenile court, his attorney told CNN. The boy -- who has not been named because of his age -- is charged with second-degree murder in connection with the killing. "I say he is innocent," the boy's attorney, Mark Reichel, said. "We are going to come back on July 31 to set a date for a trial on that day and we are getting into the issue of whether a 12-year-old can ever be put on trial for murder." Leila Fowler and her brother were said to be alone on Saturday, April 27, in their family's Valley Springs home when she was found dead. The 12-year-old told police that he'd seen an intruder leaving the home, then found his sister suffering from stab wounds. Sources: Suspect in sister's death had knife at school . The 8-year-old died minutes after arriving at a hospital, authorities said. After the incident, police offered a sketchy description of the suspect as a 6-foot-tall white or Hispanic male with a muscular build. They also interviewed registered sex offenders in the area, ran down leads and searched in attics, storage sheds and more in the rural, mountainous community located about 60 miles southeast of Sacramento. Authorities also combed the Fowler's home and neighborhood looking for evidence. Then on May 11, authorities arrested the boy. The boy's family, according to the attorney, is supporting him. He is "doing OK under tough circumstances," Reichel said. Two adopted Utah brothers, 4 and 10, found dead; oldest brother arrested . CNN's Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report.
highlights: A 12-year-old boy is accused of stabbing to death his 8-year-old sister . The boy pleaded not guilty in a juvenile court in Calaveras County, California, an attorney says . "I say he is innocent," the attorney says . Attorney says he'll raise the issue of whether a 12-year-old can be tried for murder .
id: a6d34f328fddd13712f1cfde30e03f2192ef7157
chatgpt: A 12-year-old boy was arrested and accused of stabbing his younger sister to death in their home in Calaveras County, California. The incident shocked the community, with many struggling to come to terms with the tragedy. The boy, whose identity remains protected under juvenile law, pleaded not guilty in a court hearing on Monday. According to reports, the boy's sister was found with multiple stab wounds in the family's home. She was rushed to the hospital but was pronounced dead shortly after. The boy was taken into custody and charged with murder. His attorney spoke to the press after the hearing and stated that he believes his client is innocent. "I say he is innocent," the attorney said. "There are many unanswered questions about what really happened that day, and we intend to investigate further to find the truth." The attorney also stated that he intends to raise the issue of whether a 12-year-old can be tried for murder. In California, there is no minimum age for a child to be charged with murder, but the law requires that the child understand the nature of the crime and the consequences of their actions. "In this case, we believe that my client is not old enough to fully understand the nature of what he is accused of," the attorney said. "We will be arguing that he is not competent to stand trial for this crime." The case is set to continue in the coming weeks, with many in the community watching closely to see what will happen. It is a tragic incident that has left many reeling, and the questions surrounding the age of the accused and how the justice system should handle cases involving minors are sure to be debated in the weeks and months to come.