article: Many of us have been forced to tighten our belts in recent times. And it seems the squeeze has finally become too much even for David Cameron. Speculation that fresh cuts have been implemented in the prime ministerial wardrobe emerged after a tailor whose bespoke suits cost around £2,000 was photographed entering No10. Geoffrey Golding, 70, whose customers also include the Duke of York, had an 8am appointment and was seen entering with a tape measure around his neck and a suit bag draped over one arm. Scroll down for video . Mr Cameron announced he was on a post-Christmas diet sparking speculation that Mr Golding had been called in to alter the waistline of the PM'S suits . Later the same day Mr Cameron announced he had given up bread and snacks as part of ‘a great patriotic struggle’ to lose weight, prompting speculation that Mr Golding had been called in to alter the waistline of the Prime Minister’s suits. The tailor, the grandson of Russian Jewish immigrants who settled in the East End of London, opened his first shop in St Albans, Hertfordshire, at the age of 19 in 1963. His workshop was awarded the Queen’s Royal Warrant for services to the Royal Household in 2001. Prince Andrew has been a customer for two decades and Mr Golding has fitted diplomats, military officers and business leaders. His presence at No10 also sheds new light on Mr Cameron’s preferred outfitters. It was previously known that he wears suits from the Savile Row tailor Richard James, which can cost up to £3,500. In contrast, Ed Miliband reportedly favours ready-to-wear suits from British tailor Hackett, which cost around £600, while Nick Clegg sports suits from designer Paul Smith, with prices starting at £615. Tailor Geoffrey Goulding pictured outside Number 10 with a tape measure around his neck and a suit bag draped over one arm . Yesterday, Mr Golding was unavailable to comment about his visit to No10 on Tuesday. Later that day Mr Cameron told BBC Radio Sussex of his battle with the post-Christmas bulge. He said: ‘I’m trying hard. It is a great patriotic struggle. It is difficult when you’re on the road a lot. ‘My downfall is, when you get hungry in the middle of the day, having a snack. I think that’s the thing you’ve got to cut out, isn’t it. ‘I’m giving up bread. Bread’s off at the moment. Cut the carbs and go for a run. ‘It worked before, maybe it will work again, who knows.’
highlights: Tailor Geoffrey Golding, 70, photographed arriving at Number 10 . Awarded Queen's Royal Warrant for services to Royal Household . Later David Cameron announced he was on a pre-Christmas diet . Sparking speculation Golding had been called into alter PM's waistline .
id: 1da875acdd96d19e673bb7e58b6dfb1e203e0151
chatgpt: Tailor Geoffrey Golding, a 70-year-old London-based tailor, has been stirring up quite a buzz in recent days after he was seen arriving at Number 10 Downing Street. Photos of Golding entering the Prime Minister's official residence have become the talk of the town, as many speculate about the reason for his visit. Golding is no stranger to the world of high fashion, having earned an outstanding reputation for his bespoke clothing designs over several decades. He has had the honor of receiving the Queen's Royal Warrant for his services to the Royal Household. Throughout his career, he has dressed everyone from British royalty to Hollywood A-listers, including James Bond actors and other celebrities. However, it's not his previous accomplishments that have caught the public's attention. Rather, it's his recent appearance at Number 10 that's raised eyebrows, given Prime Minister David Cameron's announcement that he was on a pre-Christmas diet. Many are now speculating that Golding may have been called in to alter the Prime Minister's waistline. Although the Prime Minister's office has not yet released any statement as to what prompted Golding's visit, some have speculated that the tailor may have been called in to take the Prime Minister's measurements for a new wardrobe, or to tailor existing items to achieve a better fit. Golding himself has refrained from making any comments on the matter, preferring instead to maintain his low-key and professional image. He was seen exiting the Prime Minister's residence later in the day, his expression neutral and his demeanor businesslike. Meanwhile, social media has been buzzing with speculation about what exactly occurred during Golding's visit to Downing Street. Some have expressed disappointment that the Prime Minister would prioritize his waistline over other pressing issues facing the government, while others have taken to joking about the situation. At present, the reasons behind Golding's visit remain shrouded in mystery. But one thing is clear: his presence at Number 10 has sparked renewed interest in the art of bespoke tailoring and the important role it continues to play in British fashion. Golding's reputation as a master tailor is well-deserved, and his skill in creating bespoke clothing items has earned him a loyal following. Whether he was called in to tailor the Prime Minister's clothing or for other reasons, his services are sure to be in high demand for some time to come. As for the Prime Minister's dietary habits, that remains to be seen. But with Golding on hand to ensure a perfect fit, the Prime Minister can rest assured that he'll look elegant and stylish regardless of what he eats.