article: By . Associated  Press Reporter . LPGA Tour Commissioner Mike Whan weighed in Friday on Golf Digest's provocative cover featuring Paulina Gretzky. 'Obviously, we're disappointed and frustrated by the editorial direction (and timing) Golf Digest has chosen with the announcement of its most recent magazine cover,' Whan said in a statement at the Kraft Nabisco Championship, the tour's first major tournament of the year. 'If a magazine called Golf Digest is interested in showcasing females in the game, yet consistently steers away from the true superstars who've made history over the last few years, something is clearly wrong... 'Growing the game' means a need for more role models and in these exciting times for women's golf, the LPGA is overflowing with them.' Cover model: Paulina Gretzky on the cover (left) and standing near the 18th fairway during the . first round of the Tournament of Champions golf tournament, in Kapalua, . Hawaii (right) The cover photo shows Gretzky in skintight capris and a bra. Known for provocative pictures on her social media accounts, Gretzky is former hockey star Wayne Gretzky's daughter and PGA Tour player Dustin Johnson's fiancee. Former LPGA Tour star Lorena Ochoa in 2008 was the last female pro to appear on the magazine's cover. Golf Digest featured Golf Channel's Holly Sonders in May 2013 and model Kate Upton posed with Arnold Palmer for the December issue. 'It's frustrating for female golfers,' third-ranked Stacy Lewis said. 'It's kind of the state of where we've always been. We don't get respect for being the golfers that we are. Obviously, Golf Digest is trying to sell magazines. But at the same time you'd like to see a little respect for the women's game.' Jerry Tarde, Golf Digest's editor in chief, released a statement about the cover. 'Sports figures, celebrities and models have appeared on Golf Digest covers since the magazine's beginning,' Tarde said. 'Paulina ranks at the high end of the golf celebrity scene today, and she has a compelling story to tell. She also might get some new people interested in the game.' Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
highlights: Paulina Gretzky, daughter of hockey great Wayne Gretzky, is engaged to PGA star Justin Rose . The commissioner claims the 'LPGA is overflowing' for women who should be on the cover . Golfer Lorena Ochoa was the last female pro to appear on the cover all the way back in 2008 .
id: 6bfae4517fdf8c6cae8fb51667239d2b385c3cc6
chatgpt: Paulina Gretzky, the daughter of legendary hockey player Wayne Gretzky, is officially engaged to PGA star Justin Rose. The couple announced their engagement on social media, sharing a series of photos that showcase Gretzky's stunning engagement ring. While the pair have not yet revealed any details about their wedding plans, many fans are eagerly anticipating their nuptials. The news of the engagement comes at a time when the golf world is facing scrutiny over its representation of women. LPGA commissioner Michael Whan recently claimed that the league is "overflowing" with talented female golfers who deserve to be on the cover of major golf magazines. Yet, despite this abundance of talent, women are often relegated to secondary roles in golf media. One example of this is the lack of diversity on the covers of major golf publications. The last female pro to appear on the cover of Golf Digest, for example, was golfer Lorena Ochoa in 2008. In the years since, the magazine has featured more than 30 different male pros on its cover, yet no women. The lack of representation on the covers of golf magazines is just one example of the challenges that women face in the sport. Despite the fact that the LPGA boasts some of the best golfers in the world, women's golf still receives far less media coverage and sponsorship opportunities than men's golf. Yet, despite these challenges, women in golf continue to make a name for themselves on the green. Players like Inbee Park, Lydia Ko, and Lexi Thompson have consistently dominated the LPGA tour in recent years, while up-and-comers like Nasa Hataoka and Patty Tavatanakit are poised to become the next generation of greats. Whether or not Gretzky will one day grace the cover of Golf Digest or other major golf publications remains to be seen. Yet, regardless of her future media coverage, her engagement to Rose serves as a reminder that women are an integral part of the golf world, both on and off the green. With talented players like Gretzky and the other women of the LPGA on the rise, it is clear that the future of women's golf is bright.