article: There were fears on Wednesday that up to 100 children at a Surry Hills child care centre may have been exposed to tuberculosis after a worker tested positive. The identity of the centre has been reported in some circles as the Only About Children facility, authorities conceding the children were exposed to the adult on a regular basis. TB is an infectious airborne disease which can affect any part of the body, but most commonly the lungs. Not all families of the children have yet been tracked down. The Only About Children facility is reportedly the child care centre where the worker who allegedly tested positive to tuberculosis . 'The risk of tuberculosis infection having spread to staff and children is low and treatments for TB are highly effective,' NSW Health's communicable diseases expert Dr Vicky Sheppeard (pictured) said . 'The risk of tuberculosis infection having spread to staff and children is low and treatments for TB are highly effective,' NSW Health's communicable diseases expert Dr Vicky Sheppeard said. Up to 92 kids from 78 families and 15 staff will have to be screened after they were potentially exposed to tuberculosis from an infected worker at the centre. 'Unlike other bacterial infections, TB is not readily spread from child to child and any spread is usually only after prolonged exposure,' Dr Sheppeard added. A small number of infected persons may not show any signs of the disease, but general symptoms include fever, chills, night sweats, loss of appetite, weight loss and fatigue and in some cases, it can be fatal. Up to 92 kids from 78 families and 15 staff will have to be screened after they were potentially exposed to tuberculosis from an infected worker at the centre (stock shot) Those exposed to the disease will have a skin test, a chest X-ray and a medical review arranged. Specialist TB nurses will be stationed at the centre. 'TB usually affects the lungs,' Dr Sheppeard said. 'Typically, it is spread through the air by coughing from people who have active tuberculosis. Fortunately, treatment for tuberculosis is highly effective.' While the disease is common worldwide, it isn't in Australia, with only about 1200 cases diagnosed each year. Those exposed to the disease will have a skin test, a chest X-ray and a medical review arranged (stock shot)
highlights: Authorities search for 100 children, parents and staff who need to be tested for signs of tuberculosis . One employee showed symptoms and tested positive, sparking the mass screening . The worker has been admitted to hospital . 92 children are among those who must be screened for TB .
id: 1852169acf041547c11fcb1ea02bde53ce8b4e55
chatgpt: Authorities in (location) are currently searching for 100 children, parents, and staff who need to be tested for signs of tuberculosis. This comes after a single employee, who had been showing symptoms, tested positive for the disease. As a precautionary measure, everyone who has been in close contact with the worker is being screened for the condition. The employee in question has been admitted to the hospital for treatment, and there has been no news on their condition. The local health authority has been quick to reassure parents and staff that the situation is being managed carefully. The screening process is expected to take up to two weeks, during which time parents will be notified if their children need to be tested. So far, 92 children have been identified as needing screening. The school has been closed for the duration of the process. Tuberculosis (TB) is a contagious bacterial infection that usually attacks the lungs, although it can also affect other parts of the body. It is spread through airborne droplets, such as from coughs and sneezes. TB can be fatal if left untreated, but with early diagnosis and treatment, most people make a full recovery. The symptoms of TB can include a persistent cough, fever, and night sweats. It is important that anyone who experiences these symptoms seeks medical attention quickly. Although TB is not as common as it once was, it is still a serious health concern in many parts of the world. It is more prevalent in areas where there is poor sanitation and overcrowding. In (location), TB rates have been declining in recent years, but the local health authority is still taking this incident seriously. They have urged anyone who may have been in contact with the infected employee to come forward and be tested for TB. The screening process involves a skin test or a blood test. If the results are positive, further testing such as a chest x-ray may be necessary to confirm the diagnosis. Parents and staff have been advised to practice good hygiene, such as washing hands regularly and covering their mouths when sneezing or coughing. The local health authority has been working closely with the school and other relevant organizations to manage the situation as smoothly as possible. Although the incident has caused some concern, everyone involved is confident that the situation is under control and that the risk to the wider community is minimal.