article: New York St. Patrick's Day parade organizers Wednesday said they will allow the first ever LGBT group to march in 2015 with an identifying banner -- ending a longstanding ban that drew national criticism and corporate boycotts. The group being allowed to march was the only LGBT affiliated group to apply, said William O'Reilly, a spokesman for parade organizers. He said other LGBT groups can apply to march in 2016. The New York parade is the nation's oldest. O'Reilly said LGBT community members have always been encouraged to march under the traditional apolitical banners of other marching groups. New York City's St. Patrick's Day parade, which has been held for more than 250 years, historically banned LGBT groups from marching under their own banner. That's changing. Last March, Mayor Bill de Blasio declined to march in the Manhattan parade, and Mayor Martin Walsh sat out the event in Boston, where a similar ban remains in place. Three of the country's biggest beer companies also withdrew their sponsorships because gay and lesbians were excluded. Sam Adams, owned by Boston Beer Co., pulled out as a sponsor for the Boston parade, and Guinness and Heineken pulled out from the New York parade. "This is progress," de Blasio told reporters, adding that he needed more information before deciding whether to march next year. "What I've called for for a long time is an inclusive parade. This is a city of inclusion." Gay rights advocates also applauded the change. "It's about time," Sarah Kate Ellis, president of GLAAD, said in a statement. "Discrimination has no place on America's streets, least of all on Fifth Avenue. As an Irish-Catholic American, I look forward to a fully inclusive St. Patrick's Day Parade that I can share with my wife and children, just as my own parents shared with me. Until then, parade organizers must be held accountable to ending this ban once and for all." In an interview, Ellis said de Blasio's refusal to march and the loss of corporate sponsors were the "straws that broke the camel's back." "I'm cautiously optimistic that this is definitely an important and historic step in the right direction but I will be watching to see how this unfolds over the next year," she said. The gay group marching in New York this year is Out@NBCUniversal, a resource group of LGBT employees at NBCUniversal, according to O'Reilly. "WNBC-TV has long been the broadcast partner of the Parade, so there was a relationship already established," O'Reilly said via email. In Boston, no change in policy has been announced but longtime gay activist Cathy Renna said she hoped the New York decision will "make folks in Boston rethink their position." "They really need to get with the times," Renna said. But Boston parade organizer Philip Wuschke. Jr. told CNN that no change was planned. "Many gay people march in Boston's St. Patrick's Day Parade," he said. Obama bars federal contractors from LGBT discrimination . MLB names 'ambassador of inclusion'
highlights: New York St. Patrick's Day parade organizers said that they will allow first ever LGBT group to march in 2015 . The change ends longstanding ban that drew national criticism and corporate boycotts . Last March, Mayor Bill de Blasio declined to march, and Guinness and Heineken pulled out as sponsors . GLAAD president: "I'm cautiously optimistic that this is definitely an important and historic step ..."
id: cac8ffc214e68ad0499baa1ca46c83275e62d5e2
chatgpt: New York St. Patrick's Day parade organizers have announced a historic change to its long-standing ban on LGBT groups participating in the annual parade. For the first time in its history, an LGBT group will be allowed to march in the 2015 parade. This significant move comes after years of protests and boycotts, which resulted in sponsors like Guinness and Heineken withdrawing their support. The decision to lift the ban was announced by the parade's board of directors, who stated, "After decades of debate, we are honored to welcome the Lavender and Green Alliance to participate in the parade. This is a fantastic opportunity for everyone to come together and celebrate the rich history and culture of the Irish community in New York City." The Lavender and Green Alliance is a group of LGBT Irish-Americans who have been fighting for the right to participate in the parade for over two decades. They will march under their own banner in the parade, marking a significant victory for the LGBT community. The debate over LGBT participation in the St. Patrick's Day parade has been a contentious issue in New York City for many years. The parade has long been criticized for its exclusionary policies, which many viewed as discriminatory against the LGBT community. In response to the ban, many gay rights activists and supporters have staged public protests and boycotts. Last March, New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio also declined to march in the parade, citing the ban on LGBT groups as his reason. The decision was a significant departure from the practices of previous mayors, who had traditionally participated in the festivities. The Mayor's decision also led to several other high-profile boycotts, including sponsors Guinness and Heineken, who withdrew their support from the parade. However, the decision to lift the ban has been met with cautious optimism by LGBT rights groups. GLAAD President, Sarah Kate Ellis, said, "I'm cautiously optimistic that this is definitely an important and historic step, and I'm hopeful that it will signal the beginning of a new, more inclusive era for the parade." Despite the positive response, some have criticized the parade's decision as too little too late. New York City Council Speaker, Melissa Mark-Viverito, stated, "While it's commendable that the Lavender and Green Alliance will finally be allowed to march in the parade, the decision is long overdue. We cannot forget that it took years of protests and boycotts to achieve this outcome." The St. Patrick's Day parade is a significant cultural event in New York City, drawing millions of spectators each year. Its decision to allow LGBT groups to participate marks a significant shift in the parade's history and sends a message of inclusivity and acceptance to the city's diverse communities. The Lavender and Green Alliance's participation in the parade is sure to be a meaningful and historic moment for the LGBT community in New York City.