article: Gerard Pique says Barcelona duo Lionel Messi and Neymar 'are as good as ever'. Messi assisted both goals as Neymar scored twice in Barcelona's 2-0 win over Athletic Bilbao on Saturday. And Pique has praised the connection between his two two superstar team-mates ahead of the club's Champions League clash with Apoel Nicosia on Wednesday. Gerard Pique (right) has been full of praise for his team-mates Lionel Messi (centre) and Neymar (left) Neymar, pictured training on Tuesday, scored twice in Barcelona's 2-0 win over Athletic Bilbao on Saturday . Lionel Messi was all smiles as Barcelona trained on Tuesday as they prepared to face Apoel Nicosia . He said: 'Messi and Neymar are as good as ever. This season, they both have a lot of quality and when they connect it's amazing,' the Spain defender said at a press conference. 'They are two of the best in the world and they play together.' Pique, however, said Barcelona could not be expected to win the Champions League every season. The club last lifted the trophy in 2011 and last season crashed out in the quarter-final stage after losing to Atletico Madrid. 'If we had to win the Champions League every couple of seasons, that would be a very tough task,' the defender said. 'We have a very good generation which we have to make the most of. We have won lots of titles and we expect to win a lot more but that doesn't mean we think we can win the Champions League all the time.' Barcelona manager Luis Enrique looked relaxed as he casually watched his players train . Luis Suarez trained with his Barcelona team-mates but is still banned from playing competitive football . Gerard Pique (centre) seemed in high spirits as he warmed-up with his Barcelona team-mates . Barcelona right back Dani Alves showed off his fancy footwork during training on Tuesday . Lionel Messi (right) and Neymar have been in fine form for Barcelona this season . In La Liga, Barcelona are flying - with three wins in as many games - and have already opened up a six-point game over rivals Real Madrid. But Pique is urging caution and says Real must not be written off yet. He added: 'We have started with nine points in the league but that doesn't mean the league will be easy or a done deal. 'It'll be a tough competition until the very end so I don't think Madrid will be far behind us.'
highlights: Barcelona are preparing to face Apoel Nicosia in the Champions League . Pique says superstar pair are 'two of the best players in the world' Pique says Barca can't be expected to be European champions every year . Barcelona last won the Champions League in 2011 .
id: 216cf9c9faff2f91f49e0af7be15a7e8561bf6da
chatgpt: Barcelona is poised to take on Apoel Nicosia at the Champions League, with defender Gerard Pique praising his teammate's incredible skill level. Ahead of the match, Pique reflected on the team's past success and emphasized the challenges they face in securing another title. Speaking to reporters, Pique lauded Lionel Messi and Neymar Jr's talent, calling them "two of the best players in the world." Both players are expected to play a crucial role in the upcoming fixture, bringing their unique sets of skills and experience to the pitch. Despite the superstar pair's talent, Pique was pragmatic about the team's chances of winning the Champions League this year. "We can't be expected to be European champions every year," he said. "We have to work every day to improve, but we know that we're capable of winning." Barcelona's last win in the Champions League dates back to 2011 when they defeated Manchester United 3-1. Since then, they have reached the final three times but lost each time, including most recently in 2019 to Liverpool. This year, Barcelona has a formidable lineup, combining the star power of Messi and Neymar with the talents of young players like Frenkie de Jong and Ansu Fati. With years of collective experience, the team is well-equipped to face any challenge that comes their way. But their upcoming match against Apoel Nicosia is not one to be taken lightly. The Cypriot team may not have the same level of talent as Barcelona, but they have a history of putting up a fight against top-tier teams. In 2014, they made it to the quarter-finals of the Champions League, showing that they have what it takes to compete at the highest level. For Barcelona, the key to victory will be staying focused and not underestimating their opponents. With their wealth of experience and incredible talent, the team has the potential to make a serious run at the Champions League this year. But as Pique emphasized, they will need to work hard and take it one game at a time if they want to come out on top. Fans around the world will be watching as Barcelona takes on Apoel Nicosia, eager to see if the team can clinch another victory on the path to glory in the Champions League.