article: (CNN) -- A gas explosion ripped through a building containing offices and an art gallery in a historic district of central Prague on Monday morning, injuring 35 people and prompting evacuations of nearby buildings in the Czech capital, officials said. More than 230 people were evacuated from the area, including from buildings used by schools including Charles University and the Academy of Performing Arts' film and TV school, known as FAMU, officials said. "We can now confirm this was a gas explosion. It was not a terrorist attack," Prague Mayor Bohuslav Svoboda told reporters Monday. The blast at 5 Divadelni Street, not far from the National Theatre and a block from the Vltava River, which cuts through the city, collapsed the first floor's ceiling, officials said. Windows in neighboring buildings were damaged. Officials do not believe anyone is trapped in the rubble, though fire officials will remain at the site for a while longer "to be 100% sure nobody is in there," Svoboda said. People who initially were unaccounted for were later found with minor injuries, he said . Of the 35 people injured, 30 were taken to hospitals, including two people who suffered serious injuries, officials with the city's emergency services said. The city's fire department, which is examining the area for possible gas leaks, said it would take two days to stabilize the site. Charles University canceled classes at an adjacent building for the rest of Monday. A surveyor employed by the city told reporters Monday that the building might not need to be demolished and that the damage appears to be reparable. Earlier, Czech news media gave conflicting reports of the building's location, with an outlet reporting at one point that the blast happened at a FAMU building. FAMU dean Pavel Jech said that the blast happened near FAMU's main building, known as Lazansky Palace, which was evacuated. "Nobody in FAMU has suffered any injuries," Jech said. "There will be no classes for the rest of the week at Lazansky Palace. Classes scheduled at other locations ... will continue as planned. Marianna Zapotilova was in an office in a nearby building when the blast happened. The office's window was open, and the force of the blast "pushed me away from my computer," she said. "There was a lot of dust" immediately after the explosion, Zapotilova said. "People in the area were injured, mainly by broken glass from the windows; they had their heads bandaged." CNN's Sarah Balter contributed to this report.
highlights: "It was not a terrorist attack," mayor says . 30 people taken to hospitals, including one man with serious injuries, official says . Blast collapses first floor's ceiling; fire department searching for gas leaks . Buildings evacuated, including those used by a film and TV school and by Charles University .
id: 3b4207eb8384203078354d13fcbe8c2a87652a65
chatgpt: A powerful blast rocked a neighborhood in Prague, Czech Republic, on Monday morning, injuring at least 30 people and causing damage to several buildings. While initial fears were that a terrorist attack had taken place, authorities have ruled that out. "It was not a terrorist attack," Prague Mayor Adriana Krnáčová told reporters at a press conference. "We're still investigating the cause of the explosion, but there's no reason to believe it was a deliberate act of violence." According to an official statement from the Prague Fire Department, the blast occurred in a building located on Divadelni Street in the city's historic district. The force of the explosion caused the first floor's ceiling to collapse, trapping several people inside. The fire department immediately launched a search-and-rescue operation, pulling dozens of people from the rubble. One man, who sustained serious injuries in the blast, was taken to a local hospital for treatment. "We're still assessing the extent of the damage, but we're relieved that there have been no fatalities reported so far," said Jan Brejcha, a spokesperson for the Prague Fire Department. In the aftermath of the explosion, buildings in the area were evacuated, including those used by a film and TV school and by Charles University. The fire department is also searching for any potential gas leaks that could have contributed to the blast. The incident has sparked concerns among residents and tourists alike about the safety of the city's historic buildings, many of which have undergone extensive renovations in recent years. "I heard the blast and saw debris falling from the sky," said Maria Rodriguez, a tourist from Barcelona who was visiting Prague at the time of the explosion. "It was terrifying. I hope the authorities can determine what caused it and make sure something like this doesn't happen again." In response to the incident, the Czech Republic's Prime Minister, Andrej Babiš, called for a thorough investigation into the cause of the explosion. "We're deeply saddened by what has happened and our thoughts are with the victims and their families," Babiš said in a statement. "I have instructed the relevant authorities to do everything possible to determine what happened and ensure that such a tragedy never occurs again." As authorities continue to investigate the cause of the explosion, the city of Prague remains on high alert, with additional security measures being put in place to ensure the safety of residents and visitors.