article: Neil Warnock says Crystal Palace loanee Wilfried Zaha only struggled at Manchester United because the club don't give enough time to youngsters. Zaha made just two Premier League appearances for United following a £15m move from Palace, but has now returned to South London. And Warnock has criticised United's mishandling of their young players, despite Louis van Gaal's insistence that he will give them a chance. You can like our Manchester United Facebook page here . VIDEOS Scroll down to watch... Neil Warnock says Wilfried Zaha was mishandled by Manchester United and is happy to have him back . Zaha has returned to Crystal Palace after making just two Premier League outings with United last season . 'Wilfried has something to prove,' he told the Evening Standard. 'It will make such a difference that the fans are behind him. At Man United they don't seem to have time for the youngsters but he won't find that a problem here. The comments from the new Eagles boss contradict those of Van Gaal, who was speaking at a press conference on Thursday addressing the sale of Mancunian Danny Welbeck to Arsenal. He said: 'I am always willing to give players chances but they have to take them. I can't do that for them. The possibility is there and all the youngsters have to know that. Manchester United have come to me because of that. 'When you don't let go of players to other clubs then you never allow to give youth players a chance. Because of this policy, we will give youth players a chance. Louis van Gaal has insisted that Manchester United will give young players a chance despite big signings . Crystal Palace were busy in the last few days of the transfer window, securing the sevices of James McArthur, Zeki Fryers, as well as Zaha and Andy Johnson. Johnson is another player set to make an emotional comeback, having impressed in red and blue 10 years ago. But despite the relationship between the fans and the players, Warnock insists he brought the duo back for purely professional reasons. Andy Johnson has also returned to Crystal Palace on a free transfer from QPR . Wilfried Zaha scored a late equaliser as Palace snatched a 3-3 draw against Newcastle at St James' Park . 'They (Zaha and Johnson) have Palace in their hearts and the fans will relate to them. It wasn't a case of panicking. 'It is one of the reasons why I brought Andy back to the club, not just for playing but pushing people to get into the first team. I asked him if he would do a bit of coaching with the strikers and he's enjoying it. 'We have Fraizer Campbell, Dwight Gayle and Zaha and they're all young lads with a lot to learn. He is the ideal person to teach them a few things.' Zaha netted on his second debut for Palace, a late equaliser against Newcastle at St James' Park. VIDEO Youth policy not dead at United - Neville .
highlights: Neil Warnock criticises Man United for their mishandling of Wilfried Zaha . New Crystal Palace boss claims club don't have time for young players . Zaha rejoined Palace on a season-long loan . Louis van Gaal says United WILL give youngsters a chance this season . Warnock says he brought Zaha and Andy Johnson back professionally .
id: 22be9481fce0db5e6429477b61fe66ed76ffde1c
chatgpt: Neil Warnock, the newly appointed manager of Crystal Palace, has criticised Manchester United for their mishandling of Wilfried Zaha, who rejoined Palace on a season-long loan earlier this summer. He also claimed that his new club does not have time for young players, a statement which directly contradicts the promises made by Louis van Gaal, the United manager, that young players will be given a chance to shine this season. Warnock, who has a history of being open and forthright with his opinions, did not hold back in his criticism of United's handling of Zaha. "I think he was just messed around," he said, "and eventually he was so disillusioned that he had to leave the club. It's a shame, because he's a very talented player who could have become a star at United if he had been given a proper chance." Zaha, who was signed by United in 2013, has struggled to make an impact during his time at Old Trafford, making just four first-team appearances before being sent out on loan to Cardiff City last season. Warnock, who also brought Andy Johnson back to Palace, believes that United failed to recognise Zaha's potential and did not give him the guidance he needed to succeed. Warnock's comments are particularly interesting given his stance on young players at his new club. Speaking at his first press conference as Palace manager, he claimed that he has no time for young players and that he is only interested in bringing in experienced professionals who can get results. While this approach may be surprising to some, it is worth noting that Warnock has always been a manager who values experience over youth. During his previous spell at Palace, he built a team that was packed with seasoned professionals, many of whom were well into their thirties. Louis van Gaal, however, has taken a different approach to team-building at United. The Dutchman has made it clear that he intends to develop a squad that is based on youth and energy, rather than experience and caution. In recent pre-season games, he has given a number of young players the chance to impress, including Tyler Blackett, Reece James and Andreas Perreira. Van Gaal has claimed that he will continue to give young players a chance this season, despite Warnock's comments. "We have a lot of talented young players in the squad," he said, "and I intend to give them all the opportunity to develop and show what they can do." It remains to be seen whether Warnock's preference for experience or Van Gaal's faith in youth will prove to be the more successful approach, but one thing is clear: Zaha will be hoping that his loan spell at Palace will give him the chance to prove United wrong and show what he is capable of on the Premier League stage.