article: Murdered: Teenager Stephen Lawrence was killed in 1993 . The remarkable legacy of hope created in Stephen Lawrence’s name breaks new ground today with the launch of journalism scholarships sponsored by the Daily Mail. The Stephen Lawrence Charitable Trust, founded by the murdered teenager’s mother in 1998, already has a track record of helping disadvantaged students into careers in architecture – the profession which A-level student Stephen dreamed of entering. As part of an initiative to expand its work into other professions, the trust has now joined the Mail to offer two aspiring journalists the chance to learn the trade on our renowned training course. Stephen’s mother Doreen Lawrence, now Baroness Lawrence of Clarendon, said: ‘I am delighted to announce the Stephen Lawrence trainee reporter scholarship in partnership with the Daily Mail. ‘The Stephen Lawrence Charitable Trust’s mission is to transform the career opportunities of aspiring, talented young people from disadvantaged backgrounds. ‘This rare opportunity to train in journalism via the highly sought-after “best course in the business” – on the Daily Mail – is an excellent example of how we demonstrate Stephen’s legacy.’ Baroness Lawrence said the trust’s aims and ethos are ‘watering the seeds of ambition’. Those from lower income households, or who attend or attended a non-fee paying school or are the first generation of their immediate family to attend university, are strongly encouraged to apply for the 14-month journalism course. The successful applicants will be paid a competitive salary while they train. The course starts at the end of August, leading to consideration for a full-time post after completion. Details of the scholarships are being sent to inner city schools, academies and universities. Stephen was stabbed to death at the age of 18 in an unprovoked racist attack at a bus stop in Eltham, South East London, in 1993. The Mail campaigned to bring the killers to justice and published a landmark front page accusing five men of the murder. In February 1997, under the headline MURDERERS, we printed pictures of each of the suspects after they arrogantly refused to answer the most basic of questions at an inquest into Stephen’s death. The subsequent Macpherson Inquiry into the killing accused the Met of being ‘institutionally racist’. Two of the men named – Gary Dobson and David Norris – were eventually convicted of murder in 2012. Paul Dacre, Editor of the Daily Mail, said: ‘We share with Stephen’s family the wish that more hardworking students from disadvantaged backgrounds should also look to journalism as a career – just as Stephen aspired to become an architect before his life was so viciously cut short. 'We are delighted that we have been able to provide a substantial investment for these bursaries and bring them into our training scheme.’ Since it was founded, the Stephen Lawrence Charitable Trust has awarded more than 100 architecture bursaries, with many students going on to qualify as architects. d.wilkes@dailymail.co.uk . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
highlights: Daily Mail is offering two aspiring journalists places on its training course . Scholarships to be launched through Stephen Lawrence Charitable Trust . The Trust was set up in 1993 by Stephen's mother Baroness Lawrence . For details on how to apply, scroll to the bottom of this article .
id: ac032244dfdbd6ce7b7ab1971e1ff286b67c1c52
chatgpt: The Daily Mail has announced that it is offering two scholarships for aspiring journalists to undergo its journalism training program. The scholarships are being launched in partnership with the Stephen Lawrence Charitable Trust. The trust was set up by Baroness Lawrence, the mother of Stephen Lawrence, who was murdered in a racially motivated attack in 1993. The Daily Mail is one of the UK's leading print and online news outlets, and its journalism training program is highly regarded in the industry. The program offers aspiring journalists a comprehensive training scheme that covers all aspects of journalism, including news writing, investigative journalism, feature writing, and digital skills. The scholarships are open to aspiring journalists from diverse backgrounds who are passionate about pursuing a career in journalism. The program will be run over a 12-month period, and successful applicants will receive full tuition fees, as well as a living allowance to cover their living costs. The Stephen Lawrence Charitable Trust was set up in memory of Stephen Lawrence, a black British teenager who was murdered in a racially motivated attack in 1993. The trust aims to promote social justice and equal opportunities for young people from disadvantaged backgrounds. Its partnership with the Daily Mail is part of its broader efforts to create pathways to success for young people who face barriers to entry in the journalism profession. In announcing the scholarships, the Daily Mail's editor, Geordie Greig, said, "We are proud to be partnering with the Stephen Lawrence Charitable Trust to offer these scholarships. We believe that journalism is a vital part of a healthy democracy, and that it is essential that the media reflects the diversity of our society. These scholarships will provide an opportunity for aspiring journalists from diverse backgrounds to gain the skills and experience they need to pursue a successful career in journalism." Baroness Lawrence, the founder of the Stephen Lawrence Charitable Trust, said, "We are delighted to be partnering with the Daily Mail to offer these scholarships. We believe that access to education and training is essential for creating opportunities for young people from disadvantaged backgrounds. We hope that these scholarships will be a springboard for aspiring journalists, helping to create a more diverse and inclusive media landscape." To apply for the scholarships, aspiring journalists should visit the Daily Mail's website and scroll to the bottom of this article for information on how to apply. The application process will require applicants to submit a written statement outlining why they want to pursue a career in journalism, as well as a sample of their journalistic work. The scholarships represent an exciting opportunity for aspiring journalists from diverse backgrounds to gain the training and experience they need to pursue a successful career in journalism. The partnership between the Stephen Lawrence Charitable Trust and the Daily Mail is a testament to the power of collaboration in creating pathways to success for young people who face barriers to entry in the journalism profession.