article: By . Emma Innes . David Davies MP has accused the Welsh NHS of giving out Viagra 'like sweets' NHS doctors are wasting thousands of pounds by prescribing Viagra to patients who do not need it, an MP has warned. Patients with diabetes claim they are being given the drug even if they don't have erectile dysfunction. Tory MP David Davies accused the Welsh NHS of wasting public money by giving out Viagra ‘like sweets’. But the Welsh Government has hit back at the conservative politician claiming this is not true. Mr Davies said: ‘I am fully in favour of prescribing it to people with conditions like diabetes if they have a problem. ‘But I am not in favour of handing out Viagra to patients who do not need it. ‘Not everyone with diabetes has erectile dysfunction and handing out Viagra tablets like sweets is no more than a waste of public money.’ Mr Davies, MP for Monmouth, South Wales, claims a diabetic man wrote to him to say he was given Viagra even though he has no problems with erectile dysfunction. The patient claimed he was told it is NHS Wales guidance to issue the drug to all diabetics - even though erectile dysfunction affects only 20 to 40 per cent of people with the condition. Mr Davies added: ‘A resident of Wales who is not a constituent of mine contacted me to tell me that he had been prescribed Viagra because he is a diabetic. ‘He told me he does not suffer from erectile dysfunction, but decided to take up the GP's offer to prescribe Viagra, which is an expensive drug to buy over the counter, to find out what it was like. ‘It seems that in Wales you can have free prescriptions, free parking in hospital car parks and free Viagra, but you'll have to wait twice as long for an operation as someone in England.’ Mr Davies is calling for a change from a regionalised health service to a fully national one. He wants the Welsh NHS - recently hit by a series of scandals over hospital waiting times - to have its powers returned to the government. Mr Davies says diabetes patients in Wales are being given Viagra even if they do not have erectile dysfunction . A Welsh Government source said: ‘This is another cock and bull story from David Davies. ‘What he's saying is simply not true.’ Sexual dysfunction is more common in people with diabetes than in other people because the condition can cause damage to the blood vessels and the nervous system causing reduced blood flow and loss of sensation in the sexual organs. Other problems associated with diabetes - such as heart disease and depression - can also increase the chance of developing erectile dysfunction.
highlights: MP accused the Welsh NHS of wasting money giving out drug 'like sweets' David Davies says diabetes patients are being given Viagra even if they don't have erectile dysfunction - the health service denies this .
id: c8684b2e0a3f6d557ea677f0a0b31630a6b0cce2
chatgpt: Conservative MP, David Davies, has accused the Welsh NHS of "wasting money" by giving out drugs "like sweets". He claims that patients with diabetes are being prescribed Viagra, even if they do not have erectile dysfunction. Davies, who is the MP for Monmouth, made these claims at a House of Commons debate on health in Wales, during which he criticised the Welsh Assembly Government for its handling of the NHS. According to Mr Davies, some healthcare professionals are prescribing Viagra to anyone with diabetes, regardless of whether they actually need it. He argues that this is a waste of NHS resources and that the money spent on these prescriptions could be better used elsewhere. The MP also highlighted an increase in the number of obesity-related health conditions in Wales, particularly type 2 diabetes. He said that this could be addressed through education and lifestyle changes, rather than simply prescribing medication. However, the Welsh NHS has denied the allegations made by Mr Davies. A spokesperson for the health service said that Viagra is only prescribed for erectile dysfunction, and that it is not routinely prescribed to patients with diabetes who do not require it. The spokesperson also emphasised the importance of individualised care for diabetes patients. They said: "Diabetes is a complex condition, and treatment and care must be tailored to each individual patient. This includes the use of medication, where appropriate, to manage the condition and any associated complications." The debate comes at a time when the Welsh NHS is facing increasing pressure from rising demand and limited resources. The health service is under scrutiny for its slow response to cancer diagnoses, long waiting times for operations, and a shortage of staff. The Welsh Assembly Government has pledged to increase investment in the NHS, but critics argue that more needs to be done to address the underlying issues facing the service. Responding to Mr Davies' claims, the Welsh Health Minister, Vaughan Gething, defended the NHS and its staff. He said: "Our NHS is staffed by some of the most dedicated and compassionate people you will ever meet. They work hard every day to provide the best possible care to patients, often in very challenging circumstances." Gething also announced a new package of measures designed to improve diabetes care in Wales, including increased support for patients and their families, greater emphasis on prevention and early intervention, and improved access to specialist services. Despite these efforts, the debate surrounding the use of Viagra in diabetes patients is likely to continue. Some argue that prescribing the drug in these cases is justified, while others believe that it represents a waste of valuable NHS resources. Ultimately, it is up to healthcare professionals to assess the needs of each individual patient and provide appropriate care and treatment.