article: A former White House lawyer in both Bush administrations was convicted Friday of attempted murder and other charges in the beating of his wife at their Connecticut home four years ago. John Michael Farren, 61, who also was once general counsel for Xerox Corp., was allowed to sit out his trial after he said he wouldn't be able to handle the stress of it. But he was in the courtroom Friday when the jury returned guilty verdicts on charges of attempted murder, first-degree assault and risk of injury to a child. Prosecutors allege Farren choked Mary Margaret Farren and beat her with a metal flashlight until she lost consciousness at their multimillion dollar home in New Canaan in January 2010. Guilty: John Michael Farren, former White House lawyer in both Bush administrations ,was convicted Friday, July 11, 2014, of attempted murder and other charges in the beating of his wife at their Connecticut home four years ago. He is seen here in court in 2010 . Mary Margaret Farren says her husband tackled her to the ground and told her he was going to kill her, before beating her with a flashlight . Mary Margaret Farren cried on the stand as she described the moments her husband tried to kill her . She managed to flee the house with her two young daughters. The attack occurred two days after she served him with divorce papers, authorities say. Farren disputed the seriousness of the charges. He also tried to use a mental health defense, but a judge didn't allow it. He faces up to 50 years in prison at his sentencing, set for Sept. 11. The verdicts came on the second day of jury deliberations and followed three days of testimony in Stamford Superior Court this week. Mary Margaret Farren, who suffered broken bones in her jaw and cheek and other injuries from the attack, testified Monday, News 12 Connecticut reported. 'He was on top of me and he was squeezing my neck, strangling me, and slamming my head ... into the floor,' she said. 'He said, ''I'm killing you''.' John Michael Farren is an American attorney[1][2] who served as Deputy White House Counsel in the Office of Counsel to the President under the 43rd President of the United States George W. Bush from 2007 to 2009 . Mary Margaret Farren managed to escape, get her two daughters into the car and drive to a neighbors home in New Canaan, Connecticut . Brave: Mary Margaret Farren testified against her husband . In a civil lawsuit, she won a $28.6 million judgment against her ex-husband for her injuries. Farren was general counsel at Xerox in 2007 when he was named deputy White House counsel during George W. Bush's second term. He served as undersecretary for international trade in the Commerce Department under Bush's father, President George H.W. Bush. He also was deputy manager for the elder Bush's 1992 re-election campaign and deputy director for his transition team in 1989.
highlights: John Michael Farren, 61, choked and beat his wife Mary Margaret Farren with a metal flashlight in January 2010 . Attack occurred in their multimillion dollar home in New Canaan, Connecticut . She was able to escape and get help from neighbors . Testified her husband said: 'I'm killing you.' A mental health defense was denied by the judge . He was found guilty Friday and faces 50 years prison .
id: e8e2f1aa911276ffccc8e8fe72a4b0560b23eca6
chatgpt: Former White House aide John Michael Farren, 61, has been found guilty of attempted murder for assaulting his wife, Mary Margaret Farren, with a metal flashlight in 2010. The attack reportedly occurred in their multimillion-dollar home in New Canaan, Connecticut. According to reports, Farren choked and beat his wife with a metal flashlight. Mary Margaret Farren was able to escape and get help from her neighbors. She later testified in court, stating that her husband had said to her during the attack, “I’m killing you.” Mary Margaret Farren suffered severe injuries, including a broken jaw, and required hospitalization after the attack. She has since recovered from her physical injuries. Farren denied the allegations against him and attempted to plead not guilty by reason of mental illness. However, the judge denied his mental health defense, finding that he was of sound mind at the time of the attack. The trial lasted months, and there were several key moments during the proceedings. During the trial, Mary Margaret Farren gave emotional testimony about the night of the attack. She spoke about how she had pleaded with her husband to stop, only to be met with further violence.  In addition to Mary Margaret’s testimony, there were two experts who testified regarding Farren’s mental state. One expert testified that Farren suffered from depression and post-traumatic stress disorder, and that these conditions may have contributed to the attack. However, the second expert testified that Farren was not suffering from any mental illness at the time of the attack. Ultimately, the jury found Farren guilty of attempted murder, and he now faces up to 50 years in prison. The verdict brought relief to Mary Margaret Farren and her family, who have been dealing with the aftermath of the attack for over a decade. In a statement released after the verdict, the family expressed their gratitude to the prosecutors and law enforcement officials who worked on the case. The case received widespread attention, in part due to Farren’s background. Before the attack, he had worked as a lawyer for George W. Bush’s White House counsel and served in high-ranking roles at several Fortune 500 companies. The attack was seen as a shocking fall from grace for a man whose career had been marked by high achievements. The case also raised questions about the ways in which powerful men can use their positions to exert control over their wives. In the aftermath of the attack, Mary Margaret Farren became an advocate for victims of domestic violence, using her experience to raise awareness about the issue. The verdict is likely to have a significant impact in Connecticut and beyond, as it underscores the seriousness of domestic violence and sends a message that those who commit such crimes will be held accountable. The case is also likely to prompt further conversations about the ways in which powerful men can abuse their positions of authority. As for Farren, his future is now uncertain. He faces a long prison sentence and may never be able to return to his previous life of privilege and power. The case serves as a stark reminder of the consequences of domestic violence and the importance of supporting victims in their quest for justice.