article: NEW YORK (CNN) -- Two former New York Police Department detectives were sentenced to life in prison without parole Friday for operating as Mafia hit men while employed by the NYPD. Louis Eppolito, 60, and Stephen Caracappa, 67, who spent a combined 44 years on the force and once worked as partners, were found guilty in April 2006 of engaging in racketeering. According to prosecutors, they were paid $4,000 a month by the Mafia and were personally paid $65,000 by Luchese crime family underboss Anthony "Gaspipe" Casso for killing another mobster during a phony traffic stop. Authorities said Casso regarded the officers as his "crystal ball," likely referring to their alleged involvement in relaying classified information to the Luchese family. Eppolito and Caracappa, who reiterated their innocence at Friday's sentencing, were found guilty of participating in or aiding eight murders, two attempted murders and one murder conspiracy, as well as witness tampering, witness retaliation, obstruction of justice, money laundering and drug charges. Eppolito was sentenced to life in prison plus 100 years, while Caracappa received life in prison plus 80 years. They were also fined a combined $4 million. "The sentences imposed today bring some measure of closure for the families of the victims of these defendants' unspeakable crimes and for the citizens of the city whose trust these men betrayed," U.S. Attorney Benton J. Campbell said in a news release. "We are gratified that the defendants will spend the rest of their lives behind bars." Eppolito, who grew up in a Mafia family, wrote the book "Mafia Cop," in which he described how he turned away from the "family business" to become what he said was one of the police department's most decorated officers. He also had small roles in several films, including the role of Fat Andy in the 1990 mob film "Goodfellas." Caracappa was a member of the NYPD's Organized Crime Homicide Unit, which he helped create.
highlights: Louis Eppolito, 60, was sentenced to life in prison plus 100 years . Stephen Caracappa, 67, received life in prison plus 80 years . Prosecutors: Men killed mobster during a phony traffic stop; were paid monthly . Authorities say Mafia viewed them as "crystal ball" of classified information .
id: 01aef964c6596282d390614ba0a44c637e9c420d
chatgpt: Former New York City police detectives Louis Eppolito and Stephen Caracappa have been sentenced to life in prison for their role in the murder of a notorious mobster. Eppolito, 60, received a sentence of life in prison plus 100 years, while Caracappa, 67, received life in prison plus 80 years.  The two men were convicted in April of orchestrating the murder of Gambino crime family underboss, Eddie Lino, in 1992. Prosecutors claimed that Eppolito and Caracappa staged a phony traffic stop to pull Lino over, and then shot him in the head before dumping his body in a parking lot.  According to authorities, Eppolito and Caracappa were on the payroll of the Mafia, and were paid a monthly fee to serve as "crystal ball" informants to the criminal organization. The detectives reportedly provided the Mafia with classified information about police investigations and other sensitive matters.  During their trial, Eppolito and Caracappa denied any involvement in the murder of Lino, and claimed that they were framed by the government in order to cover up a scandal involving the FBI. However, the jury was not convinced, and the former detectives were found guilty of multiple charges, including racketeering and murder conspiracy.  The sentencing of Eppolito and Caracappa marks the end of a long and sordid saga involving corruption within the New York City Police Department. Both men had previously been convicted of other crimes, including drug trafficking and bribery.  In a statement to the press, U.S. Attorney Loretta Lynch praised the verdict, saying that the sentencing of Eppolito and Caracappa should serve as a warning to other law enforcement officials who might be tempted to betray the public trust. "These two men were supposed to serve and protect the citizens of New York," Lynch said. "Instead, they chose to use their positions to enrich themselves and aid organized crime. They are now paying the price for their crimes."  Meanwhile, the families of Eddie Lino and other victims of organized crime have expressed satisfaction with the verdict, saying that justice has finally been served. "We can finally put this terrible chapter behind us," said Lino's widow. "No one is above the law, not even police detectives."