article: The CPS has withdrawn the allegation that Mr Morrison (pictured) harassed his former girlfriend . Former Manchester United and England Under 21 footballer Ravel Morrison has been cleared of threatening to throw acid in the face of his ex-girlfriend and have her killed. He was accused of making the threats against Reah Mansoor, 19, as part of a campaign of harassment that it was alleged lasted from January 2010 to July this year. The talented footballer was also accused of threatening to blow up Miss Mansoor's house. But the Crown Prosecution Service has now formally withdrawn the allegation, and a verdict of not guilty was formally recorded today during a hearing at Manchester Crown Court which the footballer attended. The West Ham United player, 21, who is currently on loan at Cardiff City, will still stand trial on the remaining charges of assault against Miss Mansoor and her mother, Parveen Mansoor. Mr Morrison, who is originally from Manchester, pleaded not guilty to two counts of assault by beating and one of assault causing actual bodily harm on 24 July. He was arrested in the early hours of July 27 following reports that Miss Mansoor had been assaulted outside a Manchester nightclub and at an address in Salford. Her 39-year-old mother also claimed she had been attacked. The former Manchester United player denied the harassment charge at a preliminary hearing held in August. The midfielder was bailed on condition he lives at an address in Cardiff and does not contact his ex-girlfriend and Ms Mansoor, 39. He cannot enter the Greater Manchester area unless he has a court appearance or when he plays in his professional capacity. The England U21 player, pictured with his mother Sharon Ryan, will still stand trial on January 26 for three remaining charges of assault against Reah Mansoor and her mother, Parveen Mansoor . The talented footballer was accused of harassing Miss Mansoor, 19, over four years but the Crown Prosecution Service withdrew the allegation at Manchester Crown Court today . The midfielder, who is currently on loan at Cardiff City (pictured in a match against Millwall) was described by Sir Alex Ferguson as the most talented 14-year-old he had ever seen . Mr Morrison played for Manchester United as a youth player and was regarded by Sir Alex Ferguson as the most talented 14-year-old he had ever seen. But a raft of off-field behavioural problems led Ferguson to sell him to West Ham for £650,000 in January 2012. West Ham manager Sam Allardyce later loaned him to Birmingham and Queens Park Rangers. Mr Morrison, who has four England Under-21 caps, is currently playing for Championship club Cardiff City on a three-month loan deal. Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
highlights: He was alleged to have threatened to kill ex-girlfriend and throw acid at her . But the Crown Prosecution Service formally withdrew the allegation today . Footballer will still stand trial on three remaining assault charges against Reah Mansoor, 19, and her mother, Parveen Mansoor . The talented West Ham United midfielder is currently on loan at Cardiff City .
id: 3f341aa8f8b59bf6c4f23efb4304995b1091bb6d
chatgpt: West Ham United midfielder, Ravel Morrison, will still stand trial over the next few weeks for three remaining assault charges against his ex-girlfriend Reah Mansoor, 19, and her mother, Parveen Mansoor. Morrison is currently on loan at Cardiff City and was alleged to have threatened to kill Mansoor and throw acid at her earlier this year. The Crown Prosecution Service formally withdrew the charge of making threats to kill today, leaving Morrison with three assault charges to defend against when the trial begins. Morrison is accused of assaulting his ex-girlfriend and her mother in July of this year, and has previously entered not guilty pleas to all the charges against him. The CPS made the decision to withdraw the charge of making threats to kill after reviewing the available evidence. According to a spokesperson for the CPS, "after a review of the evidence in this case we concluded that there was not a realistic prospect of conviction for this offence." Morrison's trial is expected to begin at Manchester Crown Court on January 26th, 2015. The trial is expected to last for several days, and Morrison is expected to fully defend himself against all three assault charges. The talented midfielder has had a tumultuous career thus far, with his on-field potential hampered by off-field troubles. Morrison was sold by Manchester United to West Ham United in 2012, and has since struggled to live up to his undoubted potential. Morrison had initially impressed at West Ham, scoring a number of impressive goals in the 2013-14 season, but has failed to establish himself as a regular in the first team. He was subsequently loaned out to Queens Park Rangers in the latter half of that season, before joining Cardiff City on loan earlier this year. His loan period at Cardiff was initially seen as a chance for Morrison to showcase his talent in the Premier League, but he has failed to impress thus far. Morrison's trial is likely to cause further problems for both the player and his club, with West Ham and Cardiff both keen to move on from the negative publicity surrounding the alleged assault. Morrison will hope to use the trial to clear his name and move on with his career, but will face a significant challenge in doing so. In conclusion, it remains to be seen what the outcome of Morrison's trial will be. However, it is clear that the talented midfielder's career is at a crossroads, with his off-field troubles overshadowing his undoubted potential. Morrison will hope that a positive outcome from the trial will allow him to move on and finally realize his potential on the football field.