article: A horse left for dead in North Carolina has earned the name 'Hope' with her strong will to survive. The two-year-old equine was found starved and with seeping wounds all over her body by animal rescue workers in December. Her hair was also matted with dirt and feces. But after weeks of rehabilitation, Hope is back on four hooves and gradually gaining weight. WARNING: GRAPHIC IMAGES . Scroll down for video . Skin and bones: Hope was found starved and with seeping wounds all over her body by animal rescue workers in December . State of distress: Her hair was also matted with dirt and feces - here workers stand her up using a sling . 'Against staggering odds, she is still alive and continues to improve daily,' the team at Sandhills Horse Rescue wrote on a Facebook page created to raise awareness of Hope's plight. 'She has the heart of a warrior,' they added. Hope was rescued from a farm along with another filly named Arya, who wasn't in such a bad condition. In a bid to help her deeps cuts heel, the mare has started sleeping in a sling. This allows her to rest standing instead of lying down in the hay, which aggravates her injuries. Her raw skin has also been bandaged up to prevent infection and irritation. Clean up operation: Rescue workers gave Hope's tail a good wash . On the mend: They also bandaged up her gaping wounds in a bid to prevent infection and irritation . To help her build strength, fat and calcium has been added to her diet. Recent videos show that Hope is slowing getting back on track. In one piece of footage she trots around her pen and in another clip she performs a trick in return for a treat. She also cuts a fashionable stance in a zebra-print jacket, which was sent to her by a fan. The team at Sandhills Horse Rescue conclude: 'When visitors come to see Hope, they also get to meet Arya and see that no matter what life throws you, you can overcome it! Fighting spirit: Recent videos show that Hope is slowing getting back on track . Looking good: The equine cuts a fashionable stance in a zebra-print jacket, which was sent to her by a fan . Shocking story: Animal control officers are currently investigating the severe neglect case . 'Hope does take the majority of the spotlight (which she definitely deserves) due to her dramatic situation, but there is a lot of healing going on here in more ways than one!' Hope's progress will continue to be updated online. Donations are being accepted towards her treatment. Animal control officers are currently investigating the severe neglect case. It will then be up to a District Attorney to bring criminal charges against Hope's former owner.
highlights: The two-year-old equine was found starved and with seeping wounds all over her body by animal rescue workers in December . Her hair was also matted with dirt and feces . After several weeks of rehabilitation she is now back on all fours . Animal control officers are currently investigating the case . It will then be up to a District Attorney to bring criminal charges against the former owner .
id: d1d319b56abb70446c6caa55ee640090731e1659
chatgpt: After months of rehabilitation, a two-year-old horse is finally back on her feet after being found severely malnourished and with seeping wounds all over her body. Animal rescue workers discovered the equine in December, and despite her suffering, the horse showed incredible resilience. The young mare had been left to suffer in desolate conditions, with her hair matted with dirt and faeces. This heartbreaking scene was a result of the inhumane treatment the horse had endured under the care of its former owner. Animal control officers are now investigating the case and, if found guilty, it will be up to a District Attorney to bring criminal charges against the former owner. The rehabilitation process was no easy feat, but the workers at the animal rescue centre refused to give up on the mare's life. The horse was given the name Hope, and that is exactly what she brought to the animal rescue staff. She showed a remarkable ability to persevere through the many weeks of recovery. With round-the-clock care, proper nutrition and necessary medical attention, Hope slowly began to show signs of improvement. Her wounds started healing, and her coat grew soft and shiny after the workers gave her a much-needed bath. Hope slowly grew stronger with each passing day, and after several weeks, she was finally able to stand on all fours. The animal rescue center staff and volunteers were overjoyed at Hope's progress, and they knew that this achievement would not have been possible without their tireless efforts to save her life. Hope was carefully monitored to prevent any relapse, and the animal rescue center staff took the next step of finding her a loving home. As animal control officers continue their investigation, the staff and volunteers at the animal rescue center hope that the authorities will hold the horse's former owner accountable for his or her reckless and cruel behavior. They want justice for Hope and all of the animals in need of protection and care. In conclusion, the story of Hope the horse is a testament to the resilience of animals and the tenacity of those who care for them. Despite being in a dire state, Hope's life was saved thanks to the efforts of animal rescue staff and volunteers who refused to give up on her. They gave her the intensive care she needed to get back on her feet. Hope's story should serve as a reminder of the importance of animal protection laws and the need for justice when animals are mistreated.