article: Starbucks has had to apologize for a poster displayed in at least one store that showed Armenian women in traditional clothing drinking the company's coffee under the crescent and star of the Turkish flag. The posters angered Armenian-Americans because they say more than a million Armenians were killed at the hands of Turkish Ottoman forces in the early 20th Century. The Armenian National Committee of America posted a photo of the advertisement on Facebook and asked why the company would use such an image. The posters, showing Armenian women in traditional clothing drinking the Starbucks under the crescent and star of the Turkish flag, angered Armenian Americans because more than a million Armenians were killed at the hands of Turkish Ottoman forces in the early 20th Century . 'Why is Starbucks selling coffee using an image of women, dressed in traditional Armenian costumes, celebrating a Turkish state that systematically victimized Armenian women during the Armenian genocide, and that still denies this crime against all humanity?' ANCA wrote. More than 1.5million Armenians were killed by Ottoman Forces between 1915 and 1918 in what is now considered Eastern Turkey. But the Turkish government has rejected the term 'genocide', claiming both Turks and Armenians committed atrocities at that time. The poster was displayed in at least one Starbucks in Los Angeles - a city that's home to more than 440,000 people with Armenian ancestry. Starbucks has since posted an apology on ANCA's Facebook page and promised to remove the offensive advertisements. 'Serving as a place for the community to connect is core to our business and we strive to be locally relevant in all of our stores,' a spokesman for Starbucks wrote. 'We missed the mark here and we apologize for upsetting our customers and the community.' ANCA executive director Aram Hamparian told The Guardian that they became aware of the posters on February 18. ANCA believes posters were could be seen in at least 'two or three locations in Southern California'. People lay flowers at the monument to Armenians killed by Ottoman Turks during World War I in Yerevan, in April 2014, to mark the 99th anniversary of the Armenian genocide . 'It became very clear very quickly that this was a very serious issue for the entire community, because we started getting a flood of concern,' Hamparian told The Guardian, adding that Starbucks had responded 'very appropriately'. This year marks the 100th anniversary of the mass killing of Armenians under Ottoman rule, and preparations are happening world wide. The mass killings have been recognized as a genocide in more than 20 countries, including the United States, Germany and Russia. Armenian president Serzh Sarkisian recalled parliamentary protocols aimed at establishing diplomatic relations with Turkey earlier this month. Serkisian accused Ankara of lacking 'political will' and derailing the process with 'preconditions'. The killings in 1915 are regarded by many historians as the first genocide of the 20th century, and are said to have inspired Nazi leader Adolf Hitler.
highlights: Posters displayed Armenian women in traditional clothing under the crescent and star of of the Turkish flag . 1.5million Armenians were killed at the hands of Turkish Ottoman forces during the early 20th Century . Poster was displayed in at least one Los Angeles Starbucks . Starbucks has apologized for the posters and promised to take them down . This year marks the 100th anniversary of the Armenian genocide .
id: 61ee9f9accce4ca4e598e1ce9c515d4cb0f3355f
chatgpt: Starbucks has issued a public apology after controversial posters were displayed in one of its Los Angeles stores. The posters were found to feature Armenian women wearing traditional clothing under the Turkish flag, which prominently displays the crescent and star. The issue stems from the historic events that took place during the early 20th century, when Turkish Ottoman forces were responsible for the death of an estimated 1.5 million Armenians. The timing of the posters’ appearance has given rise to concern and outrage, as 2015 marks the 100th anniversary of the Armenian genocide. There are fears that the display of these offensive posters could incite anti-Armenian sentiment and serve as an insult to the victims and survivors of a tragedy that shook the world. Many representatives of the Armenian community have come forward to express their disappointment over the incident. They have described the posters as being insensitive and hurtful, particularly at a time when emotions are running high. It is a sad reflection on our society when a company that is known for its coffee and sweets ends up causing such offense and distress. Starbucks has responded to the outcry by issuing a statement, in which they apologized unequivocally. They acknowledged the serious nature of the issue and promised to take immediate action to remove the posters from their store. They also stated that they are conducting an internal review into how the posters came to be displayed, and the processes they have in place to prevent such incidents from occurring again. The apology by Starbucks has been welcomed by many, including representatives of the Armenian community. They expressed their gratitude that the matter has been resolved quickly and hope that this will serve as an example to other businesses that need to be more mindful of the cultural sensitivities of their customers. The issue of the Armenian genocide has long been a contentious issue, with debate about the motives and actions of Ottoman forces still continuing to this day. While opinions about what happened differ, there can be no doubt about the impact it had on the Armenian people. It is a tragedy that will forever be remembered by those who were affected, and their descendants. The display of these posters in a public space is a callous and insensitive act that undermines the ongoing efforts to promote peace and understanding between different cultures. As a global company that works in many different countries and with many different communities, Starbucks must ensure that it is always vigilant in ensuring that its actions are not misunderstood or misinterpreted. It is heartening to see that in this instance, the company recognized the gravity of the situation and took prompt action to address the issue. We can only hope that other businesses will take heed of their example, and work to create a more tolerant and compassionate world.