article: Tough new A-levels will see a return to teenagers studying traditional subjects in greater depth to restore rigour to the exams. In English literature pupils will focus on eight instead of 12 texts, while in history they will examine a broader sweep of crucial events to better prepare them for university. Sixth-formers will also need to display more mathematical ability in biology, chemistry, physics, computer science, economics and psychology exams. Changes: Tougher new A-levels will see a return to teenagers studying traditional subjects in greater depth . In a separate move, coursework at A-level is set to be cut back in an effort to toughen up the exams and prevent cheating. In future, the qualifications should include coursework only if a particular skill cannot be assessed by exam, such as in geography fieldwork or art, exam regulator Ofqual said. The Government is introducing harder A-levels in most subjects from September 2015, with reformed maths, further maths and languages A-levels following in 2016. Ministers have already announced that teenagers will be tested at the end of two years – with no exams in the first 12 months – to stop courses being broken into bite-sized chunks that encourage formulaic teaching. In English literature, pupils will need to study a minimum of eight texts  including one Shakespeare play . AS-levels, currently taken in the first year of the sixth form, will become stand-alone qualifications, with marks no longer counting towards final A-level grades. Professor Mark Smith, vice chancellor of Lancaster University, chaired an independent review of A-levels and yesterday a consultation document, drawn up by exam boards and university academics, was published outlining the proposed subject content of the ‘rigorous’ new exams. In English literature, pupils will need to study a minimum of eight texts, which must include at least three works from before 1900, including one Shakespeare play, and a post-2000 work. This will enable sixth-formers to look at novels and plays in more detail. Currently, teenagers study six texts at AS-level and a further six at A-level. English literature candidates will also be examined on a previously ‘unseen’ text. ‘To prepare for examinations with “unseen texts”, students will need to read widely, broadening their knowledge and their critical and comparative understanding of literature,’ the consultation document says. In history, sixth-formers will have to study topics from a period of at least 200 years rather than the current range of 100 years, which is now considered ‘too narrow’. The focus on British history has been reduced from 25 per cent to 20 per cent because it was felt that pupils will have already developed a ‘good understanding’ from GCSE studies. More maths is being introduced to economics, computer science and psychology A-levels as well as the three sciences. Other changes include a new emphasis on drawing in art and design, and fieldwork being reintroduced in geography so pupils ‘relate their learning to real experiences of the world’.
highlights: In English literature pupils will focus on eight instead of 12 texts . In history they will examine a broader sweep of crucial events . Sixth-formers will also need to display more mathematical ability .
id: 769182ccd4dcb678100258d372da18724de61051
chatgpt: Changes to the secondary school curriculum were announced yesterday by the Department for Education, with the aim of providing a more challenging, thought-provoking and diverse set of subjects for pupils. Among the changes, are the reduction of the number of literature texts studied in English, the diversification of historical topics, and the emphasis on maths in the Sixth Form. In the English literature syllabus, pupils will no longer study 12 texts, but eight. This change comes with the aim of ensuring that the texts pupils do study are explored more deeply, and that they are given more time to develop their understanding of each work. In addition, the syllabus will include a more diverse range of writers and genres, providing a wider and more inclusive view of English literature. Pupil Emma Williams said she was excited about the new syllabus: "I love English and the opportunity to spend more time on fewer texts is so appealing. I think it will really allow us to get under the skin of the works." In history, the curriculum has also been redesigned to cover a broader sweep of crucial events. The aim is to move away from a narrow focus on a limited number of topics to present a more rounded view of the complex nature of historical events. Topics will include the Crusades, the slave trade and the Industrial Revolution. Pupil Mohammed Ali said: "I think it’s great that we will get to learn more about the less-discussed parts of history. It will give us a far greater understanding of the world we live in today." The changes to the Sixth Form curriculum are aimed at developing the maths and analytical skills that pupils will need in many careers. Head of Curriculum, John Smith said: "Maths is an essential tool in many fields beyond pure maths or engineering. Whether you want to be a doctor or an economist there is maths involved. We want to give our pupils the best possible chance to succeed and to develop a love of maths and analytics." The changes will see the inclusion of more advanced maths topics such as calculus and statistics. Parents have also welcomed the changes, with some saying it will help their children better prepare for the challenges ahead. One parent, Alex Jones said: "I think it's great that the English curriculum is more diverse, and that history is being broadened. It's important that our children get a well-rounded education, and these changes are a step in the right direction." The new curriculum will come into effect from next year, and the government has said it will work with schools to ensure that the changes are implemented effectively. The hope is that by providing a more challenging, diverse and thought-provoking curriculum, pupils will be better equipped for life in the 21st century.