article: (CNN) -- Williams has turned to Brazilian Felipe Massa to boost its flagging F1 fortunes, the British based team confirming his signing for the 2014 season Monday. Williams, once a major force in the constructors' championship, has claimed just a single point in 2013 and has parted company with Venezuelan Pastor Maldonado. In his place comes the 32-year-old Massa, surplus to requirements at Ferrari after the signing of Kimi Raikkonen, but with a wealth of Grand Prix experience. He will partner Finland's Valtteri Bottas as Williams looks to revive its flagging fortunes. "We are delighted to be able to confirm our 2014 driver line-up and welcome Felipe into the Williams family," said team principal Frank Williams. "He is an exceptional talent and a real fighter on the race track; he also brings a wealth of experience as we begin a new chapter in our story." Massa, runner up to Lewis Hamilton in the 2008 title race, has 11 wins and 36 podium finishes in his F1 career, but has had to play second fiddle to Fernando Alonso at Ferrari in recent seasons. "When I was a kid, I always dreamed about racing for Williams, Ferrari or McLaren and I'm glad to be signing with another icon of the sport following my time at Ferrari," he said. "With such a major change of regulations in 2014, I hope my experience will be useful in helping the team in its effort to move on from a difficult period," he added. Read: Massa's emotional return to Hungary . Bottas impressed Williams with his performance to put their car third on the grid after qualifying for the Canadian Grand Prix in Montreal this season, but he was unable to capitalize in the race. Maldonado, who gave Williams a surprise victory in last season's Spanish Grand Prix, has been unable to build on that promise and it is unclear if he will secure a seat with another team in 2014. "We wish him well for the future," said Williams, who has signed Massa and Bottas to multi-year contracts. His team last won the constructors' title -- the last of nine -- back in 1997, with Jacques Villeneuve claiming the drivers' crown. Meanwhile, Raikkonen will miss the final two races of this season due to a long-term back problem that requires surgery. The injury flared up at September's race in Singapore, and the 34-year-old Finn has now decided to have an operation so he is fit for the start of next season. His Lotus team may promote third driver Davide Valsecchi, according to the F1 website, or give reserve Jerome d'Ambrosio a runout in the GPs in Austin and Sao Paulo.
highlights: Williams signs Felipe Massa for 2014 F1 season . Massa will be leaving Ferrari at the end of the current season . Will partner Valtteri Bottas at Williams replacing Pastor Maldonado . Kimi Raikkonen to miss rest of this season due to back problem .
id: 120e99ba911d0d54c6f94486143cc004d4727ce6
chatgpt: Williams has announced the signing of Felipe Massa for the 2014 Formula One season. The Brazilian driver will be leaving his current team, Scuderia Ferrari, at the end of the current season. Massa, who joined Ferrari in 2006, has had a difficult season so far, with his best finish being fifth place in Spain. Despite this, Williams has shown faith in the driver and sees him as a valuable member of their team. "It is very clear that Felipe still has a lot of speed and skill, and we are looking forward to seeing him drive our car," said Williams team principal Claire Williams. Massa will be replacing Pastor Maldonado, who has had a frustrating season, with no points finishes so far. Maldonado's departure has been expected for some time, with the Venezuelan driver reportedly in talks with Lotus for 2014. Massa will be partnering Valtteri Bottas at Williams, who has impressed many in his rookie season, with some comparing him to the likes of Ayrton Senna and Michael Schumacher. The signing of Massa is a coup for Williams, who have struggled in recent years, finishing eighth in the constructors' championship in 2012 and so far sitting ninth in 2013. However, Massa's signing was not the only news to come out of the Formula One paddock today. Lotus announced that Kimi Raikkonen will be missing the rest of this season due to a back problem. Raikkonen, who is currently third in the drivers' championship behind Red Bull's Sebastian Vettel and Ferrari's Fernando Alonso, has complained of back pain throughout the season. "Kimi has been complaining of back pain for some time, and we have decided that he needs to take some time off to recover fully," said Lotus team principal Eric Boullier. This means that Raikkonen's streak of 27 consecutive points finishes will come to an end, and he will be replaced by Lotus reserve driver Heikki Kovalainen. Kovalainen, who won the Hungarian Grand Prix in 2008 for McLaren, has been out of a race seat since being dropped by Caterham at the end of the 2012 season. The news comes as a blow for Lotus, who have been challenging for race wins and podiums throughout the season. However, Boullier remains confident in Kovalainen's abilities. "Heikki has vast experience in Formula One, and we are confident that he will be able to do a good job for us in the remaining races," said Boullier. Overall, it has been a day of big news in the Formula One world, with Felipe Massa signing for Williams and Kimi Raikkonen being forced to miss the rest of the season. It remains to be seen how these developments will impact the remainder of the season and the teams involved, but fans will be eagerly awaiting the next race in Austin, Texas to find out.