article: (CNN) -- President Barack Obama's plan to review U.S. surveillance programs has validated fugitive NSA leaker Edward Snowden's role as a whistle-blower, the head of the anti-secrecy group WikiLeaks said Saturday. The statement came a day after Obama outlined steps to reform intelligence gathering measures, saying the classified leaks by Snowden created a public distrust in programs meant to safeguard Americans. "As Snowden has stated, his biggest concern was if he blew the whistle and change did not occur," Julian Assange said in a written statement. "Well, reforms are taking shape, and for that, the president and people of the United States and around the world owe Edward Snowden a debt of gratitude." Obama has refused any characterization of Snowden as a "whistle-blower" or "patriot," telling reporters there were "other avenues" the former National Security Agency contractor could have taken instead of leaking national security surveillance information. The president said Snowden's leaks came in "dribs and drabs," giving a false general impression that "we are somehow out there willy-nilly sucking information from everybody." At the same time, Obama sought to assure the public that there are safeguards in place, while acknowledging the need for transparency. Among the steps being taken, according to the president: Working with Congress to pursue appropriate improvements of the telephone data program; reforming the secret court that approves that initiative; improving transparency to provide as much information as possible to the public, including the legal rationale for government collection activities; and appointing a high-level, independent group of outside experts to review surveillance technologies. Snowden stepped forward publicly in June to claim responsibility for leaking to the media that the NSA had secretly collected and stored millions of phone records from accounts in the United States. The agency also collected information from U.S. companies on the Internet activity of overseas residents, he said. Snowden fled first to China and then to Russia before Moscow granted him temporary asylum despite pressure from the Obama administration to return him to the United States to face charges. He has been charged with three felony counts, including violations of the U.S. Espionage Act, for the leaks. If Snowden believes his actions were right, "he can appear before a court with a lawyer and make his case," the president said. Snowden and others have contended that he did America and the world a service by revealing information on secret programs, which they say wrongly impinge on people's right to privacy in furtively giving too much information to the U.S. government. "The simple fact is that without Snowden's disclosures, no one would know about the programs and no reforms could take place," Assange said. Assange released the statement from Ecuadorian Embassy in London, where he sought refuge to avoid extradition to Sweden to face questioning over alleged sex crimes. CNN's Jessica Yellin contributed to this report.
highlights: Julian Assange says the world owes Edward Snowden a debt of gratitude . "Reforms are taking shape," Assange said in a statement released Saturday . President Obama has rejected characterizations of Snowden as a whistle-blower . Snowden, who has temporary asylum in Russia, faces felony charges in the U.S.
id: beed9cc1105adfe02afcfc6bd6e22b9d906acc8c
chatgpt: Julian Assange, the founder of WikiLeaks, has praised fellow whistleblower Edward Snowden, saying that the world owes him a debt of gratitude. The comments came in a statement released on Saturday, in which Assange praised the global impact of Snowden's revelations. "Edward Snowden is a hero, not a traitor," said Assange. "The information he provided through his leaks has caused important reforms to take shape in the United States and around the world. We all owe him a debt of gratitude for his courage and commitment to the truth." Assange's comments came as Snowden continues to live in asylum in Russia, where he fled after leaking classified documents about the National Security Agency's surveillance program in 2013. Snowden has since been charged with felony espionage and theft of government property in the United States. The White House has consistently rejected characterizations of Snowden as a whistleblower, instead referring to him as a criminal who endangered national security by leaking classified information to the media. In response to Assange's comments, President Obama reiterated his position that Snowden's actions were illegal and harmful. "Mr. Snowden's actions were not motivated by a commitment to public service or a desire to educate the public," said Obama in a statement. "Instead, he compromised the security of the United States and our allies, and put lives at risk." Despite these objections, Snowden's revelations have had a significant impact on the global conversation around surveillance and privacy. In the United States, Snowden's leaks forced the government to justify its surveillance practices and led to the passage of important reforms, such as the USA FREEDOM Act and the ending of the NSA's controversial bulk data collection program. Internationally, Snowden's revelations have also spurred a global conversation about digital privacy and the role of government surveillance. In Europe, for example, the Court of Justice of the European Union struck down a data retention law in 2014, citing concerns over privacy and government surveillance. Assange's call for gratitude to Snowden reflects the opinion of many in the international community who believe that Snowden's revelations were a necessary exposure of government overreach and abuse of power. However, with Snowden still facing felony charges in the United States, it remains to be seen whether his actions will ultimately be judged as heroic or criminal.