article: (CNN) -- The 2016 Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro will include rugby union sevens, a shortened version of the 15-player game, and golf as sports, the International Olympic Committee (IOC) announced. The IOC announced Rio's successful bid for the 2016 Olympic Games last week. Two months ago the IOC's executive board voted to include the sports in the program, a proposal that was ratified by the body's members at a meeting in Copenhagen, Denmark, on Friday. Rugby sevens, a sport played with exactly the same rules as the regular version -- just with less players, garnered 81 votes in favor while eight were against and one abstained. Golf was voted in with 63 votes to 27, with two abstentions -- it means the number of "Olympic" sports has reached the IOC's stated maximum of 28. Blog: Money, money, money should be new Olympic motto. The vote was delayed as some IOC members cast doubt on the selection process that had seen the two sports put forward, but on announcing the result IOC president Jacques Rogge said: "Time will show your decision was very wise." The two disciplines will be part of the 2016 and 2020 Games as a result of the vote, a move that prompted IRB president Bernard Lapasset to tell reporters: "This is an historic moment for our sport and for the global rugby community, who were united in their support." Rugby's world governing body, the IRB, has promised to end its World Cup Sevens event in order to allow 12 men's and women's teams to take part in the competition. Similarly, the International Golf Federation (IGF) has said that of the 60 players who will compete in the men's and women's tournament over 72 holes, the world's top stars will all be present. The executive director of the IGF's Olympic Golf Committee, Ty Votaw,  was equally delighted. After coordinating the successful Olympic bid of his sport, he said: "We are elated the IOC membership has accepted golf as an Olympic sport, and look forward to seeing the world's best golfers compete for gold at the 2016 Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro." Softball, squash, baseball, karate and roller sports all bid to be accepted as Olympic sports but were turned down by the executive board two months ago. Golf previously featured at the Paris Games of 1900 and in St Louis in 1904, while Olympic medals could be won by rugby players who contested the 15-a-side format from 1900-24. Meanwhile, Rogge has been re-elected unopposed as president. The Belgian will serve his final four years, which takes him through the London 2012 Olympics before stepping down in 2013, after being re-elected by 88 votes to one.
highlights: The IOC have voted rugby union sevens and golf into the 2016 Olympic Games . Rugby sevens garnered 81 votes in favor of their inclusion with eight against . Golf was voted into the Olympics with 63 votes to 27 with just two abstentions . The Olympic Games in 2016 will be held in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil .
id: ec962a53b664db6b5a7fed3a59e3a248fc04e28c
chatgpt: In an important milestone for rugby union and golf, the International Olympic Committee (IOC) voted to include both sports at the 2016 Olympic Games to be held in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. The decision was made by the IOC in a vote that took place during its annual session in Copenhagen on Friday. Rugby union sevens will make its return to the Olympics for the first time since the 1924 Paris Games. The fast-paced and highly competitive format of the game proved to be popular with the IOC members who voted in favor of its inclusion with 81 votes to eight against. Rugby sevens is a 7-a-side rugby game that lasts for two seven-minute halves. It has been part of the Commonwealth Games since 1998 and has gained immense popularity in countries like Fiji, New Zealand, South Africa, and Australia. The inclusion of golf in the Olympics has been a topic of discussion since the IOC first proposed it in 2009. The decision finally came through with 63 votes to 27 in favor of golf's inclusion. Only two members abstained from the voting process. While golf is already part of several prestigious international events, including the Ryder Cup and the President's Cup, the Olympics will further elevate its status. The decision to include both sports in the Olympic program was applauded by officials from both rugby and golf. Bill Beaumont, the Chairman of World Rugby, said, "The players, coaches, and fans of rugby sevens around the world will now look forward with great anticipation to seeing their sport played at the highest level." Peter Dawson, President of the International Golf Federation, echoed similar sentiments, "Today's decision has tremendous significance for the sport of golf and its millions of players and fans around the world." The inclusion of rugby sevens and golf is expected to give a major boost to their popularity worldwide. It will also provide their respective governing bodies with the opportunity to showcase their sports on a global stage, with the potential to attract new audiences and sponsors. Rio de Janeiro is preparing to host the first Olympic Games in South America. The sporting extravaganza is set to feature around 10,000 athletes from more than 200 countries. Rugby sevens and golf will join the likes of athletics, swimming, and gymnastics among the many sporting disciplines in the Olympic program. The inclusion of these two sports shows the IOC's commitment to keeping the games fresh and relevant, appealing to younger audiences and expanding its reach across different countries and sports genres. The decision also raises questions about the future of sports like wrestling, which were removed from the Olympic program but are looking to regain their status in future editions. In conclusion, the inclusion of rugby sevens and golf is a significant step towards making the Olympics more inclusive and diverse in terms of the sports it features. It is also a testament to the popularity of these two sports worldwide, and their potential to showcase the best of human performance, skill, and passion on a global stage. The countdown to the Rio Olympics has begun, and it promises to be an exciting event for athletes and fans alike.