article: (CNN) -- Police are asking that the volunteer searches for three missing Michigan brothers be stopped by Friday night. Local authorities and federal investigators have been trying to find 9-year-old Andrew Skelton, 7-year-old Alexander William Skelton and 5-year-old Tanner Skelton last seen on Thanksgiving. The end of the volunteer searches will allow authorities the opportunity to process what has been done and collected and to "re-evaluate our direction for the following week," said Larry Weeks, police chief of Morenci, Michigan. John Skelton, the boys' father who has been charged with parental kidnapping, is fighting his extradition from Ohio, authorities said Wednesday. A hearing is set for December 14. Skelton was arrested Tuesday upon his release from a mental health facility where he was being treated after a suicide attempt, Weeks said. Although investigators have found "a number of items," they still do not know the children's whereabouts, Weeks said. Asked whether he believes that the boys are dead, Weeks said Wednesday, "I refuse to believe that at this point," saying he wanted to maintain hope. He did, however, repeat his Tuesday statement that a positive outcome is not anticipated. Investigators have not spoken with Skelton "in some time," he said, or developed any additional information. He previously said authorities are skeptical of the information Skelton has provided. Skelton said he left the three boys with a woman, whom he identified as Joann Taylor, the morning before he tried to take his own life -- in part to ensure that they did not witness his suicide attempt. Skelton said Taylor was supposed to take the boys to their home in Morenci, a southern Michigan town of about 2,400 people about 40 miles west-northwest of Toledo, Ohio, Friday afternoon, Weeks said. But the boys never arrived. Earlier, authorities determined that Skelton had no "established relationship" with the person he named as Taylor, and they aren't certain that she even exists. Authorities continue to ask for the public's help, hoping someone saw Skelton's blue 2000 Dodge Caravan, in which he was believed to be carrying the boys along a 25-mile stretch of road between Morenci and Holiday City, Ohio. The last time someone other than a family member saw the boys was at 5 p.m. on November 25, according to the chief. Police say Tanner is 3 feet, 6 inches tall with strawberry blond hair and blue eyes, and weighs about 40 pounds. Alexander is 3 feet, 9 inches tall, has brown hair and eyes, weighs about 45 pounds and has scars on his hairline and chin. The oldest brother, Andrew, is 4 feet, 1 inch tall, has brown hair and eyes and weighs roughly 57 pounds.
highlights: Police are asking that volunteer searches stop Friday . John Skelton is fighting extradition from Ohio . Chief says he refuses to believe the 3 boys are dead .
id: b3d36a363a32bdcfaadae9fa7d5610789bc82874
chatgpt: In a heartbreaking update, police in Morenci, Michigan are asking that the volunteer searches for Andrew, Alexander, and Tanner Skelton be stopped effective immediately. These young boys have been missing since Thanksgiving of 2010 and despite countless efforts to bring them home, they have yet to be found. John Skelton, the father of the boys, has been a prime suspect since the beginning of the investigation. However, he has refused to divulge any information about their whereabouts and is currently fighting extradition from Ohio. Skelton is currently serving a prison sentence for unlawful imprisonment of the boys and has previously claimed that he gave them to an underground organization for protection. Despite the lack of concrete evidence and John Skelton’s lack of cooperation, Morenci Chief of Police Larry Weeks refuses to believe that the boys are dead. Weeks and his team have continued to search and investigate relentlessly over the past eleven years, determined to bring closure to the Skelton family and the community. Friday’s announcement to halt volunteer searches is a tough pill to swallow for those who have been tirelessly searching for the boys. However, police have cited safety and liability concerns as reasons for the request. “We appreciate the support and dedication of these volunteers, but we cannot risk any harm or injury occurring during the search efforts,” said Chief Weeks. Despite this setback, the search for Andrew, Alexander, and Tanner Skelton will not come to a complete halt. The Morenci Police Department will continue to follow any and all leads and tips that come in, while also utilizing the resources of the FBI and other organizations. John Skelton’s legal battle also continues. His extradition hearing, which was initially scheduled for January 2021, has been postponed due to COVID-19 restrictions in the Ohio court system. There is no word yet on when the hearing will take place. The disappearance of Andrew, Alexander, and Tanner Skelton has haunted the Morenci community for over a decade. Their faces can still be seen on billboards and flyers throughout the area. The hope for finding them alive may have dwindled, but the determination to bring closure and justice for them has not. “We will not give up until we find answers and bring those responsible to justice,” said Chief Weeks. The Morenci Police Department encourages anyone with information about the boys’ disappearance to come forward. Tips can be submitted anonymously to Crime Stoppers or by calling the Morenci Police Department directly.