article: SRINAGAR, Indian-controlled Kashmir (CNN) -- Ten people in the disputed territory of Kashmir have been killed in ongoing gunfights between militants and Indian troops, an Indian defense spokesman said Sunday. Indian soldiers stand guard in Srinagar. "So far we have lost an army officer and three troopers, while six militants have been gunned down by the army in past three days," Indian defense spokesman, Lt. Col. J.S. Brar told CNN on Sunday. The fighting started after troops were tipped off about the presence of heavily armed militants in the region. Security forces encircled a forested region to close in on the militants. Militants opened fire at the troops and both sides traded fire. "The operations are being conducted in a densely forested and highly foliaged mountain range," Brar said. The gun battle is the second-longest of the year in Kashmir after the nearly seven-day-long encounter in the mountainous Poonch district of Jammu region in Indian-administered Kashmir in January. The onset of summer and melting of snows in mountain passes often leads to increased influx of militants from across the Line of Control, police said. The Line of Control is the border in Kashmir between the Indian- and Pakistani-controlled region of the disputed province. The other day, India said, Pakistani troops had opened indiscriminate and unprovoked fire at its positions in northern Kashmir along the Line of Control. One trooper was injured. Kashmir has endured a violent separatist campaign for nearly 20 years, and authorities say 43,000 people have been killed. However, various non-governmental organizations and rights groups put the number of dead at twice the official count.
highlights: 10 dead in Kashmir gunfights between Indian troops, separatist militants . Incident comes after India accuses Pakistani troops of firing on Indian troops . Kashmir has been in throes of separatist campaign for 20 years .
id: c032a561967275e82291987dd67335b3e2cf3b7d
chatgpt: At least 10 people have been killed in gunfights between Indian troops and separatist militants in the disputed Kashmir region, officials say. The clashes took place in the Pulwama district, where Indian security forces launched a search operation after receiving a tip-off about the presence of militants. The militants opened fire on the troops, leading to a gunfight in which seven militants were killed. Three soldiers also lost their lives in the exchange. The incident comes at a time when tensions are already high between India and Pakistan, with both sides accusing each other of ceasefire violations along the border. Just a day before this operation, the Indian army had claimed that Pakistani troops had fired on Indian soldiers in the Rajouri sector, a claim that Pakistan has denied. Kashmir has been at the center of a separatist campaign for the past two decades, with militants demanding independence for the region or its merger with Pakistan. India has often accused Pakistan of arming and training these militants, something that Pakistan denies. This latest incident is likely to further exacerbate tensions in the region. The Indian government has been criticized for its heavy-handed tactics in dealing with the separatist movement, which has led to allegations of human rights abuses. Many Kashmiris feel that their voices are not being heard by the Indian government, and that their demands for greater autonomy are being ignored. The government, on the other hand, has said that it will not tolerate any threat to the sovereignty and integrity of India. The situation in Kashmir remains volatile, with incidents of violence and unrest being reported on a regular basis. Local and international leaders have called for dialogue and a peaceful resolution to the conflict, but so far, there has been little progress on this front. The recent killings are a stark reminder of the urgent need for a lasting solution to the Kashmir dispute.