article: WASHINGTON (CNN) -- People in big cities walk past them every day -- street performers, or buskers. Some are talented, some are not, and most aren't performing for a cause greater than themselves. But on Monday, 12-year-old Abby Miller was. Abby Miller sings for her friend Taylor Love outside Washington's Union Station on Monday. She was performing outside Washington's Union Station to help her 4-year-old friend, Taylor Love, who is suffering from cancer. Abby sat in front of the station with a couple of her friends, singing songs and strumming a guitar. Passers-by seemed to notice the girl's singing talent, stopping to listen in the chilly weather, with a few putting money in a bucket at Abby's feet. Abby said the money will help support Taylor's family. A few more stopped to write messages on "Love Notes," little cards designed to encourage Taylor Love through the tough time. "Her mom reads them to her before she goes to bed at night," Abby said. "Taylor gets excited for them and she loves getting them read to her because she likes knowing that people are supporting her and people are actually thinking of her." Taylor has neuroblastoma, a cancer that affects the nervous system. According to her Web site, she is in remission, but this type of cancer has a high risk of recurrence. There has been little research on the illness, of which there are about 650 new cases in the United States each year. Mike Gillette, a family friend of both Taylor and Abby, brought the two girls together. While raising money and support for Taylor is important, he said, he thinks Abby's outreach can help bring more critical awareness for the devastating disease. "She really wanted to reach people all over the country," he said. Gillette said he has taken Abby to do similar performances in the District of Columbia, New Jersey and Virginia, and estimates they've raised thousands of dollars and have gotten people to write several hundred "Love Notes." Abby does more than just raise money and awareness for her friend. Taylor's mother, Aimee, said that although Abby is eight years older than Taylor, the two see each other often and have a special connection that helps her get through her daughter's illness. "I think it's amazing for a 12-year-old Abby to be drawn to my daughter, who is 4 and wants to inspire other children," Aimee Love said. "The joy I see in Taylor when she sees Abby brings a light into my life." Taylor's family said her treatments are terribly painful. But Abby said Taylor has enormous character. "She's the most happy girl in the world, which I think is just incredible," Abby said. "She's so much fun to be around. She's a little 4-year-old girl but she's got a heart of like a thousand grown adults." Aimee Love said her daughter feels the same way about Abby. "It gives her someone to aspire to, someone to be inspired by," she said.
highlights: Abby Miller sings, plays guitar to help 4-year-old friend with cancer . Abby collects donations, has people write notes of support for Taylor Love . Taylor has neuroblastoma, a cancer that affects the nervous system .
id: 3d43e04c56a139663a96b2fabfa438d63d4ad28d
chatgpt: Abby Miller, a young musician and kind-hearted friend, has found an inspiring way to support her four-year-old pal Taylor Love, who is battling neuroblastoma, a devastating cancer that attacks the nervous system. Abby has been singing and playing guitar for Taylor, collecting donations for her family, and inviting people to write notes of love and support for the little girl. According to Abby, she was eager to find a way to make Taylor happy and raise awareness about neuroblastoma, which affects roughly one in every 100,000 children. Abby says, “I feel like music is something that brings people together and can really make people happy and I just wanted to give that to her.” Since she began performing for Taylor, Abby has raised over $2,000 in donations, which she has given to Taylor’s family to support them through this difficult time. In addition, Abby has collected hundreds of notes of support from people who have been touched by Taylor’s story and her bravery in fighting this terrible disease. Taylor’s mother, Kristin Love, says that Abby’s kindness and talent have been a bright light in a difficult time for their family. Kristin says, “Abby is an amazing young lady. Her positive energy and dedication to Taylor is truly inspiring. She has brought so much joy to our family during a very difficult time.” Neuroblastoma is known for its aggressive nature and can be incredibly challenging to treat. However, Taylor’s family has been touched by the outpouring of support from friends, family, and even strangers who have taken an interest in her story. Taylor’s father, Mike Love, says, “We never expected this kind of response. It’s been such a blessing to see the community rally behind us and support us in so many ways. Abby has been a true gift to our family.” Abby plans to continue performing for Taylor and collecting donations to support her family. She also hopes that her efforts will raise awareness about neuroblastoma and inspire others to support families who are struggling with childhood cancer. Abby says, “I feel like there’s so much negativity in the world right now, but if we can all come together and do something positive, we can make a real difference. I just want to do my part and help.” Taylor is currently in treatment for her cancer but her family says they are optimistic about her future. Kristin says, “We believe that Taylor is a fighter and we’re hopeful that she will come through this stronger than ever before. We’re so grateful for Abby’s love and support, and for the love and prayers of everyone who has stood with us during this challenging time.”