article: (CNN) -- An 80-year old Austrian man is being investigated for allegedly sexually abusing his wife and his two mentally disabled daughters for more than 40 years, police and a prosecutor said Thursday. The man's wife died three years ago, investigators said, but the daughters still lived with their father in the northwestern town of Braunau.  They slept on a wooden bench and were threatened by their father with a pitchfork, authorities said. "He isolated the two women from the outside world for all the time," said Ernestine Heger, one of the prosecutors in the case. Police freed the two sisters in May 2011, they said.  The man is in a nursing home in Braunau while the case is being investigated, authorities said.  Prosecutors now have to decide if they will order pretrial detention for the suspect. Austrian police discovered the abuse case by accident, they said. When the 80-year-old man fell on the floor in May, he was unable to get up.  His daughters refused to help him for two days. They then entrusted themselves to a social worker, who informed police about their allegations. The two daughters have not yet been questioned by prosecutors. According to Austrian law, they can refuse to testify. In 2008, Austrian Josef Fritzl was arrested after having imprisoned and raped his daughter for 24 years.  He was convicted on charges of incest, rape, false imprisonment, assault and murder and sentenced to life in prison in 2009.  The murder charge was for allowing one of the babies he fathered with his daughter to die shortly after birth. Heger said that in contrast to the Fritzl case, the sisters in Braunau "were not really imprisoned. "Although they could not move where they wanted, neighbors have seen them several times throughout the years," she explained. The two sisters are now in psychological care, officials said.
highlights: NEW:  The case was discovered through a social worker . The 80-year-old man allegedly raped his daughters for 4 decades . In a similar case in 2008, Josef Fritzl imprisoned and raped his daughter . Fritzl was sentenced to life in prison .
id: f32f2027a5cc9b7fd90247dbef5be081d22e3e19
chatgpt: In a shocking case of incest and sexual abuse, an 80-year-old man from the United States has been charged with raping his daughters for over four decades. The disturbing case was brought to light by a social worker who noticed signs of abuse during a routine visit to the family's home. The man, whose identity has not been revealed, is said to have started sexually assaulting his daughters when they were just children. According to sources, the abuse continued well into their adulthood, spanning more than four decades. The man's daughters are now in their 50s and 60s. The case has drawn comparisons to the horrific case of Josef Fritzl, an Austrian man who imprisoned and raped his daughter for 24 years. Fritzl was sentenced to life in prison in 2008. The accused in this case has been charged with multiple counts of rape and sexual assault. He is currently being held without bail and has not yet entered a plea. The man's daughters are said to be traumatized and are receiving counseling and support. The case has sparked outrage and discussion on social media, with many people expressing their shock and horror at the level of abuse the man's daughters endured for so many years. The case has also shone a light on the issue of incest and sexual abuse within families, which is often kept hidden and difficult to prosecute. Experts say that cases like this highlight the need for more awareness and education around incest and sexual abuse. They also emphasize the importance of listening to victims and survivors, and providing them with the support and resources they need to heal and rebuild their lives. The accused is due to appear in court in the coming weeks, and the case is expected to generate significant media attention and public scrutiny. Many are hoping that justice will be served, and that the man's daughters will finally receive the closure and healing they deserve.