article: By . Sarah Michael . Queenslanders have reported seeing a large, flaming ball of light tear through the night sky before crashing to earth near Townsville on Thursday night. Astronomers are trying to locate the mysterious space object, which had a blue and orange tail and came down in the north Queensland city about 6.30pm (AEST). Residents from Cunnamulla, in state's southwest, and people located more than 1000km away in Townsville in the north, have reported seeing the object. Townsville residents saw a mysterious space object with a blue and orange tail (pictured bottom right) tear through the sky and crash to earth on Thursday night. This photo was taken at 6.52pm loosing east from Teltra Hill in Mount Isa . Kim Vuga, a 45-year-old public servant, was on the back veranda at her home in the southern Townsville suburb of Kelso when she saw the object hit the earth. 'It was like the sun falling out of the sky with a big flame behind it,' Ms Vuga told MailOnline. 'A big ball of fire which was really bright with the biggest, reddest fire flame behind it. 'It was quite amazing, it was like an atomic bomb effect [when it hit], everything lit back up again.' Ms Vuga said she knew the exact south-west direction from her home to the spot on earth where it impacted, but she did not know the distance. 'I didn't hear anything so that's another clue as to how far away it was,' she said. 'It's fallen out of the sky into a rural area.' Townsville resident Terry Robinson said it was an awe-inspiring sight, the ABC reported. 'It was pretty big and this thing hit like a bomb. It was huge,' he told the broadcaster. 'I don't know how big it was. In the sky, it looked like half a dozen jumbo jets were falling out of the sky at the same time.' Sunshine Coast astronomer Owen Bennedick is trying to locate the object, which he believes is a satellite not a meteor. 'It was probably a satellite re-entering the atmosphere, because of the multiple colours that were seen and how big an area it was actually seen over,' Mr Bennedick told MailOnline. 'It was big so that means it was going slowly.' Mr Bennedick, from Wappa Falls Observatory in Yandina, said meteors can travel at speeds of up to 100km per second, but satellites only travel between 5km and 7km per second. He is appealing to witnesses to come forward with information. 'If it actually hit the ground and made a flash then people within I would suggest 5 to 7km would hear it,' he said. 'If it hit the ground it would make a fairly hard bang.' Police said officers in Townsville had received just one report about the incident, and had made inquiries to ensure it wasn't an aviation accident. Beyond that, they can't shed any light on the mystery. Witnesses can contact Mr Bennedick on 0427467944.
highlights: Townsville residents saw ball of light fly through sky on Thursday . It crashed to earth and exploded like a bomb after 6.30pm . Astronomers are trying to locate the unidentified space object . Experts believe the flaming object was a satellite not a meteor .
id: f8cb198eb077efbdd10f0c4a630ac4a8882e4c54
chatgpt: A strange, unidentified object flashed through the skies of Townsville on Thursday, much to the surprise of the local residents. According to eyewitnesses, a ball of light streaked through the sky at around 6:30 pm, before crashing to earth and exploding like a bomb. Astronomers and experts have been trying to locate the object and determine its origin and purpose. While some initially speculated that it might have been a meteor or other natural phenomenon, new evidence has emerged that suggests it was something more manmade in nature. According to space experts, the object was most likely a satellite that had entered the earth's atmosphere and burned up as a result of friction with the air. The flaming trail it left behind as it fell to the ground added to the confusion and spectacle, leading many to believe that it was something far more dramatic than it actually was. Despite the lack of clear information about the object's identity, many locals are still buzzing about the event, which was a rare and exciting occurrence in this part of the world. "It was amazing to see something like that flying through the sky," said local resident James Thompson. "I've never seen anything like it before in my life, and I doubt I'll ever see something like it again." Others agreed, with many taking to social media to share photos and videos of the incident. Some have even suggested that the object might have been of extraterrestrial origin, although this has yet to be confirmed. For now, astronomers and space experts are continuing to investigate the object and its trajectory, in the hopes of determining more about its origin and history. Meanwhile, locals in Townsville are simply enjoying the moment and reveling in the excitement of witnessing something truly otherworldly. "It was really cool to see something so different and mysterious," said Amanda Simpson, another local resident who witnessed the event. "I think it just goes to show that we really don't know everything about the universe and what's out there in space. Who knows what else we might see in the future?"  Overall, the incident has left many residents of Townsville with a newfound appreciation for the wonders of the universe, and the seemingly endless possibilities for discovery and exploration that lie beyond our own world. For those lucky enough to have caught a glimpse of the object as it streaked through the sky, it will be a memory that they will cherish and remember for years to come.