article: (CNN) -- Israel "has never negotiated the exchange of nuclear weapons with South Africa," its president's office said Monday, after a British newspaper claimed such talks had taken place. The Guardian published what it said were previously secret South African documents saying the two countries' defense ministers had discussed the possible Israeli sale of nuclear weapons to the apartheid-era state in 1975. The newspaper said the documents were the first written proof that Israel had nuclear weapons. Israel has always refused either to confirm or deny that. But Monday, President Shimon Peres' office issued a statement saying, "There exists no basis in reality for the claims published this morning by the Guardian that in 1975 Israel negotiated with South Africa the exchange of nuclear weapons. "Unfortunately, The Guardian elected to write its piece based on the selective interpretation of South African documents and not on concrete facts," the statement said. Peres was defense minister at the time of the alleged negotiations, and the Guardian says his signature is on one of the memos. Part of that memo has been blacked out, but a part that is visible mentions "all information, know-how and materials," then has several words blacked out, followed by "schematics, plans and drawings supplied or transmitted... in the course of negotiations or in pursuance of any of the aforesaid agreements." Much of the rest of the visible part of the document is about keeping the agreement secret. It makes reference to an "Annex A," which does not appear in the Guardian article. The document, posted with others on the Guardian's website, is apparently signed by South African Defense Minister PW Botha and dated April 3, 1975. A signature appearing to be Peres' is not dated. The document is stamped "Top Secret" and "Declassified 2006-05-30." Another memo, apparently bearing Peres' signature and published on Israeli Ministry of Defense stationery, thanks South African Information Secretary E.M. Rhoodie for his "great efforts" in ensuring successful meetings between Israel and South Africa in December 1974. The document says a "vitally important cooperation between our two countries has been initiated," but does not go into details. A third document purports to detail talks between Botha and Peres. Botha asks for "the correct payload" and Peres tells him it is "available in three sizes," according to the South African minutes of the meeting. The documents -- all South African -- were obtained by a researcher, Sasha Polakow-Suransky, for a book on the close relationship between the two countries, the Guardian says in its article by Washington correspondent Chris McGreal. The book, "The Unspoken Alliance: Israel's Secret Relationship with Apartheid South Africa," is due to be published Tuesday, according to Amazon.com. Israel said the newspaper did not seek Israeli official comment before publishing the article. Israel has long been assumed to have about 200 nuclear warheads.
highlights: Paper claims defense ministers discussed nuclear weapons deal in 1975 . Israel says it has "never negotiated" nuclear weapons sales with South Africa . UK's Guardian says documents are first written proof that Israel has nuclear weapons .
id: f1c87107e5bbb806d91131a3ece7a8f57dec94b4
chatgpt: Newly released documents suggest that in 1975, Israeli defense ministers discussed the possibility of a nuclear weapons deal with South Africa. While Israel denies ever negotiating such a deal, the documents offer the first written proof that Israel has nuclear weapons. The documents, which were obtained by The Guardian newspaper, describe a meeting between South African officials and then-Israeli defense minister Shimon Peres in 1975. According to the papers, Peres offered to sell nuclear warheads to South Africa, which was facing an arms embargo at the time. The meeting was reportedly requested by South Africa, which was seeking to develop its own nuclear weapons program. The documents suggest that Israeli officials were open to selling nuclear weapons technology to the South African government. While the documents do not provide conclusive evidence that a deal was ever struck, they do show that Israel was willing to discuss the idea of selling nuclear weapons to another country. This is significant because Israel has always maintained a policy of nuclear ambiguity, neither confirming nor denying the existence of its nuclear arsenal. According to the documents, the South African officials who attended the meeting with Peres were interested in acquiring nuclear technology not only for military purposes, but also for energy production. South Africa had been developing a nuclear energy program since the 1950s, but faced difficulties in obtaining the necessary materials. Israel has responded to the publication of the documents by denying that it ever negotiated a nuclear weapons deal with South Africa. A spokesperson for the Israeli government said that the documents "do not reflect the policies or positions of the State of Israel." The spokesperson added that Israel is committed to nuclear non-proliferation and has never taken part in the sale or transfer of nuclear weapons or technology. The release of the documents is likely to add further fuel to the debate over Israel's nuclear policy. While the country has never officially declared its nuclear capability, it is widely believed to possess a significant nuclear arsenal. The documents may also raise questions about South Africa's own nuclear weapons program, which was dismantled in the 1990s. The South African government has always maintained that it did not acquire nuclear weapons, but the documents suggest that it was seeking to do so in the 1970s. The publication of the documents comes at a time of renewed focus on nuclear weapons, with tensions rising between the United States and North Korea. Many experts have expressed concern over the potential for nuclear conflict, and some have called for new efforts to reduce the global nuclear arsenal. For now, however, the focus remains on the documents themselves and what they reveal about Israel's nuclear program. The Guardian has called the papers "explosive" and said that they offer "unprecedented" insight into Israel's nuclear policy. Whether the documents will prompt a new debate on nuclear weapons remains to be seen, but they are likely to be of interest to policymakers, journalists, and scholars studying the history of the Israeli-South African relationship.