article: By . Richard Arrowsmith . Ajax have entered negotiations to sign former Chelsea striker Samuel Eto'o, according to the Eredivisie club's football director Marc Overmars. After spending a one-year loan spell at Stamford Bridge, the Cameroon international is now available as a free-agent with clubs including West Ham, QPR and Sunderland reportedly interested in signing the 33-year-old. However, former Arsenal winger Overmars is confident that the prolific forward will be plying his trade in Holland this season - with Ajax also able to offer Champions League football. Scroll down for videos... Dutch of class? Former Chelsea striker Samuel Eto'o in in talks to join Eredivisie side Ajax . Home comforts: Cameroon striker scored 12 goals for Chelsea last season - all at Stamford Bridge . 'Samuel seemed very hungry to play for Ajax. He is fit and has a great drive to succeed once again,' Overmars told Voetbal International. 'We don't want to block the growing process of our talents like [Arkadiusz] Milik and [Richairo] Zivkovic, but if it is possible to sign a world class player like Eto'o, then why not? It will be fantastic.' Eto'o scored 12 goals in all competitions for the Blues last season but courted controversy after manager Jose Mourinho was overheard implying that he was older than his stated age. During an interview with French TV, the Blues boss made off-air comments about the Cameroon star, calling the forward an 'old man'. Confident: Ajax director Marc Overmars claims that Samuel Eto'o is 'hungry' to play for the club . Controversy: Jose Mourinho was overheard questioning Samuel Eto'o's true age . Mourinho was heard saying: 'Eto’o is 32 years old, maybe 35, who knows?’ Eto'o branded Mourinho a 'fool' in the aftermath, but the Special One's comments still rankle with the African. The striker has also received numerous lucrative offers from the Middle East but appears to want to continue playing at the highest level. CLICK HERE to start picking your Fantasy Football team NOW! There’s £60,000 in prizes including £1,000 up for grabs EVERY WEEK...
highlights: Ajax director Marc Overmars says club is in talks to sign Samuel Eto'o . Cameroon striker is a free agent after end of loan spell with Chelsea . 33-year-old has also been linked with West Ham, QPR and Sunderland . Former Barcelona striker scored 12 goals at Stamford Bridge last season . Jose Mourinho implied that the striker was older than his stated age .
id: 79c364eaadd9dd10a550eacde23c1f73d8d1242c
chatgpt: Amsterdam-based football club Ajax is reportedly in discussions to sign Samuel Eto'o. The former Cameroon striker is a free agent after his loan spell with Chelsea came to an end. Ajax's director Marc Overmars confirmed that talks are already underway to bring the 33-year-old to the club. Eto'o had a successful season at Stamford Bridge, scoring 12 goals in 35 appearances. However, at the end of the season, Chelsea decided not to extend his contract, making him a free agent. Since then, the striker has been linked with several Premier League teams, including West Ham, QPR and Sunderland. The former Barcelona player's age has been a matter of contention in recent months. Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho had questioned Eto'o's stated age, implying that he may be older than 33. However, the striker has not responded to these allegations, instead choosing to focus on his football and finding a new club. Ajax is looking to strengthen its squad ahead of the upcoming season, and Eto'o could be the experienced striker that they need. The club finished second in the Eredivisie last season, behind bitter rivals Feyenoord, and is determined to regain its position at the top of the table next year. Eto'o's goal-scoring abilities could prove crucial for Ajax, and his experience could help the team in Europe as well. The striker has won the UEFA Champions League three times, twice with Barcelona and once with Inter Milan. He has also won the African Cup of Nations twice with Cameroon. If the deal goes through, Eto'o will join a long list of high-profile players who have played for Ajax. The club has a reputation for developing young talent, but also has a rich history of attracting world-class players. The likes of Johan Cruyff, Marco van Basten, and Dennis Bergkamp have all played for Ajax at some point in their careers. Only time will tell if Eto'o will sign for Ajax, but if he does, it could be a game-changer for the Dutch club.