article: (CNN) -- Italian manager Gianfranco Zola has been sacked by English Premier League club West Ham, while former England boss Steve McLaren has joined German side Wolfsburg. The Hammers announced in a statement on their official Web site that they had terminated Zola's contract after a season in which they finished just one place above the relegation zone. West Ham's new owners, David Gold and David Sullivan, who took control of the club in January, made clear there would be changes at the end of the season, and they have been true to their word. The official statement read: "West Ham United confirm that they have terminated the contract of Gianfranco Zola. "The Board of Directors would like to thank him for his contribution and wish him well for the future. The Club will now be focusing its efforts on seeking a replacement." Meanwhile, ex-England coach Steve McLaren has been confirmed as Wolfsburg's new coach. McLaren led Dutch side FC Twente to their first ever league title last season and will become the first English coach to take charge of a German side. A statement on Wolfsburg's official Web site said: "Steve McClaren is to take over as new trainer at VfL Wolfsburg. The 49 year old will start work on July 1st under a two year contract to keep him in Wolfsburg until June 30th 2012." Former Netherlands and Ajax coach Marco van Basten has ruled himself out of the running to become the next boss of Italian giants AC Milan. Media reports in Italy claim current coach Leonardo will leave the club in the summer but according to the UK Press Association, Van Basten told Italian television that a serious ankle injury would rule him out of contention. He said: "I am still not ready. I still have an ankle problem and I must resolve it. I can't do a big job like that of a coach as for that your mind has to be clear. "I have read the reports about Milan and me. It's a good idea. Milan and the people of Milan are kind to me, but right now I have this problem with my ankle and it doesn't seem right to see a coach limp on the pitch."
highlights: Gianfranco Zola has been sacked by West Ham United . Ex-England coach Steve McLaren has left FC Twente for German club Wolfsburg . Italian media claims Marco Van Basten has ruled himself out of the AC Milan job .
id: 616220b33025dffb16c462ad821d914ef3216868
chatgpt: In the world of football, there have been a number of managerial changes recently that have made headlines. One such change has been the sacking of Gianfranco Zola from his position as head coach of West Ham United. The announcement of Zola's dismissal came as a surprise to many fans and pundits alike. The Italian had been in charge of the club for two years, during which time he led them to a ninth-place finish in the Premier League in his first season. However, this year the team has struggled and currently sits one point above the relegation zone with just two games remaining. As a result of the poor performances, West Ham's board made the decision to part ways with Zola. In a statement, the club's co-owner, David Sullivan, said: "It's never an easy decision to make, but we felt that a change was necessary to give us the best chance of remaining in the Premier League. We would like to thank Gianfranco for his hard work and dedication over the past two years and wish him all the best for the future." Another managerial change that has made headlines recently is the departure of Steve McLaren from FC Twente. The former England coach has left the Dutch club to take over at German side Wolfsburg. McLaren had been at Twente for two years and had led them to the Eredivisie title in the 2009-10 season. Speaking about his move to Wolfsburg, McLaren said: "I'm excited to be joining such a prestigious club and look forward to the challenge ahead. It's a great opportunity for me to work in Germany and I can't wait to get started." Finally, there has been speculation in the Italian media that Marco Van Basten has ruled himself out of the running for the AC Milan job. The former Milan player had been linked with a return to the club as a replacement for Massimiliano Allegri, who was sacked earlier this year. However, Van Basten has reportedly informed Milan's management that he is not interested in the job. It remains to be seen who will take over at the club, with former player Clarence Seedorf and current Sampdoria coach Marco Giampaolo among the names being mentioned. In conclusion, the world of football is constantly changing and these recent managerial changes demonstrate that even the most successful coaches can find themselves out of a job if their team is not performing up to expectations.