article: A Brazilian model accused of racking up $40,000 worth of charges Josh Brolin's credit card and shoplifting nearly $10,000 in clothes from Saks Fifth Avenue made a brief appearance in court yesterday. Giselle Oliveira, 34, is charged with making a number of unauthorized clothing purchases  on the Hollywood heartthrob's American Express account between October 2010 and January 2013. Prosecutors allege that the Latin American model also filled her shoulder bag with 'four pairs of pants, two dresses, two jackets and one scarf' totaling $9,485 at the New York department store. Brazilian model Giselle Oliveira, 34, has appeared in court after pleading not guilty to charges of theft . According to the New York Daily News, Oliveira appeared in Manhattan Criminal Court yesterday but the judge spent just half an hour with her lawyers, after trying and failing to find a resolution to the case. 'Nothing happened today. The matter has been adjourned to Nov. 25,' Oliveira's lawyer Ellen Resnick told the newspaper. Oliveira, who is the former girlfriend of Mambo Kings actor Armand Assante, has pleaded not guilty to charges of theft. She has previously claimed her crimes was part of her work as a cooperator with the Department of Homeland Security. She said she had been involved with some bad people including 'a Hispanic man named J' who 'threatened to show my boyfriend naked pictures of me with another man', the New York Daily News reported. Oliveira allegedly used No Country for Old Men star Josh Brolin's card to make $40,000 worth of purchases . The model was released on $10,000 bond, and has reportedly been staying at 64-year-old Assante's sprawling property   north of New York City - although the couple are no longer together. Earlier this year, Page Six reported that Assante was so broke he was forced  to borrow nearly $2,000 to get  Oliveira out of jail. According to the newspaper, Oliveira appeared in a Manhattan court saying she's been living 'the simple life' with Assante at his home. 'Armand and I live a very simple life, she said. 'I am a simple girl who comes from a farm in Brazil. I love to cook. I love to clean.' Giselle Oliveira (left)  is the former girlfriend of Mambo Kings actor Armand Assante (right) and the couple are reportedly still living together in Assante's property north of New York . Prosecutors allege that Oliveira also filled her shoulder bag with 'four pairs of pants, two dresses, two jackets and one scarf' totaling $9,485 after snipping off their tags at Saks Fifth Avenue .
highlights: Giselle Oliveira allegedly made purchases on Brolin's American Express card . Prosecutors allege she also shoplifted $10,000 worth of clothes from Saks . Oliveira claimed she was cooperator with Department of Homeland Security . Her lawyers tried and failed to find resolution to the case in Manhatten court . Oliveira, 34, living with ex-boyfriend Mambo Kings actor Armand Assante, 64 .
id: 84bc48374f35d0d15b28e449bce8b676d8e80a52
chatgpt: Giselle Oliveira, a 34-year-old woman, has been accused of making unauthorized purchases on Brolin's American Express card and shoplifting clothes worth $10,000 from Saks. Prosecutors have alleged that she committed these crimes even though Oliveira claimed to be a cooperator with the Department of Homeland Security.  The case against Oliveira has been ongoing for some time now, and her lawyers recently attempted to find a resolution in Manhattan court. Unfortunately, their attempts were unsuccessful, and the case against Oliveira remains unresolved.  Oliveira's living situation has also come to light during the proceedings. She is apparently living with her ex-boyfriend, Mambo Kings actor, Armand Assante, who is 64 years old. It is unclear how this living situation has impacted the case against Oliveira.  Court documents reveal that Oliveira allegedly used Brolin's American Express card to purchase various items. It is unclear how she obtained the card or why she made these purchases. However, the charges against Oliveira also include shoplifting $10,000 worth of clothes from Saks.  Oliveira has claimed to be a cooperator with the Department of Homeland Security, but it is unclear what her role is or how it relates to the charges against her. Her lawyers have argued that her cooperation with the department should be taken into consideration when determining her punishment.  The charges against Oliveira are serious, and she could face significant penalties if found guilty. It is unclear what the next steps in the case will be, but it is clear that Oliveira's lawyers will continue to fight for a favorable outcome.  This case is just one example of the many legal battles that take place in Manhattan's courtrooms every day. It is a reminder of the importance of our legal system and the need to ensure that justice is served. As the case against Oliveira continues, there will undoubtedly be many more twists and turns, but one thing remains clear: this is a story that is worth following closely.