article: Top seed Novak Djokovic has played down concerns over his fitness ahead of the Australian Open, which gets under way in Melbourne on Monday. Djokovic was forced to postpone his pre-tournament press conference by a day due to illness, but practised on Sunday and declared himself fit to seek a fifth win in the year's first grand slam. 'I had a tough couple of days but it's all behind me now. I'm ready for the Open,' said the world No 1, who won the title for three years in a row before losing to eventual champion Stanislas Wawrinka in the quarter-finals 12 months ago. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Novak Djokovic: I am ready for the Australian Open . Top seed Novak Djokovic has played down concerns over his fitness ahead of the Australian Open . Djokovic was forced to postpone his pre-tournament press conference by a day due to illness . Asked what he had been suffering from, Djokovic added: 'Little bit with the flu and stomach. But I carried that already from the Middle East a little bit. But now it's good. It's passed.' Djokovic was unable to play Britain's Andy Murray in the final of an exhibition event in Abu Dhabi at the start of January due to illness, and then reached the quarter-finals in Doha before losing to Ivo Karlovic. The 27-year-old will face Slovenian qualifier Aljaz Bedene in the first round on Tuesday and is looking to become the second man in history to win five or more Australian Open titles. Djokovic, Roger Federer, Andre Agassi, Ken Rosewall and Jack Crawford have all won four, with Roy Emerson (six) the only player to win more than five. But the world No 1 later revealed he was over his fitness issues and would be ready for Monday . The 27-year-old will face Slovenian qualifier Aljaz Bedene in the first round on Tuesday . Djokovic trains with compatriot Viktor Troicki ahead of the Australian Open in Melbourne .
highlights: The Australian Open starts in Melbourne on Monday . Novak Djokoivc had been struggling with flu and other illnesses . But the world No 1 said he is over those issues and will be fit to play . He will face Slovenian qualifier Aljaz Bedene in the first round .
id: c3d784bfe6e1b3908973ef4e1c910bbab3332bcc
chatgpt: The Australian Open, one of the most prestigious tennis tournaments in the world, is set to kick off in Melbourne on Monday. Fans from across the globe are eagerly waiting for their favorite players to take the court and compete for the coveted trophy. And among them is none other than the world No. 1, Novak Djokovic. Djokovic, who has had a phenomenal run in the last couple of years, hasn't had the best start to his new season. The Serbian had been struggling with flu and other illnesses, which dampened his spirits and forced him to withdraw from the inaugural ATP Cup in Sydney. But, the good news for his fans is that he has recovered and is ready to take on the competition in Melbourne. In a recent interview, Djokovic confirmed that he has overcome his flu and other health issues and is feeling fit to play. He said, "I'm feeling good, I'm feeling fit, I'm feeling healthy. I'm ready to go out there and perform at my best." Djokovic also mentioned that he had been working hard during his recovery period and has been putting in extra hours of practice to make up for lost time. Djokovic is known for his tenacity on the court and his never-say-die attitude. He is a six-time Australian Open champion, and his record at the tournament speaks volumes about his ability to dominate his opponents. Djokovic has been drawn to face Slovenian qualifier Aljaz Bedene in the first round of the tournament, and he is expected to sail through with ease. However, Djokovic is not taking anything for granted, and he knows that this is just the beginning of a long and grueling tournament. He said, "I'm taking it one match at a time, and I'm not underestimating anyone. The Australian Open is a tough tournament, and anything can happen." With Djokovic feeling fit and confident, his fans will be hoping that he can continue his winning streak at the Australian Open and clinch the title for the seventh time. The tennis world is eagerly awaiting the start of the tournament, and all eyes will be on Djokovic as he takes the court on Monday.