article: (CNN) -- Baskin-Robbins is putting five of its signature 31 flavors in the deep freeze. The company, which has thousands of outlets around the globe, is replacing some old flavors with new ones to celebrate National Ice Cream Day in the U.S. on Sunday, and Baskin-Robbin's 65th anniversary. Caramel Praline Cheesecake, Campfire S'mores, Apple Pie a La Mode and Superfudge Truffle are leaving the list. French Vanilla, a staple since 1945, is out, too. Srinivas Kumar, chief brand officer at the company, said "over the decades we have retired some of our iconic flavors into our deep freeze -- like 'Miami Ice' from the 1980s and 'Beatlenut' in the 1960s -- but never before have five flavors gone into the deep freeze at one time." That's cold. And it's ice cream lovers in the United States who'll likely miss the flavors most. The Illinois-based National Ice Cream Retailer's Association says the U.S is the world's top ice cream-consuming nation. The U.S. ice cream industry generates more than $21 billion in annual sales, and about  9 percent of all the milk produced by U.S. dairy farmers is used to produce ice cream, according to the International Dairy Foods Association. There's no word yet on what the new Baskin-Robbins flavors will be. And as for the old ones -- get them while you can. They'll only be available as supplies last.
highlights: Baskin-Robbins is retiring five of its 31 flavors of ice cream . The flavor purge marks the company's 65th anniversary . French Vanilla and Caramel Praline Cheesecake are out . Sunday is National Ice Cream Day in the U.S.
id: 79df4158b2b92d6edd1a9febb1253f811d8d2a54
chatgpt: Baskin-Robbins, one of the leading ice cream makers in the United States, announced the retirement of five flavors as a part of its 65th anniversary celebrations. The move comes as the company plans to streamline its offerings and focus on its bestsellers. The five flavors that will no longer be offered include French Vanilla and Caramel Praline Cheesecake. The other three flavors are yet to be disclosed by the company. This has come as a disappointment for the fans of these flavors, who have expressed their concern on social media. Baskin-Robbins has been known for its diverse range of ice cream flavors, with a total of 31 flavors available. The company's decision to retire five of its flavors is part of a strategy to create a more focused and streamlined menu. The company is committed to providing its customers with the best possible selection of flavors, and this move is aimed at achieving that goal. The company's announcement coincides with National Ice Cream Day in the United States. This day is celebrated on the third Sunday of July every year. The holiday was established in 1984 by President Ronald Reagan to honor the sweet treat that has been a favorite of Americans for generations. Baskin-Robbins has been a part of National Ice Cream Day celebrations for decades, and this year is no different. In addition to retiring some of its flavors, the company is also offering a special deal to customers. Customers who buy a double scoop of ice cream will get a second one for free. While the retirement of some of Baskin-Robbins' flavors might be disappointing for some, the company's commitment to providing its customers with the best possible selection of flavors remains strong. This move is just one step in the company's ongoing efforts to innovate and create new and exciting flavors for years to come.