article: By . Kate Lyons . A Brisbane woman who indicated on her Centrelink form that she was in a 'friends with benefits' relationship with her housemate will be able to keep receiving Centrelink payments, a tribunal has ruled. The welfare agency tried to deny the 46-year-old woman her carer's allowance, because it believed she was in a romantic and financially dependent relationship with her housemate, with whom she admitted she sometimes had sex. This decision was overruled today by the Administrative Appeals Tribunal in Brisbane, who decreed that 'friends with benefits' did not count as a relationship and therefore the woman should have received her payments in full. A woman was refused Centrelink payments to pay for the care of her sick mother, because she wrote on the Centrelink form that she was in a 'friends with benefits' relationship with her housemate . The woman, known as Ms T, claimed an allowance in 2012 when she became the carer for her sick mother. Centrelink ruled she was ineligible because it believed that Mr D, her housemate, was Ms T's live-in-lover, meaning their combined income put her over the threshold to receive payments. Ms T appealed to the Administrative Appeals Tribunal claiming that while they sometimes slept together, she and Mr D were not exclusive and she often met other men through online dating sites for 'physical companionship'. She told the court that at the age of 46, with two failed relationships in her past, she wanted to 'enjoy her life', reported the Sydney Morning Herald. The tribunal ruled in favour of the woman, who claimed that since she and her housemate weren't committed she should keep receiving payments . Tribunal member Peter Wulf said that since Ms T and Mr D had separate rooms in the house, were financially independent and had no joint assets, there was no reason to believe they were in a relationship. 'Importantly, it was noted that at no time did Mr D support Ms T,' he said. He added that Ms T's openness about seeing other men also indicated the couple were not in a de facto relationship. 'When considering a normal de facto relationship it would be unusual, in the tribunal's opinion, for such actions to occur with such regularity.' However, Mr Wulf said Centrelink's confusion was understandable, because when filling out her forms Ms T indicated that she was part of a couple. In the section of the form where the applicant can indicate if they are married or de facto, Ms T wrote: 'friends with benefits.' The tribunal, which met at the Commonwealth Law Courts in Brisbane (pictured) ruled that Ms T should be paid the full amount, because she wasn't in a committed relationship with her housemate and he did not support her financially .
highlights: Woman, 46, applied for carer's benefits when her mother became sick . Woman wrote on her Centrelink form that she and her housemate were 'friends with benefits' Centrelink refused her claim, saying she was in a de facto relationship . She says they are not committed and she sees multiple men, whom she meets on online dating sites, for 'physical companionship'
id: 8687e3777f9e613018818cc287c94fe2bc13687d
chatgpt: A woman in Australia was denied carer's benefits after claiming that she and her housemate were "friends with benefits" on a Centrelink form. The 46-year-old woman applied for the benefit when her mother became sick, but was rejected by Centrelink. The reason given was that the woman was in a de facto relationship with her housemate. However, the woman insists that she is not in a committed relationship with her housemate, and only enjoys a casual physical relationship with him. She went on to state that she meets multiple men on online dating sites for "physical companionship." The woman, who wishes to remain anonymous, said she was "shocked" when her application was rejected by Centrelink, as she believed that her relationship status was not relevant to her claim for carer's benefits. She stated that her housemate was merely a friend who helped her out when her mother needed round-the-clock care. "I thought it was ridiculous that Centrelink would assume that I was in a de facto relationship just because I have a casual physical relationship with my housemate," the woman said. Centrelink's guidelines state that a de facto relationship exists when two people live together as a couple on a "genuine domestic basis." This includes "sharing money and financial support" and "mutual commitment and exclusivity." The woman claims that she does not share finances with her housemate and has a number of other sexual partners, which she believes is evidence that their relationship is not serious. However, Centrelink has refused to change its decision, stating that it stands by its assessment that the woman is in a de facto relationship with her housemate. "The department makes a decision on de facto relationships based on the evidence provided by the claimant," a Centrelink spokesperson said. "We take all factors into account, including financial matters, shared assets, and the nature of the relationship." The woman has now launched an appeal against Centrelink's decision, and is hoping that her case will be heard by an independent tribunal. "I feel like I'm being penalized for being honest on my application," the woman said. "I don't see why my relationship status should affect my claim for carer's benefits." The case highlights the complexities of defining and assessing de facto relationships, and the difficulties that can arise when individuals have non-traditional living arrangements. It remains to be seen whether the woman's appeal will be successful.