article: Susan Phillips illegally parked in one of 144 reserved yellow spaces at  Castlepoint shopping centre in Bournemouth, Dorset . A councillor has resigned from her role as equality and diversity champion after a rant about disabled parking spaces at a shopping centre was recorded. Susan Phillips said that there should be fewer disabled parking bays as people in wheelchairs ‘aren’t going to walk around’ and use the centre. Conservative Mrs Phillips was recorded making the controversial remarks to an operator as she paid off a £60 fine for parking in a disabled bay. She had illegally parked in one of the 144 reserved yellow spaces at the Castlepoint shopping centre in Bournemouth, Dorset. Although the car park has 2,800 bays in total, the town hall official claimed she spent 45 minutes trying to find a space before parking her Volkswagen Beetle in a disabled bay. When she returned to her car, Mrs Phillips found a parking ticket on her windscreen. In the recorded telephone call she had with an operator with Devere Parking Serices, shesaid: 'I actually feel when you have 12 bays all empty for disabled, and I drove around for three quarters of an hour trying to park and couldn’t, I find that people who are disabled basically, they aren’t going to walk around and I think they have far too many disabled parking bays.' Mrs Phillips stuck to her views and later said: 'I would say disabled people who drive perhaps don’t frequent the likes of Castlepoint because it’s so far to walk everywhere. 'There were 10 or 12 disabled spaces free and I was driving around and around but I know that doesn’t make it OK. Scroll down to hear Susan Phillips' call to parking services . Mrs Phillips, a Tory councillor, said that there should be fewer disabled parking bays as people in wheelchairs 'aren't going to walk around' and use the Castlepoint shopping centre (file picture) 'I was against the clock that day. You do the crime and you pay the bill and I should not have parked there. 'I was very upset about what I’d done, I’ve never parked in a disabled space before.' Helen Dolphin, a spokeswoman for Disabled Motoring UK, said Mrs Phillips’ comments ‘show how little she knows about the needs of disabled people in her area'. She said: 'The fact that they won’t be walking around is probably correct as they will probably be in wheelchairs or mobility scooters. 'That’s not to say there won’t also be disabled people walking around. 'It might be that at other times those disabled parking spaces are packed.' Mrs Phillips has worked as Bournemouth Borough Council’s champion for equality and diversity since May. She voiced her controversial views despite having undergone training for the role. Although the car park has 2,800 bays in total, the town hall official claimed she spent 45 minutes trying to find a space before parking her Volkswagen Beetle in a disabled bay .
highlights: Susan Phillips illegally parked in one of 144 reserved yellow spaces at  Castlepoint shopping centre in Bournemouth, Dorset . She said there should be . fewer disabled parking bays as people in wheelchairs ‘aren’t going to . walk around’ and use the centre . Made remarks to operator as she paid £60 . fine for parking in disabled bay .
id: 8759241cee1ace7b26633179c9694079cb12893f
chatgpt: A woman named Susan Phillips caused controversy in Bournemouth when she decided to illegally park her car in one of the 144 reserved yellow spaces at Castlepoint shopping center. The spaces are specifically designated for individuals with disabilities, but Phillips felt there were too many and made her opinions known to the parking operator when she paid her £60 fine. Phillips felt that there should be fewer disabled parking bays because people in wheelchairs "aren't going to walk around" and thus do not need as many reserved spaces in the shopping center's car park. Her remarks drew criticism from disability advocates and others who felt that her comment was insensitive and demonstrated a lack of understanding of the challenges faced by individuals with disabilities. Castlepoint's management issued a statement clarifying that the number of reserved parking spaces for disabled individuals was based on government regulations and that the shopping center was committed to ensuring that all visitors had access to a safe and comfortable parking experience. The statement also emphasized that the shopping center had received numerous complaints about the difficulties individuals with disabilities faced when finding parking and that the reserved bays were an important way to address those concerns. Phillips' actions and comments highlight a broader issue around accessibility and inclusion in public spaces. Disability advocates have long pushed for greater awareness and understanding of the unique needs of individuals living with physical and mental disabilities, including ensuring that public spaces are designed and operated with those needs in mind.  In particular, reserved parking spaces are an important way to ensure that individuals with disabilities can access vital services and amenities, such as shopping centers and medical facilities. The government has worked hard to enforce laws and regulations to make sure that disabled people receive fair treatment and equal access to public spaces. One of these regulations is the provision of disabled parking bays through the ground rules of the Disability Discrimination Act.   Phillips' comments reflect a common misunderstanding of the challenges faced by disabled individuals in public spaces. While it is true that not all individuals in wheelchairs can walk long distances, it is also true that many individuals living with disabilities face serious challenges navigating public spaces that are not designed with their needs in mind. Moreover, the fact that Phillips made her remarks to the parking operator when paying her fine suggests a lack of awareness of the broader impact of her actions. Parking in a reserved disabled spot not only puts individuals with disabilities at risk of not being able to access the services they need but also can lead to fines and inconvenience for other drivers. The incident at Castlepoint highlights the need for greater education and awareness around the experiences of individuals with disabilities in public spaces. By listening to their needs and designing spaces with their needs in mind, we can create a more inclusive and accessible society for all. In the meantime, it is incumbent upon all of us to respect the laws and regulations designed to protect individuals with disabilities and ensure their equal access to public spaces.