article: By . Sam Adams . PUBLISHED: . 05:14 EST, 8 April 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 02:27 EST, 10 April 2013 . Accusations: Intimate details of the early life of Spain's Princess Letizia are set to be revealed in a new book . Spain's royal family faces fresh embarrassment as a new book accuses the wife of the heir to the throne of covering up an abortion. The book about Princess Letizia was written by her cousin David . Rocasolano, and includes intimate information about her life before she married Crown Prince Felipe in 2004. It claims Princess Letizia allegedly had an abortion in 2002 - before she met the Crown Prince - and that she tried to cover this up before her engagement was announced, the Telegraph reports. Princess Letizia, a former newsreader and divorcee, allegedly asked for paperwork detailing the abortion to be destroyed, according to the book. Mr . Rocasolano said he was asked by the Princess and Prince Felipe to carry out the task. The abortion is alleged to have taken place at a time when terminations were still illegal in Spain - unless . there was abnormality or the mother's life or mental well being were significantly threatened. It comes at a difficult time for the . royal family after Princess Cristina - Crown Prince Felipe's sister - . was made a suspect in a fraud case. The book, called 'Adios Princesa,’ is believed to portray the Princess as an 'obsessive' person who is suspicious of her relatives. It claims the Princess, 40, thought one of her family had been leaking stories about her to the press and that she told some of them she was pregnant with a boy in 2005 - when she was actually pregnant with a girl - to test this out, according to the Telegraph. Princess Letizia was criticized by some in Spain when she married Crown Prince Felipe as she was a divorcee and a commoner. Accusations: The princess (left) is accused of having an abortion before she met Crown Prince Felipe (far right, pictured here with UN secretary general Ban Ki-moon and his wife at Pardo Palace in Madrid) Greeting: Prince Charles kisses Princess Letizia's hand during a visit to Madrid (Prince Felipe is to her right). The book - written by her cousin - also alleges she tried to cover up the termination . Demands have been made for an investigation into the allegations - which could further damage the royal family's public image. A spokesman for the family said it had no comment to make on the book. Princess Cristina, 47 - one of King Juan Carlos's three children - will be called in for questioning later this month, a court in Palma de Mallorca has announced. She . will be quizzed over claims her husband Inaki Urdangarin, 45, and his . former business partner Diego Torres, 47, embezzled cash from public . funds. Support for having a monarchy in Spain has fallen to a historic low of 54 per cent, according to a poll published in January, the Telegraph reports.
highlights: Book entitled 'Adios Princesa' was written by Princess Letizia's cousin . Claims she had abortion before her engagement to Crown Prince Felipe . She is also accused of trying to cover up the termination .
id: d3f530dbe0184fd83df6c2e9f0366fe80be7279b
chatgpt: A new book entitled 'Adios Princesa' has created controversy in Spain after making some explosive claims about Princess Letizia, the wife of Crown Prince Felipe. The book, written by the Princess's cousin, David Rocasolano, alleges that Letizia had an abortion before her engagement to the Crown Prince, and further suggests that she tried to cover up the pregnancy and subsequent termination. The book is quickly gaining notoriety in Spain due to the sensational nature of its claims, and for the fact that the author is a member of the royal family himself. Rocasolano has stated that the motivation behind his writing the book was to provide a true account of his cousin's life, rather than the sanitized and polished image that the royal family has worked to cultivate. In the book, Rocasolano describes in detail the events leading up to Letizia's engagement to Crown Prince Felipe in 2003. He claims that Letizia became pregnant by her boyfriend at the time, but that the pregnancy was terminated in order to avoid a scandal in the conservative Spanish society. Rocasolano also claims that the Princess tried to hide the fact that she had undergone an abortion by telling friends and family that she had suffered a miscarriage. The allegations made by Rocasolano have sparked a fierce debate in Spain about the role and responsibility of the media when it comes to the private lives of public figures. Critics of the book claim that such personal details about the Princess's life should not be made public, while supporters argue that the public has a right to know about the actions of the royal family, especially if they involve illegal or unethical behavior. The book has also raised questions about the social and political climate in Spain, where abortion is legal but still considered taboo in many circles. Some commentators have pointed out the double standard at play, wherein Letizia is being criticized for having an abortion, while male members of the royal family who have been involved in extramarital affairs and other scandals have escaped similar scrutiny. Despite the controversy surrounding it, 'Adios Princesa' has been a commercial success, selling out within hours of its release. The royal family has declined to comment on the allegations made in the book, and it remains to be seen how the public will react to these new revelations. The release of 'Adios Princesa' has once again highlighted the problematic nature of the relationship between the media and the royal family. While the public has a legitimate interest in the lives of public figures, especially those who are supported by taxpayer money, it is important to balance this with the right to privacy and respect for personal boundaries. The legacy of this book may serve as a cautionary tale for both the media and the royal family as they navigate the often treacherous waters of public opinion.