article: Romelu Lukaku has been offered to Atletico Madrid as part of Chelsea’s attempts to seal a deal for Diego Costa. But it is understood the Belgian will have to overcome his reservations about moving to Spain because of the risk of racist abuse and the soft punishment Villarreal received when a fan threw a banana at Dani Alves. Costa is Jose Mourinho’s prime transfer target this summer and the Chelsea manager wants business concluded quickly. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Jose Mourinho: Now is not the time to discuss Romelu . Bait: Lukaku, on loan at Everton this term, could be used in a deal to bring Diego Costa to Chelsea . Top target: Chelsea have begun talks with Atletico Madrid and Spain striker Diego Costa . Quickfire: The Brazilian-born goal machine is a major target for a number of large European clubs . The 25-year-old, who is expected to make the Spain squad for the World Cup, has scored 27 goals this season but has a buy-out clause in his contract of about £32million. Chelsea are exploring ways of agreeing a deal and Lukaku has been put forward as an option for part-exchange. The 21-year-old, brought to Stamford Bridge for £18m from Anderlecht in 2011, has scored 16 goals on loan at Everton this season and looks to have no future at Chelsea. He engaged in a war of words with Mourinho at the end of last year with the pair at odds about the manner of his temporary departure. Lukaku suggested it had been his manager’s idea, while the Portuguese hinted at the opposite. Deadwood: Lukaku is not wanted by Jose Mourinho at Chelsea, and could be on his way to Spain . Lukaku then said he would like to stay at Everton for another season, but Mourinho responded by insisting he would decide the player’s fate. Now, with Mourinho wanting a more experienced figure spearheading his team, Lukaku is being offered as a makeweight. But despite Atletico’s pole position in La Liga and place in the Champions League final, Spain’s repeated controversies with racism have made Lukaku reluctant to join the club. Villarreal were fined just under £10,000 after a supporter threw a banana at Barcelona full-back Alves, who then sparked an internet craze by picking up the fruit and taking a bite. Weak punishment: Villarreal were fined just under £10,000 after a supporter threw a banana on the pitch .
highlights: Romelu Lukaku not wanted by boss Jose Mourinho . Diego Costa has begun talks with Chelsea ahead of a move this summer . Lukaku scored 16 goals on loan at Everton this season . But Belgian has some reservations about recent racist abuse in La Liga .
id: b03c1d46964f86d2b8acd0f5f3093ddcb6615350
chatgpt: In what may come as a surprise to many football fans, Romelu Lukaku may not have a future at Manchester United after all, despite his impressive loan stint at Everton. According to reports, boss Jose Mourinho may look to part ways with the Belgian striker. During his loan stint at Everton, Lukaku scored 16 goals in the Premier League this season, making him one of the most sought-after strikers in Europe. However, it appears as though the striker may not fit into Mourinho's plans for next season, and there's a chance he may be on his way out of Old Trafford. But it seems that Lukaku may not be too disappointed with the news, as it appears he has some reservations about playing in Spain, following the recent racist abuse he received in La Liga. It's unclear whether this will affect his future plans, but it's possible that he may look to stay in the Premier League. Meanwhile, Chelsea are said to be in talks with Diego Costa, who is currently with Atletico Madrid. Costa has reportedly already spoken with Chelsea, and it appears as though the club are keen on bringing the striker back to Stamford Bridge. Costa was a key player during his time at Chelsea, having played a crucial role in the title-winning season a few years back. His physical style of play was admired by the fans, and he quickly became a fan favourite. If the move does go ahead, it will be interesting to see how Costa fits into Antonio Conte’s plans. The Italian manager has already shown that he’s not afraid to mix things up, as he’s experimented with different formations throughout the season. Overall, it’s been a busy season for Premier League strikers. With Lukaku’s future uncertain and Costa potentially making a return to Chelsea, it’s clear that there will be some changes afoot in the league next season. Football fans will be eagerly anticipating the start of the new season to see how things play out on the pitch.