article: Jordan Henderson is adamant he can handle the pressure of being Liverpool’s second-in-command thanks to the baptism of fire he received on Merseyside. The England midfielder has made giant strides since he turned down a move to Fulham in August 2012 and was rewarded by Brendan Rodgers last Friday, when he was appointed vice-captain in the wake of Daniel Agger’s departure. Henderson will one day be expected to take over Steven Gerrard’s mantle and ahead of Saturday’s trip to West Ham, the 24-year-old says he could not wish for a better man to be educated by and hailed the skipper’s influence. Jordan Henderson is confident he can handle the pressure of being Liverpool's  vice captain . The midfielder says he has learnt a huge amount from the club's legendary skipper Steven Gerrard . ‘I have learned from players all around me but he has been a massive influence on my career,’ said Henderson. ‘I try and learn everything that I can from him because he has not only been the best leader for Liverpool and England, he’s probably been the best leader in football in general. ‘I’ve got no better man to learn from. Stevie just said congratulations to me. He told me that I had worked hard and deserved it, it meant a lot coming from him. I think it shows how much I have progressed.’ Henderson joined Liverpool in 2011 from Sunderland but started slowly and nearly left Anfield soon after . The 24-year-old has come on leaps and bounds and is now a regular starter for Roy Hodgson's England team . Rodgers, meanwhile, has no concerns about Adam Lallana’s form since he returned to the starting line-up and believes the £23million midfielder will show why Liverpool made such a big investment in him this summer when he is fully fit. Lallana missed six weeks after damaging medial ligaments during a training session in Boston in July but Rodgers said: ‘It was always going to be difficult however way you look at it, coming into a new club. ‘For the likes of Adam, he missed pre-season. ‘Even without that there is going to be a six-month settling in period. But he’ s settled very well and loves the club. Once he gets his match fitness he’ll be very good.’ Adam Lallana has made an indifferent start to his Reds career after joining from Southampton for £23million . Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers (left), pictured at training this week, says Lallana must be given time .
highlights: Jordan Henderson was named Liverpool's vice-captain last week . The midfielder is expected to become skipper once Steven Gerrard retires . Henderson says the Liverpool legend has been a major influence on him . Brendan Rodgers has backed Adam Lallana to justify his £23m price tag . The Reds are 8th in the Premier League and travel to West Ham on Saturday .
id: e1216c9f08d62e6fecc3282e0006de1063eb5506
chatgpt: Liverpool midfielder Jordan Henderson, who was named the club's vice-captain last week, is expected to take over as skipper once Steven Gerrard retires at the end of the season. Henderson recently spoke about the Liverpool legend's influence on him. "I have always looked up to Stevie and tried to learn as much as I can from him," said Henderson. "He has been a massive influence on my career and I'm sure he will continue to be in the future." Although Liverpool are currently struggling in the Premier League, Brendan Rodgers has backed new signing Adam Lallana to justify his £23 million price tag. Lallana was signed from Southampton over the summer and has yet to make a major impact for the Reds. "I have no doubts about Adam," said Rodgers. "He is a fantastic player and he will be a great addition to our squad. It may take him some time to adjust to our system, but I am confident that he will come good." Liverpool are currently in eighth place in the Premier League, having won just two of their first six league games. They face a tough away trip to West Ham on Saturday, and manager Brendan Rodgers will be hoping for a positive result to kick-start their season. "We know that West Ham are a tough team to beat, especially at home," said Rodgers. "But we have a good record against them and we will be looking to build on that." Liverpool will be without the suspended Daniel Sturridge, who was sent off in their last game against Manchester United. Divock Origi is likely to start up front in his place. Despite their slow start to the season, Liverpool fans remain optimistic about their team's chances. They are hoping that Henderson and Lallana can step up and fill the void left by Gerrard's impending departure. "Losing Stevie will be a big blow, but I think we have enough quality in our squad to cope," said Liverpool fan James Smith. "I believe that Jordan and Adam can lead us to success in the future." Liverpool will need to start winning games soon if they are to challenge for a top-four spot this season. Saturday's game against West Ham will be a good test of their credentials, and fans will be hoping for a strong performance from their team.