article: By . Ryan Gorman . Another Bush may be running for president. Former Florida Governor Jeb Bush left the door open to running when asked this week if he was considering a 2016 bid on the Republican ticket. ‘The decision will be based on, can I do it joyfully, because I think we need to have candidates lift our spirits,’ he told local media gathered Wednesday during an appearance at a suburban Miami school, according to WFOR. Will he or won't he?: Former Florida Governor Jeb Bush was non-committal about whether or not he would run in 2016 during a school visit this week . Jeb Bush is the son of 41st President George H.W. Bush and brother of 43rd President George W. Bush – family matriarch Barbara Bush said last year when asked about a potential run by son Jeb that ‘we've had enough Bushes.’ Those remarks and a surge in popularity by New Jersey Republican Governor Chris Christie led many to believe Jeb Bush wasn’t eying a run at the Oval Office. But the last there months have changed things. Mr Christie’s popularity has begun to fall as he endures multiple scandals related to lane closures on the George Washington Bridge and tying Superstorm Sandy aid owed to Hoboken to the approval of real estate projects. With no clear frontrunner, Jeb Bush might have a clear path to at least the Republican nomination were he to run. 'Can I do it joyfully?': Jeb Bush says that unless he can uplift the spirits of the voters, he will not run . ‘I’m going to think about it (running for president) later,’ said Jeb Bush. ‘I don’t wake up each day saying, ‘what am I going to do today to make this decision? ‘I’m deferring the decision to the right time which is later this year and the decision will be based on, can I do it joyfully, because I think we need to have candidates lift our spirits,’ he continued. ‘It’s a pretty pessimistic country right now; and, is it right for my family? So I don’t even want to think about that till it’s the right time and that’s later on,’ he added. Other potential candidates whose names have been floated round include Kentucky Senator Rand Paul and fellow Floridian Marco Rubio. 'I love her': The youngest Bush son said he loves mother Barbara Bush despite her saying she hopes he doesn't run for president . Former first lady Barbara Bush said, despite her reservations, that ‘Jeb is the best qualified person to run.’ When asked about his mother’s remarks about another presidential run by the family, Jeb Bush replied that ‘she is 89 years old and if you have elderly parents or grandparents, you know they speak their mind. ‘There is not much stopping between thinking and speaking,’ he continued. ‘I love her.’
highlights: Jeb Bush is the son of former President George H.W. Bush and brother to George W. Bush . The former Florida Governor would be vying for the Republican nomination in the 2016 campaign . He said he will decide at a later date about whether to run .
id: 01b171137d9dcd191b4e7933dea433d3c4b70ee3
chatgpt: Jeb Bush, the son of former US President George H.W. Bush and younger brother of former President George W. Bush, has recently hinted that he may run for the Republican nomination in the 2016 campaign. The former Governor of Florida, who served from 1999 to 2007, is seen as a potential frontrunner in the race, but has yet to make a definitive decision on the issue. Bush has long been a prominent figure in the Republican Party, having previously served as Secretary of Commerce under his father's administration and playing a key role in his brother's presidential campaigns. However, he has distanced himself from some of the more controversial policies of the Bush family in recent years, particularly on issues such as immigration and education. Despite this, Bush has not completely ruled out the possibility of running for president himself. In a recent interview with CNN, he said he was "thinking about running" and would make a final decision in the near future. However, he also acknowledged that there were several factors he needed to consider before taking the plunge, including the impact his candidacy would have on his family life. "I'm gauging whether I can do this joyfully," he said. "I'm not going to do it if I can't." If Bush were to run, he would likely face significant competition for the Republican nomination. Several high-profile candidates have already declared their intention to run, including Senators Ted Cruz, Rand Paul, and Marco Rubio, as well as former Governors Mike Huckabee and Rick Perry. Other potential contenders include former Vice Presidential nominee Paul Ryan and businessman Donald Trump. Despite this crowded field, Bush has some clear advantages that could make him a strong contender. He has a deep well of experience in both government and politics, as well as a strong fundraising network and a well-established brand within the Republican Party. He is also seen as a relative moderate compared to some of the more extreme candidates in the field, which could make him an attractive choice for voters who are wary of the party's rightward shift in recent years. Of course, there are also several obstacles that Bush would need to overcome in order to secure the nomination. He has faced criticism from some quarters for his support of Common Core education standards and his relatively moderate stance on immigration reform. He also faces a potentially difficult battle for support from the party's conservative base, which has become increasingly disillusioned with establishment politicians in recent years. Despite these challenges, however, Bush remains confident that he can win the nomination and ultimately the presidency. He has pledged to run a positive, issues-focused campaign that emphasizes his record of leadership in Florida and his commitment to conservative principles. "I'm going to run with heart," he said in his CNN interview. "I'm going to run to win, not just to compete." Only time will tell whether Jeb Bush ultimately decides to throw his hat into the ring for the 2016 presidential race. But regardless of his decision, he is sure to remain a prominent figure in American politics for years to come.