article: (CNN) -- Never let it be said that Formula One driver Kimi Raikkonen is lacking in confidence. Although he managed to finish third last season, the Finn was still a whopping 74 points behind world champion Sebastian Vettel, but former world champion Raikkonen remains confident that Lotus can challenge the sport's elite in the coming season. "It's clear from working with them that they are racers, and you can see in their history that they've won championships," the 33-year-old driver, who won the drivers' championship with Ferrari in 2007, told Lotus' official website as the team became the first to unveil its new 2013 car this week. The Finn made his return to F1 in 2012 after a two-year absence and propelled his Lotus car towards the front of the grid, grabbing a win at the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix on his way to finishing third in the drivers' championship. "Nothing I saw last year made me think that another championship was impossible in the future," added Raikkonen. "Of course, there is some pretty tough competition out there and everyone wants to win. "The team have beaten everyone before and there's nothing to say they can't do it again." Many observers were surprised to see Raikkonen, who spent time racing in NASCAR and the World Rally Championship during his two-year absence, return to F1 and enjoy immediate success despite being a veteran of 19 previous grands prix wins. But Raikkonen never lost doubt in his own ability as a driver. "I knew I could still perform well in Formula 1 given the right opportunity," the Finn continued. "It was only other people who had doubts. "There will be a new car which we'll want to develop and get working at its best. There are always changes in the sport; some small, some big. Generally everything's pretty similar, and the feeling of racing on track is pretty familiar." Raikkonen is entering the final year of his contract with the British-based team, but he is yet to sit down and discuss his future. "I'm not really thinking beyond this season at the moment, but I'm sure there will be talk before the end of the year," said Raikkonen, who will turn 34 in October. "I enjoyed my comeback to Formula One last year and there's no reason to say I shouldn't enjoy the 2013 season too. I know there will be big changes to the cars and regulations for 2014, so who's to say that won't be exciting." Raikkonen and his teammate Romain Grosjean will both be on the track for the season-opening Australian Grand Prix on March 17.
highlights: Kimi Raikkonen says he can win the world champions with Lotus . The Finn was crowned drivers' champion with Ferrari in 2007 . Raikkonen finished 2012 in third position, behind Sebastian Vettel and Fernando Alonso . His current deal with Lotus expires at the end of the season .
id: af2faa9580088778af58e8e0ae00ecc3ca5170d2
chatgpt: Kimi Raikkonen, the Finnish Formula One driver, believes that he can add to his one world championship title and do so with his current team, Lotus. Raikkonen, who won the championship in 2007 with Ferrari, finished third in the 2012 drivers' standings, behind Sebastian Vettel and Fernando Alonso. The 33-year old driver is in the final year of his contract with Lotus, where he has been racing since his return to the sport in 2012 after a two-year break. Despite questions surrounding his future with the team, Raikkonen remains optimistic about his chances of winning another world championship with Lotus. "I think we have a good chance," Raikkonen said in an interview. "We made some mistakes last year and we still finished third, so if we can have a good year with no mistakes then we have a chance to win." Raikkonen's return to F1 in 2012 was a success as he recorded a victory in Abu Dhabi and picked up podium finishes in six other races. His consistency, which saw him finish in the points in 19 of the 20 races and clinch third in the championship, was impressive. The Finn is known for his cool-headed approach to racing and his ability to extract the maximum from his car, even when the conditions are less than ideal. However, he will need to be at his very best if he is to challenge the likes of Vettel and Alonso, who have won the last four championships between them. Despite the competition, Raikkonen is confident in his abilities and those of his team. "We've shown that we can be competitive and we can win races," he said. "We just need to put everything together and hopefully we can have a good year." Raikkonen will be hoping to kick off his season in style at the Australian Grand Prix in Melbourne on March 17. The conditions are notoriously difficult at the Albert Park circuit, but Raikkonen remains unperturbed. "It's a challenging track and the weather can play a big part, but we're ready for whatever comes our way," he said. "The main thing is to focus on ourselves and make sure we get everything right." Raikkonen's future beyond this season remains uncertain, but he is not concerned about it at this stage. "I'm just focused on this year and doing the best I can for Lotus," he said. "We'll see what happens in the future." Raikkonen remains one of the most popular drivers on the grid, with his no-nonsense attitude and dry sense of humour endearing him to fans across the world. If he can deliver another world championship with Lotus, he will cement his status as one of the sport's greats.