article: By . Joshua Gardner . Are you afraid of the future? That's the gist of what a new Pew study out Thursday asked Americans. And the answer looks like no. Though there are plenty of exceptions, Americans said they generally embrace the future of science and technology. However, a majority of Americans have a negative view of many up-and-coming technologies like drones, cybernetic implants or worn technologies like Google Glass and DNA modification for humans. Sorry Google Glass, the verdict is in and a majority of Americans find cyborg-like devices and implants too creepy . They may be a boon for the folks at Amazon but most Americans think drones are worrisome addition to our skies . Google is also out of luck with it's driverless car, says the recent Pew study, which found that 50 percent wouldn't even get inside . One example of where respondents to the Pew Research Center study was the driverless car. Google wants us all to have our very own and laws are even springing up to help pave the way. But Pew found that 50 percent of Americans would not get inside one. Also related to the tech giant was the finding that 53 percent think a future where people wear or implant technology that constantly feeds them information would be change for the worse. Sorry Google Glass! Another internet company, Amazon, will be interested to hear Pew's finding that 63 percent of Americans say opening U.S. airspace to drones is a bad idea. While scientists recently managed to grow a hamburger in vitro, a huge 80 percent of Americans say they would decline to eat it. The Pew Research shows that Americans overall have a rosie view of technologies overall, but certain developments--even those we're on the cusp of making--have them worried . Seems unlikely: A surprising 39 percent of Americans think teleportation could happen in their lifetimes . And 66 percent feel that giving parents the ability to alter their baby's DNA to make them smarter, healthier or more athletic would be a dangerous thing. Despite their trepidations, 59 percent of Americans think technological changes in general will have a positive effect on society. Unlike food, we're comfortable with lab grown organs at least in as much as 80 percent of adults believe such things will be improving our lives within 50 years. But plenty of potential advancements that have become sci-fi staples just don't seem likely as much as we'd like them to come to be. A surprising 39 percent of adults think scientitists will have invented teleportation in 50 years. A healthy 56 percent have their doubts. Sixty-four percent think long-term space colonies are too far fetched and back on earth, 77 percent doubt we'll be controlling the weather in 50 years. Life outside of earth seems on the horizon for 33 percent of respondents . Most doubt we'll be zapping away hurricanes any time soon .
highlights: Many Americans are deeply wary of many of the technologies we're at the cusp of reaching . Meanwhile, 6 in 10 Americans say future advancements will lead to a better life for people .
id: 5267715b7a4fb4e100e28d713d97119ce8e5b5a7
chatgpt: As technology continues to rapidly advance, many Americans are becoming increasingly hesitant about the new developments. Despite the benefits that emerging technologies may offer, many Americans feel uneasy about the long-term implications of these advancements. According to recent polls, six out of ten Americans believe that future advancements will lead to a better life for people. However, this same poll also revealed that many Americans have deep reservations about specific technologies, such as artificial intelligence (AI) and genetic engineering. This unease is not entirely unfounded. Many people worry about the potential impact that AI could have on employment, and whether robots could eventually replace human workers en masse. Additionally, there are serious ethical concerns surrounding genetic engineering, particularly when it comes to the creation of so-called "designer babies." Despite these concerns, many experts believe that the benefits of emerging technologies will ultimately outweigh the risks. For example, AI could lead to major breakthroughs in medicine and other fields, while genetic engineering could help eradicate diseases and improve the quality of life for people around the world. However, in order to fully realize the potential of these technologies, it's crucial that we address the concerns that many Americans have about their implications. This will require a comprehensive conversation about the potential benefits and risks of emerging technologies, as well as an open and honest dialogue about the values and ethics that should guide their development. One of the key challenges facing policymakers and tech experts is how to address the concerns of the public while still pushing forward with innovation. It's not enough to simply dismiss these concerns as unfounded or irrational; instead, we need to take them seriously and work to find solutions that address them. For example, one potential solution could be to institute regulations and guidelines that help ensure the ethical development of new technologies. This could involve setting up oversight committees to review new technologies and ensure that they are being developed in a responsible and ethical manner. Another approach could be to invest in education and public outreach campaigns that help raise awareness about emerging technologies and their potential benefits and risks. By empowering people with information, we can help ensure that they are better equipped to make informed decisions about these technologies and their implications. Ultimately, if we are to fully realize the potential of emerging technologies, we need to work together to address the concerns that many Americans have about their implications. By doing so, we can ensure that these technologies are developed in a responsible and ethical manner, and that they truly do lead to a better life for people around the world.