article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 19:26 EST, 6 October 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 19:26 EST, 6 October 2012 . As a teenager with Hot Gossip, she sang I Lost My Heart To  A Starship Trooper – and this week Sarah Brightman will announce she is to become  a cosmonaut herself. Ms Brightman, 52, plans to join a Russian Soyuz spacecraft going to the International Space Station (ISS). The trip is said to be costing the star, who was once married to Andrew Lloyd Webber, about £5 million – although one estimate has put it as high as £20 million. Boldly going: Classical singer Sarah Brightman will undergo six months training to go into space . Russian space agency sources said that the world’s biggest-selling soprano, who is worth £30 million, secretly visited Moscow last month and ‘successfully completed all the necessary medical  tests and checks’. Ms Brightman’s flight is likely to be in 2014 or 2015 and she will undergo at least six months of intensive training at Russia’s restricted Star City, where all cosmonauts are prepared for flights. She is likely to spend between ten days and two weeks in space. Starship trouper: The Soyuz TMA-12 spacecraft, similar to the one Ms Brightman will board, approaches the International Space Station . On its return to Earth, her space capsule will parachute down to the steppes of Kazakhstan. She will be the eighth fare-paying passenger, but only the second woman, to go to the ISS. Several astronauts reportedly have volunteered for the yearlong mission. Sarah is the world's richest female classical performer. An English classical crossover soprano, actress, songwriter and dancer, Brightman is famous for possessing a vocal range of over three octaves. She has also sung in many languages, including English, Spanish, French, Latin, German, Italian, Russian, Mandarin Chinese and Japanese.
highlights: Space flight looks likely to launch in 2014 or 2015 and she will undergo at least six months of training . Brightman will be eighth farepaying passenger, but only the second woman to go to the International Space Station .
id: 4ffdbfb6f1d75bb1ca13193255b6a2cf01af39a0
chatgpt: Sarah Brightman, the British singer-songwriter and actress, has secured a ticket to travel to the International Space Station (ISS) with the Russian space program. Reports suggest that the space flight is likely to launch in 2014 or 2015, giving Brightman ample time to prepare. The singer is expected to undergo at least six months of training before embarking on the journey of a lifetime, which would make her the eighth farepaying passenger to visit the ISS. Notably, Brightman would also be only the second woman to visit the space station. Brightman's space flight aspirations are no secret - in fact, she has been vocal about her fascination with space travel for years. The singer has previously described the prospect of experiencing weightlessness and floating in space as a "life-changing" opportunity. However, gaining a seat on a space mission is no easy feat. Tickets for space flights are notoriously expensive, with some estimates putting the cost of a single launch in the range of tens of millions of dollars. This has made space travel a prohibitively expensive venture for most people, with only a handful of private citizens ever securing a spot on a space mission. It is unclear how much Brightman paid for her seat on the ISS, but reports suggest that she has undergone rigorous medical tests to determine her readiness for space travel. She will join a select group of space tourists that have included the likes of Dennis Tito, Anousheh Ansari and Guy Laliberté. Despite the high cost and rigorous training required for space travel, many people are still captivated by the idea of space tourism. As more commercial spaceflight companies emerge and expand their offerings, it is likely that more people will have the opportunity to experience space travel in the future. For now, however, Brightman is preparing to embark on a journey that is the stuff of dreams for many people. With her space flight likely just a few years away, the singer is undoubtedly counting down the days until she gets to experience space travel firsthand.