article: By . Huge Duncan Economics Correspondent . PUBLISHED: . 21:01 EST, 17 July 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 02:49 EST, 18 July 2013 . Glum times: Chancellor George Osborne has outlined austerity lasting until 2017-18 to wipe out the deficit racked up by Labour, but further savings of £60billion would be required . Britain faces further tax rises and spending cuts totalling nearly £60billion to get the creaking  public finances back under control, the Treasury watchdog warned yesterday. The Office for Budget Responsibility said decades of austerity are required on top of the £153billion measures already planned to return the ballooning national debt to pre-recession levels. ‘It is clear that longer-term spending pressures, if unaddressed, would put finances on an unsustainable path,’ said chairman Robert Chote. Mr Chote added that future governments faced ‘difficult choices’ to tackle the costs ‘of an ageing population and upward pressure on health spending’. George Osborne has outlined austerity lasting until 2017-18 to wipe out the deficit racked up by Labour. His plans were backed yesterday by the board of the International Monetary Fund, who disagreed with recent criticism of the cuts by the organisation’s chief economist. But the OBR said further savings – possibly as much as £57billion – would be required after that to defuse the financial time bomb caused by the ageing population and soaring cost of the NHS. It means the main political parties will go into the 2020 general election with the prospect of years of austerity ahead of them. In its Fiscal Sustainability Report, published annually to examine the long-term outlook for the public finances, the OBR said it expected the national debt to fall from 85 per cent of national income in 2017-18 to 66 per cent in the early 2030s as the economy picks up. But it warned that the national debt will start rising again and reach 99 per cent of gross domestic product by 2063 as longer life expectancies drive up the cost of pensions, health and social care. ‘This would clearly be unsustainable,’ it said in the report. The Office for Budget Responsibility's Robert . Chote warned future governments faced ‘difficult choices’ to tackle the costs ‘of an ageing population and upward pressure on health spending’ Allowing 140,000 immigrants of working age into Britain each year would help meet these care costs by boosting employment and tax receipts, the OBR concluded. Carl Emmerson, of the Institute for Fiscal Studies, said there will be little space for extra spending even after the current crisis is resolved. ‘Significant giveaways any time soon are looking unlikely,’ he said. Meanwhile, Ed Balls has backtracked on his apology for the Labour government’s economic failure. The shadow chancellor had admitted it was partly Labour’s fault that control of the City was too weak, but he said yesterday it was ‘a load of tosh’ that his party’s lack of financial regulation allowed the global crisis to take hold.
highlights: £153bn of planned savings not enough to return to pre-recession debt . Long-term dangers cannot be ignore, Office for Budget Responsibility says . Further savings needed to defuse timebomb of ageing population .
id: 32b88250864f5b8b9e6ec2bb7be3e7be4743aaa8
chatgpt: According to the Office for Budget Responsibility (OBR), the UK government's planned savings of £153bn are not enough to bring the country's debt levels back to pre-recession levels. The OBR has raised concerns over the long-term dangers of the country's debt and has warned that the savings made so far are not enough to defuse the "timebomb" of an ageing population. The OBR's latest report reveals that the UK's debt has reached 100% of its GDP, a level not seen since the 1960s. The report also warns that the UK's ageing population is likely to put further pressure on the country's finances in the coming years, and that urgent action is needed to address the problem. The report states that the planned savings of £153bn are a step in the right direction, but more needs to be done to address the underlying issues driving the UK's debt. The OBR has called for a "comprehensive strategy" to address the long-term dangers of the UK's ageing population, including measures to increase productivity and encourage greater labour force participation. Commenting on the report, Chancellor Rishi Sunak acknowledged the challenges facing the UK's finances, but argued that the government was taking the necessary steps to address the problem. He stated that the government was committed to fiscal responsibility and would take action to ensure that the country's finances were on a sustainable footing. However, some experts have questioned whether the government's planned savings will be sufficient to address the problem. The Institute for Fiscal Studies (IFS) has argued that the savings made so far are "modest" compared to the scale of the problem, and that further action is needed to bring the UK's finances back under control. The IFS has also warned that the UK's ageing population is a major challenge that needs to be addressed urgently. The organisation has called for a "radical rethink" of the country's approach to social care, including increased funding to cope with rising demand and greater investment in preventative measures. The government has acknowledged the need for action on social care, and has pledged to address the issue in its upcoming Social Care Green Paper. However, some experts have argued that the government's proposals do not go far enough, and that more needs to be done to tackle the problem. Overall, the OBR's report underscores the challenges facing the UK's finances, and the urgent need for action to address the underlying issues driving the country's debt. While the government's planned savings are a step in the right direction, it is clear that more needs to be done to defuse the "timebomb" of the UK's ageing population, and to ensure that the country's finances are on a sustainable footing in the years ahead.