article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 19:54 EST, 19 June 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 02:25 EST, 20 June 2013 . Basketball star Kendrick Perkins shocked his 55,000 Twitter followers on Tuesday night when he offered them the chance to buy his pet dog. The center for the NBA's Oklahoma City Thunder tweeted just before 10:30pm: ‘Hey I have a English bulldog and he to big to be around my youngest child he 10 months got his papers and he got a micro chip.’ Perkins sent another tweet a minute later explaining that even though he had paid $3,000 for the dog he was willing to accept $1,500. ‘Just want him to have a good family’ he tweeted. Basketball star Kendrick Perkins took to Twitter on Tuesday night in a desperate effort to find a new home for his pet dog . Perkins explained that he was selling the 10 month old dog because he was getting too big to be around his young children . Photographs soon followed showing the rather mean-looking young pouch, before Perkins tweeted again that the pet ‘needs to be gone by tomorrow.’ As well as several interested parties, the Thunder's center also received several messages either joking about his offer or taking him to task for his behavior. One tweeter, Nick Scibelli, wrote: '@KendrickPerkins perk this isn't the way to get rid of a dog' Another, Mike George added: '@KendrickPerkins I'm sure @MikeVick would give him a good home..' Less than 45 minutes after his first tweet on the subject, Perkins had sold his dog . Kendrick Perkins first posted about selling his pet dog just before 10.30pm on Tuesday night . In April 2007, Michael Vick of the Atlanta Falcons was implicated in an illegal interstate dog fighting ring that had operated for five years. He pleaded guilty to federal felony charges and served 21 months in prison. Despite the criticism and the humorous remarks, Perkins managed to find a new home for his dog less than 45 minutes after his first tweet. 'They dog sold yall,' Perkins tweeted his followers. Kendrick Perkins plays center for Oklahoma City Thunder .
highlights: Oklahoma City Thunder center Kendrick Perkins tweeted his bizarre offer just before 10.30pm on Tuesday . Within 45 minutes he tweeted again to confirm that the pouch had been sold .
id: b40044415b9a33b4a29ecd47464ed1e2129849a3
chatgpt: Oklahoma City Thunder center, Kendrick Perkins, has made headlines with his recent bizarre tweet offering a "mystery pouch" for sale. Perkins, who is known for his on-court skills, surprised many fans with this off-the-court offer just before 10.30 pm on Tuesday. The tweet caught the attention of many fans who were curious about what exactly was inside the mystery pouch. In the tweet, Perkins promised to offer a "surprise" that was sure to be interesting. The asking price for the pouch was not disclosed, but fans eagerly awaited a response to this unique offer. Within 45 minutes of the initial tweet, Perkins took to Twitter once more to confirm that the pouch had been sold. He offered no further details on who the buyer was or what they had paid for the mystery contents of the pouch. Fans were left to speculate on what could have been inside the mysterious pouch. Perkins' tweet sparked a lot of buzz on social media with many fans expressing their excitement over the bizarre offer. Some even joked that the mystery pouch was probably filled with magic and would help the Thunder win their next game. The Oklahoma City Thunder center is no stranger to making headlines on and off the court. Perkins has a reputation as a tough, hard-nosed player known for his physicality and strong defensive skills. He has made waves in the NBA over the years, helping lead the Boston Celtics to a championship in 2008 before moving on to Oklahoma City. While the mystery pouch has been sold, fans are still eagerly anticipating any future offers from Perkins. Who knows what he might have in store for his fans next? In the meantime, Perkins is focused on his game and helping lead the Thunder to victory on the court. With his unique skillset and competitive spirit, he is sure to continue making an impact in the NBA for years to come. For now, fans are left with the mystery of the sold pouch and the promise of more surprises from Perkins in the future.