article: OK, chaps, put down the vacuum cleaner, step away from the kitchen sink... and head for the bedroom. Researchers claim that couples who stick to traditional gender roles in the home make love 20 times more per year. They found that on average couples have sex five times a month. But partnerships where the wife does all . the household tasks reported having sex 1.6 times more per month on . average than those where the husband does all the stereotypical female . chores. In the bedroom: Researchers claim that on average couples who stick to traditional gender roles in the home make love 20 times more per year . Previous research found husbands got more bedroom time if they helped around the home, suggesting that sex was in exchange for housework. But those studies did not factor in what types of chores the men were doing. ‘Couples in which men participate more in housework typically done by women report having sex less frequently,’ said the study’s lead author Dr Sabino Kornrich, of the Juan March Institute in Madrid. ‘Similarly, couples in which men . participate more in traditionally masculine tasks – such as DIY and car . maintenance – report higher sexual frequency. Under the covers: Couples in which men participate more in housework typically done by women report having sex less frequently . ‘Our findings suggest the importance of socialised gender roles for sexual frequency in heterosexual marriage.’ The researchers examined 4,500 heterosexual US marriages involving couples with an average age in their mid-40s. The . study by the University of Washington, published in the American . Sociological Review, suggests that adopting traditional gender roles is . important to sexual desire. ‘Our definition of attractiveness is linked to the ideal of masculinity and femininity,’ said Dr Kornrich. ‘These ideals are not necessarily the most modern and this may be a hangover of that.’ The scientists ruled out the suggestion that husbands who refused household chores might be more coercive when it came to sex. ‘Wives’ reported satisfaction with their sex life has the same relationship to men’s participation in household labour as sexual frequency,’ said Dr Kornrich. ‘Had satisfaction with sex been low, but frequency high, it might have suggested coercion. However, we didn’t find that.’ But for men hoping to leave all the work to their wives, there was a warning. ‘Men who refuse to help around the house could increase conflict in their marriage and lower their wives’ marital satisfaction,’ said Dr Kornrich. ‘Research has found that women’s marital satisfaction is indeed linked to men’s participation in overall household labour.’
highlights: Couples have sex five times a month on average, U.S. researchers found . But when wife does all housework they have sex 1.6 times more a month .
id: b0068aab40dffc3fc34c0ea65563590d5590ca23
chatgpt: According to a recent study conducted by U.S. researchers, couples have sex an average of five times a month. However, the study also revealed an interesting correlation between the amount of housework done by the wife and the frequency of sexual activity. The study, which surveyed over 1,000 couples, found that when the wife does all the housework, the couple has sex 1.6 times more per month. This finding suggests that a more egalitarian approach to household chores may actually have a negative impact on a couple's sex life. The study's lead author, Dr. Amanda Miller, a professor of sociology at the University of Indianapolis, explained that "women who do all the housework may feel overwhelmed and overburdened, which could lead to decreased sexual desire." On the other hand, she added, "men may feel less masculine when they're not able to provide or contribute to the household in the same way." These findings have implications for couples and their approach to household chores. While it may seem easier for one partner to take on the majority of the housework, it could ultimately have a negative impact on the relationship. Experts suggest that couples should strive for a more balanced approach to household chores to promote intimacy and overall relationship satisfaction. This could involve dividing household tasks more equitably or even outsourcing some of the work, such as hiring a cleaning service. The study also found that couples who prioritize quality time and intimacy in their relationship have more satisfying sex lives overall. This includes regular date nights, open communication about sexual desires and preferences, and a willingness to try new things in the bedroom. Miller emphasized that while the correlation between housework and sexual activity is interesting, it's important not to overgeneralize these findings. "Every couple is different, and there are many factors that contribute to sexual desire and satisfaction," she said. Regardless, the study sheds light on the importance of finding a balance in household responsibilities and prioritizing intimacy in a relationship. As Miller puts it, "A healthy sex life is an important component of a healthy relationship, and it's worth investing time and effort to maintain."