article: By . Daniel Miller . PUBLISHED: . 12:01 EST, 2 January 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 13:04 EST, 2 January 2013 . A jilted boyfriend stalked his teenage former girlfriend incessantly before stabbing her to death outside her apartment in a jealous rage, it was claimed today. Jonathan Pena Castillo, 21, would call medical assistance student Edith Rojas, 19, at 'all hours of the night' and show up unannounced at her family's home in Inwood, New York, according to her brother Ronny Peralta. Mr Peralta, 27, said his sister dumped Castillo about 8 months ago after enduring months of obsessive behaviour, but he continued harassing her. Scene: Edith Rojas was stabbed outside her home in Inwood, New York . He told the New York Post: 'He was a possessive guy. He has to be calling her all the time So she decided not to keep going with him. 'She told my mom ... that he had problems, like he was a possessive guy. 'He wanted to be always calling her, always harassing her. He didn't want her to be with nobody else. Not hanging out with nobody else, calling at all times of the night.' Castillo is accused of stabbing Miss Rojas and watching her bleed to death on the sidewalk outside her house. Jose Quintanas, the superintendent in her . building, called her murder 'a terrible thing' to DNAinfo.com and had the tragic task of hosing her blood of the sidewalk. After he stabbing neighbours raced down to the street to discover her in the arms of her wailing mother with Castillo still hovering nearby. When confronted, Castillo reportedly raced off to a nearby park and disappeared. Jose Quintanas, the superintendent in stabbing victim Edith Rojas' building, called her murder "a terrible thing' and had to hose her blood off he sidewalk . Mr Peralta added: 'As soon as we came downstairs, [Castillo] was just standing, facing her, watching her die. Since we recognized him, he started running. Everybody started chasing him. 'He was just standing there, facing her. Everybody started chasing him. People with dogs let the dogs on him. He went to the park and disappeared. 'By the time I got there, he’d already stabbed himself. He still had the knife in his hands.' Police found Castillo in nearby Inwood Hill Park where he is believed to have stabbed himself in the neck and abdomen with the same knife he’s accused of using on Rojas. He is currently in custody at St. Luke's Hospital where he is in a medically induced coma but expected to survive, police sources said.
highlights: Jonathan Pena Castillo, 21, accused of stabbing medical assistance student Edith Rojas, 19 . He brother told how she dumped him eight months ago due to his obsessive behaviour . She died on the street outside her home in Inwood in her mother's arms .
id: e5d08ea6b7ae79c1000e4903e815280885e85056
chatgpt: A shocking incident occurred in the Inwood area of New York City, where a 19-year-old medical assistance student, Edith Rojas, was fatally stabbed in the street outside her home. The accused, Jonathan Pena Castillo, 21, has been arrested and charged with her murder. According to reports, Pena Castillo had a history of obsessive behavior towards Rojas, who had ended their relationship eight months ago. Rojas' brother recounted how she had broken up with Pena Castillo and how he had struggled to accept the separation. The incident took place on a quiet residential street in Inwood, a neighborhood in upper Manhattan, on Monday evening. Rojas was returning home after work when Pena Castillo allegedly attacked her, leaving her with a fatal stab wound. She died in her mother's arms, shortly after collapsing on the street. The authorities have been quick to condemn the brutal attack, with New York City Mayor, Bill de Blasio, issuing a statement expressing his shock and sympathy for the victim's family. He called the attack another senseless act of violence that highlights the urgent need to address the city's ongoing problem with gun and knife crime. The tragic incident has sent shockwaves through the Inwood community, with residents expressing their sorrow and outrage at the circumstances surrounding Rojas' death. It has also reignited discussions around the wider issue of domestic violence and the need for greater awareness and support for victims of abusive relationships. As investigations into the incident continue, Pena Castillo remains in police custody and will appear in court to face charges in due course. In the meantime, friends and family are mourning the loss of Rojas, who was described as a kind and compassionate individual, with a bright future ahead of her. In conclusion, the stabbing of Edith Rojas in the street outside her home has brought grief and sadness to her family and the Inwood community. It is a stark reminder of the devastating effects of domestic violence and the need for swift action to prevent further incidents of this kind. We send our condolences to Rojas' loved ones during this difficult time.