article: By . Ellie Zolfagharifard . If you wore a watch that didn’t tell the time, you might get a few strange looks. But this gadget - which doesn’t have hands or digital numbers - claims to give an ‘enlightening’ sense of your days passing by vibrating every five minutes. Instead of a traditional clock face, the Durr watch gives timely notifications to alert a wearer that they may be spending more - or less -  time than necessary on daily tasks. Scroll down for video... The Durr watch, created by Oslo-based designers, Theo Tveterås and Lars Vedeler, gives the wearer timely notifications by vibrating every five minutes . Oslo-based designers, Theo Tveterås and Lars Vedeler, created Durr as an experiment, according to Aaron Souppouris at The Verge. After a conversation about how quickly a day at the office had gone, they wondered if there was a simple way they could keep track of time. They created a prototype of Durr in just half an hour and were excited enough by the design to develop an initial run the next morning for sale. The Norwegian duo, who work together under the name Skrekkøgle, said that after wearing the watch for six months, it added a certain rhythm to each day . To their surprise, the first batch of 50 £75 watches sold out in a just over six weeks. The designeres wanted Durr to draw attention to the difference between time as it passes and how we perceive it passing. The design features a colourful fabric circle with a simple brown leather strap and a small button to turn vibration on and off. The Norwegian duo, who work together under the name Skrekkøgle, said that after wearing the watch for six months, it added a certain ‘rhythm’ to each day. Others, however, have criticised it for being nothing more than an expensive ‘egg timer on a strap’. Mr Tveterås said the feedback from other people was it acts a like a countdown to their death ‘which wasn’t the intention at all’. ‘But the memento mori aspect is very fascinating too.’ The original units were constructed on a small scale, pieced together and dyed by hand, but the designers are now planning a much larger production run. The designers created a prototype of Durr in just half an hour and were excited enough by the design to develop an initial run the next morning for sale .
highlights: Durr watch gives the wearer notifications by vibrating every five minutes . It was created by Oslo-based designers, Theo Tveterås and Lars Vedeler . They created the watch as an experiment to draw attention to the difference between time as it passes and how we perceive it passing . Watch is sold out, but designers plan to produce more in the near future .
id: e568292303eb2f90ebdd66d9dab59ee3192ff4b4
chatgpt: Oslo-based designers, Theo Tveterås and Lars Vedeler have created a unique and unconventional Durr watch that aims to highlight the difference between time as it passes and how we perceive it passing. The Durr watch has become very popular worldwide, reflecting its unique utility and design. The Durr watch is quite different from the traditional watches we use every day. Instead of showing time directly, it vibrates every five minutes to give the user a sense of the passing time. The designers created the watch as a unique experiment that challenges the way we perceive time. The Durr watch has proven to be incredibly popular among the public, with all watches sold out soon after it went on sale. Many customers have been fascinated by the unique design and timekeeping mechanism, and the designers have said they plan to produce more in the near future. The unique design of the Durr watch has garnered widespread attention from the public for its ability to capture the essence of time itself. As time is something that is so intangible and difficult to measure, this watch provides a unique and refreshing perspective that keeps users aware of time passing by. Theo Tveterås and Lars Vedeler have stated that they were inspired to create the Durr watch as a subtle way of reminding people to slow down and enjoy the simple things in life. The aim is not to rush through life, but rather to live in the present moment and appreciate every second that passes by. The Durr watch is not just a timekeeper but a statement piece that has captivated people all over the world. It is a reminder to its users to appreciate the small things in life and make the most of every moment. Theo Tveterås and Lars Vedeler have received a lot of praise for this innovative new creation, drawing attention to the importance of enjoying the present moment. Their creation has sparked a lot of interest in the world of design, and many are excited to see what the duo will come up with next. As the popularity of the Durr watch continues to rise, Theo and Lars have said they are looking forward to producing more of these unique timepieces in the near future. With this unique and innovative creation, the designers have successfully created a timepiece that bridges the gap between the human perception of time and time as it passes by.