article: Italy defender defender Giorgio Chiellini insists there are no lingering resentments between Mario Balotelli and the rest of the Italy squad following their first-round exit at the World Cup. The Liverpool striker has been recalled by Italy for the first time since the summer tournament in Brazil, when his team mates made veiled criticism of his lacklustre performances and behaviour. Mario Balotelli (right) challenges Giorgio Chiellini for the ball during Italy training in Florence on Wednesday . Balotelli appeared in good spirits on his return to the Azzurri squad for the first time since the World Cup . Liverpool striker Balotelli has an effort at goal as Italy prepare to face Croatia on Sunday evening . Former AC Milan forward Balotelli almost kicks team-mate Matteo Darmian in the head during training . Balotelli had filled a Panini album with stickers of himself after scoring in the 2-1 win over England in Italy's opening game and posted a photograph of it on his Facebook page. However, after he failed to hit the target in the next two games, against Costa Rica and Uruguay, midfielder Daniele De Rossi said: 'We need real men, not Panini stickers or characters. These are of no use to the national team.' Goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon added: 'On the pitch, you see who people really are or are not.' However, Chiellini said on Wednesday that it was all water under the bridge. 'There is nothing to mend,' he said. 'The coach has made his choice and there is nothing to add. 'Things went badly in Brazil but we have put a lid on that. Balotelli tussles with Empoli defender Daniele Rugani (right) at Coverciano in Florence . Balotelli (left) appears to aim a light kick in the direction of Borussia Dortmund striker Ciro Immobile . Italy's coaching staff chat in the background as Balotelli enjoys a laugh during training on Wednesday . 'I understand that it is important for the media to know how many times Mario goes to the bathroom, how often he sneezes and how many times he has called his mother. 'But Balotelli is as good as De Rossi, Buffon and the newcomers. What is important is that on Sunday we will be at one,' added Chiellini, before asking that reporters change the subject. Italy said that midfielder Marco Verratti had been ruled out of Sunday's Euro 2016 qualifier at home to Croatia because of a thigh muscle problem. 'Marco Verratti will return to France to continue the necessary treatment to recover from an insertional tendinopathy of his left adductor that prevented him from training on Monday,' said the Italian federation in a statement. Italy and Croatia have both won their opening three games in Group H. Italy boss Antonio Conte (right) gives instructions to defender Andrea Ranocchia . First-choice goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon (centre, bottom) takes part in a handling drill .
highlights: Mario Balotelli is back in the Italy squad after missing out on the last two . It is the first time Antonio Conte has called up the Liverpool striker . Balotelli appeared in good spirits as he trained in Florence on Wednesday . Italy host Croatia in a Euro 2016 qualifier on Sunday evening .
id: afd233f1e5c5d4fc29a99ee691329e60a2a015f6
chatgpt: Italian striker Mario Balotelli is set to return to the Italy squad after missing out on the last two games. Balotelli, who plays for Liverpool, has been called up by national coach Antonio Conte for Italy's Euro 2016 qualifier against Croatia on Sunday. The match is slated to be held in Split and will be a crucial game for the Azzurri. Balotelli's return to the squad marks the first time the striker has been called up by Conte. The Liverpool man was left out of the last two games due to poor form and lack of playing time. Italy missed Balotelli's influence in their last game against Bulgaria, which ended in a 2-2 draw. The Azzurri had many chances to seal the win, but their lack of firepower upfront proved to be their downfall. The striker appeared to be in good spirits as he trained with the rest of the team in Florence on Wednesday. Balotelli was seen joking and laughing with his teammates, clearly relishing his return to the national team. Conte has expressed his happiness for Balotelli's return, stating that the Liverpool man has the ability to make a difference for Italy. "Balotelli has the quality to change a game, to make the difference," Conte was quoted as saying by Sky Sports. Balotelli's form at Liverpool has been patchy since he joined the club from AC Milan last summer. The striker has managed just four goals in 28 appearances for the Reds, which is not an impressive record by any means. However, Conte is confident that Balotelli will replicate his performance on the international stage. The Italian coach is likely to start Balotelli up front against Croatia, alongside Eder and Graziano Pelle. Italy currently sits at the top of Group H with 10 points in four games. The Azzurri are unbeaten in their last six games and will be looking to extend that run against Croatia. The game against Croatia is an important qualifier for Italy. Croatia is currently second in the group with nine points, so a win for the Azzurri will put them in a commanding position in their bid for a place in Euro 2016. Balotelli's return to the squad will provide Conte with the much-needed firepower upfront. The Liverpool man has a point to prove and will be looking to put in a good performance for Italy. It remains to be seen if Balotelli can replicate his form for Italy, but Conte's faith in the striker suggests that the former Manchester City man still has a lot to offer. The game against Croatia will be a key test for Balotelli, but he has the quality to make a difference and help Italy secure a crucial win.