article: By . Louise Boyle . A teenage boy has admitted to murdering his adoptive parents in the family home and is facing life in prison. Moses Kamin, 16, pleaded guilty at Alameda County Superior Court in Oakland, California on Monday to the murders of Susan Poff, 50, and 55-year-old Robert Kamin. Kamin was 15 when he strangled his mother, using a choke hold learned in karate class, when the pair got into an argument over his suspension from school. Murdered: Moses Kamin (whose identity has been kept hidden) with the parents he has admitted to killing Robert Kamin (right) and Susan Poff (left) He then hid her body and lay in wait at the family home for his father and strangled him on January 27 of this year. The teenager, who is now 16, is being tried as an adult and is expected to be handed 25 years to life in prison after he accepted a last-minute plea deal. He pleaded guilty to the first-degree murder of his mother and the second-degree murder of his father. Kamin is due to be sentenced on January 25. The couple’s bodies were found hidden . under blankets in the back of the family's car parked outside their . house near Lake Merritt in January. Investigators believe Kamin had tried . unsuccessfully to set the vehicle ablaze. Police had gone to the Kamin house after their employers reported they did not show up for their jobs as civil servants. Horror: The teenager strangled his adoptive mother and then lay in wait for his father at their Oakland home . Kamin was arrested for the murders after police discovered the couple's bodies in the car and held at a juvenile detention center. Following Kamin's arrest, colleagues said that the couple had been . having problems with their son, who they believed was spending too much . time in the Occupy Oakland camp. Co-workers . mourned the well-known couple after news of their murders. Mrs Poff's boss called her death 'a terrible loss'. Mrs Poff, who attended UC Berkley, and Mr Kamin, a graduate of Stanford University, met through friends. The . couple adopted in 2002 because they were unable to have their own . children. On trial: Kamin, who is now 16, is being tried as an adult at Alameda County Superior Court in Oakland this week. He accepted a last-minute plea deal and is expected to be sentenced in January .
highlights: Moses Kamin, 16, took last-minute plea deal for murders of Susan Poff, 50, and Robert Kamin, 55, at their Oakland home . Teenager to be sentenced in January to 25 years to life in prison .
id: 35e29c211624cddda741890e91c6b2690c341820
chatgpt: Oakland - Moses Kamin, 16, has plead guilty to the murders of Susan Poff, 50, and Robert Kamin, 55, in a last-minute plea deal that took place on Tuesday. He admitted stabbing both victims to death, and will now face a sentence of 25 years to life in prison. The killings took place in January of 2012, and Kamin was arrested soon after. Prosecutors alleged that on the day of the murders, Kamin had an argument with Poff, who Poff had taken in as her own son. They said that Kamin then went on to murder Poff first, and then her partner Robert Kamin, after he returned home. Initially, Kamin had pled not guilty, and his trial was set to begin in the coming weeks. However, on Tuesday, he changed his plea to guilty, much to the surprise of the court. The decision to plead guilty may have come as a result of discussions between the prosecution and Kamin's defense team. The two parties have been in negotiations for several months, and it is understood that the plea deal was reached only in the last few days. The plea deal means that Kamin will avoid the death penalty, which was a possibility had he been found guilty following a trial. His sentence of 25 years to life means that he will remain in prison until at least 2045. The case has shocked the local community, who had known Poff and Kamin as respected members of the Oakland community. The couple had been together for several decades and were known for their commitment to social justice causes. Speaking after the hearing, the couple's family expressed their relief that the case had finally been resolved. "We're just glad it's over and that we can begin to move on," said one relative. Kamin's sentencing is set for January, during which the victims' families will be given the opportunity to make victim impact statements. It is expected that they will offer a searing indictment of Kamin's actions, and call for the full force of the law to be applied. Meanwhile, Kamin will begin what will likely be a lifelong incarceration, his future shattered as a result of his actions.