article: A 71-year-old woman who left home to get help for her injured husband has been found dead. Patricia and Stewart Little from Irasburg, Vermont, returned from a shopping trip on Monday at 5:30pm when Stewart fell getting out of the car and was unable to stand. His wife left their Creek Road driveway on foot in near freezing temperatures  to get assistance and three days later a police K-9 dog located her body in a field nearby. Scene of the incident: Patricia Little left her Creek Road driveway on foot in near freezing temperatures on Monday to get assistance for her husband who fell getting out of the car . Authorities were only alerted to the incident that day, after a family member dropped in on the Littles. Stewart had apparently managed to crawl into his home but couldn't reach the phone to call 911. He remained there, hoping for his wife to return. The relative said he was suffering from an undisclosed medical condition. After troopers and a canine unit arrived, Patricia was found in a patch of land between her home and the neighbors' shortly after 6pm on Wednesday. Police said there's no sign of foul play and a cause of death is pending. 'We suspect, obviously with the weather, that she may have fallen and was unable to get up, and she succumbed to the weather,' State Police Capt. J.P. Sinclair told WCAX-TV. 'It's obviously tragic - very, very sad. We certainly wish it could've ended differently,' he added. Stewart was taken to a hospital and is expected to recover.
highlights: Patricia and Stewart Little from Irasburg, Vermont, returned from a shopping trip on Monday afternoon when Stewart fell getting out of the car . His wife left their Creek Road driveway on foot in near freezing temperatures to get assistance . Three days later a police K-9 dog located her body in a field nearby . Police said there's no sign of foul play and a cause of death is pending .
id: 4c378bde58cf7ec1773b89287829cd85f6e09eac
chatgpt: Tragedy struck the quiet town of Irasburg, Vermont, as a woman's body was discovered in a field three days after she went missing. Patricia Little and her husband Stewart had just returned from a shopping trip on Monday afternoon when the 69-year-old man fell getting out of the car. Patricia left their Creek Road driveway on foot in near-freezing temperatures to get assistance. Sadly, it was the last time anyone saw her alive. For three agonizing days, family, friends, and law enforcement personnel conducted an intense search for Patricia. They combed nearby fields, woods, and roadsides, but their efforts proved fruitless. Everyone was praying for the best, but the worst was yet to come. On Thursday, a police K-9 dog located Patricia's body in a field near their home. The discovery sent shockwaves through the community, as everyone struggled to come to terms with the tragic loss of a beloved wife, mother, and friend. The authorities have ruled out foul play, and the cause of Patricia's death is still pending. The Vermont State Police Major Crime Unit and the Bureau of Criminal Investigation have launched an investigation to determine the circumstances surrounding her death. Patricia was well known in the community as a kind and generous person who always had a smile on her face for everyone she met. She will be sorely missed by all who knew her. As the family grieves the loss of their loved one, the people of Irasburg are rallying around them with heartfelt condolences, prayers, and offers of support. The tragic loss of Patricia Little has reminded us all of the preciousness of life and the need to cherish every moment we have with our loved ones.