article: (CNN) -- Actress Mia Farrow testified Monday that supermodel Naomi Campbell named Charles Taylor as the person who presented her with a diamond. Farrow was testifying at the war crimes trial of Taylor, the former president of Liberia who prosecutors allege funded a brutal civil war in Sierra Leone using blood diamonds. A so-called blood diamond is mined in war zones and used to fund rebels and warlords. The stones have fueled bloody conflicts in Africa for more than a decade. Farrow's testimony at the United Nations-backed Special Court for Sierra Leone contradicted that of Campbell, who took the stand last week. During her appearance, Campbell said she didn't know who sent her stones, which were delivered to her room in Pretoria, South Africa late at night. But Farrow told prosecutors: "She said that in the night she had been awakened. Some men were knocking at her door. They were sent by Charles Taylor and they had given her a huge diamond." Both Farrow and Campbell were guests at a dinner hosted by Nelson Mandela in 1997, which Taylor also attended. The next morning, Campbell told the tribunal, she shared the story of receiving stones with her then-agent, Carole White, and Farrow. "Well, that's obviously Charles Taylor," one of them said. Campbell didn't recall who said it. Then, one of them added, "Well, obviously, they are diamonds." Campbell said she assumed the stones came from Taylor, but testified that she wasn't sure. After her testimony, prosecutors said they would present two witnesses who would dispute Campbell's story. "Two other witnesses will also testify about these events.... there are significant differences between those accounts and Ms. Campbell's account," the prosecution said in a statement. Farrow's testimony did just that. Taylor, 62, was president of Liberia from 1997 to 2003. The war crimes charges against him stem from the widespread murder, rape and mutilation that occurred during the civil war in Sierra Leone, fought largely by teenagers who were forced to kill, given addictive drugs to provoke violent behavior and were often instructed to rape and plunder. Taylor is charged with five counts of crimes against humanity, including murder, enslavement and sexual slavery and violence. He also faces five counts of war crimes, including acts of terrorism and torture, and one count of other serious violations of international humanitarian law. He has pleaded not guilty. Prosecutors had rested their case against Taylor in February 2009 but reopened it to call Campbell to testify after learning in June of that year that Taylor had given the supermodel a diamond. When arguing to reopen the case, prosecutors said Campbell's testimony would prove that the former president "used rough diamonds for personal enrichment and arms purchases," according to papers filed with the U.N.-backed court. Taylor has testified that he never handled the precious stones.
highlights: Mia Farrow says Naomi Campbell said Charles Taylor sent her a diamond . Former Liberian president on trial for allegedly funding civil war with blood diamonds . Campbell testified she wasn't sure who sent her diamonds during a trip to Africa . Blood diamonds are mined in war zones and is used to fund rebels and warlords .
id: c3902dd156a3d5a644f39d68970161056f654caf
chatgpt: Mia Farrow has made a stunning revelation in the war crimes trial of former Liberian President Charles Taylor. She testified on Monday that Naomi Campbell had told her about receiving a diamond gift from the ex-leader during a charity trip to South Africa in 1997. Her testimony could be damning for Taylor, who is accused of funding the civil war in Sierra Leone with the sale of diamonds, dubbed "blood diamonds." Campbell, a supermodel, had previously appeared before the Hague-based court and testified that she did receive diamonds while on the trip, but she had no idea where they came from. Taylor is said to have provided the diamonds to Campbell as a thank-you gift. Farrow, who was present on the same trip, claimed that Campbell told her the gift was from Taylor. "Naomi Campbell walked up to me and said, 'Oh my god, oh my god, guess what happened to me last night?'" Farrow recounted. "I said, 'What?' And she said, 'Charles Taylor sent me a huge diamond.'" Taylor is on trial on 11 counts of war crimes and crimes against humanity stemming from his alleged support of brutal rebels in Sierra Leone's civil war. The prosecution claims that he backed the rebels by providing them with weapons, training, and other support in exchange for diamonds from the country's rich mines. These diamonds, known as "blood diamonds," were mined in war zones and used to finance the conflict. The court is hoping Campbell's testimony will help connect Taylor to the sale of blood diamonds in Sierra Leone. However, Farrow's testimony could be even more significant if it is corroborated by others present on the trip. Defense lawyers are expected to challenge Farrow's testimony and claim she could be lying or have misheard Campbell. Blood diamonds have become a major problem in Africa, fueling conflicts in several countries. These diamonds are often dug by slaves and sold to fund rebels and warlords who use the money to buy weapons and terrorize local populations. Global efforts have been made to curb the sale of blood diamonds, including the creation of the Kimberley Process Certification Scheme, which certifies that diamonds are conflict-free. The trial of Charles Taylor has been a high-profile case since it began in 2007. Taylor has denied all charges against him and claims he had no knowledge of the atrocities being committed by the rebels he supported. He was ousted from power in 2003 and fled to Nigeria, where he was eventually captured and transferred to the Hague for trial. The case is expected to continue for several more months, with more witnesses set to testify.