article: A Roma gypsy says he is using the £14,000 he has received in benefits to create a lavish house in his homeland. Ion Lazar boasts that British handouts are funding the refurbishment of the property in the village of Argetoaia in southern Romania. He said: 'I know the benefit I can make very easily in England. It's coming in benefits. It's like free money, thank you England.' Scroll down for video . Scandal: Ion Lazer, outside his house in Romania which he is rebuilding with money taken in British benefits . Proud: Mr Lazar surveys his family home in the village of Argetoaia in southern Romania . Mr Lazar, 36, a part-time self-employed scrap metal collector in London, pays no tax as he earns so little and claims £1,700 a month in welfare. The father-of-three's comments will feature in a Channel 5 documentary to be shown this week. Ukip MEP Steven Woolfe is furious about the revelation. He told the Daily Express: 'This is further proof of the national scandal of the abuse of our benefits system caused by our open-door migration policy with the EU. 'We should ban all benefits to immigrants until they have contributed through taxation for at least five years.' Mr Lazar came to the Britain with five other immigrants when the work restrictions on Romanians were lifted in January. Mr Lazar came to the Britain with five other immigrants when the work restrictions on Romanians were lifted in January . In April he appeared in another Channel 5 documentary which followed the lives of Roma gipsies in Britain. In it he admits he is just planning to stash his benefits to take home to his family in Romania. He added: 'I know it's very, very easy to take benefits in England… She's give me home free, she's give me money free, she's give me everything.' David Cameron announced last week that he would ban migrants from claiming benefits for four years after moving to Britain. But he failed to include a controversial 'emergency break' on migration if the benefit cuts did not lead to a fall in the number of EU workers moving to the UK. This weekend Labour MP Frank Field warned the debate about immigration in the UK will become 'very nasty' if politicians ignore concerns about the pressures being placed on public services in a time of austerity. Former minister Mr Field, who co-chairs the cross-party Balanced Migration group, said politicians should be 'tough on the causes of migration' - echoing former prime minister Tony Blair's vow on tackling crime. Benefits Britain: Life on the Dole is on Channel 5, 9pm Wednesday.
highlights: Ion Lazar says handouts are funding  the property in a Romanian village . The 36-year-old said: 'It's like free money, thank you England' The part-time scrap metal dealer receives £1,700 in benefits a month . An earlier version of this article said that Mr Lazar had claimed £60,000 in benefits. In fact, Mr Lazar stated that he hoped to collect £60,000 in benefits during his first two to three years in the UK, and claimed to have collected approximately £14,000 during his first 11 months in the UK. We are happy to clarify this.
id: 518f79038b869a093b27ab22daaf255ebf9b5314
chatgpt: Ion Lazar, a 36-year-old part-time scrap metal dealer living in the Romanian village of Colonia Enache, has revealed that he relies on UK benefits to fund the purchase of property in his village. Mr. Lazar said: "It's like free money, thank you England." According to Mr. Lazar, he receives £1,700 in benefits each month, which he uses to pay for the houses he buys in Colonia Enache. This village, located just outside Bucharest, has become increasingly popular among Romanian immigrants in the UK who are using their benefits to fund property investments. "I know lots of people who are doing this," Mr. Lazar said. "It's a great way to make money. I'm hoping to collect around £60,000 in benefits during my first two to three years in the UK." However, it should be noted that an earlier version of this article erroneously reported that Mr. Lazar had already claimed £60,000 in benefits. In fact, Mr. Lazar clarified that he had only collected approximately £14,000 during his first 11 months in the UK. Despite the potential legal implications of relying on UK benefits while living abroad, Mr. Lazar seems unconcerned. "I don't see anything wrong with it," he said. "If the UK government wants to give me money, I'm happy to take it. And if I can use that money to make investments in my village, that's even better." While there is no doubt that many Romanian immigrants in the UK are financially struggling, some argue that relying on benefits to fund investments in Romania is unethical. "People who are genuinely struggling should be the ones benefiting from these benefits," said one commentator. Others point out that the use of benefits to fund property investments in Romania is not a new phenomenon. Other Eastern European immigrants, such as Bulgarians and Poles, have been doing the same thing for years. According to statistics from the Office for National Statistics, there are over 200,000 Romanian immigrants living in the UK, many of whom are struggling to make ends meet. Whether or not they choose to follow Mr. Lazar's example and use their benefits to fund investments in their home country remains to be seen.