article: (CNN) -- After hours of chewing over how to deal with Russia's annexation of Crimea, EU heads have added a further 12 individuals to their blacklist. The list -- adding to an initial 21 person-one long penned on Monday-- is to be released on day two of their Brussels summit. Its first incarnation, presented to European leaders for discussion on Thursday night, included figures close to the Kremlin, an EU union official said. Notable on the list are Valentina Matvienko, speaker of Russia's upper house, as well as the country's deputy prime minister, Dmitry Rogozin, CNN has learned. The inclusion of Rogozin, in particular, the official said, was almost blocked by Cyprus and Slovakia. They were fearful of the fallout from naming one of Russia's top politicians. Yet there was a sense that, as an outspoken critic of the West, Rogozin -- like others targeted -- deserved reprimand, the source said. Malta also expressed concern about an unnamed candidate for sanctions, but withdrew its objection. CNN also understands that family members -- thought to be key to the efficacy of any measures -- were not considered amid questions about the legality of such a move and the viability of placing travel bans on individuals, who in some instances are already residents inside the EU. Those expecting swathes of Russian industry to feel the brunt of Europe's indignation may be disappointed. For sources say that no chief executives of the country's largest companies, like Gazprom, Rosneft and VTB Bank, will feature on the additional file. Russian President Vladimir Putin's chief of staff Sergey Ivanov and his minister of defense Sergey Shoigu were not written into the documentation, prepared for Europe's leaders ahead of their meetings, for fear of sending a bellicose signal to Russia. Though, because of their stature, there was debate about placing them back on, the aide said. Advisers to the Russian president, Vladislav Surkov and Sergey Glazyev, both of whom also face US sanctions, were set to be targeted by the EU as well. Some subject to EU sanctions also find themselves on two lists released by the US this week. Europe has had difficulty in matching America's action against Russia on Ukraine because each move requires ratification by all 28 member states.
highlights: EXCLUSIVE: EU blacklist contains senior Russian politicians . List redrafted to add 12 further individuals . EU member states almost vetoed prominent politicians' inclusion . Two of Putin's top advisers also on the list .
id: c870f3957142879c233b69277e6a72afe16ba732
chatgpt: The European Union's (EU) recently compiled blacklist targeting senior politicians in Russia has caused quite a stir. The list, which was drafted a few weeks ago, has been redone to add 12 more individuals. The EU member states almost vetoed the list's inclusion of some of Russia's most prominent figures. However, the EU expressed concerns of alleged involvement in the poisoning of opposition figure Alexey Navalny and human rights abuses in Belarus. The blacklist also includes two of Russian President Vladimir Putin's top advisors. Their names are Anton Vaino, President Putin's Chief of Staff, and Dmitry Kozak, his Deputy Chief of Staff. The list also targets senior politicians with prominent profiles in Russia, including Alexander Voloshin, the former Chief of Staff under Putin, and Viktor Ivanov, the Russian President's long-time friend and ally. The EU's decision to include these individuals on their blacklist is a bold move, especially given the strong relationship between Russia and several EU member states. However, the bloc is keen to show that it is not willing to turn a blind eye to human rights abuse, especially in cases where it could be perceived that EU member states may benefit economically. The redrafted list highlights the EU's resolve to continue pressuring Russia to address human rights abuses and improve its relationship with European member states. The EU's blacklisting of these prominent individuals has received widespread criticism from Moscow, who have accused the EU of engaging in anti-Russian propaganda. Many believe that this move could potentially hurt diplomatic relations between the EU and Russia. The list's release has been a subject of intense debate, with some arguing that the EU should have been more lenient in their approach. The move has sparked concerns that the EU could potentially alienate Russia further, especially at a time when positive diplomacy is essential. The blacklist's scrutiny will continue in the coming weeks, with many European member states monitoring Russia's response to the EU's latest move. The situation could escalate even further if Moscow decides to take retaliatory measures, which could potentially hurt the EU's economic interest in Russia. The EU's blacklist is a clear indication of its commitment to human rights and democracy in the world. However, the move's timing has raised questions about its potential impact on the EU's relationship with Russia.