article: By . Ryan Kisiel . PUBLISHED: . 16:51 EST, 16 October 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 16:51 EST, 16 October 2013 . Not guilty: Green Party MP CAroline Lucas pleaded not guilty to two public order offences . Green Party MP Caroline Lucas yesterday denied two public order offences following a mass protest at a potential fracking site. The MP for Brighton Pavilion was one of 25 people arrested among hundreds protesting outside the Cuadrilla drilling platform in Balcombe, West Sussex, on August 19. Miss Lucas, 52, is alleged to have failed to comply with a condition made by a senior police officer under the Public Order Act and obstructed the road to the site. Wearing a grey dress and plum-coloured cardigan, she smiled as she entered the dock at Crawley Magistrates’ Court before confirming her name, age and address. A handful of supporters, including former glamour model turned politician Marina Baker listened to proceedings at the back of the court. She pleaded not guilty at Crawley Magistrates’ Court and was released on unconditional bail until her trial next year. Speaking outside court, Miss Lucas said: ‘By joining the peaceful protest I wanted to actively oppose the exploitation of yet more fossil fuels.’ Critics of fracking, in which water and chemicals are pumped into the ground at high pressure to fracture shale rock and release gas, fear it could harm water resources and cause small earthquakes, and development of the sites will harm the countryside. Cuadrilla has since completed its exploratory oil drilling and left the village after more than two months of operations which involved the drilling of a vertical exploration well to a depth of 2,720ft, collecting 294ft of rock samples. Protests: Police were brought in to escort a tanker to the site in West Sussex . Arrests: 25 people were arrested following a mass protest at the fracking site in Balcombe on August 19 . Designer Vivian Westwood gave her support to the protestors at the fracking site at Balcombe in West Sussex . The energy firm also confirmed the presence of hydrocarbons, which can be used for fuel, and said it would apply for planning permission to carry out further testing to determine flow rates. Sussex Police said the overall cost of the operation, which saw 400 officers at peak periods patrol the area over three months and 125 people arrested, is estimated at about £4 million. Sussex Crime Commissioner Katy Bourne has applied to the Home Office for financial support to meet the additional cost of policing and drafting in officers from 10 other forces, describing Balcombe as ‘a national issue’. Sorry we are unable to accept comments for legal reasons.
highlights: MP pleaded not guilty to two offences . Supporters listened to proceedings at the back of Crawley Magistrates Court . 52-year-old Miss Lucas to face trial next year .
id: 23c74aeabe4a4a5a3108144314ce8300f3f10b4c
chatgpt: Green Party MP, Caroline Lucas, pleaded not guilty to two charges of obstructing a public highway and a public order offence, during a hearing at Crawley Magistrates’ Court earlier today. The charges relate to a protest that took place in Balcombe, West Sussex, back in August, 2013. Supporters of Miss Lucas’ environmental stance listened to proceedings at the back of the court, as the 52-year-old denied the allegations put against her. Miss Lucas was one of several protesters who opposed test drilling for fracking by energy firm, Cuadrilla Resources, at the time of the incident. Cuadrilla ended up ending its Balcombe operations in September, 2013. Miss Lucas received widespread support from environmentalists, as she took a stand against fracking in Balcombe. She also rose to national attention in 2011 when she was arrested for her involvement in a peaceful protest against weapons manufacturer, EDO MBM. Speaking outside of the court, Miss Lucas said that she had to stand up for what she believed in, "Sometimes standing up for the things you believe in means breaking the law".  Miss Lucas also stated that she was prepared to face the consequences of her actions, "I am not above the law, and I will be held accountable for what I do. However, I urge the government to listen to the pleas of environmentalists who are fighting for the future of our planet". Miss Lucas arrived at the court in a blue coat and scarf, and was greeted by a crowd of supporters, who cheered her as she walked up the steps.  The Green Party MP will now face a trial next year, following her plea of not guilty. The proceedings are expected to last for up to five days, as the court hears evidence from the prosecution and defence. Despite facing criminal charges, Miss Lucas continues to be a vocal campaigner for environmental rights, and has spoken out against fracking on numerous occasions. The case highlights the ongoing debate surrounding fracking, with environmentalists concerned about the potential impact fracking could have on the environment. The UK government supports the development of shale gas as a new energy source for the country, but protesters argue that the process is harmful to the environment. Regardless of the outcome of Miss Lucas’ case, it is likely that the debate surrounding fracking will continue to divide public opinion, as the UK moves towards a more environmentally-friendly future.