article: Jose Mourinho is furious with the Spanish Football Federation after star striker Diego Costa was ruled out of Saturday’s clash at Crystal Palace through injury. Costa, the leading scorer in the Barclays Premier League with nine goals, returned to Chelsea on Monday after playing for Spain in two Euro 2016 qualifiers. Mourinho had publicly asked Spain coach Vicente del Bosque to use the international break to rest the forward, but he ignored the Chelsea boss and last night it was unclear for how long the striker would be sidelined. Costa scored his first international goal in the 4-0 victory over Luxembourg. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Crystal Palace vs Chelsea preview . Diego Costa celebrates sealing the 2-0 win for Chelsea against Arsenal at Stamford Bridge earlier this month . Costa is set to be sidelined for three weeks with a hamstring injury after returning from international duty . Costa played all but eight minutes for the national team last week and Mourinho revealed: 'Yes. The Spanish team played in Luxembourg on Sunday. I gave them Diego, Fabregas and Azpilicueta. 'I gave them two days off, Monday and Tuesday, so they had to report to train on Wednesday at 3pm. And Diego was here Monday at 9am. So you can imagine how strong he was to be here at 9am on Monday.' The Chelsea boss added: ‘I don’t lose my time contacting managers from national teams. In the past they used to contact me, but it is never my initiative to contact national team coaches. The Spanish striker played against Slovakia (pictured) and Luxembourg during the international break . ‘They have the power, we don’t have the power. 'Every Chelsea player who is selected at that time, we are happy that the players represent their country.' Ramires, Andre Schurrle, John Obi Mikel and Didier Drogba could also miss the trip to Selhurst Park as Mourinho admitted Chelsea have a 'long, long' injury list. Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho revealed on Friday that Costa returned to the club on Monday morning . Costa scored his first international goal for Spain on Sunday during the Euro 2016 qualifier in Luxembourg . Spain manager Vicente del Bosque has angered Mourinho for not resting his striker during the internationals .
highlights: Striker Diego Costa set to miss three weeks of action with hamstring injury . Costa played for Spain against Slovakia and Luxembourg last week . However Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho had asked for Costa to be rested . Didier Drogba and Andre Schurrle also doubts for Crystal Palace match .
id: 95c939bb2fd38d42be1167eb044fc7126eacc5c4
chatgpt: Chelsea striker Diego Costa is set to miss three weeks of action after picking up a hamstring injury. The Spanish international played for his country in their recent matches against Slovakia and Luxembourg, despite Blues boss Jose Mourinho requesting that he be rested. The injury means that Costa will be unavailable for Chelsea’s upcoming fixtures against Crystal Palace, Maribor and Manchester United. Costa, who has been in outstanding form this season, has scored nine goals in seven Premier League appearances for Chelsea. His absence will be a blow for the London side, who are currently top of the league and unbeaten so far this season. Mourinho had previously expressed concerns over Costa’s fitness and had even asked the Spanish Football Federation not to select him for their international fixtures. However, his request was ignored, and Costa subsequently picked up his injury whilst playing for his country. As well as losing Costa, Mourinho also faces several other injury concerns ahead of Chelsea’s match against Crystal Palace this weekend. Both Didier Drogba and Andre Schurrle are also doubtful for the match, although Mourinho will be hopeful that they can recover in time. Despite these setbacks, Chelsea remain strong favourites to win the match against Palace. The London side are currently top of the league, and have won their last four matches in all competitions. By contrast, Palace have struggled this season, winning just one of their seven Premier League matches so far. If Chelsea are to continue their unbeaten run, they will need to rely heavily on their other attacking options. In the absence of Costa, Didier Drogba is likely to lead the line for the Blues, whilst Andre Schurrle and Eden Hazard will provide pace and creativity from midfield. Chelsea fans will be hopeful that their team can cope without the injured Costa, and maintain their strong start to the season. With important fixtures against Maribor and Manchester United coming up, the Blues will need all of their key players fit and firing if they are to maintain their position at the top of the table.