article: Yaya Toure has expressed remorse for the victims and their families of last week's Charlie Hebdo attacks in Paris. Manchester City midfielder Toure, a practising Muslim, apologised on behalf of his religion and admitted he was 'afraid of what is going to happen.' Twelve people were killed when two gunmen entered French satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo's offices in Paris. Yaya Toure speaks after he was named African Player of the Year in Nigeria at the beginning of January . Toure told CNN World Sport: 'When you hear something like that it's a big disappointment. 'I feel very sorry for the families – they lost their friend, or lost their father, or their husband. 'I have a friend in Paris. As a Muslim I have a friend and they are Muslim as well and I'm afraid what is going to happen. 'Everybody has his point of view – everybody has something to say about it. 'It's a newspaper trying to say something. But sometimes it hurts people you know.' Toure has scored nine goals in 26 appearances for Manchester City this season . Four-time African Player of the Year Toure has scored nine goals in 26 appearances for City this season. The Ivorian was disappointed with the magazine's depiction of the prophet Mohammed but understands the importance of the freedom of speech. He said: 'As a Muslim I always believe in the way people can say what they want to say. 'For me the most important thing is that we know that sometimes the newspaper is doing a lot and they're trying to do too much, and sometimes they do it without respect.' 'I heard that when they were writing things like that in the cartoon there were a couple of people coming around and try to tell them to stop. Afterwards we've heard about these people doing horrible things.'
highlights: Twelve people were killed when two gunmen entered French satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo's offices in Paris . Yaya Toure is a practising Muslim . Toure is on duty with the Ivory Coast at the African Cup of Nations . The City midfielders has scored nine goals in 26 appearances this season .
id: 77092663e539c7bf56b2ed3f949b6db1a0dbcdc2
chatgpt: In a shocking and horrific attack, 12 people were killed on Wednesday when two gunmen stormed the Paris offices of the satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo. The attackers, who are believed to have ties to Islamic extremist groups, opened fire on staff members during a weekly editorial meeting. The magazine was known for its irreverent and often controversial content, and had recently published cartoons depicting the Prophet Mohammed – a move that had angered some members of the Muslim community. While the attack has been widely condemned by both Muslim and non-Muslim leaders alike, some have expressed concern that it may lead to increased fear and prejudice against Muslims around the world. One individual who has been vocal about his faith in the wake of the attack is Ivorian footballer Yaya Toure. The Manchester City midfielder is a practising Muslim, and has previously spoken about the importance of his faith in his life and career. Toure is currently on duty with the Ivory Coast national team at the African Cup of Nations, where he has been putting in some impressive performances. The City star has scored nine goals in 26 appearances so far this season, making him one of the most prolific midfielders in the Premier League. Despite his busy schedule, Toure took time out this week to speak about his thoughts on the Charlie Hebdo attack. In a statement released on his official website, the midfielder said: "As a Muslim and a human being, I condemn the despicable attack that took place in Paris yesterday. My thoughts and prayers are with the families of those who were killed, and with the people of France as they come to terms with this terrible tragedy." Toure went on to emphasise the importance of unity and understanding in the face of such events, saying: "We must remember that the vast majority of Muslims around the world are peace-loving, law-abiding people who simply want to live their lives in peace. We cannot let the actions of a tiny minority define our faith or our community." Toure's words were widely shared on social media, and have been praised by many as a thoughtful and compassionate response to a terrible situation. As the world continues to grapple with the aftermath of the Charlie Hebdo attack, it is clear that messages of unity and understanding will be more important than ever.