article: Baghdad (CNN) -- At least 70 people have been killed in another wave of the horrifying daily violence that is threatening to unravel Iraq, police officials around the country said. More than 40 were killed in Baghdad Monday, many of whom were on their way to the Shiite holy city of Karbala. Another 17 pilgrims in Mosul were also killed by militants. In Baghdad, at least 27 people were killed and more than 50 wounded when two car bombs exploded in quick succession near a procession of pilgrims making their way by foot to Karbala for the annual commemoration of the seventh century death of their Imam Hussein, a memorial called the Arbaeen. Hussein was killed during a battle near Karbala for control of the Muslim nation after Mohammed's death in 632. Hussein's death led to a split between Sunni and Shiite Muslims. The violence comes a day after at least 21 people died, including an anchor with al-Mousliya TV, in shootings and explosions, police said. The U.S. Embassy in Baghdad issued a statement to condemn "the appalling acts of terrorism carried out against innocent victims in Iraq" in the last two days. Also Monday, at least eight people were killed and four others wounded when a car bomb exploded outside a police station in Baiji, authorities in Tikrit told CNN. Militants freed at least 10 prisoners, authorities said. Minutes after the initial explosion, gunmen stormed the station and clashes erupted between them and Iraqi security forces, police officials said. Baiji is located about 200 miles (320 km) north of Baghdad in Salaheddin province. In nearby Tikrit, militants stormed the city council building, clashed with Iraqi security forces and occupied the facility for a time, police officials in the city said. Several hostages were freed, but at least five were killed. State-run Iraqia TV reported that an anti-terrorism unit freed some hostages and killed the militants. More than 8,000 people have been killed in Iraq in 2013, according to U.N. figures. 16 killed in Baghdad violence .
highlights: NEW: Militants kill at least 44 people headed to Shiite religious commemoration . NEW: Other violence includes attacks on police station, city council building . Similar violence killed 21 people on Sunday . More than 8,000 people have been killed in Iraq in 2013, according to the United Nations .
id: 63830766a88044a0253a18793b13c23c9dfa0a8c
chatgpt: Militants in Iraq have killed at least 44 people who were headed to a Shiite religious commemoration, according to a recent report. This is just one of several violent incidents that have occurred over the past few days, including attacks on a police station and a city council building. The death toll from these incidents is currently unknown. This surge of violence follows a similar incident that took place on Sunday, which left 21 people dead. In total, more than 8,000 people have been killed in Iraq in 2013, as reported by the United Nations. The recent attacks have once again underscored the fragile security situation in the country. The Shiite religious commemoration that the victims were headed to was the Arbaeen, which marks the end of a 40-day mourning period for the Shiite imam Hussein. It is considered one of the largest religious gatherings in the world, with millions of Shiites from around the world travelling to the city of Karbala to participate in the event. The attackers targeted a bus convoy heading to Karbala, killing dozens of people and injuring many others. The attack is believed to have been carried out by Sunni militants, who have been waging an insurgency against the Shiite-led government since the US-led invasion of Iraq in 2003. The militants view Shiites as heretics and have been responsible for many deadly attacks in the past. The other violent incidents that have taken place over the past few days include attacks on a police station and a city council building. The police station was targeted by a suicide bomber, while the city council building was attacked with a car bomb. The death toll from these attacks is currently unknown. The Iraqi government has struggled to contain the violence that has plagued the country for years. While violence levels have decreased in recent years, sporadic attacks continue to occur. The government has blamed the recent surge of violence on the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS), a Sunni Islamist extremist group that has taken control of large parts of Iraq and Syria. The recent attacks have once again highlighted the need for increased security measures and greater cooperation between the Iraqi government and international partners. With the Arbaeen just around the corner, it is critical that the authorities take all necessary steps to ensure the safety of worshippers and prevent further attacks on civilians.