article: Could an Amazon Prime membership become a first-class ticket to shopping across the Web? That seems to be what Amazon hopes. Amazon has announced it will extend some of the perks it gives Prime members, like free two-day shipping, on other websites. Tom Taylor, a vice president at Amazon, made the announcement Tuesday at Money2020, an online marketing conference in Las Vegas. The first such agreement will be with AllSaints, a British fashion retailer. "Think about the possibilities," Rick Ascott, digital director at AllSaints, said at the event. "I can see a day when Prime members will have access to sneak previews and first chance to shop our new collections." Ascott said the partnership is aimed at getting new customers into AllSaints' virtual doors. Launched in 2005, Amazon Prime is a $99 annual membership that grants privileges such as faster shipping and access to the company's library of streaming movies and music. In addition to the fee, Amazon likes Prime members because they tend to spend more money on the site. The extended Prime benefits are part of Login and Pay with Amazon, an existing program the company has with outside retailers. Companies pay a fee to Amazon in return for making it possible for online shoppers to buy instantly using their Amazon accounts. Ascott said the relationship has been a productive one. Amazon customers who put items in their "shopping cart" have been 34% more likely to purchase them, he said, and spend 15% more than non-Amazon customers. But some retailers have been reluctant to give Amazon a bigger hand in how their business gets done on the Web. The company has been accused in the past of lowering its own prices to put the squeeze on competitors, even to the point of taking a short-term loss on some products. And tech blog Re/Code quotes unnamed retailers as saying they're not inclined to advertise their products on Amazon -- a component of the Login and Pay plan -- because they can't control the context in which their ads will appear. "When we go to open a store in the mall, we're very careful about who is around us," one retail executive told Re/code. "On Amazon, because they are serving up customized results, our stuff may appear next to some Joe Schmo or third party selling similar goods at half the price."
highlights: Amazon will give Prime benefits to members on other sites . Benefits include two-day shipping . Users can pay instantly on the sites with their Amazon information .
id: ec884ca9f49323159b4ede2bfae2f3fdcd806096
chatgpt: Amazon has expanded its Prime membership program to include benefits for users on other sites. Members of sites that partner with Amazon will now be able to enjoy a range of benefits including two-day shipping and the ability to pay instantly on the partner sites using their Amazon payment information. In a statement, Amazon said that the move was designed to make e-commerce more convenient and efficient for consumers. The company has been able to achieve this by building a network of partners that are able to offer these benefits to their users. One of the key benefits of the program is the ability for users to receive free two-day shipping. This is a notoriously expensive service that is typically reserved for Amazon Prime members. However, by partnering with other sites, Amazon is able to offer the service to a wider range of users, thus eliminating one of the biggest barriers to online shopping. Users of partnered sites will also be able to pay instantly using their Amazon payment information. This means that they do not have to go through the hassle of entering their payment details each time they make a purchase on a different site. For Amazon, the move is a smart one, as it allows the company to expand its reach and offer its services to a much larger audience. With the power of its brand behind it, Amazon is well positioned to become one of the leading players in e-commerce, even beyond its own platform. The company has already signed up a number of partners for the program, including some of the biggest names in e-commerce. They include Zappos, Woot, and Buy.com, among others. These companies are all expected to benefit from the increased visibility and customer engagement that comes with offering Amazon Prime benefits to their users. According to industry analysts, the move is likely to be a hit with consumers, as it makes shopping online more convenient and efficient. The ability to receive free two-day shipping, in particular, is expected to be a major drawcard. There are, however, some concerns about the impact of the move on smaller businesses. Some worry that the program could make it more difficult for smaller online retailers to compete with larger players like Amazon, which has the scale and resources to offer such benefits to users. Overall, however, the expansion of Amazon's Prime program is a positive development for consumers and for the e-commerce industry as a whole. It is a clear sign that Amazon is committed to making online shopping more convenient and accessible, and that it is willing to work with other players in the industry to achieve this goal. In the coming months, it will be interesting to see how the program develops and how it is received by both retailers and consumers alike.