article: Athens (CNN) -- The leader of Greece's extreme right wing Golden Dawn party and four party lawmakers have been arrested on charges of forming a criminal gang, Athens police said Saturday. The arrests of the leader, Nikos Michaloliakos, and lawmakers Elias Kassidiaris, Elias Panagiotaros, Ioannis Lagos and Nikos Mihos are part of a crackdown following a controversial stabbing death. At least 10 more people have been arrested, including Golden Dawn party members, police said. More than 30 warrants were issued as police operations were launched across Greece Saturday. One more Golden Dawn lawmaker is still being sought, police said. Pavlos Fyssas, a popular anti-fascist figure and well-known hip-hop artist with the stage name Killah P, was the victim of the knife attack that was allegedly committed by a Golden Dawn supporter. Clashes broke out in a working-class Athens suburb last week, as Fyssas' death inflamed already growing concerns about the rising influence of Golden Dawn. The ultranationalist, anti-immigration party has been linked by critics to street violence and neo-Nazism. The violence came despite police raids of Golden Dawn offices and the arrest of a 45-year-old party supporter who police say admitted killing Pavlos Fyssas. Kassidiaris last week denied his party's involvement in Fyssas' death, calling it a "heinous crime." The singer's death has nevertheless led to renewed calls to ban Golden Dawn . The Greek constitution does not allow for political parties to be banned, however, and the party's arrested lawmakers will retain their parliamentary seats unless they are convicted of a crime. Golden Dawn holds 18 of Parliament's 300 seats. It is the first time since the restoration of democracy in 1974, following a seven-year junta, that a party leader and members of parliament have been arrested. Deputy Prime Minister Evangelos Venizelos, whose socialist Pasok party is part of the governing coalition, said last week that Golden Dawn "must be dealt with as a criminal organization." In 2012, the party rode a wave of dissatisfaction among some Greeks over internationally imposed austerity measures amid the country's deep financial crisis, winning 7% of the vote and gaining seats in parliament for the first time. Recent polls had seen support rise as high as 12%. However, since Fyssas' killing last week, opinion polls suggest that Golden Dawn's popularity has dropped. A poll carried out from September 19 to 21 by Rass, for the Eleftheros Typos newspaper, indicated that support for Golden Dawn had fallen to 5.8%, down from 8.3% on September 15. Back in 2009, before the financial crisis and ensuing austerity measures hit Greeks hard, the party polled only 0.3%.
highlights: NEW: 4 party lawmakers as well as the leader of Golden Dawn have been arrested -- police . Party leader Nikos Michaloliakos and others face charges of forming a criminal gang . The arrests are part of a crackdown following the stabbing death of a hip-hop artist . Kassidiaris has denied his party's involvement in Fyssas' death .
id: 85e02889543696f6767399fb25a20b2877a891d8
chatgpt: Greek police have arrested four lawmakers from the right-wing Golden Dawn party, including leader Nikos Michaloliakos, on charges of forming a criminal gang. The arrests were made as part of a crackdown following the stabbing death of a Greek hip-hop artist, Pavlos Fyssas, earlier this month. The party's spokesman, Ilias Kasidiaris, has denied Golden Dawn's involvement in Fyssas' death. The arrests come after the government declared the party a criminal organization and ordered a probe into its activities. Golden Dawn, which has 18 members in Greece's 300-seat parliament, has been accused of being a neo-Nazi group and of attacking immigrants and leftists. The arrests of Golden Dawn lawmakers are seen as a turning point in the government's efforts to crack down on the party. Michaloliakos and the other Golden Dawn lawmakers face charges of homicide, attempted homicide, possession of weapons, and forming a criminal organization. Greek authorities have been under increasing pressure to act against Golden Dawn following Fyssas' death. The hip-hop artist was stabbed to death in a suburb of Athens, allegedly by a Golden Dawn supporter. The killing sparked protests across Greece and calls for the party to be banned. Fyssas' death has highlighted the rise of far-right extremism in Greece, a trend that has been fueled by the country's economic troubles. Golden Dawn has tapped into growing anger over immigration and austerity, and has won support by promising to protect Greeks from both. The party's anti-immigrant stance and links to neo-Nazi groups have led to accusations that it is a fascist organization. Golden Dawn denies these allegations, saying it is a nationalist party that is fighting to protect Greek identity. The arrests of Michaloliakos and the other Golden Dawn lawmakers have been welcomed by many in Greece. "Finally, justice is being done," said Antonis Samaras, the Prime Minister of Greece. "We will not allow fascist gangs to terrorize our cities." The crackdown on Golden Dawn is seen as a major test of Greece's commitment to democracy and the rule of law. The country has been struggling to emerge from a deep economic crisis, and the rise of far-right extremism has added to the challenges it faces. The government's decision to tackle Golden Dawn head on has been praised by many, but some fear it could ignite violence. Golden Dawn has a large following and is known for its aggressive tactics. The party's supporters have been involved in clashes with leftists, immigrants, and police in the past. The arrests of Michaloliakos and the other Golden Dawn lawmakers are likely to lead to further protests and unrest in Greece. The country is already struggling with high unemployment, poverty, and social unrest. The crackdown on Golden Dawn is expected to be a long and difficult process, but many in Greece believe it is necessary to safeguard democracy and protect the country's future.