article: It seems the financial woes facing the owners of Downton Abbey are worse than anyone imagined.Cora, Countess of Grantham, has been reduced to wearing an outfit made out of a tablecloth - and her daughter Edith has a second-hand coat which is older than she is. In the new series, both of the characters have been seen clad in recycled costumes that have appeared in a host of other shows. Edith sported the garment as she travelled to London for a dalliance with her married lover (l) and The House of Eliott, 1994, costume seen on Louise Lombard as Evangeline Eliott (r) In the first episode, Edith, played by . Laura Carmichael, wore a coat that TV viewers first saw in the . Seventies. Edith sported the garment as she travelled to London for a . dalliance with her married lover Michael Gregson, played by Charles . Edwards. The transformation of Edith from dowdy spinster to sexy socialite has been a key plot-line recently - as has her family's battle to stave off  financial disaster. Edith's coat was originally worn in 1974 . by actress Rosalind Ayres when she played Christable Carstairs in an . episode of The Father Brown Mysteries. Twenty years later the coat . appeared in the BBC drama The House Of Eliott. Actress Louise Lombard, who played Evangeline Eliott, wore it in an episode broadcast in 1994. The coat then made its big-screen debut . in 1997 when an extra wore it in a film adaptation of Virginia Woolf's . Mrs Dalloway, starring Vanessa Redgrave. Lady Cora's floral-patterned white . silk coat, the material for which came from an embroidered tablecloth, . also appeared in The House Of Eliott, worn by Stella Gonet, who played . Evangeline's elder sister Beatrice. CLASSY: Downton's Lady Cora in her silk coat and Annette Forsyte wearing it in The Forsyte Saga . In . 2003, it was worn by Beatriz Batarda, who played Annette Forsyte in The . Forsyte Saga - and nine years later it made its debut  in Downton with . Lady Cora, played by Elizabeth McGovern. A spokesman for costume company Cosprop, which provided the coat for The House Of Eliott and Downton, said: 'It's a pretty coat but it also looks fresh and I think that is why it has remained popular. It is not a case of one size fits all - but it is a coat that compliments many looks. 'Susan Hampshire also wore it on TV, in The Grand, and it almost looked like a dressing gown. 'You can use it on a variety of women and it has appeared on  ladies in their 20s and 50s.' Fans should not expect to see the silk coat in any other current programmes. Cosprop has embargoed it - which means it can't be used elsewhere during the latest Downton. The history of the costumes was tracked by website Recycled Movie Costumes.
highlights: Edith wears coat in first episode of new Downton to meet her married lover . Garment first worn in 1974 by Rosalind Ayres in The Father Brown Mysteries . Twenty years later the coat appeared in the BBC drama The House Of Eliott .
id: 4a7a4b10dff751ee451093e2c880ceea97ed92ed
chatgpt: In the much-awaited first episode of the new season of Downton Abbey, viewers were treated to a surprise appearance of a vintage coat worn by Edith, Lord Grantham's daughter. Fans of the show were quick to recognize the classic garment, as it was first worn by Rosalind Ayres in 1974 for a role in The Father Brown Mysteries, and later appeared in the BBC drama The House of Eliott in the mid-1990s. The coat played a pivotal role in the episode, as Edith is seen wearing it as she sneaks out to meet her married lover, Bertie Pelham, the new land agent for the estate. As she shivers in the chilly Yorkshire countryside, viewers are treated to a close-up shot of the vintage buttons and collar, reminding us of the exquisite craftsmanship of the era. The coat, which is made of a thick, durable fabric and has a double-breasted front with large buttons, perfectly complements Edith's elegant yet understated style. The muted brown hue of the coat also adds a touch of sophistication to her ensemble, making her look every inch the aristocratic lady. Edith's wardrobe has been a talking point among fans of the show since its inception, with her style and fashion sense being the subject of many enthusiastic discussions online. The show's costume designers have always paid attention to detail, ensuring that every character's outfit is authentic to the period. It's clear that Edith's coat is no exception. The fact that the garment has survived for over 45 years is a testament to its quality and durability, and it's no surprise that the show's producers were keen to include it in the latest season. While the coat may be a vintage piece, it's clear that it still has a place in modern fashion. In recent years, we've seen a resurgence in the popularity of retro styles, with designers taking inspiration from the past and incorporating vintage elements into their collections. The fact that a coat from the 1970s has been updated and given a new lease of life in one of the most popular period dramas of all time is a prime example of this trend. Overall, Edith's vintage coat has become a much-loved part of the world of Downton Abbey, and its appearance in the latest episode is sure to delight fans of the show. It's also a reminder that quality never goes out of style, and that classic garments can be just as relevant and fashionable today as they were decades ago.