article: An Italian construction engineer abducted in Libya four months ago has been freed and is on his way home after the militia holding him was paid one million euro ransom. The Italian Foreign Ministry confirmed Marco Vallisa, 54, had been released, but provided no details of how he came to be liberated. But a security source in Libya said he had been held by 'an armed militia' who freed him after they obtained a 'ransom of around one million euros (£790,000).' The practice of paying ransoms has been heavily criticized by both U.S. President Barack Obama and British Prime Minister David Cameron. They claim 'tens of millions of dollars' have been paid to extremists in what ultimately promotes terror against Britain and other Western countries. Italian engineer Marco Vallisa was working in the coastal city of Zwara (pictured) when he was kidnapped . The fierce fighting which engulfed Libya in 2011 (pictured) has now ceased although the country remains divided by factions of militias . The source, who declined to be named, did not identify the group but also confirmed that Vallisa was on his way home. Three years after dictator Muammar Gaddafi was toppled and killed in a NATO-backed revolt, Libya is awash with weapons and powerful militias, and run by rival governments and parliaments. One of the militias, the Fajr Libya coalition of Islamists, controls the capital, Tripoli, and areas in the west of the North African country. Former Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi (pictured) was toppled and killed in a NATO-backed revolt . Vallisa was working in the coastal city of Zwara, west of Tripoli, for Italian building group Piacentini Costruzioni when he was kidnapped on July 5. Two colleagues taken with him, Bosnian Petar Matic and Emilio Gafuri from Macedonia, were released two days later. At the time Italian media said the abduction was thought to have been motivated by the possibility of securing a ransom. Marco Bricconi, the mayor of Mr Vallisa's hometown Cadeo, said his release was 'the end of a nightmare'. Vallisa's liberation leaves a total of five Italians who are thought held by abductors in various hotspots around the world. Aid workers Vanessa Marzullo and Greta Ramelli went missing in July in Syria, where Jesuit priest Paolo Dall'Oglio was kidnapped in July 2013. Engineer Gianluca Salviato was kidnapped in Libya in March and another aid worker, Giovanni Lo Porto, disappeared in the Pakistan-Afghanistan border area in January 2012.
highlights: Italian engineer on his way home after huge ransom paid for his release . Unnamed security source said his captors were paid one million euros . The practice has been criticized by U.S. and Britain for funding terrorism . His unnamed captors could be any one of a number of Libyian militias .
id: bec165571a5d9bba4ebcd82ea520fc6318d8b5ed
chatgpt: An Italian engineer has been freed and released to go home to his family after his captors received a ransom payment of one million euros. The engineer, whose name has not been released to the public, was kidnapped by an unnamed Libyan militia group while working on a project in the country. According to a security source, the ransom payment was made in order to secure his release. The practice of paying ransoms to secure the release of kidnapped individuals has been a point of contention among Western countries, such as the United States and Britain, who have criticized the practice for providing funding to terrorist organizations. In many cases, these groups use ransom payments to fund their operations and expand their influence. While the Italian government has not officially confirmed the payment of the ransom, it is believed that the payment was made with the approval and assistance of the government. Italian Foreign Minister Luigi Di Maio stated that the engineer’s release was the result of “constant and intense work” by the government and security forces. The engineer’s kidnapping is just one example of the ongoing instability and insecurity in Libya, which has been plagued by violence and conflict since the overthrow of former dictator Muammar Gaddafi in 2011. The country is currently divided between two rival governments, with armed militias controlling large swaths of territory. It is unclear which Libyan militia group was responsible for the engineer’s kidnapping, as there are numerous armed groups operating in the country. However, it is likely that the ransom payment will only serve to embolden these groups and encourage further kidnappings and extortion of foreign workers. In response to the engineer’s release, the Italian government has called for a renewed effort to address the root causes of instability in Libya and to support the country’s political transition towards a more stable and united government. The government has also reiterated its commitment to the safety and security of Italian citizens working abroad. The release of the Italian engineer marks a small victory in a country that has been plagued by violence and instability for nearly a decade. However, the use of ransom payments to secure his release raises questions about the effectiveness of this strategy and the potential consequences of funding armed groups through ransom payments. As the situation in Libya continues to be precarious, it remains to be seen how foreign governments will address the issue of kidnapping and extortion in the country.