article: (CNN) -- Roger Federer began preparations for the defense of his Wimbledon title by cruising into the quarterfinals with a crushing victory over German wildcard Cedrik-Marcel Stebe at the Halle Open Wednesday. The 17-time grand slam winner needed just 67 minutes to record a 6-3 6-3 win in his first outing since losing to France's Jo-Wilfried Tsonga at the quarterfinal stage of the French Open. Federer suffered defeat playing alongside Tommy Haas in the doubles on Monday but bounced back in comfortable fashion. "I was satisfied with my performance even if there were things I could have done better," the world number three told reporters. "I hope to get stronger with each match." Federer, 31, has not won a single title this season and is keen to get to add to the five crowns he has already won at the German tournament. The Swiss ace has reached the final seven times, winning five of those between 2003-2008, while he lost out in 2010 to Lleyton Hewitt, and to Germany's Haas last year. "Any title is good for your confidence," he added. "I want to be in the best position to do well here in Halle then at Wimbledon. I feel that my best chance is here." Federer will face German Mischa Zverev, ranked 156 in the world, in the next round. One man who won't be playing at Wimbledon is France's Gael Monfils, who has withdrawn from the tournament for personal reasons. "I've withdrawn my request for a wildcard because I've got a small personal problem to sort out during the coming week," he told reporters following his second round win over Jan Hernych in Halle. "Something unexpected has come up in the first week of Wimbledon." Monfils, ranked 67 in the world, is expected to compete at the Stuttgart clay-court tournament which starts on July 8. Elsewhere at Halle, Japan's Kei Nishikori suffered a shock three-set defeat by Russia' Mikhail Youzhny. The Russian, 30, claimed a surprise 6-1 6-7 6-3 win after a battle which lasted over two hours. Meanwhile, former World No.1 Lleyton Hewitt pulled off an impressive straight sets win over Bulgaria's rising star Grigor Dimitrov at Queen's Club in London. Hewitt, who won at Wimbledon in 2002, prevailed 6-4 6-3 in just 68 minutes. "Today's victory is going to help me immensely," he told the ATP website. "I feel like in practice, I have been hitting the ball great. It was just a matter of doing it on the match court. "My first match wasn't pretty, but I fought hard and got through it. That's what I needed to do. Then today it was a classy performance." Hewitt will play 2010 winner Sam Querrey for a place in the quarterfinals. Elsewhere, there were victories for Tomas Berdych, Alexandr Dolgopolov and British wild card Dan Evans. Andy Murray's match against Nicolas Mahut was suspended because of rain after the Briton had taken the first set 6-3.
highlights: Roger Federer wins opening match at Halle Open in Germany . The 17-time grand slam winner yet to pick up a title this year . Gael Monfils withdraws from Wimbledon for personal reasons . Lleyton Hewitt shocks Grigor Dimitrov at Queen's Club .
id: 9a2e10c1204c55029edaa33dce509cd1ae01cc6f
chatgpt: Roger Federer secured his spot in the second round of the Halle Open in Germany after a comfortable victory in his opening match. The Swiss maestro defeated lucky loser Yuichi Sugita of Japan 6-3 6-1 in just over an hour. Federer, who has won the tournament a record nine times, is yet to pick up a title this year but seemed in good form as he hit 11 aces and won 84% of his first serve points.  In other tennis news, it was announced that Gael Monfils has withdrawn from this year's Wimbledon tournament for personal reasons. The Frenchman, who is ranked 16th in the world, made the announcement on his social media accounts but did not disclose any further details. Monfils has had a mixed season so far, reaching the final in Rotterdam but struggling with injuries in recent months. His absence will be a blow to fans who had hoped to see him showcase his entertaining brand of tennis on the grass courts of SW19. Meanwhile, Lleyton Hewitt caused a shock upset after defeating Grigor Dimitrov at the Queen's Club Championships on Monday. The Australian former world number one, who is now retired from professional tennis, came out of retirement to partner with fellow Australian Alex de Minaur in the doubles competition. However, he was given a late entry into the singles draw and took full advantage by defeating Dimitrov 2-6 6-3 6-4. The Bulgarian, who was seeded fifth in the tournament, struggled to cope with Hewitt's tenacity and experience on grass. Federer will now face Jo-Wilfried Tsonga in the next round of the Halle Open, while Hewitt will take on Canadian up-and-comer Felix Auger-Aliassime in the second round of the Queen's Club Championships. Despite Federer's success at Halle, it has been a relatively quiet year for the 17-time Grand Slam winner. Federer, who turned 38 this year, has struggled with injuries and inconsistency on the court. He lost in the fourth round of the Australian Open in January and was unable to defend his title at the Miami Open due to a knee injury. Federer also skipped the clay court season in order to focus on his preparations for Wimbledon, where he has won eight titles in the past. The absence of Monfils at Wimbledon will be felt by fans who appreciate his unique brand of tennis. The Frenchman has a reputation for his acrobatic shot-making and entertaining personality on and off the court. Wimbledon is considered one of the most prestigious tennis tournaments in the world and attracts a wide range of fans from all over the globe. As for Hewitt, his victory over Dimitrov in the first round of the Queen's Club Championships will be seen as a remarkable achievement. The Australian last played singles professionally in 2016 and was not expected to pose a serious threat to the Bulgarian, who has been in good form so far this season. In conclusion, the tennis world is full of surprises and upsets, as demonstrated by the opening days of the Halle Open and Queen's Club Championships. Fans will be eagerly anticipating the further progress of Federer and Hewitt, while feeling disappointment at the withdrawal of Monfils from Wimbledon.