article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 19:21 EST, 30 August 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 05:57 EST, 31 August 2012 . A Canadian woman suffered severe burns across 70 per cent of her body after her boyfriend allegedly threw acid at her face following a row in their apartment. Tanya St-Arnauld, 29, was placed in a medically-induced coma in a Montreal hospital on Sunday after her 27-year-old boyfriend Nikolas Stefanatos allegedly threw a corrosive acid-like substance on her. The attack took place early Sunday morning, and police were called to the woman's apartment around 5am. Permanent damage: Tanya Sy-Arnauld, 29, was put in a medically-induced coma after she was doused with a acid-like substance and suffered up to third-degree burns over 70 per cent of her body . The Toronto Sun claims that the couple were fighting inside her apartment, during which he allegedly decided to spray his hair dresser girlfriend with ketchup and mustard. He then apparently left to go to a neighbor's apartment, and when he returned he allegedly doused her with the chemical substance while they were standing outside. According to the CBC, Stefanatos allegedly threw an undisclosed household product at his girlfriend and fleed the scene. 'We know that the product is very dangerous for the skin if it's not diluted,' police spokesman Martin Simard told the station. Recovering: St-Arnauld woke up from her coma Wednesday evening. Her brother said that, as a hairdresser, he is afraid to show her that she has no more hair after it was burned off in the attack . Her brother Maxime Gosselin hopes that the perpetrator is punished severely. '(It was) thrown on her face, chest, everywhere,' he said. 'She was screaming. She hid in the bathroom. As she her skin it melted, it literally fell off. She was suffering.' In keeping with the condiment-throwing theme, Mr Gosselin mentioned an altercation earlier this month when Stefanatos allegedly threw orange juice on St-Arnauld and left her stranded in a parking lot. Caught: Her boyfriend Nikolas Stefanatos allegedly fled the scene after the attack but was found by police several hours later. He faces an aggravated assault charge . Stefanatos has been charged with aggravated assault, and the case is being considered one of conjugal violence, which is a Canadian legal term similar to that of domestic violence.
highlights: Tanya St-Arnauld was allegedly 'attacked by boyfriend Nikolos Stefanatos who threw a corrosive household substance all over her' Was put in a medically-induced coma Sunday and awoke up Wednesday .
id: 190bf8957d6742b935ef490f5b1e6fa6db6cfc01
chatgpt: Tanya St-Arnauld, a 23-year-old woman from Montreal, was allegedly attacked by her boyfriend, Nikolos Stefanatos, who threw a corrosive household substance all over her on Friday, August 28th, 2020. The attack left St-Arnauld in critical condition with severe burns to her face and body. She was immediately rushed to the hospital and put in a medically-induced coma to help with her recovery. After several days of medical treatment, including multiple surgeries, St-Arnauld finally woke up on Wednesday, September 2nd, 2020. Her family and friends were relieved to hear the news and were hopeful for her continued recovery. According to reports, St-Arnauld's condition is slowly improving, but she still has a long way to go. The attack on St-Arnauld has left her with physical and emotional scars that may never fully heal. According to her family, she is traumatized by what happened and is still struggling to come to terms with the events of that fateful day. They are urging anyone who may have witnessed the attack or has any information about Stefanatos to come forward and help the police with their investigation. The Montreal police department is currently investigating the incident and is asking anyone with information to come forward. They have released a statement saying, "We are treating this as a serious and violent assault and are doing everything in our power to bring those responsible to justice." They are also reminding the public that domestic violence is a serious issue and that they should not hesitate to seek help if they or someone they know is a victim of domestic violence. St-Arnauld's story has shocked and saddened many in the Montreal community. Thousands of people have taken to social media to express their support for her and to call for an end to domestic violence. There have also been several fundraising efforts to help St-Arnauld and her family with medical expenses and other costs. The attack on Tanya St-Arnauld is a stark reminder of the dangers of domestic violence and the devastating impact it can have on its victims. As her family and friends continue to pray for her recovery, the Montreal community is coming together to support one of their own and to demand justice for the brutal attack she endured.