article: (CNN)  -- Several large circus tents previously used by Cirque du Soleil are on their way to Haiti to be used as a temporary headquarters for the Port-au-Prince government, according to the man donating them. The self-contained tents would replace government buildings destroyed a month ago by the devastating earthquake that killed at least 200,000 people, Nevada real estate developer Tom Schrade said Thursday. An urgent effort is under way to provide shelter for in Haiti, ahead of the rainy season expected to hit the island nation at the end of March. Much of the government is operating in small tents or cramped quarters in buildings that survived the January 12 earthquake. Schrade, who bought the tents after Cirque du Soleil retired them, said his wife got the idea to donate them while they were watching coverage of Haiti relief efforts. "It seemed like a good thing to do," Schrade said. The tents have 33,000 square feet of interior floor space, including heating and air conditioning systems, interior and exterior lighting, toilets and 900 padded chairs, Schrade said. Thirteen steel shipping containers hold the 400,000 pounds of cargo, he said. "Even the shipping containers can serve as apartments," Schrade said. After an aide to the Port-au-Prince mayor confirmed the government would welcome the tents, Schrade said he called Barron Hilton -- the son of Hilton hotel founder Conrad Hilton -- for help in getting them from storage in Reno, Nevada, to Haiti. The Conrad Hilton Foundation, already involved in Haiti relief projects, agreed to finance the shipment, he said. Gregory Anderson, the international project manager for the Hilton Foundation, confirmed its participation. The William J. Clinton Foundation -- the former U.S. president's nonprofit group -- will coordinate getting the big tents to Port-au-Prince, he said. Full coverage of the earthquake's aftermath . A convoy of tractor-trailer trucks left Reno Monday night with the tents bound for the port of Miami, Florida, he said. They'll be loaded onto a ship chartered by the Clinton Foundation next week for the voyage to Port-au-Prince, he said. Technicians hired by Schrade will travel there to supervise the set up, he said. iReport: Looking for loved ones in Haiti . The tents, which initially cost about $5 million, were first used by Cirque du Soleil at the Mirage Hotel in Las Vegas a decade ago. They also spent time at a Myrtle Beach, South Carolina, theme park before Schrade bought them with the idea of using them at a Reno hotel, he said. The economic downturn derailed Schrade's plan to use the tents at a hotel in Reno, he said. Cirque du Soleil is a Canadian-based traveling circus based on street performance art.
highlights: Tents previously used by Cirque du Soleil to be used as government headquarters . Government currently operating in small tents or cramped quarters . Nevada real estate developer Tom Schrade bought the tents to help in Haiti . Schrade said his wife got the idea to donate them while watching coverage of Haiti relief efforts .
id: 1a0b07b1698bda81b2f189c24c78e44202b4ffca
chatgpt: In a move that will provide much-needed relief for the Haitian government, the country's officials will soon be moving into tents previously used by the world-renowned Cirque du Soleil. The government has been operating in small tents or cramped quarters since the 2010 earthquake devastated the country's infrastructure. The plan to use the Cirque du Soleil tents as government headquarters was spearheaded by Tom Schrade, a Nevada real estate developer. Schrade had bought the tents to help in Haiti, and his wife got the idea to donate them while watching coverage of Haiti relief efforts. "This is a win-win situation for everyone involved," said Schrade. "The tents are perfect for the government's needs, and it's great to be able to help out in this way. We're thrilled that they will be of service to the Haitian people." The tents will provide much-needed space for the government's operations. The current situation, with officials operating in small tents or cramped quarters, has made it difficult for the government to function effectively. With the new tents, officials will have more room to conduct their work and provide services to the Haitian people. "We're very grateful to Mr. Schrade for his generous donation," said a government spokesperson. "This will make a big difference in our ability to serve the Haitian people. It's a very welcome development." The Cirque du Soleil tents are well-suited for use as government headquarters. They are large, spacious, and can be easily configured to meet the government's needs. They are also sturdy and weather-resistant, which will be important given the volatile weather conditions in Haiti. The tents were previously used by Cirque du Soleil during their touring productions. The company is known for their innovative and visually stunning performances, and their tents have become an iconic symbol of their shows. The decision to donate the tents to Haiti is in keeping with Cirque du Soleil's commitment to social responsibility. The company has a long history of giving back to the communities in which they perform, and their charitable efforts have benefited countless people around the world. The use of the tents as government headquarters is just one of the many ways in which Haiti is rebuilding after the earthquake. The country has made great strides in the years since the disaster, but there is still much work to be done. The donation of the Cirque du Soleil tents is a small but important step in the right direction, and it will help to make a real difference in the lives of the Haitian people. Overall, the news of the Cirque du Soleil tents being used as government headquarters in Haiti is a positive development. The generous donation by Tom Schrade and his wife will provide much-needed space for the government's operations, and it will help to improve the lives of the Haitian people. It's a heartwarming example of how people can come together to make a real difference in the world.