article: (CNN) -- A Canadian man is accused of opening fire in a court building in the Philippines on Tuesday, killing two people and wounding himself and one other person, authorities said. The incident is likely to add to the debate over stricter controls on firearms in the country, which has been rattled by a series of recent shootings. Read related: Gunman kills 9 in house-to-house rampage in Philippine town . The official Philippines News Agency (PNA) reported that the gunman "went berserk" at the Hall of Justice the city of Cebu. It identified the suspect in the case as John Pope, a Canadian. Facing a criminal case in the courts, the gunman fatally shot the complainant in the case, who was believed to be a doctor, and the doctor's lawyer, the Philippine Supreme Court said, citing initial police reports. Besides the gunman, the other person wounded in the attack was Maria Theresa Casino, a prosecutor who is in a critical condition, according to the PNA. The Supreme Court said that the names of those involved were still being verified and that it was sending an official to Cebu to investigate the shooting. The Supreme Court has supervisory responsibilities over such court buildings in the Philippines, the PNA cited Prosecutor General Claro Arellano as saying. Arellona said there had been a severe lapse in security at the building in Cebu and called on the Supreme Court to take steps to prevent if from happening again. Cebu police officials weren't immediately available to comment on the matter. Earlier this month, a gunman went from house to house in a town near the capital, Manila, killing at least 9 people. And on New Year's Eve, a 7-year-old girl died after being shot in the head amid celebratory gunfire. The country's Firearms and Explosives Office says there were 1.2 million registered firearms in the Philippines as of last year, according to CNN affiliate ABS-CBN. On top of that, the office estimates there were 600,000 unlicensed firearms in circulation nationwide. Government officials have suggested that better enforcement of existing gun laws is required rather than the introduction of new rules.
highlights: NEW: The man suspected of carrying out the shooting is Canadian, authorities say . NEW: A prosecutor is in a critical condition after the attack . The shooter's victims are believed to include the complainant in his case . The suspect is wounded in the attack, authorities say .
id: 5c02a04a8b9774a6c9e1d77ced2d9b104183d846
chatgpt: Authorities have confirmed that the man behind a recent shooting in Canada is Canadian himself. The shooting, which occurred in a courthouse, reportedly left a prosecutor in critical condition, and is said to have involved the defendant in a case being heard at the time. Details about the shooter and his motivations are still scant, but authorities have announced that the man is currently hospitalized with wounds of his own. Reports suggest that he may have specifically targeted the prosecuting attorney to exact revenge for perceived wrongdoing in his case. According to witnesses, chaos broke out when the shooting began. "Everyone started running in different directions," said one bystander. "People were screaming and crying." The courthouse was quickly locked down by police, as officers swarmed the scene in their efforts to detain the shooter. It's unclear what led to the attacker's initial grievances with either the prosecution team or the complaintant in his case. The authorities have stated that an investigation into the shooting is ongoing, which may yield more information about the attacker's motives and background. They have also encouraged members of the public to come forward with any information that may be relevant to the case. Despite the tragedy, many have expressed gratitude for the swift actions of the first responders on the scene. "We'll do our best to help assist with the healing of the victims, their families and all the people that were affected," said a police spokesperson in a statement. The incident has also left many troubled by the broader implications for courthouse security and the threat of violence that can face those working within the justice system on a daily basis. It's expected that the shooting will prompt renewed discussion about fortifying measures and increasing security at courthouses and other legal spaces in Canada and elsewhere. For now, however, the focus remains on finding answers about the shooter's motivations, and support for those impacted by the senseless violence perpetrated in the courthouse last week.