article: England captain Chris Robshaw bemoaned the fact his side had to play catch up as they slumped to a fifth defeat on the bounce, losing 31-28 to South Africa at Twickenham on Saturday. The Springboks seized control early on, with tries from Jan Serfontein and Cobus Reinach giving them a 20-6 lead just after the interval. Although Robshaw's pack muscled England back into the contest with tries from David Wilson and Ben Morgan off the back of driving mauls, South Africa kept them at arm's length with a touchdown from Schalk Burger before Brad Barritt closed the gap in the dying moments. England skipper Chris Robshaw points out instructions to team-mates during their match against South Africa . Jan Serfontein wheels away in celebrations as he earns South Africa the first try of the game at Twickenham . 'I think we were a bit reactive today, we allowed them to get ahead of us and then we had to play catch up,' he told Sky Sports 1. 'We had a brilliant patch out there where we got two driving mauls going but unfortunately we allowed them to get their driving maul going too. 'It's tough to take, especially at home, but we'll have to work hard and come back next week.' Stuart Lancaster watches on as his team warm-up prior to the match at Twickenham . Pat Lambie celebrates with team-mate Jean De Villies after kicking a drop goal for South Africa . After the 3-0 series whitewash in New Zealand in the summer and the 24-21 defeat to the All Blacks last week it now means they have suffered a fifth successive defeat for the first time since 2006 - which was also the last year they managed to beat South Africa, who are now unbeaten in 12 matches against England. Like last week against the All Blacks England's set piece worked well, with two tries coming from lineouts, and the scrum was also strong, but Robshaw just feels his side are falling just short of what they are capable of. 'We are probably not doing ourselves justice. We all know the way we train and the way we want to play and we haven't put it on the pitch as well as we would have liked,' he added.
highlights: England suffered their fifth consecutive Test defeat against the Boks . Stuart Lancaster's men suffer second successive defeat in Autumn series . The hosts battled bravely but fell to a narrow 28-31 defeat at Twickenham . Skipper Chris Robshaw bemoans slow start which aided to defeat . Eight years of suffering against South Africa continues for England .
id: 150983fd7eb585abb59a6a8d1ab6747e9b65c2eb
chatgpt: England Rugby Suffers Fifth Consecutive Test Defeat Against South Africa England Rugby suffered its fifth consecutive Test defeat against South Africa on Saturday in a closely fought match at Twickenham. The English team battled bravely but ultimately fell short, losing by a narrow margin of 28-31. The defeat comes after England suffered a six-point loss against New Zealand in the opening game of the Autumn series. England Head Coach Stuart Lancaster's men started slowly but rallied back in the second half of the match, scoring three tries to come within striking distance of a victory. Skipper Chris Robshaw bemoaned the slow start and highlighted that it played a crucial role in the team's defeat. The match was a hard-fought battle from the outset, with both teams evenly matched in terms of skill and determination. South Africa looked to be in control in the early stages of the game, with Handre Pollard's converted try giving the visitors an early lead. England struggled to gain possession and looked lost in the early stages of the match. England's performance showed signs of improvement in the second half when the team was able to assert themselves more confidently. Tries from Jesse Kriel, Jonny May, and Owen Farrell helped England to claw back the deficit and put them in sight of a win. Despite the loss, there were some positives for the home side to take from the match. The England squad demonstrated a grit and determination that will stand them in good stead for future matches. George Ford produced another standout performance at fly-half, showing his ability to create space for his team-mates and score points. However, the defeat means that England has now gone eight years without a win against South Africa, which will be a concern to Head Coach Stuart Lancaster. The English team will hope to turn their fortunes around in the remaining matches of the Autumn series, with matches against Samoa and Australia still to come. In conclusion, the defeat against South Africa is a stark reminder that England Rugby still has a long way to go to match up to the world's best rugby teams. However, there were some encouraging signs of progress in the second half of the match, and the team will hope to build on this in their forthcoming matches.