article: Queensland's police commissioner says he has information an improvised explosive device (IED) is involved in the hostage drama in central Sydney. Ian Stewart has told the Queensland government that information was 'firming up' that an IED is involved in the siege in Sydney, which is in New South Wales state. Mr Stewart has also told the government there is no imminent local threat in Queensland, although extra police have been ordered onto Queensland streets as a precaution. Scroll down for video . Queensland's Commissioner of Police Ian Stewart has information that an improvised explosive device is involved in the hostage drama in central Sydney . 'The action that we've taken though is to reassure the public that Queensland is being adequately policed,' Mr Stewart told state cabinet on Monday. 'We have ordered as many police onto the streets as possible this morning. We've also upgraded the security for this (executive) building again, just until we know what's happening down in Sydney.' Up to 50 people are believed to have been taken hostage at the Lindt Chocolat Cafe, where an Islamic flag has been pressed up against a window. Mr Stewart (centre) ordered as many police on the streets of Queensland as possible on Monday to 'reassure the public that Queensland is being adequately policed' At least one man who is believed to be armed with a gun, a machete and possibly explosives is behind the hostage crisis, but NSW police have not confirmed any details of the suspects or possible weapons being used. Mr Stewart said he'd been in touch with NSW Police Commissioner Andrew Scipione to offer support. A national phone hook-up of state and federal security authorities was held after the cabinet briefing. Mr Stewart also revealed there was an 'ever so slight' connection between two men arrested on suspicion of terror-related offences in Sydney earlier on Monday and those arrested in raids in Queensland in September. Agim Kruezi is one of three Queensland men charged with terror-related offences including supporting terrorist groups in Syria . Three Queensland men have been charged with terror-related offences including supporting terrorist groups in Syria. They include Agim Kruezi, 22, who is accused of supporting terrorists in Syria and planning an attack on Australian soil. Kruezi was arrested after police raids in Queensland in September .
highlights: Queensland state police commissioner says he is 'firming up' an improvised explosive device is involved . He told the government there is no imminent local threat in the state, although extra police have been ordered onto Queensland streets . Two men arrested on suspicion of terror-related offences in Sydney on Monday may be related to arrests made in Queensland in September . Three Queensland men have been charged with terror-related offences including supporting terrorist groups in Syria .
id: 12f6cd3996ededee33b02c0610d54a0eca9b655c
chatgpt: The Queensland state police commissioner has warned that an improvised explosive device (IED) may be involved in a potential terror threat in the state. Speaking to the government, the commissioner stated that there is no immediate threat to the public, but added that extra police have been ordered to patrol the streets of Queensland. The commissioner's announcement comes on the heels of the arrest of two men in Sydney on Monday, suspected to have been involved in terrorism-related activities. There are indications that these arrests may be related to a similar incident that took place in Queensland in September when three men were taken into custody on charges of supporting terrorist groups operating in Syria. The arrests in Queensland sent shockwaves throughout the community, as it was the first time such an incident had taken place in the state. Reports suggested that the men had been 'radicalized' and had been planning to carry out an attack on Australian soil. The incident led to the formation of a task force, comprised of members of the Australian Federal Police and the Queensland Police Service, to investigate the case. The task force was also tasked with identifying other individuals who may have been involved in terrorist-related activities in the state. With the recent arrest of the two suspects in Sydney, there is now suspicion that the two incidents may be linked. Police have not released any further information regarding the arrests or whether the suspects have been charged. The Queensland state police commissioner has urged the public to remain vigilant and report any suspicious activities to the authorities. "We take this threat very seriously and are doing everything possible to ensure the safety of the public," he said. Meanwhile, members of the Muslim community in Queensland have condemned the two recent incidents, stating that these actions do not represent the teachings of Islam. They have urged the public not to conflate the actions of a few extremists with the broader Muslim community. The investigation into the two incidents in Sydney and Queensland is ongoing, and more information is likely to be released in the coming days. The public is reminded that if they see anything suspicious, they are encouraged to contact the authorities immediately.