article: (CNN) -- Ivory Coast striker Didier Drogba confirmed his switch to China's Shanghai Shenhua on Wednesday, a move which will reunite him with former Chelsea teammate Nicolas Anelka. Drogba announced he would leave Chelsea days after scoring the penalty which beat Bayern Munich in last month's European Champions League final, and the 34-year-old has signed a two-year deal to become the Chinese Super League's latest high-profile star. The two-time African footballer of the year will reportedly be paid Â£200,000 ($315,000) a week, which would make him China's highest-paid player. "I have considered all the offers I have received in the past few weeks, but feel that Shanghai Shenhua FC is the right move for me at this time," said Drogba in a statement released through his representatives. "I am looking forward to a new challenge, to experiencing a new culture, and I'm excited about the new developments in the Chinese Super League. "I hope to help promote Chinese football around the world and further improve the links between China and Africa." Former France international Anelka made the move from Stamford Bridge to Shanghai in January and even had a brief spell as the team's coach following Jean Tigana's exit in April. Former Argentina coach Sergio Batista is now in charge of the team, and he is looking forward to working with former Marseille star Drogba. "Drogba is a very good soccer player, his outstanding skills and amazing experience will give us motivation to improve our games," said Argentina's 1986 World Cup winner. "It is my honor to invite him to join in our team. At last I have to say that the club owner Zhu Jun did his utmost to bring Drogba to Shenhua." Shanghai is currently 12th in the league, with only three wins all season. But Shenhua owner Zhu is confident Drogba can have a positive impact on results as he seeks his first title since taking over in 2007 -- and the club's first since 2003. Drogba scored 157 goals for Chelsea in his eight seasons at the club, winning three English Premier League titles, four FA Cups and two League Cups as well as the London club's long-awaited first European crown. "We have been wanting to sign Didier for a while, and are very happy that it has finally happened," said Zhu. "He is an incredible player, who has won so many trophies in his career, we feel that his experience and ability will be a very valuable asset to our squad. "Shanghai is one of the most influential cities in the world, and we are very excited to welcome Didier here." Drogba and Anelka are two of a number of soccer stars to have joined China's premier football competition. Italy's World Cup-winning coach Marcello Lippi is now in charge at Guangzhou Evergrande, an ambitious club who in the last year have signed Argentine Dario Conca and Paraguay's Lucas Barrios.
highlights: Didier Drogba signs a two-year deal with China's Shanghai Shenhua . The Ivory Coast striker announced he would leave Chelsea last month . Drogba scored the penalty which won Chelsea the European Champions League . The 34-year-old will be reunited with former Chelsea teammate Nicolas Anelka .
id: 0bc467a675e5f5980d98d6c94ed2e4fc2a1b0e97
chatgpt: Ivory Coast and Chelsea legend Didier Drogba has signed a two-year deal with China's Shanghai Shenhua, the club announced today. The 34-year-old striker, who announced his departure from Chelsea last month, brings his illustrious career to China's Super League, a move that is expected to further boost the sport's popularity in the country. Drogba played a pivotal role in Chelsea's triumph in the European Champions League last season, scoring the winning penalty in the final against Bayern Munich. As the most successful African player in the history of the Premier League, Drogba scored 157 goals in 341 appearances in all competitions for Chelsea. "I am very proud to sign for Shanghai Shenhua and look forward to the challenge of playing in the Chinese Super League," Drogba said in a statement. "I am excited to have the opportunity to be reunited with my former teammate Nicolas Anelka, and to help the club achieve its goals. Anelka, who joined Shanghai Shenhua earlier this year, welcomed the addition of Drogba to the club. "I am delighted to have my former teammate Didier Drogba join me at Shanghai Shenhua," Anelka said. "He is a top-quality player with a wealth of experience and will be a fantastic asset to the team. I look forward to playing alongside him again and helping the club to achieve its ambitions." Drogba's move to China comes at a time when the sport is growing in popularity in the country, with the Chinese Super League attracting a number of high-profile players in recent years. The addition of Drogba is expected to further boost the league's profile, as well as provide a boost to the sport's popularity in general. Drogba will also have the opportunity to work with former Chelsea teammate and current Shanghai Shenhua coach Sergio Batista. "I am delighted to welcome Didier Drogba to Shanghai Shenhua," Batista said. "He is a world-class player with a wealth of experience at the highest level, and will be a fantastic addition to our squad. I am looking forward to working with him and helping the club to achieve its goals." Drogba is set to earn a reported £200,000 per week at Shanghai Shenhua, making him one of the highest paid players in world football. His signing is also expected to have a significant impact on the club's commercial activities, with the Ivory Coast striker boasting a massive global fan base. Drogba's move to China marks the latest chapter in a glittering career that has seen him win multiple titles with Chelsea, as well as achieve success with the Ivory Coast national team. While many are sad to see him leave the Premier League, Drogba's move to China is seen as a reflection of the growing influence of the Chinese Super League in world football. It remains to be seen whether he will be able to replicate his success in China, but one thing is for sure – he will be a key figure in the growth of the sport in the country.