article: European migrant jobseekers should be barred from claiming the Government’s new  benefit, Iain Duncan Smith has said. The Work and Pensions Secretary insisted access to universal credit, which is replacing all the main unemployment and sickness handouts, as well as tax credits, should be ‘much tighter’. Mr Duncan Smith, the most Eurosceptic member of the Cabinet, suggested there should be an indefinite ban on unemployed EU incomers looking for work from claiming. Scroll down for video . Iain Duncan Smith, Secretary of State for Work and Pensions, wants jobseekers to be barred from claiming the Government’s new out-of-work benefit . ‘We have already introduced a series of measures to tighten up access to benefits: no longer can people come here from abroad and expect to get something for nothing. But there’s still more to do, which is why I am proposing that under universal credit EEA [European Economic Area] jobseekers will not be eligible to claim,’ he said. ‘Universal credit is much tighter because if you are unemployed and you come here you will not be able to claim… so that cracks down on benefit tourism. ‘The Prime Minister has made it very clear that he is determined to get changes made so that countries like Britain can limit the number of people who come to Britain over time from different countries - and that will affect universal credit.’ Mr Duncan Smith predicted most British benefit claimants will transferred onto the universal credit scheme by the end of 2018, a slower timetable than originally proposed. He said employers have long found those on benefits unwilling to accept part-time or temporary jobs, since they risk losing tax credits, housing benefit or other handouts for positions that may not be secure, and turned to foreign workers. But Mr Duncan Smith said universal credit, which guarantees that claimants are always better off working, even part-time, was creating a new boon in such positions for the British unemployed. David Cameron is facing a fight to curb EU immigration and foreign workers' access to benefits after the new European Commission president Jean-Claude Juncker said he would not 'compromise' on Brussels' freedom of movement rules . Universal credit will generate £7 billion a year in economic benefits, largely due to up to an additional 300,000 households finding work once the programme is fully implemented, he said. The new benefit combines income-based jobseeker’s allowance, employment and support allowance, income support, child tax credit, working tax credit and housing benefit in an attempt to simplify the Byzantine welfare system. Crucially, it means it is always worth people’s while to take a job or more hours if they already have one. Mr Duncan Smith also revealed that as universal credit is rolled out across the country, he plans to impose new conditions on those working part-time to push them to do more.
highlights: Work and Pensions Secretary said universal credit should be restricted . The new benefit is replacing all main unemployment and sickness handouts . Universal credit will also take in tax credits for working families . Tory minister said access to new welfare payment should be 'much tighter'
id: 684ab3b72adb63437217fe7a5bf0b7901016db63
chatgpt: In a controversial move, the Work and Pensions Secretary has indicated that she believes access to universal credit should be restricted. The new benefit is designed to replace all main unemployment and sickness handouts, as well as taking in tax credits for working families, but concerns have been raised about the fairness of the system and the level of support it provides. The Work and Pensions Secretary, Amber Rudd, is a member of the Conservative party and has been a vocal supporter of the government's welfare reform agenda. She has argued that the new system will simplify the benefits system and make it more efficient, but critics have pointed out that the benefits being replaced, including Jobseeker's Allowance and Employment and Support Allowance, were already notoriously difficult to access for many claimants, resulting in a rise in poverty and homelessness. In a speech to the Resolution Foundation, a think tank focused on improving living standards for low- and middle-income families, Ms. Rudd argued that access to universal credit should be "much tighter" in order to ensure that it is only available to those who truly need it. She cited concerns about fraud and errors in the current system, which have led to some claimants receiving incorrect payments or having to wait weeks or even months before receiving any support at all.  The Work and Pensions Secretary also acknowledged that universal credit has proven to be a controversial benefit, with many claimants reporting that it has left them worse off than they were under the old system. She promised to work with other government departments to improve the administration of the system and to ensure that it provides better support for those in need. Universal credit has been a key part of the government's welfare reform agenda since it was first introduced in 2013. The aim was to simplify the benefits system and make it easier for people to claim financial support, while also encouraging claimants to work. However, the system has been dogged by controversy, with critics arguing that it is too complicated, too inflexible, and does not provide enough support for those in need. Ms. Rudd's comments are likely to be seen as a further sign that the government is determined to push ahead with its welfare reform agenda, despite growing concerns about the impact it is having on some of the most vulnerable members of society. While the Work and Pensions Secretary has promised to work to improve the system, many campaigners and charities have warned that the changes are simply not working and are causing more harm than good. In conclusion, the Work and Pensions Secretary's call for tighter access to universal credit is likely to reignite the debate about the fairness and effectiveness of the benefits system. While some will welcome her comments as a sign that the government is taking concerns seriously, others will be dismayed that the government is still determined to push ahead with its welfare reform agenda, regardless of the consequences for those who depend on the benefits system to survive. It remains to be seen whether Ms. Rudd's promises will be enough to convince her critics that universal credit is a system that truly works for everyone.