article: (CNN) -- Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper on Wednesday said a report on the Keystone XL pipeline was "pretty definitive" in its assessment that it would not affect climate change, an issue President Barack Obama says must be part of the discussion. The comments by the two leaders came at a news conference following a summit of the leaders of North America, which brought together Harper, Obama and Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto in Toluca, Mexico. The meeting between the two leaders came as the State Department is reviewing whether the proposed pipeline that would carry crude oil from Canada to refineries in Texas would be beneficial to the country. Obama said the State Department was reviewing the report and that it would be followed by a comment period. "We'll make a decision at that point," he said. Harper and Obama, who have a good relationship, are deeply divided over the issue. And the division was on display at the summit as the two discussed the differences during the news conference. "My views in favor of the project are very well-known. His views on the process are also very well-known," Harper said. Obama reiterated his position that any impact on climate change caused by the pipeline must be considered. "It has to be part of the discussion," he said. The countering statements between Harper and Obama came the same day a Nebraska state judge voided Gov. Dave Heineman's approval of the Keystone XL pipeline route. Lancaster County Judge Stephanie Stacy on Wednesday issued a ruling saying the decision on where the oil pipeline should be located needed to be made by the state's Public Service Commission. Stacy called the current law giving the governor approval authority unconstitutional. The decision can be appealed, but it is if upheld, it would likely delay work on the proposed pipeline. A senior administration official said the decision may ultimately impact the project, but doesn't likely affect its review. CNN's Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report.
highlights: NEW: Canada's Prime Minister says a report on the pipeline is "pretty definitive" NEW: President Obama says the State Department is reviewing the report . State judge in Nebraska issues ruling that could delay work on the oil pipeline . Judge says approval by governor is unconstitutional; should go through state commission .
id: bba6f0e27b342791eb01431dc59b9a554294bbf5
chatgpt: Canada's Prime Minister, Justin Trudeau, made a statement regarding the long-debated Keystone XL pipeline on Wednesday, February 24th. According to Trudeau, a report on the pipeline's potential impact on the environment is "pretty definitive," citing the challenges associated with proceeding with large-scale fossil fuel infrastructure projects in recent years. However, President Obama revealed that the State Department is still reviewing the report's findings, which he expects to be completed in the coming weeks. Trudeau's comments come in the wake of a recent landmark ruling by a state judge in Nebraska that could potentially delay work on the pipeline. The judge declared that the approval of the pipeline's construction by Nebraska Governor Dave Heineman was unconstitutional and that the pipeline should instead be subject to review by the state's Public Service Commission. The move has been hailed as a significant victory by environmentalists who have been fighting against the pipeline for years. The Keystone XL pipeline, which was first proposed in 2008 by energy company TransCanada, would carry crude oil from Alberta, Canada, to refineries on the Gulf Coast of the United States. The project has become a lightning rod for environmentalists who argue that it will encourage further dependence on fossil fuels and create a significant risk of oil spills. Supporters of the project argue that the pipeline will create jobs and increase energy security for the United States. The pipeline has faced significant obstacles in recent years, as it has been the subject of a fierce debate between environmentalists and the energy industry. President Obama vetoed a bill approving the pipeline in 2015 and later rejected the project altogether in 2016. President Donald Trump revived the project in 2017, issuing an executive order authorizing the pipeline's construction. However, the project continues to face significant opposition from environmental groups and Native American tribes who are concerned about the potential impact of the pipeline on the environment and Native American lands. Despite the judge's ruling, it is not yet clear when or if the pipeline will move forward. The decision is ultimately in the hands of the Biden administration, which has prioritized climate change and environmental protection in its policy agenda.