article: Manuel Pellegrini is not worried about Manchester City's Premier League preparations despite a heavy 3-0 defeat to Arsenal in the Community Shield curtain raiser. The Premier League champions looked second-best at Wembley with less than a week to go until they open the defence of their title against Newcastle. But their Chilean coach is still confident he can get his side up to scratch by the time they visit St James’ Park - and he also believes he could have a deal for Eliaquim Mangala wrapped up by then to boost City's threadbare defence. VIDEO Scroll down to watch  Pellegrini answers a question about selecting no Englishman . Working things out: Manuel Pellegrini was not impressed with his side but believes they will be ready . Difficulties: Pellegrini was troubled by his side's performance but is still confident of sorting things out in time . 'It was not a good performance,' Pellegrini admitted. 'We played with a lack of pace that’s not usual in our team. I don’t know what happened. 'In the second half we improved - we had the chances but Arsenal scored with their only shot in the half. We have to talk about it and try to arrange it.' But Pellegrini is not bothered by the pace problems of his side - or anything else, seemingly, as he looks to make City only the third club to successfully defend the Premier League title. Get it sorted: The deal for Eliaquim Mangala is now just down to some missing papers, Pellegrini says . VIDEO Mangala seen in Manchester City . 'I’m not so worried about the pace. We had important players missing today. I’m sure we’ll be ready to start the Premier League on Sunday. 'In the Premier League you have five or six teams who can win. In this moment we must demonstrate why we won the title this year. We have a lot of chances because we have a strong squad.' When asked about whether a deal for Mangala would get over the line the City boss said: 'I hope. 'I think some papers are missing but we continue having an interest in the player and the player wants to come so we’ll see what will happen during the week.' Painful sight: City's players, led by Yaya Toure, could only watch on as Arsenal lifted the Community Shield .
highlights: Manchester City looked poor in 3-0 defeat to Arsenal at Wembley . But Pellegrini says the champions will be ready in time for Premier League . They face Newcastle at St James' Park in their season opener on Sunday . Chilean coach is hoping to get French defender deal over the line soon . He says 'some papers are missing' but the transfer seems to be imminent .
id: fd558d28f8e446a1fdfeb23d2cfe2c9135dc967c
chatgpt: Manchester City suffered a heavy 3-0 defeat to Arsenal in the Community Shield at Wembley, and the performance left many fans and analysts concerned about their chances in the upcoming Premier League season. However, manager Manuel Pellegrini has insisted that his team will be ready for the season opener against Newcastle United on Sunday. Despite the poor showing against Arsenal, Pellegrini remains confident in his team's ability to bounce back. Speaking to reporters after the match, the Chilean coach acknowledged that there is still work to be done before the new season, but said that his players are focused on improving their form ahead of their first match. "We know that we didn't play well against Arsenal, but we have plenty of time to prepare for the start of the Premier League," Pellegrini said. "The players are determined to bounce back and show everyone what they are capable of." Pellegrini also revealed that he is close to securing the signature of a French defender, but that there are still some issues to be resolved before the deal can be finalized. "We are working hard to bring in some new players to strengthen our squad, and I am hopeful that we can get this deal done soon," he said. "There are still some papers that need to be sorted out, but everything seems to be pointing towards a positive outcome." Manchester City supporters will be hoping that the new signing, who has not been named, can add some much-needed depth and quality to their back line. The team struggled defensively last season, and Pellegrini will be looking to shore up his defense ahead of what is expected to be another challenging Premier League campaign. Despite the setback against Arsenal, Manchester City are still considered one of the favorites to win the title this season. The club has invested heavily in new signings over the summer, and the likes of Kevin De Bruyne, Raheem Sterling, and Fabian Delph are expected to make a significant impact in midfield. With their first match against Newcastle just days away, Pellegrini and his players will need to quickly put their disappointing performance at Wembley behind them and focus on the task at hand. The season opener at St James' Park will be a tough test, but Manchester City will be hoping to get their campaign off to a winning start.