article: Muhammad Ali is loved across the world, but his three visits to London cemented a special bond with the British public. Over the space of three years, Ali won each of his fights against the best Britain had to offer, starting with his first clash with Henry Cooper in 1963. Despite being dropped by Enry's 'Ammer in the fourth round, Ali - then known as Cassius Clay - won by stoppage in the fifth, just as he had predicted. Ali returned to the capital three years later for two fights in the space of three months. Having won the world heavyweight title against Sonny Liston, he made a third successful defence in his rematch with Cooper at Highbury, then home to Arsenal. In August, he fought at Earls Court Arena, knocking out Brian London in the third round. Away from the ring, however, Ali was photographed at various London landmarks as he prepared for his three fights. Here, Sportsmail takes you back through the scrapbook to a golden age in heavyweight prizefighting. Everton supporters who were in London to see their team play Sheffield Wednesday in the 1966 FA Cup final watch Muhammad Ali shadow box . Ali leaves his London hotel for early morning training in preparation for his rematch with Henry Cooper, accompanied by two police officers . Accompanied by his brother Rahaman Ali (background),  Ali returns to his hotel ahead of his fight against Brian London in summer 1966 . Ali was adhering to an intensive routine which started at 5am - he had predicted he would beat Cooper in five rounds in their first meeting . Ali, hooded and in heavy boots, overtakes a horse-drawn carriage during an early morning training session in Hyde Park in 1966 . Ali, accompanied by training partner Jimmy Ellis, runs along Regent Street (left) in 1963 and near the White City gym (right) three years later . Ali prepares for his fight with Cooper which would take place at Wembley Stadium with Ali winning in the fifth round, as he predicted . Ali trains in Rotten Row in Hyde Park with his sparring partner Ellis in 1966. The pair pause as they are joined by a tiny poodle, Cindy. Ali takes a rest in Hyde Park ahead of his fight with Cooper. He would later have a rematch with the British heavyweight, stopping him in six .
highlights: Former heavyweight champion of the world Muhammad Ali fought in London three times in the space of three years . His first was a non-title fight against Henry Cooper in which he survived a fourth-round knockdown to beat the Brit . Ali returned to the capital three years later for a rematch with Cooper - the American won in the sixth round . His final trip to London on official business came three months later when he stopped Brian London at Earls Court . CLICK HERE for all the latest boxing news .
id: aa02aecec0ea9e6e17c76971a37e892e01856caa
chatgpt: Former heavyweight champion Muhammad Ali, who is widely regarded as one of the greatest boxers of all time, fought in London three times in the space of three years. During that time, he faced some of Britain's top boxing talent and solidified his status as one of the sport's greatest icons. Ali's first foray into the British boxing scene was in a non-title fight against Henry Cooper. Cooper, who was known for his hard-hitting left hook, managed to knock Ali down in the fourth round of their fight. However, this did not deter Ali, who managed to get back up and rally to beat the Brit in the end. The fight was a massive success and helped put Ali on the map as a force to be reckoned with in professional boxing. Three years later, Ali returned to London for a rematch with Cooper. This time around, the American fighter was more prepared for Cooper's arsenal of punches and dominated the fight. In the sixth round, Ali finally managed to land a decisive blow that sent Cooper to the mat and secured the victory. Following his impressive victory over Cooper, Ali returned to London just three months later for a bout with Brian London at Earls Court. This time around, Ali was even more dominant, stopping London in the third round to capture yet another victory. His final trip to London on official business was a fitting end to an incredible series of fights in the city. Ali's time in London helped establish him as one of the greatest boxers of all time. The victories over Cooper and London were just two examples of his incredible prowess in the ring, which would go on to define his career for years to come. Today, many boxing fans still look back on Ali's time in London with fondness, remembering the thrilling matches that he fought and the legacy that he left behind. The memory of Muhammad Ali will continue to inspire generations of boxers and fans alike for years to come.