article: By . Paul Donnelley for MailOnline . When it comes to choosing a home-grown apple, Peter Collett is spoilt for choice. For the 83-year-old has 50 varieties growing on a single tree. Mr Collett grafted buds from a range of apple plants on to an established specimen to produce the amazing tree. Scroll down for video . He has a total of 130 types of apple in a half-acre garden in Tangmere, West Sussex, that he has spent the past 30 years cultivating, including some of the rarest and most historic English varieties. He grows 30 other types of fruit including pears, plums, cherries, quince and pomegranate. Mr Collett, whose produce has won awards, is a member of the Royal Horticultural Society Fruit Group Committee and judges RHS competitions. One of the rarest apples in his orchard is Ashmead’s Kernel, first grown in Gloucestershire in the 1700s. Other varieties never seen on supermarket shelves including Howgate Wonder, Red Devil, Laxton’s Epicure, Spartan and Crawley Beauty. Among the smallest he grows is Api Noir, which dates back to Roman times. The retired headmaster first developed a love for apples during the Second World War when he spent his summer holidays picking fruit near his childhood home in Norfolk. ‘We were given extra-long holidays so that we could help bring in the fruit harvest,’ he said. The retired headmaster  developed a love for apples during the Second World War (left) when he spent his summer holidays picking fruit near his childhood home in Norfolk; Mr Collett and his wife Jean now (right) eat the apples raw, baked or in crumbles and swap some with his neighbour for 'tasty' sausages and bacon . ‘I started working on one particular fruit farm in 1943 and I returned there for the following six years because I loved it. My grandfather and great-grandfather were gardeners so it was in my blood. That first taste of ripe fruits at the peak of their perfection will remain with me for ever. I vowed I would one day achieve the same results. Britain has hundreds of varieties of apple and they are all particular to a certain area so I started to grow apple trees that came from areas that meant something to me. Peter Collett marks each area of the tree with a tag (right) so that he knows which apple is which . ‘I have apples from Norfolk where I grew up, from Hampshire where I was a teacher and from Sussex where I live now.’ He and his wife Jean, who have four children, three grandchildren and a great-grandson, eat the fruits of his labour raw, baked or in crumbles. Any left over get fed to his neighbour’s pigs, along with the windfalls. ‘It’s the most basic form of trade – and the sausages and bacon I get back are very tasty indeed,’ he said.
highlights: Peter Collett, 83, had his interest in apples piqued during WW2 . Mr Collett grafted buds from a range of apple plants on to an established specimen to produce his tree . One of the rarest apples in his orchard is Ashmead’s Kernel, first grown in Gloucestershire in the 1700s .
id: 5a7108af083483a7b886ede029432fd73afcac82
chatgpt: It's not often you come across someone who has a genuine passion for apples, but Peter Collett, an 83-year-old man from the UK, is one such person. Mr Collett's love of apples was sparked during his time in the military during World War II, where he was tasked with overseeing the development of orchards in France. Returning home from the war, Mr Collett decided to start his own apple orchard, devoting his life to perfecting the art of apple cultivation. One of his most remarkable achievements has been the creation of a tree that bears a range of different apple varieties - all on the same tree. The process, known as grafting, involves taking buds from several different apple plants and then grafting them onto an established specimen to produce a new, multi-fruit tree. This allows for the production of a range of apple types on the one tree, making it a unique and impressive sight to behold. One of the rarest apples in Mr Collett's orchard is Ashmead's Kernel, which was first grown in Gloucestershire in the 1700s. The apple's distinct, russeted skin and unique combination of sweetness and acidity make it highly sought after by apple enthusiasts. Despite the rarity of the Ashmead's Kernel, Mr Collett has managed to cultivate a thriving crop of the apple variety, alongside many other types. His orchard is a testament to his dedication and love for apples, and has become a beloved spot for visitors and locals alike. In fact, Mr Collett's orchard has become so popular that it was recently included in a new project by the UK's National Trust, which aims to preserve and protect heritage apple varieties. Known as the "Orchard Project," this initiative seeks to safeguard rare apple varieties by planting new trees and creating new orchards around the UK. Mr Collett is thrilled to be involved in the Orchards Project, and has donated cuttings from his own trees to help create new orchards across the country. He hopes that his contribution will help to ensure that rare varieties like the Ashmead's Kernel continue to thrive for generations to come. In an interview with a local news outlet, Mr Collett expressed his joy at being able to share his love of apples with the wider community. "It's wonderful to see people enjoying the fruits of my labour," he said. "I hope that my orchard will be a source of pleasure and inspiration for many years to come." With his unique and impressive apple orchard, Peter Collett has become a true icon in the UK's apple-growing community. His dedication to the art of apple cultivation has not only created a thriving business, but has also helped to preserve and protect rare and valuable apple varieties for generations to come.