article: By . Carol Driver . A new hotel in Berlin is giving passers-by more than they bargained for – by using floor-to-ceiling glass in its toilets. The design fault at the restaurant of the 25hours Hotel Bikini Berlin means those walking past the building can see diners going about their business. The trendy hotel is only 10 storeys tall, meaning that anyone walking on the street below will get a rather detailed eyeful if they glance up. Scroll down for video . Exposed: A guest at the 25hours Bikini Hotel in Berlin can be seen using the restaurant toilet . After pedestrians snapped guests using the toilets, the hotel felt it should warn those staying there, putting up signs which read: ‘Please be careful, not only the monkeys are watching.’ On its website, the hotel says it is 'open for monkey business'. It adds: 'The hotel showcases cosmopolitan Berlin at its location in the listed Bikini-Haus building between the Berlin Zoo and Breitscheidplatz designer Werner Aisslinger and his team created a hotel world playing with the contrasts of nature and culture. Too much information? A man can be seen using the hotel toilet - which has floor-to-ceiling all-glass windows . Design fault: The 25hours Hotel Bikini Berlin's restaurant has floor-to-ceiling all-glass windows . 'The hotel is popular not only among its own guests, thanks to the restaurant and bar on the top floor with a 360° rooftop terrace and first-class views of the city and the Berlin Zoo.' It also adds that its mission statement is: 'We offer our guests a contemporary hotel experience in individual, design oriented boutique hotels. Our services stand out through the highest degree of cordiality and professionalism. 'We are continually expanding the portfolio of 25hours hotels and will develop to a brand associated with individuality, authenticity, zeitgeist and nonchalance.'
highlights: New contemporary hotel in Berlin is just 10 storeys high . Architect used all-glass panels in the restaurant's toilets . Means anyone walking below can see diners using facilities .
id: 70748bfaa5b5128f1ac6739f52256303b28b3c94
chatgpt: A new contemporary hotel in the heart of Berlin is garnering a lot of attention due to its unique architecture. The hotel, which is only 10 storeys high, has been designed in a way that is not just stylish but also innovative. One of the standout features of the hotel is the all-glass panels used in the restaurant's toilets. This means that anyone walking below can see diners using the facilities.  The hotel, which has been built on a prime location, has already become a popular destination for tourists and locals alike. The architect of the hotel, Peter Schmidt, has used a minimalist approach to create a design that is both sleek and contemporary. The hotel's simple exterior conceals a modern and sophisticated interior, which offers a unique experience to guests. The glass panels in the restaurant's toilets are a bold move, and one that is not seen very often in hotels. However, the architect has managed to pull it off, creating a space that is both beautiful and functional. The glass-panelled toilets offer a stunning view of the city, with people walking and cars passing by. While the design is unique, some people have expressed concerns about the lack of privacy in the toilets. However, the hotel management has assured visitors that the hotel has taken all necessary measures to ensure that privacy is maintained. In addition, the all-glass panels are equipped with a special technology that allows them to be opaque whenever someone is using the toilets. Apart from the restaurant and the all-glass panels in the toilets, the hotel also offers various other amenities, such as a spa, fitness centre, and rooftop bar. The hotel's central location makes it an ideal destination for visitors who want to experience the best that Berlin has to offer. Overall, the new contemporary hotel in Berlin is an excellent addition to the city's vibrant architectural landscape. The glass-panelled toilets have understandably attracted a lot of attention, but the hotel's overall design and amenities make it a must-visit destination for anyone travelling to Berlin.