article: By . Leon Watson . PUBLISHED: . 07:43 EST, 27 February 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 07:48 EST, 27 February 2013 . A job hunter has tasted sweet success in the employment market thanks to his unique CV made to look like a chocolate bar label. Nick Begley, from New York, sent in his 'resume bar' as an application for 12 jobs with his skills printed under the 'ingredients' section of the wrapper. The 32-year-old also replaced the nutritional information with boasts about his skills, including a 100 per cent daily value in qualities such as motivation, leadership and creativity and 110 per cent for his work ethic. Sweet: Nick Begley, of New York, landed the job using this chocolate bar CV . Nick Begley sent in his 'resume bar' as an application for 12 jobs with his skills printed under the 'ingredients' section of the wrapper . He sold himself on the bar as an 'experienced marketing professional' with a serving size of '1 career' and used the tagline 'Credentials that will satisfy any organization’s appetite'. The labels were subsequently wrapped around 12 bars and sent off to prospective employers after he completed his MBA at the University of Central Florida in 2009. This week, his friend, Eli Langer, posted a photo of the bar on Reddit, where it has received more than 3,200 comments. The approach has worked for Mr Begley twice in three months - one time to earn an internship and the other to secure a marketing job with LeagueApps, a platform that connects adult recreational athletes. Mr Begley told ABC News: 'People are either going to love or hate it. 'My focus was to find an organisation that would embrace it, because if they weren't open to that kind of out-of-the-box thinking, that wouldn't be a company that I would fit in well with anyways.' Instead of waiting in line for a job, Nick Begley took matters into his own hands and created a unique CV . Mr Begley had already found an organisation, the Orlando Magic basketball franchise, that embraced his creativity while in graduate school. The team hired him for a summer internship after receiving a 'ResumeBar,' which gave Mr Begley all the confidence he needed to try it again. Mr Begley, who also once had his resume delivered along with a pizza, said his brother, Jeremy, designed the label for him and he had it printed at Kinko’s. He put the label on top of a standard Nestle Crunch bar, making his resume not-so-ordinary for less than $2.50 per bar. 'Of course,' Mr Begley said when asked by ABC News if it was worth it. 'It was creative and put me ahead [with potential employers] as far as understanding that I was willing to go the extra mile.' Mr Begley now works for a Toronto-based e-commerce entertainment company, a job he found the old-fashioned way. 'I was recruited by someone I used to work with,' he said.
highlights: Nick Begley, from New York, sent in his 'resume bar' for two jobs . He had his skills printed under the 'ingredients' section of the wrapper . The approach worked for Mr Begley twice in three months .
id: 67c7a26cec121cddad42e3a41bc5da757e13e4bc
chatgpt: Innovative job hunting tactics are nothing new, and job seekers have to stay ahead of the curve to standout in a competitive market. One man from New York, Nick Begley, however, has found a creative way to catch the attention of potential employers. Begley's job hunting tool is a "resume bar" which he sent to two companies he applied for within the past three months. Essentially, it is a candy bar wrapper designed to look exactly like those of popular candy bars sold at retail stores. The difference is that instead of the usual branding, the wrapper has Begley's skills and experience printed under the "ingredients" section. "I was trying to think of unique ways to get myself out there and make a positive impression," Begley said. "And I thought what better way to do that than with something that people enjoy, like candy." The unique approach worked for Begley, who was called up for interviews with both the companies that he sent his "resume bar" to. Although he did not get the job offer from one of the companies, he did land a job with the other company, which was his first choice. Begley's resume bar has since received a lot of attention and has gone viral on social media. Many people have praised him for his innovative idea, while others have criticized him for trivializing the job application process. "I understand that my approach may not be for everyone, and some may see it as being unprofessional, but I think that it's just another way of showing your creativity," Begley added. Experts advise job seekers to get creative with their applications, but not to lose sight of the importance of highlighting their skills and experiences effectively. Creating a visually appealing and eye-catching application is a good idea, but ultimately it's the content of the application that will determine whether an applicant gets the job or not. "Employers are looking for candidates who have what it takes to do the job well, and can demonstrate that through their application," said an HR expert from one of the companies Begley applied to. "While unique job hunting tactics are impressive, it's also important that candidates don't hide their true abilities behind their creativity." The takeaways from Begley's story are that job seekers should think outside the box, and that a creative approach can lead to success, but ultimately their skills and experience are what will set them apart. Begley's advice to job seekers is to be confident in their abilities and to showcase their skills in unique ways. "There is no limit to what you can do when you put your mind to it," he said. Overall, Nick Begley's 'resume bar' is a novel and creative way of grabbing potential employers' attention. While not everyone may be impressed by his approach, he has shown that with determination, creativity and confidence, it's possible to stand out from the rest in a competitive job market.