article: By . Joe Bernstein . England midfielder Adam Lallana will celebrate his call-up into Roy Hodgson’s World Cup squad by sealing a £20million move to Liverpool this week. It is a massive boost for Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers, whose side have an outside chance of winning their first title since 1990 when the Premier League season reaches its climax on Sunday. Lallana celebrated his 26th birthday on Saturday by choosing to join the Rodgers revolution at Anfield despite interest from other clubs. On the move: Adam Lallana is hoping to seal a £20m move to Liverpool as early as next week . Southampton believe the fee represents fair value for a player who progressed through their respected youth academy, and all sides see sense in wrapping up the move before the England players report for manager Hodgson’s pre-World Cup training camp in Portugal on May 19. Hodgson names his 23-man squad plus seven standby players for Brazil on Monday and Lallana is certain to be included. Liverpool will hope Lallana’s imminent arrival is a lucky omen as they face Newcastle at Anfield on Sunday afternoon - two points behind leaders Manchester City, who face West Ham at The Etihad. Man with the plan: Brendan Rodgers (right) is preparing to launch a spending spree this summer . In: Lallana looks a certainty for Roy Hodgson's 2014 World Cup squad which is selected on Monday . Due to City’s superior goal difference, Manuel Pellegrini’s side need only a draw to be champions for the second time in three seasons. Liverpool would finish top if they won and City lost. Regardless of the outcome of the title race, the signing of Lallana marks the start of a bold summer of spending by Rodgers to ensure his team are strong enough to compete in both the Premier League and Champions League next season. Owner John W Henry has promised Rodgers, who will be delighted to land Lallana so early, £60m plus any money he makes on sales. Talent: Lallana could be lining up alongside Luis Suarez (left) and Daniel Sturridge next season . Spend: Rodgers claims Liverpool have got to do everything they can to stay in the top four for the foreseeable future . Rodgers said about his planned revamp: ‘Teams have spent the money trying to get into the top four and can’t get in. For us now, we’re in it. Now we’ve got to do everything we can to stay in.’ Lallana’s departure from Southampton is likely to be followed by manager Mauricio Pochettino, who is wanted by Spurs. Teenage defender Luke Shaw, who also has an outside chance of being in England’s World Cup party, is being hotly pursued by Manchester United and Chelsea and will seek talks about his future after his club’s final game of the season today, against Manchester United. Tempted? Mauricio Pochettino could face the Southampton exit door with Tottenham interested . Wanted: Luke Shaw is a target for Manchester United and could also leave Saints this summer .
highlights: Adam Lallana could seal a £20m move to Liverpool next week . Southampton star will also be selected in Roy Hodgson's 2014 World Cup squad . Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers hoping for a summer spending spree . Luke Shaw could follow Lallana out of Southampton .
id: 897ce79e02f8fcc84371f9fe93a7d745a703f97b
chatgpt: Southampton's Adam Lallana could become Liverpool's first signing of the summer in a £20m move expected to take place next week. The 26-year-old midfielder has been linked with several top clubs this season after a string of impressive performances for his club, who finished eighth in the English Premier League. Lallana, who has previously attracted interest from Tottenham and Manchester United, has reportedly set his sights on playing under Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers. The Merseyside club are keen to strengthen their squad ahead of next season's Champions League campaign and are hoping for a summer spending spree that could bring in as many as five new players. The England international has been a key player for Southampton and has played a vital role in helping the team secure their best-ever finish in the Premier League. He scored nine goals and provided six assists in 37 appearances for the south coast club, helping them to finish above Newcastle, Swansea and West Ham United. Despite a minimal transfer budget heading into the summer, Liverpool will be keen to bring in a player of Lallana's quality who can help them compete in both domestic and European competitions. The Anfield club have been linked with a host of other midfielders this summer, including Sevilla's Ivan Rakitic and Emre Can of Bayer Leverkusen. The reported deal for Lallana, which is said to include a number of add-on clauses, would see him become Liverpool's second-most expensive signing ever, behind only Andy Carroll. The England midfielder would also join former Southampton teammates Dejan Lovren and Rickie Lambert at the Merseyside club. Meanwhile, Lallana has been named in Roy Hodgson's 23-man England squad for the upcoming World Cup in Brazil. The attacking midfielder, who has won six caps for his country, will be joined in the squad by Southampton teammate Luke Shaw, who is widely expected to leave the club this summer for a substantial fee. Shaw has been linked with several top clubs across Europe, including Manchester United, Chelsea and Real Madrid. The 18-year-old left-back is widely regarded as one of the best young players in England and has already attracted interest from some of the continent's top clubs. If Shaw and Lallana both leave Southampton this summer, it will represent a blow for the south coast club, who have enjoyed a remarkable few years under the management of Mauricio Pochettino. Despite losing several key players in recent seasons, the Argentine has guided the club to their highest-ever Premier League finish and an appearance in next season's Europa League. Liverpool, on the other hand, will be hoping that the signing of Lallana will be just the beginning of a successful summer transfer window. With the acquisition of the Southampton star, Rodgers' side will be well-placed to challenge for both domestic and European honours next season.