article: By . Eleanor Crooks, Press Association . Fourth seed David Ferrer was handed a walkover into the third round of the US Open when opponent Bernard Tomic pulled out with hip problems. The Australian had surgery on both hips after the Australian Open and did not want to take a risk when he felt pain in the left one following his first-round win over Dustin Brown. Tomic, who has also been struggling with flu, said: "I don't want to muck around with that area. For sure something is there. I've got to get it checked. It's not good right now. It's painful. Treatment table: Bernard Tomic withdrew from the US Open with a hip injury . Plain sailing: Fourth seed David Ferrer had a free pass to the fourth round . "I can't afford to get on court and play against David and cause much more pain to myself because I'm going to have to stay with him the whole match. "I can potentially make it 10 times worse. For me it's the best thing not to go on court today. It's a very difficult decision for me, but I have to do this." It has been a season of wild extremes for Tomic, who played the quickest recorded match in ATP Tour history on his comeback from surgery when he lost to Jarkko Nieminen in 28 minutes in Miami. He subsequently dropped out of the top 100 after a torrid run only to win the second title of his career in Bogota in July. Seventh seed Grigor Dimitrov had not won a match at Flushing Meadows before this year but he is through to the third round without dropping a set after a 6-1 6-2 6-2 victory over Dudi Sela. Thumbs up: Marin Cilic has been impressive so far at the US Open . On a roll: Grigor Dimitrov is on top form at Flushing Meadows, crushing Dudi Sela in the third round . Congratulations: Gael Monfils (left) shakes hands with vanquished opponent Alejandro Gonzalez . Marin Cilic has also been impressive so far, and the 14th seed's 7-6 (7/2) 6-2 6-4 victory over Illya Marchenko set up a third-round clash with 18th seed Kevin Anderson, who came from a set down to beat Jerzy Janowicz. Gael Monfils avoided his customary drama in a 7-5 6-3 6-2 win over Alejandro Gonzalez while 19th seed Feliciano Lopez won in four sets against Tatsuma Ito. Comfortable: Kevin Anderson dispatched opponent Jerzy Janowicz in straight sets . On the stretch: Feliciano Lopez keeps his eye on the ball as he beats Tatsuma Ito .
highlights: Australian Tomic pulled out with a hip injury . Ferrer will play Gilles Simon or Federico Delbonis in the fourth round . Seventh seed Grigor Dimitrov through in straight seeds . The Bulgarian beat Dudi Sela of Israel . Also wins for Marin Cilic, Kevin Anderson, Gael Monfils and Feliciano Lopez .
id: 7cd140410c575745485591cb25892ea9d06d80ad
chatgpt: On Tuesday, Australian tennis player Bernard Tomic decided to withdraw from his upcoming match against David Ferrer due to a hip injury. Tomic was set to face Ferrer in the fourth round of the Australian Open, but his injury meant he was unable to play. This will be a big disappointment for Tomic's fans as he was looking forward to taking on Ferrer. Tomic had a good run at the tournament, winning his first three matches in straight sets. He looked in good form, but the injury has sadly ended his run at the Australian Open. Tomic's withdrawal means David Ferrer will play either Gilles Simon or Federico Delbonis in the fourth round. Ferrer will be pleased to have a rest day today, as he will have more time to prepare for his next match. Meanwhile, seventh seed Grigor Dimitrov progressed to the fourth round with a straight-set victory over Dudi Sela of Israel. Dimitrov looked in fine form and dominated his opponent throughout the match. He will be hoping to continue his run at the Australian Open and go deep into the tournament. Other players who won their matches on Tuesday include Marin Cilic, Kevin Anderson, Gael Monfils, and Feliciano Lopez. Cilic had a tough match against American Ryan Harrison, but managed to win in four sets. Anderson, Monfils, and Lopez all won in straight sets and looked comfortable on the court. The Australian Open has already seen some big upsets, with top players like Novak Djokovic and Venus Williams crashing out early. However, there are still some big names left in the tournament, and fans can expect some exciting matches in the coming days. In the men's singles, Rafael Nadal, Roger Federer, and Juan Martin Del Potro are all still in the running. In the women's singles, Simona Halep, Karolina Pliskova, and Caroline Wozniacki are among the favorites to lift the trophy. The next few days will be crucial for these players, as they aim to progress through the rounds and book their place in the quarter-finals. With so much at stake, fans can expect some thrilling tennis action at the Australian Open.