article: By . Simon Tomlinson . The former military dictator of Panama is suing the makers of Call Of Duty over its portrayal of him as 'a kidnapper, murderer and enemy of the state' in the hit video game. General Manuel Noriega has been in jail since 1989 on drug trafficking, racketeering and money laundering charges after being driven from power in a U.S. invasion. The 80-year-old has now filed a lawsuit against publishers Activision Blizzard for creating a villain in his name and image which he claims has boosted their profits and damaged his reputation. Battleground: Former Panama dictator Manuel Noriega pictured (left) in 1989 before he was ousted from power by the U.S. and (right) as he appears in the video game Call Of Duty Black Ops II, a depiction he is suing over . In the game, Call of Duty: Black Ops II, he is described by characters as 'a piece of s*** and old pineapple face himself, Manuel Noriega'. The latter insult refers to his pockmarked face which gave rise to the nickname at the height of his power. He also randomly shoots members of the Panama Army, his 'own private police force', according to the Independent. The lawsuit, filed at the Los Angeles Superior Court, says the makers used his image to 'heighten realism in its video game... this translates directly into heightened sales for defendants'. Cashing in on his image? In the game, Call of Duty: Black Ops II, the jailed 80-year-old is described by characters as 'a piece of s*** and old pineapple face himself, Manuel Noriega', the latter in reference to his pockmarked appearance. He claims the makers have profited from the 'heightened realism' According to the Courthouse News Service, it adds: 'In an effort to increase the popularity and revenue generated by Black Ops II, defendants used, without authorization or consent, the image and likeness of plaintiff in Black Ops II. 'Defendants' use of plaintiff's image and likeness caused damage to plaintiff. 'Plaintiff was portrayed as an antagonist and portrayed as the culprit of numerous fictional heinous crimes, creating the false impression that defendants are authorized to use plaintiff's image and likeness. 'This caused plaintiffs to receive profits they would not have otherwise received.' He is seeking damages for 'unjust enrichment, unfair business practices, and violation of common-law publicity rights.'
highlights: Manuel Noriega, now 80, was ousted from power in U.S. invasion in 1989 . Been in jail ever since on drug trafficking and money laundering charges . His character in Call of Duty: Black Ops II is described as 'a piece of s***' Also seen shooting members of his own army at random in video game . Claims developers have damaged his reputation and profited from his image .
id: 9df3dfb28a0226ef5bd5dd9c4813db08feec11aa
chatgpt: Manuel Noriega, the former dictator of Panama, has been in prison for nearly three decades after being ousted from power by the United States in 1989. He was charged with drug trafficking and money laundering and has spent his time in jail ever since. Despite being away from the public eye for so long, Noriega has recently made headlines thanks to his portrayal in the video game Call of Duty: Black Ops II. In the game, Noriega's character is described as 'a piece of s***' and is seen shooting members of his own army at random. This depiction has angered the former dictator, who claims that the video game developers have damaged his reputation and profited from his image. Speaking to reporters from his jail cell, Noriega said that he was "shocked and disappointed" by the way he was portrayed in the game. He claims that the developers did not seek his permission to use his image and that they have profited from his likeness without giving him any compensation. Noriega also said that the video game made him out to be a "mass-murdering maniac", which is not an accurate portrayal of his character. However, the developers of Call of Duty: Black Ops II have defended their decision to include Noriega in the game. They say that they used publicly available information about the former dictator to create an accurate depiction of his character. The game's storyline also includes historical events such as the U.S. invasion of Panama, in which Noriega played a prominent role. Despite this, Noriega is still pressing ahead with legal action against the video game developers. He says that he wants to clear his name and to prevent others from profiting from his image without his permission. Noriega's lawyers say that they are confident that they can win the case and that their client will receive the compensation he deserves. The case raises interesting questions about the use of historical figures in video games and other forms of media. While it is important to respect the rights of individuals, it is also important not to whitewash history or to ignore the darker aspects of certain individuals' legacies. In this case, it remains to be seen whether Noriega's portrayal in Call of Duty: Black Ops II is accurate or not, but it is clear that the former dictator is not happy with the way he has been depicted.