article: Sadio Mane believes Southampton can continue their astonishing start to the season and qualify for the Champions League. Many expected this to be a season of struggle and strife on the south coast given several stars of the last campaign left the club over the summer. However, Ronald Koeman's side have confounded the naysayers  in some style, with Saints second in the Premier League after their best-ever start to a top-flight campaign. Sadio Mane (right) believes Southampton can qualify for next season's Champions League . Mane, pictured scoring in Southampton's 8-0 win against Sunderland, has scored two goals for the Saints . A miserly defence complemented by exciting attacking options have made them one of the stories of the season and summer signing Mane believes they can maintain this fine form. 'I hope and I am confident that we can hold this pace and level of playing football,' the winger told www.fifa.com. 'Obviously, in the Premier League there are always the three, four or five big teams which can be found at the top of the table, but I am glad that so far, there are some teams up there that could be called a little surprise, including us. 'However, we have to stay realistic. It will be hard to remain where we are today. We will give our best to defend this place, and I have no doubt we have the potential and will.' The Senegal international has revealed he joined Southampton because of new boss Ronald Koeman . Southampton is the latest stop on the Senegal international's European tour, following spells with French club Metz and Red Bull Salzburg of Austria. Saints forked out in the region of £10million to sign the pacy winger, who is glad to have turned down other offers in favour of a move to St Mary's. 'Southampton is a big Premier League team with a long football tradition,' Mane said. 'I always dreamed of playing in the Premier League, and I had a very good feeling about Southampton from the first contact. 'The entire philosophy, the smart way they progressively improved the team with dedicated transfers, the entire club environment and last but not least the highly professional and experienced coach, Ronald Koeman - that's why I chose Southampton as my next big challenge.'
highlights: Summer signing Sadio Mane believes Southampton can carry on impressive start to the season . Ronald Koeman's Southampton are currently second in the league . Mane decided to move to St Mary's because of Saints boss Koeman .
id: c8e6cee83c8313560e7af5ecd4c38926e35a28ae
chatgpt: Southampton's summer signing Sadio Mane is feeling optimistic about the club's chances for the rest of the season. The Senegalese winger believes that the Saints can build on their strong start to the campaign and continue to compete with the Premier League's top teams. Ronald Koeman's side currently sit second in the league, just two points behind leaders Chelsea. They have won five of their eight league matches so far, including a notable 3-1 victory over reigning champions Manchester City. Mane, who joined Southampton from Austrian side Red Bull Salzburg in the summer, has been an important player for his new team. He has contributed two goals and two assists in his six league appearances to date. The 23-year-old credits his decision to move to St Mary's to the influence of manager Koeman. "He was a big factor in my decision to come here," said Mane. "He's a great coach and I knew he could help me improve as a player." Mane went on to praise Koeman's tactical approach, saying that he has helped Southampton to become a more dynamic team. "We're not just a defensive side anymore," he said. "We can attack quickly and play some really good football." The Senegalese international also spoke about the team's goals for the remainder of the season. "We want to keep winning games and see how far we can go," he said. "We know it won't be easy, but we have the talent and the belief to do something special." Southampton fans will be delighted to hear Mane's positive comments, as they look to maintain their impressive start to the season. With Koeman at the helm and talented players like Mane in the squad, the Saints will surely be a force to be reckoned with in the coming months. However, they will face a tough test in their next league game, as they travel to face fifth-placed Tottenham Hotspur. Mauricio Pochettino's side have also made a strong start to the season and will be looking to close the gap on the league leaders. One thing is for sure, though - Southampton will enter the game with confidence, knowing that they have the ability to compete with the best sides in the league. And with players like Mane in their ranks, they will be a threat to any team they come up against.