article: (CNN) -- Life on Mars? That's the question facing the NASA team responsible for putting together the objectives for 2020 rover mission to Mars. "We're still on the quest to answer the grand question: Is there life somewhere else in the universe?" John Grunsfeld, NASA's associate administrator for science, told reporters Tuesday in a teleconference. Previous missions to Mars have found definitive signs that water once flowed in a crater and rock samples that show signs of clay minerals. "We really needed to go back to the surface, and go to the next stage. ... Did Mars ever have life?" Grunsfeld said as he previewed a 160-page report prepared by the Mars 2020 Science Definition Team, a group assembled by NASA to outline the objectives of the mission. The 2020 rover mission to Mars is considered essential to meeting President Barack Obama's challenge to send a manned mission to the planet in the 2030s. Among the objectives of the 2020 rover mission will be the search for signs of life, the collection of samples to possibly be returned to Earth and testing technology that may allow for a manned mission to Mars. Astronauts would face high radiation on Mars trip . "We want to be able to seek signs of life: Had life been there, did it leave a mark?" said Jack Mustard, a member of the development team and a chair and professor of geological sciences at Brown University. As part of the preparation for the mission, NASA plans to conduct an open competition. It is planned by NASA for the space technology and scientific instruments that will be carried by the rover and used in the mission, according to the report. In addition to the 2020 mission, NASA is scheduled to launch the Mars Atmosphere and Volatile Evolution mission in November 2013. That mission is set to explore the compounds of the Martian atmosphere, which scientists say will offer a glimpse into the planet's climate and habitability. In 2016, a collaboration between the European Space Agency and Russian Federal Space Agency is expected to launch an ExoMars Trace Gas Orbiter -- a mission to map methane and other gases on Mars. The European and Russian space agencies plan to launch the ExoMars rover in 2018. "What we have over the next 10 years is a very comprehensive series of international missions to Mars," said Jim Green, director of NASA's Planetary Science Division in Washington. Researchers: Newly found planets might support life .
highlights: A 160-page report outlines the objectives of the 2020 Mars rover mission . Chief among the mission's goals is searching for signs of life, NASA says . Previous missions have found definitive signs that water once flowed .
id: 5846c45e52ae8ffea959d060dc314daee3e2bec6
chatgpt: NASA has just released a 160-page report outlining the goals and objectives of its upcoming Mars rover mission, set to launch in July 2020. Its top priority: searching for signs of life on the Red Planet. While previous rover missions have hinted at the possibility of microbial life on Mars, none have been able to provide conclusive evidence. That's where the 2020 Mars rover comes in. According to NASA, the rover will be equipped with a host of sophisticated scientific instruments specifically designed to detect signs of life. "Finding life on Mars would be one of the most significant scientific discoveries of all time," said Thomas Zurbuchen, associate administrator for NASA's Science Mission Directorate, in a statement. "And while it may ultimately still be a long shot, we're excited to be taking this bold step forward with the 2020 mission." But the search for life isn't the only objective of the mission. The rover will also be tasked with gathering information about Mars' geology, atmosphere, and climate history. Scientists hope that by studying Mars' past, they'll be able to better understand the planet's potential for supporting human habitation in the future. One of the key findings of previous Mars missions has been the discovery that water once flowed on the planet's surface. This has led scientists to theorize that Mars may have once supported microbial life. The 2020 rover will build on this research by collecting samples of Martian soil and rock and analyzing them for signs of organic compounds, which could provide further evidence of past or present life. To aid in its search for signs of life, the 2020 rover will also carry a sample caching system, which will collect rock and soil samples for return to Earth by a future mission. These samples will be studied in laboratories here on Earth, potentially providing scientists with definitive evidence of life on Mars. The 2020 Mars rover mission is part of a larger effort by NASA to explore the outer reaches of our solar system. Over the past several decades, the agency has sent numerous spacecraft to study the planets, moons, asteroids, and comets that make up our cosmic neighborhood. While the prospect of finding life on Mars may still be a long shot, the 2020 rover mission represents a significant step forward in our understanding of the planet and its potential for supporting life. As NASA continues to push the limits of what's possible in space exploration, it's clear that the future of discovery is both exciting and full of possibility.