article: (EW.com) -- Turns out putting Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson into the lead role is a good idea to keep a franchise going. G.I. Joe: Retaliation soldiered into the top spot over Easter weekend, piling up $41.2 million over three days and bringing the four-day cume to $51.7 million. Retaliation didn't quite set the record for Easter weekend — those bragging rights belong to 2010′s Clash of the Titans ($61.2 million) — and it didn't quite match the opening of G.I. Joe: Rise of the Cobra's $54.7 million bow in 2009. But Johnson and Channing Tatum's starpower helped keep the attrition from the poorly received Cobra to a minimum. Plus, the overseas figures are far out-pacing Cobra, bringing Retaliation to a healthy $132 million global total, roughly matching the $130-plus million budget for Paramount. Not surprisingly, the testosterone-heavy action pic attracted a 61 percent male crowd who gave it a strong "A--" CinemaScore. Also having a good Friday and good run in general was Dreamworks' animated Stone Age comedy The Croods, which grossed $26.5 domestically in its second weekend and sailed past the $200 million mark internationally for a 10-day total of $229.1 million. Tyler Perry turned far away from Madea with his steamy thriller Temptation, which paid off for Lionsgate with a voluptuous $22.3 million. Starring Friday Night Lights' Jurnee Smollett-Bell and Kim Kardashian, who brought the film outsize media attention, Temptation didn't reach the heights of Madea's Big Happy Family opened ($25.3 million) or Why Did I Get Married Too? ($29.3 million), which were both sequels, but it did outperform industry expectations. Tyler Perry's name still means money, even if precedes the full title Temptation: Confessions of a Marriage Counselor. It's the ninth Perry film to debut over $20 million; the only other directors to have reached that distinction are Steven Spielberg and Robert Zemeckis. Despite its Twilight connections, no one had overly high hopes for the alien invasion romance The Host, based on the novel by Stephenie Meyer. Neither the novel nor the three leads — Saoirse Ronan, Max Irons, and Jake Abel — were nearly as squeal inducing to the largely female audiences that made Twilight popular. Weighed down by laughably bad reviews and unappealing trailers, The Host disappointed with $11 million in sixth place. 1. G.I. Joe: Retaliation -- $41.2 million . 2. The Croods -- $26.5 million . 3. Tyler Perry's Temptation -- $22.3 million . 4. Olympus Has Fallen -- $14 million . 5. Oz the Great and Powerful -- $11.6 million . 6. The Host -- $11 million . In the limited market, the Derek Cianfrance-directed The Place Behind the Pines, starring Ryan Gosling, Eva Mendes, and Bradley Cooper, grossed $270,184 in only four theaters. The per-theater average of $67,546 is the second-largest of the year behind the buzzy Spring Breakers. See original story at EW.com. CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly . © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. All rights reserved.
highlights: 'G.I. Joe' pulled in $41.2 million over three days . Tyler Perry's "Temptation" did not do as well as his former films . "The Host" disappointed with $11 million .
id: b04d2a7c014fd0ba6572315146fbac8f59b1880e
chatgpt: Paramount Pictures' latest action-packed film "G.I. Joe" pulled in a strong $41.2 million over the course of three days, topping the box office charts. The movie, which is a sequel to the 2009 film "G.I. Joe: The Rise of Cobra," stars Dwayne Johnson and Bruce Willis in a battle against an evil organization known as Cobra. Despite the success of "G.I. Joe," Tyler Perry's newest film "Temptation" did not perform as well as his previous works, opening to just $22.3 million. This is a significant drop compared to Perry's previous films, which have all opened to at least $30 million. "Temptation," which stars Jurnee Smollett-Bell, Vanessa Williams, and Brandy Norwood, tells the story of a woman who strays from her marriage after starting a new job. "The Host," a science fiction thriller based on the book by Twilight author Stephenie Meyer, also underperformed, bringing in a disappointing $11 million. The film, which stars Saoirse Ronan as a body-snatched host, was predicted to do better due to the success of Meyer's previous works, but failed to live up to expectations. The weekend box office results are reflective of an overall trend in the film industry. Action-packed films, such as "G.I. Joe," "Olympus Has Fallen," and "The Croods" have been performing well at the box office, while dramas and romantic comedies have struggled. Despite the mixed results from the box office, Hollywood is optimistic about the coming weeks. Several highly-anticipated films are set to hit theaters in the coming months, including "Iron Man 3," "The Great Gatsby," and "Star Trek Into Darkness," all of which are expected to perform well. Following the success of "G.I. Joe," Paramount Pictures has already announced plans for a third installment in the franchise. The studio is also planning a number of other action-packed films, including "Transformers 4" and "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles." As studios look for new ways to capture audiences, the battle for box office supremacy is expected to continue throughout the year. With a diverse range of films set to hit theaters, it remains to be seen which movies will be able to capture viewers' attention and dominate the box office.