article: By . Francesca Chambers . Vice President Joe Biden claimed that he came face to face with Vladimir Putin during a visit to Moscow in 2011 and told him: ‘Mr. Prime Minister, I’m looking into your eyes, and I don’t think you have a soul’. Biden told the New Yorker he was touring then-Prime Minister Putin's office when he positioned himself several inches from the Russian politican's face and made the biting comment. 'And he looked back at me, and he smiled, and he said, "We understand one another"', Biden told the publication. 'This is who this guy is!' Scroll down for video . 'We understand one another': Biden told the New Yorker that when he met with Putin in 2011 he looked him square in the eye and said he didn't think he had a soul . Biden also told him, through an interpreter, that his office was 'magnificent.' ‘It’s amazing what capitalism will do, won’t it?' he said, a remark that reportedly had Putin laughing. The Vice President sat down with the New Yorker as part of a profile piece it is running on him in its July 28 issue. As part of it's article on Biden, the magazine also spoke with President Barack Obama. Asked for his opinion on Biden running president for a third time in 2016, Obama said: 'I think Joe would be a superb President.' 'He . has seen the job up close, he knows what the job entails. He . understands how to separate what’s really important from what’s less . important. 'I . think he’s got great people skills. He enjoys politics, and he’s got . important relationships up on the Hill that would serve him well,' Obama . said. Biden may seem like an unlikely successor to Obama, given their significant differences in age and management style, but one of Biden's political advisers, John Marttila, told the New Yorker that the two men have developed a genuine friendship in the last five years. 'Joe and Barack were having lunch, and Obama said to Biden, "You and I are becoming good friends! I find that very surprising," Marttila said. 'And Joe says, "You’re f***ing surprised!" ' Vice President Joe Biden greets members of the Veterans of Foreign Wars at the VFW National Convention in St. Louis today . The New Yorker piece also shared a behind the scenes story about a viral video of Veep star Julia . Louis-Dreyfus and Biden that aired at the White House Correspondents' Dinner this year. In the video Biden was supposed to cower before . First Lady Michelle Obama after she finds the veeps eating from tubs of ice . cream in the White House kitchen.  Biden refused to do the scene as written, however, because he thought it wasn't true to character. 'The First Lady comes and I’m going to cower? That doesn’t fit type,' Biden said.
highlights: Vice President Joe Biden told the New Yorker he made the comments to Putin during a 2011 visit to Russia . Biden said Putin smiled at him and said, 'We understand one another' Obama told the magazine he thinks Biden would make a 'superb' president . An adviser to Biden said the former adversaries have become close friends .
id: db9dc387645f4028ad57c060049380d032785ff6
chatgpt: Former Vice President Joe Biden recently revealed details about his past interactions with Russian President Vladimir Putin during a 2011 visit to Russia. Speaking with the New Yorker, Biden discussed the meeting where he claims Putin acknowledged their mutual understanding of each other. "I said, 'Mr. Prime Minister, I'm looking into your eyes, and I don't think you have a soul,'" Biden said, reflecting on his conversation with Putin, who was then serving as Russia's prime minister. "He looked back at me, and he smiled, and he said, 'We understand one another.'" Biden's comments come at a time of increased scrutiny of Russia's alleged interference in the 2016 U.S. presidential election, which has brought U.S.-Russia relations to a new low. However, Biden did not delve into the current controversy, instead focusing on his personal relationship with Putin. According to an adviser to Biden, the two have since become friends, despite their once frosty relationship. This rapport, in turn, could be playing a role in Russia's assessment of the current administration. Putin's reaction to President Barack Obama's comments about Biden also showcases the admiration the former vice president commands. Obama said he thinks Biden would make a "superb" president, a statement that Putin reportedly greeted with enthusiasm. Biden's potential run in the 2020 presidential election has been rumored for some time, and reports suggest he has been meeting with advisers and considering his options. He has not yet made an official announcement, but his comments about his relationship with Putin only add to the interest around his prospective candidacy. Given Biden's extensive foreign policy experience, including both his tenure as vice president and decades in the Senate, his insights into relations with Russia carry significant weight. As tensions continue to escalate between the U.S. and Russia, having a leader with a proven track record in navigating complex diplomatic relationships could be invaluable. Of course, Biden's presidential prospects are far from assured, and he would likely face significant challenges if he decides to run. The Democratic field is already crowded with contenders, and his age could be an issue in a primary where younger candidates are vying for attention. However, as he considers his options, his relationship with Putin could factor into his decision-making. For now, though, the world is left to wonder just what transpired between Biden and Putin during their fateful meeting in 2011. While Biden's comments offer a tantalizing glimpse into the interaction, the full story remains shrouded in mystery. As the political landscape continues to shift, it is possible that more details about the encounter may emerge, shedding light on the complex relationship between the two leaders.