article: By . Deborah Arthurs . PUBLISHED: . 13:27 EST, 4 October 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 15:00 EST, 4 October 2012 . Zara Phillips today launched the latest collection of equestrian clothing by British brand Musto - and was given a helping hand by England and Black Rams rugby star James Haskell. The rugby player dwarfed the 31-year-old Queen's granddaughter as they posed for a photocall at Somerset House on the Strand in London, where both wore items from the spring/summer range of the British brand. Zara has worked closely with the brand since the partnership was announced in 2009 - indeed, the collection is named ZP176, after the number Zara was given when she first represented her country - and the keen horsewoman has always had a hand in the design process. Fashion with function: Zara Phillips today launched the latest collection from equestrian brand Musto . Zara posed up with England and black Rams rugby star James Haskell for the shoot - and was dwarfed by her strapping co-star . The collections are designed in conjunction with the 31-year-old eventing world champion and Olympic silver medallist, who has said in the past that she tries and tests every product before it goes on sale. 'With design, the products were already there,' she has said of her involvement with the brand. 'I just tweaked a few . things, like put in a longer cut for the riding jackets, so it won’t . expose the back if you’re riding in the elements.' Zara says that the Musto collection is not about wearing the latest trends - rather it's about producing top quality clothing that functions flawlessly. “It’s . less to do with mainstream fashion and more about practicality and . engineering something that works in training, but which you wouldn’t be . embarrassed to be seen in, in public,' she explains. Prices for the collection, which is on sale now via the Musto website, range from £45 for a polo shirt to £150 for a padded jacket. Zara, 31, who married rugby player Mike Tindall in a ceremony last year, has been working with Musto for a number of years . Zara is still on a high after winning a silver medal with her team at the Olympic Games this summer .
highlights: Queen's granddaughter still celebrating silver medal win at Olympic Games . Line of clothes and accessories is designed in close partnership with Zara .
id: 25bd183c67eb4c39603507d84cc03bb460023074
chatgpt: The Queen's granddaughter, Zara Tindall, is still basking in the glory of her recent silver medal win at the Olympic Games in Tokyo. The athlete has been in high spirits since standing on the podium at the equestrian event, and it seems she has even more to celebrate. Zara has announced the launch of her brand new line of clothes and accessories that she has designed in close partnership with major fashion retailer, Zara. The line is set to hit stores in the coming weeks, and Zara couldn't be more thrilled to be working with the accomplished athlete. The line of clothes and accessories has been designed with functionality and style in mind. Zara Tindall knows what it takes to be an athlete and how important it is to have clothes and accessories that are both practical and fashionable. "Zara's talent and knowledge of what works on and off the field of competition has been invaluable to our design team," said a spokesperson for Zara. "We are thrilled with the results and can't wait for our customers to see the line." The new line includes a range of clothing options, from sporty active wear to chic and understated pieces that can be worn for any occasion. The accessories range includes sleek athletic bags and purses perfect for workouts or traveling, as well as sophisticated scarves and sun hats that can be worn year-round. "For me, it's about making it easy for athletes to look and feel their best while they're competing and training," said Zara Tindall. "I'm so excited to be partnering with Zara to bring these designs to life, and I hope people love them as much as I do." The line is expected to be a hit with both athletes and fashion lovers alike, and pre-orders are already flooding in. With Zara's expert knowledge of the fashion industry and Zara Tindall's passion for athletics, it's no surprise the line is expected to be a huge success. Zara Tindall's Olympic silver medal win may have brought her into the public eye, but it's her talent and dedication that have made her a role model for young athletes worldwide. Now, with this exciting new line of clothes and accessories, Zara is set to inspire a new generation of fashion-forward athletes who want to look and feel their best both on and off the field.