article: Did Anheuser Busch lift the work of an independent artist to use in its Colorado town-takeover campaign? They did if you ask the clever mind behind a t-shirt of a Vanilla Ice Ice Cream truck. At a seemingly similar real life truck, the 90s pop-rapper personally handed out ice cream this past weekend at Bud Lite's Whatever USA pop-up party town in Crested Butte. Artist Ben Douglass says someone in the Bud Lite marketing campaign swiped his design and hired the 90s star to come help drum up publicity, all without paying him a penny. Similar? Bud lite's version: Here is Vanilla Ice giving out ice cream at the Bud Lite Vanilla Ice Cream truck in Crested Butte, where Anheuser Busch built a pop-up party town over the weekend . Plagiarism? Here is the graphic artist Ben Douglass says he created for a t-shirt company before the weekend's festivities in Crested Butte . Winners and losers? Revelers packed the town of Crested Butte for WhateverUSA, which was a boon for Anheuser Busch, but Douglass believes he's lost out . On Douglass's t-shirt, a rendering of Vanilla Ice holds a cartoon cone beside a truck emblazoned with the words 'Vanilla Ice Ice Cream.' Beside it floats the original white pop-rapper's head. On the 'Vanilla Ice Cream Truck' at this past weekend's Whatever USA party, that same head of Vanilla Ice, or one that looks eerily like it, floats on the side of the vehicle. 'It’s pretty clearly exactly what I drew,' Douglass told Fortune. 'I don’t know if it was by accident or what.' Douglass initially took his frustrations out via social media. 'No problem,' the graphic designer tweeted bitterly. 'Feel free to steal my work. I'm sure times are tight for @AnheuserBusch #whateverusa' He maintained his bitter tone in a September 7 Facebook post that has since gone viral. 'Thank you to Bud Light for liking my work (and idea) so much they decided to steal it,' wrote the New Jersey-based artist. 'Why should a little mom and pop company like Anheuser Busch pay artists for their original property?' Anheuser Busch has since issued a statement on the matter: . 'Anheuser-Busch and Bud Light respect the property and creativity of artists, and we’re looking into the situation' As has Vanilla Ice himself, in his own way. 'Now I see it,' Ice tweeted, presumably in reference to the similarity between t-shirt and truck. 'Looking good.Big pimpin, luv your artwork.' While Douglass may have months or years of legal battles ahead, things aren't looking all bad for the graphic designer. 'On the bright side Vanilla Ice now follows me on twitter,' Douglass said. Bright side: Douglass would later complain that he was angry about Bud Lite's alleged uncredited use of his work, but gush that at least it got Vanilla Ice to follow him on Twitter .
highlights: Anheuser Busch had 90s pop-rapper manning a Vanilla Ice Cream Truck at their Whatever USA town takeover in Crested Butte this weekend . Artist Ben Douglass contends the company used his work on the truck and he received no compensation .
id: 90f320e106c3920078c044388823c9f2834043a9
chatgpt: Anheuser Busch's Whatever USA town takeover in Crested Butte over the weekend created quite a stir when it was found that the pop-rapper, Vanilla Ice, was manning a truck selling vanilla ice cream. The ice cream truck, which was a part of the company's promotional activities, caught the attention of many visitors who were eager to try out the ice cream. However, while the company's marketing strategies may have worked out well, there are allegations that they did not pay a dime for the work done on the truck. According to Ben Douglass, the artist who worked on the truck, Anheuser Busch used his work without compensating him. Ben claims that he was responsible for the design and artwork on the truck, including the distinctive 'Vanilla Ice' graphic that was seen on the truck. Ben, who has been an artist for 10 years, states that he had no idea that his work would be used in this manner and was shocked when he saw the truck being featured in the promotional materials. He says that he was never approached by Anheuser Busch about the use of his artwork and was never given any indication that his work would be featured on the truck. "I feel like my work has been stolen from me," says Ben. "I put in a lot of time and effort into creating the artwork for that truck, and to see it being used without any compensation is very disheartening." Anheuser Busch has not commented on the allegations made by Ben, but the company did release a statement saying that they take allegations of this nature very seriously and that they would investigate the matter. The incident has created a lot of buzz on social media, with many people expressing their support for Ben and condemning Anheuser Busch for their alleged actions. One user wrote, "Artists deserve to be paid for their work. It's shameful that Anheuser Busch would use someone's art without compensation." This is not the first time that Anheuser Busch has faced allegations of this nature. In 2015, the company was sued by a photographer who claimed that they had used his photograph without permission. The case was settled out of court, and the terms of the settlement were not disclosed. As the investigation into the matter continues, many are waiting to see how Anheuser Busch will respond to the allegations made by Ben. The incident has once again brought to light the issue of artists' rights and the importance of protecting their intellectual property. In this day and age, where companies have greater access to artists' work than ever before, it is important that measures are put in place to ensure that artists are compensated for their work. Otherwise, incidents like this will continue to occur, and artists will continue to lose out on the recognition and compensation they deserve.