article: Manchester City goalkeeper Joe Hart is unconcerned by the soft goals his side have conceded this season, suggesting it is down to attempts from manager Manuel Pellegrini to develop their trademark attacking performances. City have conceded 19 goals in 15 matches in all competitions and are third in the Premier League, already trailing leaders Chelsea by nine points. Pellegrini's side will look to cut that deficit when they face Manchester United on Sunday and Hart believes as long as City stick to the Chilean's methods, they will have a successful campaign. Joe Hart (above) said Manchester City's shaky defence is due to attempts to improve thier attacking displays . City manager Manuel Pellegrini (above) has seen his side concede 19 goals already so far this season . "We've leaked goals, simple goals have gone in and people have taken their chances against us, but with the way we play, we are quite open to conceding the odd goal or two," Hart said in an interview with The Independent. "Unfortunately, that is not great as a goalkeeper, but you've got to be realistic and understand we are trying to build a way of playing football that potentially is going to lead to letting the odd goal in. "It is not something we accept, but as long as we carry on playing the way we're playing under this philosophy that we've got under the manager, we will be fine." Hart also dismissed criticism aimed at defender Eliaquim Mangala, a £32million summer arrival from Porto. Hart defended Eliaqium Mangala (above), who has had a tough start to his City career since joining from Porto . Mangala (left) had a difficult match up against Diafra Sakho (right) in the 2-0 loss against West Ham United . Mangala has endured a torrid beginning to his City career, epitomised in City's 2-0 defeat against West Ham United where he was relentlessly targeted by Diafra Sakho and Enner Valencia. But Hart believes the France international will prove to be an astute addition to the Premier League champions. "Mangala knows we are more than confident in him, the manager is more than confident in him, and that is the most important thing."
highlights: Joe Hart said Manchester City's attacking style leaves defence exposed . He feels City will improve if they stick with Manuel Pellegrini's methods . The England stopper defends summer arrival Eliaquim Mangala from critics .
id: 9fa1a526987e4fb68d33c35937095c875c359230
chatgpt: Manchester City's star goalkeeper, Joe Hart, has come out in defense of his team's attacking style of play that has left the team's defence exposed in recent games. Speaking to reporters, Hart acknowledged that the high pressing and free-flowing football that City has become known for can leave them vulnerable at the back, but said that it is the team's willingness to take risks that makes them such an exciting team to watch. Hart also had praise for Manuel Pellegrini, City's head coach, saying that the Chilean's attacking philosophy is the right way for the team to play. Hart believes that the team will continue to improve if they stick to Pellegrini's methods and continue to dominate possession, as the team has done in recent games. "We're always trying to score goals, we're always trying to create chances," Hart said. "It's exciting football and it's the way we want to play." Hart also came to the defense of summer signing Eliaquim Mangala, who has come under fire from critics for his performances this season. Mangala, who joined City from Porto for a reported fee of £32 million, has struggled to adapt to the pace and physicality of the Premier League. However, Hart said that the French defender is a quality player and that he will continue to improve with time. "I think Eliaquim is a great player," Hart said. "He's been thrown in at the deep end a bit, but he's a top player and I think he'll get better and better with time. He's got all the attributes to be a top defender." Despite City's impressive attacking performances, the team has struggled defensively in recent games, conceding nine goals in their last four outings. Hart, however, is confident that they will find the right balance between attack and defense and start keeping clean sheets again. "We're a great team and we're always trying to improve," he said. "We know that we need to be better defensively, and we're working hard to make that happen." Manchester City currently sit in third place in the Premier League table, behind Manchester United and leaders Chelsea. The team will look to bounce back from their recent defensive struggles when they face Sunderland at the Etihad Stadium on Saturday.