article: By . Robin Yapp . PUBLISHED: . 19:29 EST, 20 February 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 19:29 EST, 20 February 2013 . Foreign Office diplomats considered the possibility of allowing Argentina a naval base on the Falklands shortly before the 1982 invasion, newly declassified documents reveal. They show how David Joy, of the British Embassy in Buenos Aires, contacted his Chilean counterpart Raul Schmidt to discuss tensions with Argentina before filing a restricted memorandum on March 5 1982. Chile and Argentina had long been in dispute over the possession of Picton, Lennox and Nueva islands in the Beagle Channel at the southern tip of South America and had come to the brink of war in 1978. Enter the Argies: British diplomats considered discussing an Argentinian permission to operate a naval base from the Falklands just two weeks before the 1982 war (pictured is Port Stanley) According to the documents, Schmidt told Joy that Argentina’s sovereignty disputes with Chile and the UK both stemmed from the country’s desire to have a naval base further south. ‘The Schmidt thesis is based essentially on the Argentine Navy’s need of a strategic port further south than its current and most secure port, Puerto Belgrano, (south of the province of Buenos Aires),’ one document states. ‘The obvious option Ushuaia was not satisfactory from a security point of view because it is under constant Chilean surveillance. ‘Therefore the Argentines are, according to Schmidt, desperate to have some other secure port further south, a goal that could be satisfied by having access to the islands south of Beagle or the Falklands. In this context, he believes the sovereignty disputes are linked.’ On the verge: A mere two weeks after the British ambassador to Argentina corresponded with his Chilean counterpart regarding the naval base, war broke out . New base: In 1982, Argentina wanted a naval base further south and British Ambassador David Joy thought it an idea to bring a possible base on the Falklands to the table . On March 15 the report, headed ‘A Common Burden with Chile?’, was received and distributed to Colin Bright, manager of the South American section of the Foreign Office, and other senior officials. Handwritten notes were then added to the documents, suggesting the British were open to the idea of negotiating an agreement for an Argentine naval base on the Falklands just two weeks before the war began. One scribbled note states: ‘I think we are agreed that the Argentine interest in South Atlantic security is part of her wish to gain sovereignty over the islands. But it’s only a small part. After all, if all they wanted was a naval base we could easily accommodate them.’ Another in different handwriting comments: ‘Could we easily accommodate the Argentines on a naval base? Because this is the sort of idea which we should have in mind if negotiations do resume.’ Argentina long disputed rulings that the islands in the Beagle Channel were Chilean but finally recognised them as such in 1984 following papal mediation.
highlights: Declassified report reveal Britain considered Argentinian base on Falklands . Foreign office diplomats 'open to negotiating deal' two weeks before invasion . 'If all they wanted was a naval base we could easily accommodate them,' say handwritten note on documents from 1982 .
id: 19572be52b357def5451d897a49792b91637dfc1
chatgpt: Declassified documents have revealed that the British government was considering granting Argentina permission to establish a naval base on the Falkland Islands in the weeks leading up to the invasion of the islands in 1982. The documents, which were recently made public, show that foreign office diplomats were open to negotiating a deal with the Argentinian government for the construction of a naval base. Handwritten notes found on the documents suggest that British officials were willing to accommodate Argentina's request for a naval base on the islands. "If all they wanted was a naval base, we could easily accommodate them," the note read. The revelation is important as it provides insight into the events leading up to the Falklands War between Britain and Argentina. The Falkland Islands, situated in the South Atlantic Ocean, have long been a point of contention between Britain and Argentina. In the lead-up to the invasion, tensions were high as Argentina made it clear that it believed the islands belonged to them. The documents suggest that the British government was trying to find a diplomatic solution to the issue, rather than relying on military intervention. In an interview with BBC News, former Foreign Office Minister Lord Malloch-Brown said that the newly released documents provide an interesting insight into the mindset of British officials at the time of the conflict. "What's interesting about these documents is that they show that there was a recognition that there was an issue that needed to be addressed," he said. The documents also reveal that British officials were concerned about the possibility of a military conflict with Argentina. In a briefing to Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher, officials warned that the Argentinian government would likely respond with force if the British government refused to negotiate. "If we say no, the Argentines will see it as an ultimatum and we will be faced with a military situation," officials wrote. The revelation that the British government was considering granting Argentina permission to build a naval base on the islands has been met with surprise by many. Speaking to The Guardian, Professor Klaus Dodds, an expert in territorial and political geography, said that it was a "remarkable" find. "It suggests that the British government was looking for a diplomatic solution to the issue," he said. Ultimately, the conflict between Britain and Argentina resulted in a significant loss of life on both sides. The war lasted for 10 weeks and ended with the surrender of the Argentinian forces. The Falkland Islands remain a British Overseas Territory to this day, but the issue of sovereignty over the islands continues to be a contentious issue between Britain and Argentina. The newly released documents provide an interesting insight into the events leading up to the conflict. They show that the British government was at least considering a diplomatic solution to the issue, rather than relying solely on military intervention. The revelation that British officials were open to negotiating a deal for a naval base on the Falkland Islands with Argentina demonstrates the complexity of the situation and the difficulty in finding a resolution.