article: (CNN) -- Two men accused of murdering an Irish teacher on her honeymoon last year pleaded not guilty when they appeared in court in Mauritius on Tuesday, police on the Indian Ocean island said. Michaela Harte-McAreavey, 27, was strangled in her hotel room in January 2011, just days after her wedding. Her widower, John McAreavey, has returned to Mauritius for the trial in the capital city, Port Louis. Family friends in Ireland said he had to battle through crowds outside the building to attend the Supreme Court hearing. Police in Mauritius say the accused -- hotel workers Avinash Treebhoowoon, 30, and Sandip Moneea, 42 -- pleaded not guilty to premeditated killing. Local media say that as the case involves the killing of a tourist, there's intense interest in Mauritius, and dozens of people crammed into the small courtroom for the hearing. Suspect in Irish newlywed death to appear in court . A jury of six men and three women was selected, and proceedings were then adjourned for the day, police said. Officers believe the newlywed was killed after interrupting a burglary as she returned to her hotel room. She was the daughter of one of Ireland's best-known sporting figures, Gaelic football manager Mickey Harte, and was a winner of the Ulster Rose of Tralee beauty pageant title. Her widower has played Gaelic football at its highest level. Police say John McAreavey is scheduled to be among more than 30 witnesses expected to give evidence. His sister Claire McAreavey read a statement to media outside the court on behalf of the McAreavey and Harte families, appealing for privacy during the trial. "This is a very distressing time for both our families, and the days ahead will be very difficult for us," she said. "We hope that the media will understand that we are anxious that nothing will be said or done that will compromise or prejudice the due process during the trial." She added that the families would not be making any further statements during the trial, which is expected to last for three weeks.
highlights: Michaela Harte-McAreavey, 27, was strangled in January 2011 just days after her wedding . Officers believe she was killed after interrupting a burglary as she returned to her hotel room . Two hotel workers pleaded not guilty to premeditated killing, police say . Proceedings were adjourned after a jury of six men and three women was selected .
id: 1f5a4f1da5980c5a47ba875a0450da8e3eba1735
chatgpt: A jury has been selected and proceedings have been adjourned in the case of the tragic murder of Michaela Harte-McAreavey. The 27-year-old woman was found strangled in January 2011, just days after her wedding. It is believed that she was killed after interrupting a burglary as she returned to her hotel room in Mauritius. Two hotel workers, who have been accused of premeditated killing, have pleaded not guilty. The proceedings will determine whether or not the two men are responsible for Harte-McAreavey's murder. The case has garnered widespread attention due to the young woman’s tragic death and the allegations of premeditation against the accused. Harte-McAreavey was the daughter of Tyrone GAA's Mickey Harte and her death sparked a nationwide outpouring of grief in Ireland. The incident occurred while the newlyweds were on their honeymoon in the country. The couple had only been married for a few days when Harte-McAreavey was found dead in her hotel room. A police investigation soon began, and two hotel workers were arrested in connection with the crime. They have since been charged with the premeditated murder of Harte-McAreavey. Despite the charges against the accused, some questions have been raised about the investigation into the murder. Reports have suggested that there were multiple errors made during the initial stages of the investigation, potentially jeopardizing the case against the accused. The trial is expected to be a lengthy one, given the seriousness of the charge and the complexity of the case. The jury selected is made up of six men and three women, all of whom will play an integral role in determining the outcome of the trial. As the proceedings commence, the family of Harte-McAreavey will watch closely, hoping for justice for their loved one. For many, the trial represents a crucial moment in the search for answers about the young woman’s death and closure for her grieving family.