article: Police and leaders of an orthodox Jewish group in Brooklyn say two little girls from their community have been missing since January 31. Authorities are seeking the whereabouts of Riva, 4, and Yosefa Kutsy, 3, from the Crown Heights area of Brooklyn. While the girls are believed to be with their mother and father, Alan Velvel Kutsy and Chana Yehudis Kutsy, the parents are not supposed to have left town with the girls. According to WABC, the girls disappeared with their mother and father after the Administration for Children's Services said it wanted to talk to the family. Missing: Police and members of an orthodox Jewish group in Brooklyn are searching for Riva, 4, and Yosefa Kutsy, 3 . The couple had been given only 'trial custody' of the girls for unknown reasons, reports Col Live. 'By leaving with them they didn't follow the conditions put in place,' said Detective Raymond Weng of the NYPD 71st Precinct. Along with police, members of the tight-knit orthodox community in Crown Heights have asked for the public's help in getting the girls home. 'We are involved in this case for over a year,' Gadi Hershkop, a member of the community public safety group Shomrim, said on Sunday. 'We need those kids back home in Crown Heights as soon as possible to a safe and loving home.' Police said the couple could be driving a red 2001 Toyota 4-Runner with New Jersey license plate A68EMS. Shomrim's search efforts have expanded beyond New York and into New Jersey and elsewhere along the East Coast. It remained unclear whether the children were in any danger. Also unclear was the reason the couple had lost full custody of the girls. The girls are believed to be with their parents, Chana Yehudis Kutsy and Alan Velvel Kutsy. The couple had only trial custody of the girls and have broken the terms of that custody by taking off .
highlights: Police and members of an orthodox Jewish group in Brooklyn are searching for Riva and Yosefa Kutsy .
id: 3720f8244c4e602068fc30787dc485c6b7e94c5f
chatgpt: Police and members of an ultra-Orthodox Jewish community in Brooklyn are conducting a search for two missing siblings, Riva and Yosefa Kutsy, who were last seen on Monday morning. They disappeared from an all-girls school in Williamsburg, where they were students. According to a statement from the New York Police Department (NYPD), the girls’ parents reported them missing on Monday after they failed to return home. Police have not yet released any information regarding the circumstances of their disappearance. The search for the Kutsy sisters has mobilized a large group of community members, including volunteers from Shmira, a Jewish community security group. The Orthodox Jewish community in Williamsburg is known for its tight-knit nature and cooperative efforts in protecting its members. On Monday evening, Shmira issued a public statement asking anyone with information to come forward. "We urge anyone who saw any suspicious activity in the area on Monday morning or who may have any information about the girls' whereabouts to come forward," the statement read. The disappearance of the Kutsy sisters has prompted concerns about the safety of the Orthodox community in Brooklyn. In recent years, there has been a rise in hate crimes and acts of violence targeting Jewish individuals and institutions in New York City. Leaders in the Orthodox community have called for increased security measures in response to the growing threat of anti-Semitism. Several organizations, including the Orthodox Union and the Anti-Defamation League, have offered support and resources to the community in the wake of the Kutsy sisters' disappearance. The search for Riva and Yosefa Kutsy continues, and authorities are urging anyone with information to come forward. The NYPD has also asked the public to be on the lookout for the girls and to immediately contact police if they are spotted. As the community and law enforcement continue their search efforts, many are hoping for a safe and speedy resolution to the disappearance of the Kutsy sisters. "Our thoughts and prayers are with the Kutsy family during this difficult time," said Rabbi David Niederman, President of the United Jewish Organizations of Williamsburg. "We will do everything in our power to bring these girls back to safety."