article: The United States imposed fresh sanctions on North Korea on Friday in its first public act of retribution for a crippling cyberattack against Sony. The stepped-up sanctions, authorized by executive order from President Barack Obama, will affect three North Korean entities, including a government intelligence agency and a North Korean arms dealer. The U.S. is also sanctioning 10 individuals who work for those entities or the North Korean government, the Treasury Department said. Scroll down for video . Sanctions: President Obama, left, authorized a new wave of sanctions against the oppressive regime, led by Kim Jong Un, pictured right giving a New Year's address . 'The order is not targeted at the people of North Korea, but rather is aimed at the government of North Korea and its activities that threaten the United States and others,' Obama wrote to a letter to House and Senate leaders. Although the U.S. already has tough sanctions in place against North Korea over its nuclear program, these are the first sanctions punishing Pyongyang for alleged cyberattacks. The White House said this is just the first part of the U.S. response to the Sony incident. The FBI has blamed North Korea for the crippling cyberattack against Sony Pictures Entertainment. North Korea has denied involvement, but has expressed fury over a comedy film by Sony that mocked North Korea's leader. The Interview, directed by Seth Rogen and starring himself and James Flacco, depicted the Kim Jon Un as a manic, embarrassing psychopath who cries over Katy Perry songs and soils himself on live television. Outrage: The hacking attack was caused by outrage over Sony film The Interview, which depicted the violent death of Supreme Leader Kim Jong Un, above . Sony Pictures initially called off release of the film, citing threats of terror attacks against U.S. movie theaters. Obama criticized Sony's decision, and the movie opened last month. A nearly 10-hour shutdown of North Korean websites last week prompted widespread speculation that the U.S. had launched a counterattack in retribution, but the White House did not comment on whether the U.S. was responsible. The U.S. has vowed a proportional response to the Sony incident but has warned its response would 'take place at a time and in a manner of our choosing.' Diplomatic incident: Satirical film The Interview prompted the enormous hack attack on Sony, and almost canceled the film .
highlights: President Obama authorized new, even tougher, measures against country . They target three organizations and 10 individuals - and more could follow . A government intelligence agency and an arms dealer are among targets . Sanctions are government's first reprisal for cyber attack on Sony . Hackers lashed out after being offended by satire film The Interview . FBI said North Korean regime is responsible - though they denied claims .
id: e5b59ee6ac5cc5a7e2a71d0bdd62452a909f9268
chatgpt: President Obama has authorized new, even tougher measures against a country believed to be responsible for a cyber attack on Sony Pictures Entertainment last year. The sanctions target three organizations and 10 individuals, including a government intelligence agency and an arms dealer. This is the government's first reprisal for the cyber attack which saw hackers release sensitive material and threaten violence in response to the release of a satire film, The Interview. While North Korea initially denied any link to the attack, the FBI eventually named the regime as responsible. The new measures come in the form of economic sanctions aimed at isolating these entities from the international financial system. The sanctions will freeze any assets they hold under US jurisdiction and prevent any US companies or individuals from doing business with them. The US Treasury Department, which administers international economic sanctions, stated that these measures will "further isolate key North Korean entities and disrupt the activities of North Korean networks engaged in illegal activities." It added that similar actions may be taken against other entities in the future. While it is unclear what effect these sanctions will have on the sanctioned entities, the message from the US government is clear: there will be consequences for those who pose a threat to US national security. The move has drawn praise from some quarters, with Republican Senator John McCain calling it "important and justified." Others have criticized these measures as not going far enough. Brad Sherman, a Democratic Representative, argued that the US should have targeted the North Korean regime itself. The US government has been stepping up its response to cyber attacks in recent years, including imposing similar sanctions on Chinese entities in the wake of cyber espionage. President Obama has also issued an executive order authorizing sanctions against foreign entities involved in significant cyber attacks against the US. The effects of these new sanctions are yet to be seen, but they represent an important development in the US government's approach to cyber security. As cyber attacks become an increasingly common form of warfare between nations, the US is sending a clear message that it will not tolerate threats to its national security.