article: (RollingStone.com) -- Rage Against The Machine guitarist Tom Morello spent Monday at the Wisconsin protests, performing acoustic songs at a rally and delivering a fiery speech to the thousands inside of the capital rotunda who are protesting Governor Walker's attempt to end the right of state employees to collectively bargain. "What's happened so far might be the most inspiring 24 hours of my life as an activist," Morello tells Rolling Stone. "I've never seen this kind of outpouring of unapologetic, steel-backboned support for union causes in the United States. The Madison police were delivering bratwurst to the protesters inside the capitol, and the kids were thanking them. It was unbelievable." Rolling Stone: Tom Morello rocks Wisconsin protesters . At a freezing cold rally outside of the capital, Morello was joined by Rise Against frontman Tim Mcilrath, Wayne Kramer of the MC5 and Boston folk group Street Dogs. The show mixed classics like Neil Young's "Ohio," Bob Marley's "Get Up, Stand Up" and Morello's driving acoustic version of Rage Against the Machine's "Guerilla Radio." "No matter what Gov. Walker, the Mubarak of the Midwest, says, this land is your land," Morello said before singing Woody Guthrie's "This Land is Your Land." "Never give up and never give in!" Rolling Stone: Tom Morello's top ten protest anthems . If Governor Walker's bill passes, it would effectively destroy Wisconsin's civil servant unions; many fear that other Republican-controlled states would attempt to follow suit. "I come from a coal-mining town in central Illinois where everybody was union," says Morello. "For almost 30 years, my mom was a public high school teacher in Libertyville, Illinois. I grew up with a firm belief that the leverage we have as working people is through the union. It's the only counterweight to the raw greed of corporate power. For the past 22 years, I've been a union man in L.A. as a member of the Professional Musicians Local 47." Rolling Stone: Rage Against the Machine rock for immigrants' rights in California . After the rally, Morello entered the packed Capitol rotunda, which had been occupied for the past week, grabbed a bullhorn, and made one of the most rousing speeches of the day. "This is what they do in times of economic crisis," Morello said. "They think people aren't paying attention, that they can just sneak through this legislation that would rob us of decades, centuries of social progress. We didn't pick this fight. [Governor Walker] tapped us on the shoulder and said 'let's fight.' And now we're gonna knock his legislative teeth out." Reporting by Patrick Doyle . Copyright © 2010 Rolling Stone.
highlights: Outside of the capital, Morello was joined by other musicians to protest . "I come from a coal-mining town in central Illinois where everybody was union." In the Capitol rotunda, Morello grabbed a bullhorn and made a speech .
id: d647c2db9ceb20ca351f10b8411942b36c3a44d9
chatgpt: Musician Tom Morello joined forces with other musicians outside of the capital today to stage a protest in support of workers' rights. Morello, who hails from a coal-mining town in central Illinois, has long been a vocal advocate for unionization and economic justice. "I come from a coal-mining town in central Illinois where everybody was union," Morello said to the assembled crowd outside the Capitol building. "I know firsthand the power of collective action and the importance of standing together in the face of oppression." Morello was joined by a diverse array of musicians and activists, including punk icon Laura Jane Grace and hip-hop artist Vic Mensa. Together, they voiced their support for the workers who keep this country running behind the scenes, often without the recognition or compensation they deserve. "These are the people who make America great," Morello said as he grabbed a bullhorn and addressed the crowd gathered in the Capitol rotunda. "The people who do the hard work, day in and day out, to keep this country moving forward. And yet they are often the most vulnerable and underpaid members of our society." The protest was organized in response to a growing backlash against worker activism and unionization in many parts of the United States. As large corporations continue to amass more wealth and power than ever before, workers find themselves at a growing disadvantage when it comes to negotiating for better wages, benefits, and working conditions. But despite the challenges they face, Morello and his fellow activists remain hopeful about the future. They believe that by standing together and pushing back against the forces that seek to undermine workers' rights, they can create a more equitable and just society for all. "Unionization isn't just about better pay and benefits," Morello said. "It's about dignity, respect, and a voice in the decisions that affect our lives. We need to stand together and demand that our voices be heard, and that our interests be represented at the bargaining table." As the protest wound down and the sun began to set over the Capitol building, Morello and his fellow activists vowed to continue the fight for workers' rights. They may come from different backgrounds and musical genres, but they share a common goal: a more just and equitable society, where everyone has the opportunity to thrive and succeed.