article: Jumping out of buildings, running through barbed wire, flying makeshift planes and digging secret tunnels -- all desperate measures used by people to flee East Berlin after the wall went up. Those images and memories flooded back into Germany's collective conscious on Sunday, as the nation celebrated 25 years since the Berlin Wall came tumbling down. On November 9, 1989, tens of thousands of Germans literally tore it down by hand -- using their fists, pickaxes, sledgehammers and shovels. Then East Germany's communist government helped, heaving away chunks of it by crane, as its citizens streamed into the West and its one-party oligarchy collapsed. Freedom and ultimately a united Germany emerged from the bitter Cold War that had separated Berlin since the first concrete barrier went up in 1961. How 'The Tiger' fought the East German Stasi . Berlin today . In the years since the Wall came down, the city has undergone a massive transformation as people and money poured into the former East Berlin. Berlin now shines as a crown jewel of central Europe. It's a far cry from the city and the country that were bombed to ruins during World War II. And Germany is now the world's fourth largest economy and the driving market in the European Union. On Sunday, thousands of Berliners, dignitaries and visitors from around the world gathered around the city's iconic Brandenburg Gate to remember the moment that many thought would never come. German Chancellor Angela Merkel said the fall of the Berlin Wall sends "a message of hope and that dreams can come true, nothing has to stay as it is, even if it's difficult." People are also visiting the East Side Gallery, the longest part of the wall still standing -- measuring 2.2 kilometers or 1.6 miles. Most of the Wall was dismantled in the immediate aftermath and much of it was sent to other countries. There are parts of the Wall at the United Nations headquarters in New York as well as U.S. embassies and presidential libraries. 25 things you love about Berlin . Grandiose work of art . A grandiose performance art celebration on Sunday is to symbolize the disappearance of the wall. The "Lichtgrenze" (Border of Light) was placed along the former path of the Berlin Wall. It comprises thousands of illuminated white helium balloons -- to be released into the sky after a performance by the Staatskapelle Berlin orchestra. In a more somber ceremony, candles will burn at the National Memorial for the Victims of the Berlin Wall. Two hundred people were killed while trying to escape, many of them shot by border guards, others succumbing to accidents. Berlin Mayor Klaus Wowereit says he hopes the ceremonies will spread hope to people around the world. "When the wall came down it was a signal to the world that freedom is possible," he said. "There are many other walls in the world and people who do not live free. We want them to watch these ceremonies and events and be inspired by them."
highlights: The Berlin Wall came down 25 years ago, as the Cold War ended . Germans celebrate Sunday anniversary with services, performance art, concert . Germans tried to break out of the former communist dictatorship in East Germany . They cleared the wall using various methods, but 200 paid with their lives .
id: 3ee94d218979b459196743ab0a3d2957f72422c3
chatgpt: On November 9, 1989, the Berlin Wall came down and ushered in a new era of hope and unity for the German people. This year marks the 25th anniversary of that historic moment and Germans across the country have been celebrating with a range of events and ceremonies. Sunday's anniversary was marked with services, performance art, and a concert at the iconic Brandenburg Gate. The celebrations were attended by thousands of Germans who wanted to remember the day that brought an end to the Cold War and set the stage for German reunification. As Germans celebrated, they also took time to remember the sacrifices made by those who tried to break out of the former communist dictatorship in East Germany. The Berlin Wall was one of the most heavily fortified borders in the world and crossing it was a treacherous and dangerous undertaking. Many tried and failed, while others succeeded only to be caught and punished. The wall was erected in 1961 and for almost three decades it divided Berlin and the German people. It was, in many ways, a physical manifestation of the Cold War and the ideological struggle between the capitalist west and communist east. But as the years went on, it became a symbol of oppression and a reminder of the things that divided Germany. Germans came up with a range of methods to clear the wall and escape to the west. Some dug tunnels under the wall, others used homemade hot air balloons, and still others disguised themselves and snuck through checkpoints. But for many, these attempts ended in tragedy. It's estimated that over 200 Germans died trying to cross the wall. Some were shot by East German border guards, others drowned in the river that ran alongside the wall. Each one of these deaths was a reminder of the incredible risk that people were willing to take to be free. As the wall came down, it was a moment of jubilation for Germans on both sides. It was the end of an era and the beginning of a new one. But the legacy of the wall and what it represented still lingers. For those who lived through it, the memories of the wall and the sacrifices made to cross it will never fade. Today, the Berlin Wall is still an important symbol for Germans. It's a reminder of the past and a testament to the resilience of the human spirit. As Germany celebrates this historic anniversary, it does so with the knowledge that the world is still a dangerous and unpredictable place, but that there is always hope for a better future.