article: Severe amnesia: The mystery man has told police he suffers from a disorder called dissociative fugue . A man with severe amnesia who believes his name is David or Tony has been found sleeping on the streets, having forgotten his identity. The mystery man has told police he suffers from a disorder called dissociative fugue - a condition often connected to some form of traumatic experience which can cause loss of memory. He was brought to the attention of detectives last September after appearing to be out of place sleeping rough in Cleethorpes, Lincolnshire. Having spent four months trying to discover his identity, police now want the public to help. He believes his name is either David or Tony Thorpe and that his date of birth is October 5, 1955 - making him 58 - but a thorough search of both police and NHS systems has drawn blanks. The stranger said he thought he was from Rotherham, South Yorkshire, but was not sure and also thought he could have connections in Blackpool, Lancashire. The man is well-spoken and has a northern accent which could be from either the Yorkshire or Lincolnshire area. Authorities hope this clue could help unlock the secrets of his past. Police officers said the mystery man is not a person who sits begging on the street and that he is not wanted for any criminal offences. Humberside Police Detective Chief Inspector Paul Welton said: ‘This is very rare case in which somebody will come to an area, and have no idea who they are and if they have any family. Appeal: He was brought to the attention of detectives last year after appearing to be out of place sleeping rough . ‘We have not been able to establish how the man came to stop in north-east Lincolnshire, however we are doing all we can to help him find his family and friends. ‘The man is no longer sleeping rough and is being supported by the police and a number of agencies. He does not drink alcohol and does not take any form of drugs or medication.’ DCI Welton added: ‘This is a genuine case of somebody who really does need to the help of the public to return home to his family and his friends. ‘Anyone, who may think they can help this man find out who he is should call Humberside Police as a matter of urgency. We want to all we can to help him but we can't do that if somebody does not come forward to tell us who he is.’
highlights: Mystery man tells Lincolnshire police he suffers from dissociative fugue . It's a condition often connected to some form of traumatic experience . Believes his name is either David or Tony Thorpe and he is 58 years old . But thorough search of both police and NHS systems has drawn blanks .
id: ce396a969fce197c8e410fcfd97a2478e85ff115
chatgpt: A mysterious man has surfaced in Lincolnshire, claiming to suffer from dissociative fugue, a psychological condition often associated with trauma. The man, who believes his name to be either David or Tony Thorpe, has left authorities baffled as a thorough search of both police and National Health Service (NHS) databases has yielded no results. Despite extensive investigations, the authorities have been unable to verify the identity of the man who claims to be 58 years old. Dissociative fugue is a rare and unusual psychiatric disorder wherein an individual experiences a memory loss of personal identity and past events. Those who suffer from this condition may exhibit unexpected shifts in behavior and identity. The condition can be brought on by extreme stress, physical or emotional trauma. While it is not clear what may have led to the man's dissociative fugue, it is being speculated that some form of trauma may have prompted it. Dissociative fugues can also be triggered by an overwhelming desire to escape a stressful or traumatic situation. The man's case has intrigued experts as he appears to be in good physical health and there are no obvious signs of foul play. However, his inability to remember his own identity has made it exceedingly difficult for the authorities to assist him. It is unclear whether he had any family or friends who could shed light on his identity or possible history. The police have issued an appeal for any information that could lead to the man's identity. They have also asked the public to come forward with any information that may be pertinent to the case. The man's condition is so rare that it appears to have caught even the authorities off guard. Furthermore, the NHS has also been involved in the search for the man's identity, but despite their extensive database, they have been unable to validate any information against their records. The authorities are currently reviewing CCTV footage and conducting door-to-door inquiries in the area where the man was found. It is perhaps the lack of information that has made this case even more mysterious. Who is this man and what may have caused him to suffer from dissociative fugue? These are questions that the authorities are desperate to answer. For now, the man who believes his name to be either David or Tony Thorpe remains in limbo, trapped in the confines of his own mind. The case serves as a reminder of the complexity of the human brain and the strange and inexplicable conditions that can arise when it malfunctions. The search for this mysterious man's true identity continues.