article: By . Leon Watson . PUBLISHED: . 07:10 EST, 1 March 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 07:13 EST, 1 March 2013 . A bartender has claimed she was fired after reporting to police that a regular patron had got into his car and driven away drunk. Twyla DeVito, from Shelby, Ohio, was praised by police for the act which they said was the right thing to do. But according to DeVito she lost her job at the American Legion Post bar for reporting the man, who is a board member of the American Legion. Bartender Twyla DeVito claims she was fired over what local police in Ohio say was the right thing to do . She told ABC News: 'There was no cab, I couldn’t give him a ride home and I was working.' Shelby Police Chief Charles Roub said officers found the patron driving with a blood alcohol level more than twice the legal limit. He was issued a citation for operating a vehicle under the influence, according to a police report. Two days later, DeVito received a call from her commander telling her she was fired. 'He called me and said that I was bad for business,' she said. '[He said], "This is nothing personal, this is all business, but I am going to have to fire you." 'My commander said I didn’t follow protocol, but there was no protocol,' she added. The American Legion Post in Shelby, Ohio, where bartender Twyla DeVito worked for a year before she was sacked . ABC News tried to reach the American Legion Post in Shelby, Ohio, for comment by telephone was unsuccessful. According to the Ohio Department of Public Safety, there is not a law that requires a bartender to report a drunk driver. Roub said: 'I support what she did. We encourage people to report crimes, we encourage people to report drunk driving and, as a police officer, that helps me do my job.' DeVito said she does not regret calling police. 'If he had gotten in a wreck that would have been on me, because I was on my shift,' said DeVito. 'It was in a lose-lose situation. I choose to possibly save a life. 'I just want people to understand [that] bartenders are in a catch 22,' DeVito said. 'I can cut you off but you are still getting in your car and you’re still drunk. The whole point is being missed. You are still in a car drunk and driving.'
highlights: Twyla DeVito, from Shelby, Ohio, was praised by police for the act . But two days after incident, she received the call from her boss .
id: 66f0ab9ec338ccb1d09856df1aa827adbb84b53d
chatgpt: Shelby, Ohio - Twyla DeVito, a resident of Shelby, Ohio, was praised by police for her heroic act. But just two days after the incident, she also received a call from her boss. DeVito made the news earlier this week when she saw something suspicious while driving home from work. She noticed a car going the wrong way on a busy highway and immediately took action. DeVito chased after the car on the opposite side of the highway and managed to block the wrong-way driver with her vehicle, preventing an accident in the process. The police later arrived at the scene and arrested the driver. DeVito's brave actions earned her praise from both the community and law enforcement officials. The Shelby Police Department took to social media to thank DeVito for her speedy intervention. The incident quickly gained local media coverage, with reporters praising DeVito's efforts in preventing a potential disaster. However, just two days after the incident, DeVito received a call from her boss that left her surprised and disappointed. According to DeVito, her boss asked her to stop talking about the incident and not to bring it up again. DeVito was left confused as she felt she had done something exceptional and should be applauded for it. After DeVito's story regarding the call from her boss went viral, the Shelby community rallied around her in support. DeVito received an outpouring of support from her fellow citizens, with many people expressing their gratitude towards her heroic act. The incident also sparked a conversation about workplace culture and how it can stifle employees from speaking out or standing up for their beliefs. Many people felt that DeVito's boss had acted inappropriately and should have commended DeVito for her actions. In response to the overwhelming support, DeVito issued a statement thanking everyone for their support and stating that she hoped her action would inspire others to do the same. She also expressed hope that workplaces would be more supportive of their employees who take action in difficult circumstances. DeVito's story serves as a reminder of the power of community support and the need for positive reinforcement in the workplace. Even though DeVito's boss may have acted inappropriately, her bravery and quick thinking have earned her the respect and admiration of her fellow citizens.