article: (CNN) -- Afghan President Hamid Karzai dismissed calls for negotiations with the Taliban, saying neighboring Pakistan is the key to peace talks with the insurgency, the presidential press service said in a statement Saturday. "The people of Afghanistan say 'president, you have called for peace but peace with who?'" according to the statement. "I don't have another answer for them, except to say that it is Pakistan we have to approach. We cannot find Mullah Omar. Where is he? We don't know where the Taliban Shura is." The comments came the same day Afghanistan's intelligence service said it provided evidence that the assassination of former Afghan President Berhanuddin Rabbani was planned by the Taliban council in Quetta, Pakistan. Rabbani, who was spearheading the reconciliation process with the Taliban, was killed in a suicide bomb attack at his home on September 20. Police said the bomber claimed to be a Taliban member who had come for the talks about peace and reconciliation and detonated the explosives as he entered the home. "We have given the evidence to the Pakistan Embassy in Afghanistan to cooperate with us," Lutfullah Mashal, Afghanistan's intelligence service spokesman, told reporters. "We have concrete evidence that (Taliban council in Quetta) was responsible for killing the head of the peace council." Among the evidence turned over to Pakistani officials were photographs, documents, maps and the location where Rabbani's killing was planned, Mashal said. Long an enemy of the Taliban, Rabbani was a controversial choice when appointed by Karzai as chairman of the High Peace Council a year ago. He was forced to flee Kabul when the Taliban took over in 1996, but he continued to lead resistance to the regime from his stronghold in Faizabad in northern Afghanistan. Rabbani's death shocked the war-torn country, undermined the fledgling peace initiative and stoked fears of renewed ethnic conflict between Pashtuns and others, such as Rabbani's ethnic group of Tajiks. Karzai believes any negotiations must be conducted with Pakistan since the enemy "sanctuaries and operating places" are there, the statement said. In the statement, Karzai condemned insurgent attacks launched from Pakistan's volatile tribal area that borders Afghanistan. "We also condemn the attacks on Nuristan and Kunar from Pakistan, and have asked the Foreign Ministry to use emergency diplomacy and contacts to stop these attacks," the statement said. The comments by the Afghan president follow ones made by U.S. Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman Adm. Mike Mullen, who said last week that the Haqqani network -- which has carried out a number of high profile terror attacks in Afghanistan -- acted "as a veritable arm of Pakistan's intelligence." Pakistan's prime minister has rejected Mullen's accusations. Western counterterrorism officials believe that contrary to Pakistan's assertions, the Haqqanis rely on Pakistani territory -- specifically the tribal areas of North Waziristan and the Khurram agency -- to organize, resupply and raise funds. CNN's Nick Paton Walsh, Matiullah Mati and Ruhullah Khapalwak contributed to this report.
highlights: New: Afghans have "concrete evidence" that an assassination was plotted in Pakistan, an official says . New: Afghans turn over photos, documents and maps to Pakistan Embassy, the official says . New: Karzai condemns attacks launched from Pakistan's volatile tribal regions . Talks must be conducted with Pakistan since enemy sanctuaries are there, Karzai says .
id: be31e7c92b39cad998e92391eb3d009d943cb33e
chatgpt: Afghan officials have revealed that they have "concrete evidence" that an assassination was planned in neighbouring Pakistan. The officials turned over photos, documents and maps to the Pakistan Embassy to support their claim. Afghan President Hamid Karzai has condemned repeated attacks launched upon Afghan soil from Pakistan's volatile tribal regions. He also insisted talks must take place between the two nations since enemy sanctuaries are being kept in Pakistan.  The evidence presented by Afghan officials shows a proof of a complete and thorough operation with a map outlining routes and potential escape routes. These details were uncovered when Afghan security forces arrested several members of the group in Kabul. "We have shared evidence with our brothers and are waiting to hear from them. We hope that Pakistan will take the necessary action against those who are using their soil to destabilize Afghanistan," the official stated. Pakistan has always denied any allegations of supporting insurgents and militants operating in Afghanistan. However, security experts have long known about sanctuaries being provided to the Taliban and other militant groups in Pakistan's tribal regions. These areas have been considered a haven for militants, providing them with areas of refuge, weapons and training to fight against Afghan and NATO troops.  The uneasy relations between Afghanistan and Pakistan have been further strained by the recent spate of attacks, leading to Afghanistan officials doubting Pakistan's commitment to bring peace and stability to the region. Karzai has often accused Pakistan of using "duality in fighting the war on terror" - on one hand pledging support to fighting against militants but on the other hand supporting insurgents who are destabilizing Afghanistan. In a recent statement, Karzai said the two nations must work together if they are to eliminate the militants operating in the region. "Afghanistan wants peace in the region, but it cannot be achieved until enemy sanctuaries are eliminated. We must have sincere and honest negotiations with our neighbours for peace in the region," Karzai said.  The cooperation between the two nations has been necessary to combat militants such as the Taliban and its affiliates. While there have been some successes and achievements, the relations between the two countries have always been strained. Pakistan has repeatedly been accused of providing safe havens for militants while also being seen as a partner in the fight against terrorism.  Many analysts believe that the mistrust between Afghanistan and Pakistan goes beyond just security and political issues. It stems from a deep-rooted distrust and suspicion of each other's intentions towards the region. However, it is hoped that the recent evidence provided by Afghanistan will be seen as an opportunity to work together, with Pakistan taking action against those who actively try to destabilize the region.  The militants operating in the region have benefited from the lack of cooperation between Afghanistan and Pakistan. If both countries can work together and create an environment of trust and collaboration, it will undoubtedly bring peace and stability to the region. It remains to be seen whether this will happen, but Karzai's statement shows willingness and a desire for peace in the region. The road towards peace is fraught with hurdles and obstacles, but if the two neighbours can work together, it may be possible to create a future free from the violence and devastation that has plagued the region for decades.