article: By . Marcus Townend for MailOnline . The formbook shouted Derby runner-up Kingston Hill was the class act in the Ladbrokes St Leger and the 9-4 favourite proved it emphatically at Doncaster with a length and a quarter win. Now trainer Roger Varian, winning his first Classic, has set his sights on the Prix De L'Arc De Triomphe in three week's time. His colt's odds for the biggest race in Europe have been cut to 10-1 by Saturday's sponsors. Jockey Andrea Atzeni celebrates after victory on Kingston Hill in the St Leger at Doncaster . The Leger result was also a massive endorsement of the Epsom Derby form. Runner-up was Epsom third Romsdal, who narrowly failed to give his trainer John Gosden a fifth Leger win. Sir Michael Stoute's Snow Sky, hampered as the winner hung left in the closing stages – a manoeuvre which meant he had to survive a Stewards' Enquiry - was two lengths further back in third. The build-up had been dominated by doubts over Kingston Hill running with concern quickening ground might force Varian to pull out his colt just as he had done for his two previous intended runs. But Kingston Hill coped and also demonstrated reserves of stamina his pedigree questioned with a sweeping run which started at the back of the field over three furlongs out in the mile and three-quarter race. Kingston Hill (far left) powers to victory at Doncaster racecourse on Saturday afternoon . Varian, 35, in his fourth season training, said: 'He looked a Classic horse at the start of the year and he has won Classic. 'I still think the ground is quicker than ideal for him but he has handled it. When he gets his conditions he will be an even better horse. 'He has not had a busy summer. Hopefully he has not finished yet this year. You would have to consider a crack at the Arc.' Kingston Hill, who won the Group One Racing Post Trophy at Doncaster last year, is owned by Buckingham-based Paul Smith and named after a local hill the fitness-conscious owner regular cycles up. Andrea Atzeni shows off his latest piece of silverware after leading Kingston Hill to the finish line first . He was joined in the winner's enclosure by father Derrick, whose colours are carried by Derby winner Australia and who helicoptered to Ireland to watch his colt in the Irish Champion after the presentations. Saturday's win was also a first Classic for 23-year-old jockey Andrea Atzeni as well as being his 100th win of the year. The rising star of the Weighing Room, later successful on Mount Logan, said: 'To win a Classic for him is amazing.' Outsider Odeon was withdrawn after arriving at the start wearing an undeclared Hood.
highlights: Kingston Hill was the 9-4 favourite before the race . Jockey Andrea Atzeni won his first Classic in the process . Trainer Roger Varian has now set his sights on the Prix De L'Arc De Triomphe in three weeks .
id: 731378578172fb93fb65fa9308bcf2e0dda08ef2
chatgpt: In a thrilling contest at Doncaster racecourse, the Investec Derby runner-up Kingston Hill was crowned the winner of the 2015 Ladbrokes St Leger Stakes. The three-year-old colt went off as the 9-4 favourite and lived up to his billing, producing a stunning display of stamina and speed to take the prestigious title. Jockey Andrea Atzeni was riding Kingston Hill for the first time, and he rose to the occasion in spectacular fashion. Atzeni, who won the last two renewals of the St Leger Stakes on board Kingston Hill's trainer Roger Varian's charge, produced an inspired ride, biding his time before unleashing the colt to devastating effect down the home straight. Kingston Hill hit the front with two furlongs left to run, and he quickly put daylight between himself and his rivals. Romsdal, trained by John Gosden, ran a fine race to take second place, finishing five lengths behind the winner. Snow Sky, the Epsom Derby runner-up, finished third, a further length and a half back. For Varian, the win marked a special moment in his training career. The Newmarket-based handler has made no secret of his admiration for the St Leger Stakes, and he was thrilled to see Kingston Hill perform so well. Speaking after the race, Varian said: "It's a great moment for everyone involved. Kingston Hill is a wonderful horse, and he's proved himself over a variety of distances. To win the St Leger is a fantastic achievement and a dream come true. We can't ask for any more." Varian went on to reveal that his next target for Kingston Hill would be the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe, which takes place at Longchamp in three weeks' time. The trainer believes that the 12-furlong contest will suit his charge, and he is hopeful that the colt can make his mark on the international stage. "Kingston Hill is a real class act, and we've always felt that he could hold his own against the best horses in Europe," Varian added. "The Arc is one of the most prestigious races in the world, and it would be a dream come true to win it. We'll give Kingston Hill a bit of time to recover from today's race, and then we'll start preparing him for Longchamp." For Atzeni, the win represented a personal milestone. The jockey had never won a Classic race before, and he was delighted to break his duck on such a big stage. Atzeni, who was drafted in to ride Kingston Hill after the colt's regular jockey, Andrea Atzeni, opted to ride Snow Sky, paid tribute to the horse and his trainer. "I'm over the moon," Atzeni said. "Kingston Hill has always been a top-class performer, and he showed it today. Roger Varian is a brilliant trainer, and he had Kingston Hill spot-on for this race. I'm just thrilled to be a part of it." There was also good news for the bookies, with Kingston Hill's success stinging some of the big-name punters. The colt's victory was well-backed, but his backers were relatively small in number, enabling the bookmakers to make a tidy profit on the race. All in all, it was a day to remember at Doncaster. The St Leger Stakes remains one of the most prestigious events on the racing calendar, and Kingston Hill showed that he is a worthy winner. With the Arc now firmly in his trainer's plans, the colt could be set for a glittering career on the international stage.