article: By . John Hall . PUBLISHED: . 07:30 EST, 24 February 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 07:55 EST, 24 February 2014 . This is the terrifying moment a woman was buried in wet cement following a car accident in China. The incident took place in Fuzhou, Fujian province earlier this week and left a woman pinned for 40 minutes beneath several tons of wet cement which completely crushed the roof of her vehicle. The crash happened after Lok Wan, 39, and his girlfriend Yin Min Tai, 35, took the wrong entrance to a busy motorway and decided to make a U-turn without checking their mirrors. A cement-laden lorry travelling close behind the couple was unable to stop in time and ploughed into the back of their car, shedding its load all over the vehicle. Lok Wan was able to scramble free of the car but rescuers initially thought there was little chance of Yin Min Tai surviving. As they began clearing the vehicle of cement, however, they heard her moaning and 40 minutes later were able to pull her free. Remarkably Yin Min Tai was left with little more than a few cuts and bruises as a result of the accident. Free: Yin Min Tai was trapped beneath the wet cement for 40 minutes before being pulled out by firefighters. She miraculously escaped with only minor injuries . Trapped: Yin Min Tai, 35, looks terrified after being trapped beneath several tons of wet cement following a car accident in Fujian province, south eastern China . Buried: Lok Wan was able to scramble free of the car but rescue workers initially thought there was little chance of his girlfriend Yin Min Tai surviving . Crushed: The incident took place near Fuzhou, China earlier this week and left a woman pinned beneath several tons of wet cement for over 40 minutes . Injured: The crash happened after Lok Wan, 39, and his girlfriend Yin Min Tai, 35 (pictured) took the wrong entrance on a motorway and decided to make a U-turn . Rescue: A cement-laden lorry travelling close behind the couple was unable to stop in time and ploughed into the back of their car, shedding its load all over the vehicle . A team of rescue workers surround the cement-covered car as they struggle to pull Yin Min Tai free. Her boyfriend, Lok Wan, was able to scramble from the vehicle . Dramatic: Lok Wan was able to scramble free of the car but rescuers initially thought there was little chance of Yin Min Tai surviving . Remarkable: As firefighters began clearing the vehicle they heard Yin Min Tai moaning and were able to pull her free. She had little more than a few cuts and bruises .
highlights: Yin Min Tai, 35, was trapped in her car in Fuzhou, Fujian province after a lorry shed cement all over her vehicle . She had been driving with boyfriend Lok Wan, 35, when they took the wrong road and decided to make a U-turn . Lorry travelling behind the couple was unable to stop and ploughed into the back of their car, shedding its load . Lok Wan was able to scramble to safety but his girlfriend was trapped beneath the crushed roof for 40 minutes .
id: 2a700774efa4acf079c87c5de14f41b92a9ea2ab
chatgpt: A woman was reportedly trapped inside her car in Fuzhou, Fujian province after a lorry shed cement all over her vehicle. Yin Min Tai, 35, had been driving along with her boyfriend Lok Wan, 35, when they realized they were on the wrong road and decided to make a U-turn. Unfortunately, a lorry driving behind them could not stop in time and crashed into the back of their car which caused all the cement to shed onto the car. Although Lok Wan managed to escape from the accident, Yin Min Tai was not so lucky and was trapped inside the car. The accident happened when the couple were traveling along a busy road in Fuzhou, and the lorry driver failed to halt his vehicle. The entire load from the lorry shed on top of Yin Min Tai's car, crushing the roof and trapping the lady inside the vehicle. Rescue workers rushed to the scene and worked tirelessly to free her from the wreckage. They underwent a huge challenge to extract her in view of the overly compressed roof. Reports indicate that Yin Min Tai was trapped for 40 minutes before finally being rescued. She was then rushed to the hospital where she is being treated for injuries that have not been made public. It seems that the vehicle was severely damaged, and the couple have been left traumatized by their experience. The local police have confirmed that they are investigating the accident and have urged all drivers to take extra care when on the road. They have also asked any witnesses to come forward with information to assist in their investigation. The incident highlights the importance of safe driving and taking precautions while on the road. It also reminds us all to be aware of potential dangers and to drive with caution, especially when navigating unfamiliar routes. Lorry drivers should also be extra vigilant when carrying heavy loads and ensure they have full control of their vehicle at all times. This incident should serve as a wake-up call to all drivers to take extra precautions when driving, and to always be mindful of potential dangers on the road. It is important to remember that road accidents can happen at any time, and it is up to all of us to ensure that we drive safely and responsibly to avoid any unnecessary harm.