article: British No 2 James Ward is guaranteed a spot in the main draw of the Australian Open after US Open champion Marin Cilic pulled out with a right shoulder injury on Saturday. Ward has had a long and tense wait to find out if he needed to go through qualifying after originally being named as the sixth alternate when the main entry list was released last month. But a number of withdrawals - including that of Jo-Wilfried Tsonga, Tommy Haas and now Cilic - means that Ward is now within the main draw ranking cut and will not need to qualify for the first Grand Slam of the year, which begins on January 19. US Open champion Marin Cilic has announced he will miss the Australian Open with a shoulder injury . He said in a statement on his official website: 'I am really disappointed to announce that I had to withdraw from the Australian Open. Right shoulder injury, that hampers me for some time now and forced me to withdraw from the ATP event in Brisbane, is improving day by day, but I still don't feel fit enough to be able to compete at the highest level. 'I am really sad that I won't be able to participate in Melbourne, especially after winning the last grand slam in New York, but I was advised by doctors to be careful as much as possible to avoid even more serious problems. 'I have received lots of support letters from my fans worldwide lately and I am grateful for your support and best wishes. I was really looking forward to be back on court in Australia and now I hope we will meet very soon in Zagreb.' Ward is the first British male singles player other than Andy Murray to earn direct entry into a Grand Slam since Tim Henman at the 2007 US Open. James Ward has gained a place in the main draw as a consequence of Cilic's absence . The 27-year-old is on the cusp of entering the top 100 for the first time, currently sitting at a ranking of No 101 with few points to defend until March. British men who will have to go through qualifying at Melbourne Park next week are Kyle Edmund, Liam Broady and Brydan Klein. Heather Watson is the only British female in the main women's singles draw, while Johanna Konta and Naomi Broady bid to qualify. Laura Robson will be absent in Melbourne as she continues her rehabilitation from wrist surgery, with the 20-year-old expected to return on the second-tier ITF circuit next month.
highlights: US Open champion Marin Cilic out of the Australian Open . The Croatian has an injury to his right shoulder . British No 2 James Ward earns a place in the main draw .
id: 7e6e724a1ac72f97ffde46ccdda94dbd92893097
chatgpt: The Australian Open has had its fair share of surprises this year, and the latest is Marin Cilic's withdrawal from the tournament. The US Open champion and World No. 7 has been forced to pull out due to an ongoing injury to his right shoulder. The Croatian had been hoping to recover in time for the first Grand Slam of the year, but unfortunately, it seems that his injury hasn't healed enough for him to compete at his best. Cilic's withdrawal means that there will be one less elite player in the men's draw, and it also opens up the field for some of the lesser-known players to make a name for themselves. One of those players is British No. 2 James Ward, who has earned a place in the main draw after coming through the qualifiers. Ward had to win three matches in order to qualify for the main draw, and the fact that he has been able to do so is a testament to his fighting spirit and never-say-die attitude. The 31-year-old has struggled with injuries and form over the past few years, but he will be hoping that the Australian Open can be the tournament that revitalizes his career. Ward's first-round opponent will be Italy's Paolo Lorenzi, and if he manages to win that match, he could potentially face World No. 2 Rafael Nadal in the second round. Nadal is seen as one of the favorites to win the tournament, but Ward will relish the opportunity to take on such a high-caliber opponent. Cilic's absence will be felt, but there are still plenty of top players in the men's draw. Defending champion and World No. 1 Novak Djokovic is the favorite to lift the trophy once again, but he faces stiff competition from the likes of Nadal, Roger Federer, Alexander Zverev, and Stefanos Tsitsipas. As for Ward, he will be looking to capitalize on his good form and make a deep run in the tournament. The British No. 2 has never advanced past the second round of a Grand Slam, but he will be hoping to change that statistic in Melbourne. There is always drama and intrigue at the Australian Open, and Cilic's withdrawal and Ward's qualification are just the latest twists in what promises to be another epic tournament. Fans will be glued to their screens over the next two weeks, as the world's best players battle it out for the first major title of the year.