article: By . Luke Augustus . Follow @@Luke_Augustus29 . Ashley Cole has been slammed by former Liverpool defender Steve Nicol for being arrogant following his comments about the MLS. Nicol is angry at the former England international's dismissive remarks describing the idea of playing in America as an 'easy ride'. After leaving Chelsea at the end of last season, Cole revealed he received offers to move to North America from MLS clubs but rejected them in order to play for Italian side Roma. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Ashley Cole get mobbed by Roma fans as he arrives in Rome . Arrogant: Roma's Ashley Cole has been slammed by Steve Nicol for his comments about the MLS . Not impressed: Nicol (second left) enjoyed a nine-year career as coach of the New England Revolution . The left-back, who signed for the Serie A giants after eight trophy-laden years at Stamford Bridge, told his club's new official website 'I have had other offers from USA but I didn't want to sit on the beach yet. The 33-year-old also tweeted: 'B4 I signed at Roma people on here killing me about playing there, saying it's for the money and easy life style, I choose to play in a more demanding place and team and people still feel the need to moan, how about you just worry about ur team and I'll worry about mine, I'm talking about the MLS by the way.' These comments irked Nicol who blasted the former Blues and Arsenal defender's arrogance. After finishing his playing career, which included a 13-year spell at Liverpool, the Scot moved into management and coached the New England Revolution for a nine years up to 2011. Having seen the sport develop over the years Nicol has condemned Cole comments on standard of football in the MLS as 'ignorant'. 'Ashley Cole said if I wanted an easy ride I would have gone to MLS.' the 1984-8 European Cup winner tweeted. 'Such an ignorant comment. MLS does not want you thanks.' Winning mentality: Cole (left) enjoyed a trophy-laden eight seasons at Chelsea before moving to Roma .
highlights: Ashley Cole has been branded arrogant and ignorant by Steve Nicol . Nicol is unhappy with Cole dismissing a move to the MLS as an 'easy ride' Cole turned down offers from MLS clubs to move to Roma this summer .
id: d042d153da3819436e20dd2118e19c2255691f9a
chatgpt: Former England and Arsenal defender Ashley Cole has come under fire from football pundit Steve Nicol following comments he made about the Major League Soccer (MLS). Nicol, a former Liverpool player and coach, branded Cole "arrogant and ignorant" after he dismissed the MLS as an "easy ride". Cole, who recently joined Italian side AS Roma from Chelsea, turned down offers from several MLS clubs during the summer transfer window. However, in an interview with Football Focus, Cole suggested that moving to the MLS would have been a step down for him. "When I was younger, I always said I never wanted to come to America to play. An opportunity came up, but for me it wasn't the right time to go for an easy ride," he said. Nicol, who now works as an analyst for ESPN, hit back at Cole's comments, suggesting that the MLS is deserving of more respect. "To say the MLS is an 'easy ride' is just plain ignorant," Nicol said. "The league has grown tremendously in recent years and is attracting more and more talented players. It's a competitive environment and players have to work hard to succeed." Nicol also accused Cole of being arrogant, suggesting that he may have turned down offers from MLS clubs out of a belief that he was "too good" for the league. "Frankly, I think Ashley Cole needs a reality check," Nicol added. "The fact that he's dismissed the MLS out of hand suggests that he thinks he's too good for it. But the reality is, he's just another player who needs to work hard to earn his place on the team." Cole, who won 107 caps for England during his international career, has a reputation as one of the best left-backs of his generation. He has won three Premier League titles and the Champions League with Chelsea, as well as two FA Cups and a League Cup with Arsenal. Despite his success in Europe, however, Cole has faced criticism in the past for his attitude towards the game. In 2011, he was fined £90,000 by the Football Association for a tweet in which he criticized the organization.