article: By . Rio Ferdinand . In one sense the World Cup is a new venture for me because I’m going to Brazil as part of the BBC team — and honoured to be doing so. I’ve spoken extensively to Gary Lineker and Alan Shearer about their TV roles and they say it’s obviously a different experience but probably the next best thing to playing. I can assure you of one thing though: I’m not quite ready to join the Lineker-Shearer retirement club just yet. I see myself as going to Rio very much as an active footballer with playing time ahead of me. Pundit: Rio Ferdinand will work for the BBC team at the World Cup this summer . Dream team: Ferdinand will work with the likes of Gary Lineker, Thierry Henry and Alan Shearer . It is feasible that in the coming weeks, perhaps even while I’m in South America, I’ll make a decision about the next stage in my career, and when that happens I’ll tell you about it. But I have options on the table from several clubs in England and overseas for next season and I’m intending to play on if the right situation arises. There is, in all honesty, nothing settled yet. Whatever I do next has to be right for me and my family and I’m going to take it one season at a time. I’m  keeping myself fit and in shape, doing my running and my workouts so I’ll be ready for whatever new club I join. In Brazil, a country I’ve never visited before, I’m sure I’ll catch up with all sorts of former colleagues and opponents now covering the game. But I also want to get out and about and explore, soak up the culture, try the food, hear the music, visit the favelas and get a proper look for myself at the other face of the carnival nation. End of the road: Ferdinand left Manchester United this summer after 12 years at Old Trafford . Finishing touches: The build up to Brazil has been overshadowed by society problems and construction delays . Brazil has its well documented social problems and I want to learn about those for myself. The poor seem to be getting poorer, and the rich richer. Thousands have been forcibly removed to make way for World Cup and Olympics projects. We need to educate ourselves on all this — and I intend to. I’ll have expert guides part of the time in the shape of the  Da Silva twins, who live in mountains outside Rio. They’re going to cook me dinner and we’re going play volleyball on their court. I’m going to beat them, obviously; they play all the time but still can’t beat my touch. The twins are expecting a crazy World Cup, crazy in a good sense, alive with noise and colour and home hopes. The further Brazil go, the  better the atmosphere will be, I’m sure. Rio Ferdinand is an interviewer, programme-maker and football expert for BT Sport .
highlights: Rio Ferdinand to join BBC as a pundit for the World Cup . Former England defender says he is not yet ready to finish playing . Ferdinand left Manchester United after 12 years with club .
id: c6624ccf435255963d3d8b41d55dd7f4b4f789a5
chatgpt: Former England defender Rio Ferdinand has announced that he will be joining the BBC as a pundit for the upcoming 2018 FIFA World Cup. The football legend left Manchester United after a 12-year stint with the club, and is not yet ready to hang up his boots just yet. Ferdinand was a key player for the Red Devils during his time at Old Trafford, winning six Premier League titles and a Champions League trophy in 2008. The 39-year-old retired from professional football in 2015, but has continued to stay involved in the game with his punditry work and his position on the UEFA technical committee. Speaking about his new role, Ferdinand expressed his excitement about the upcoming tournament and his eagerness to share his insights with the BBC's viewers. "I'm really looking forward to it," he said. "The World Cup is always a fantastic event, and I think this year's tournament in Russia is going to be particularly exciting. There are so many talented teams and players taking part, and I'm looking forward to sharing my thoughts and opinions with the BBC's audience." Ferdinand's hire is a major coup for the BBC, who have long been one of the UK's leading broadcasters when it comes to football coverage. The former England international's expertise and insight will undoubtedly add value to the BBC's already impressive lineup of experts and pundits. Yet, despite his new role with the broadcaster, Ferdinand insists that he is not yet ready to fully retire from the game. "I still love playing football, and I'm not ready to give it up just yet," he said. "I still train regularly and I'm always looking for new opportunities to play. Who knows, maybe I'll get the chance to play in a World Cup one day." Ferdinand's comments may raise eyebrows amongst some fans, who may question the wisdom of a player of his age and experience continuing to pursue a career on the pitch. However, the former Manchester United man has always been known for his dedication and work ethic, and he undoubtedly still has the ability to perform at a high level. For now, though, Ferdinand will be focusing on his punditry work for the BBC, as he joins the likes of Gary Lineker, Alan Shearer, and Frank Lampard in providing expert analysis and commentary on the upcoming tournament in Russia. With the World Cup set to kick off in just a few months' time, fans can look forward to hearing Ferdinand's thoughts on this year's event – and who knows, maybe he'll even drop a hint about his own future plans in the game.