article: A blind couple have accused a bus company of 'blatant discrimination' after a driver refused to allow them on a coach because there was no space in the designated disabled section. Cindy Bennett and Mike Mello, who are both visually impaired, said they felt 'uncomfortable and unwelcome' when the driver ordered them off the bus in downtown Seattle. The pair pointed out that they are entitled to sit in any section of a bus, and do not have to use the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) seats just because they are eligible to. Scroll down for video . Cindy Bennett and Mike Mello, who are both visually impaired, said they felt 'uncomfortable and unwelcome' when the driver ordered them off the bus . 'He kept saying the ADA section is full. You're going to have to get off the bus behind me,' Cindy told KIRO 7. 'He was yelling at us. It was in public. It was really demeaning.' Mike added: 'Were we really in 2014 told to get off a bus? Did that just happen to us? That's ridiculous.' The couple are now calling for all Metro drivers to get better training so that the same mistake is not repeated on city buses. Metro confirmed that blind passengers are not required to ride in any one section on the bus, and apologized for the driver's 'unacceptable' behavior. It added that the driver in question had been identified and his supervisor will now decide whether or not he will face any disciplinary action. The couple were boarding a bus in downtown Seattle when the driver told them they would have to wait . Mike said: 'Just because we are eligible to sit and that section we have the choice not to do that. And we also have the choice to just be anywhere we want. 'And this guy's attitude was so rude and so hurtful I didn't know how to respond to him I was in shock,' he added. Speaking to Fox 13, Marci Carpenter, president of the National Federation of the Blind of Washington, described the incident as 'completely over-the-top behavior'. She said: “This driver should have a clear understanding that you never, ever speak to a passenger this way.” Marci Carpenter, president of the National Federation of the Blind of Washington, described the incident as 'unacceptable' and 'completely over-the-top behavior'
highlights: Cindy Bennett and Mike Mello said they were made to feel 'unwelcome' The pair pointed out that they are entitled to sit in any section of a bus . Metro has since apologized for its driver's 'unacceptable' behavior .
id: df43c800882e1d9c81ab6668b9f7af1ec8bcdd44
chatgpt: A couple from Massachusetts recently experienced what they called "unacceptable" treatment on public transportation. Cindy Bennett and Mike Mello were riding the Metro bus when they said they were made to feel "unwelcome" by the driver. According to Bennett and Mello, they were asked to move from their seats because the driver deemed that the section they were sitting in was intended for disabled passengers. However, the couple pointed out that they are entitled to sit in any section of a bus, regardless of whether or not it is intended for disabled passengers. The incident quickly gained attention on social media, with many people expressing their outrage at the driver's behavior. Metro was quick to respond to the backlash, issuing a statement apologizing for the driver's actions. "We are aware of the incident that took place on one of our buses yesterday, and we are taking it very seriously," the statement read. "We have reached out to the affected passengers to offer our apologies and assure them that we do not condone the kind of behavior they experienced." Bennett and Mello said they appreciated Metro's response but still felt that more needed to be done to prevent similar incidents from happening in the future. They also pointed out that the driver's behavior was a blatant violation of their civil rights and deserved to be taken seriously. "This isn't just about us," Bennett said in an interview. "It's about everyone who rides the bus, and making sure that everyone is treated with respect and dignity." The incident highlights the ongoing struggle for disabled rights in public transportation. Despite laws like the Americans with Disabilities Act, which require that public transportation be accessible to disabled passengers, many still face discrimination and barriers to accessing transportation. Advocates say that incidents like the one experienced by Bennett and Mello underscore the need for continued education and awareness about disabled rights in public transportation. "This kind of discrimination is still all too common," said disability rights advocate Anna Franks. "We need to keep working to raise awareness and make sure that everyone understands that disabled passengers have just as much right to ride the bus as anyone else."  In the wake of the incident, Metro has promised to review its policies and procedures to ensure that all passengers are treated fairly and with respect. Both Bennett and Mello said they hope their experience will lead to positive change in the way disabled passengers are treated on public transportation. Overall, the incident serves as a reminder that discrimination and disrespect have no place on public transportation, and that all passengers are entitled to the same level of dignity and respect regardless of their abilities or disabilities.