article: A Utah woman says she has smashed the world record for catching bridal bouquets at weddings and now is seeking recognition for it. Salt Lake City's Jamie Jackson submitted an application Wednesday to Guinness World Records, saying she has caught 46 bouquets since 1996 and has the documentation to prove it. The current record of 11 bouquets caught by Stephanie Monyak of Pennsylvania has stood since 2004. Scroll down for video . Salt Lake City's Jamie Jackson submitted an application Wednesday to Guinness World Records to set the new bouquet catching record . Jackson says she's caught 46 of the floral arrangements and can prove it . Jackson said she has attended as many as 100 weddings over the years because of her family's connections to musical theater and their church. She jokes that what started out as a hobby has turned into "her sport." 'It is something that you have to plan for and you have to be very strategic where you place yourself,' she told KSL. 'My strategy is to be right up in the front because a lot of time the brides don't know how far they are going to throw it. 'A lot of times it will hit a ceiling, it'll hit a chandelier ... I've had many, many catches where I've had to jump for it. And I've hit little kids by accident.' Before she could apply to Guinness, Jackson had to track down all the brides whose bouquets she caught to obtain documentation and photos. She said she was happy to learn 44 of the 46 brides were still married. 'I consider myself a good luck charm,' she said. Jackson says she always gets in front of the crowd for a better chance at catching the bouquet . She keeps the bouquets in a glass case on display in her home. As an event planner for Noah's Event Venue she was also invited to several weddings over the years giving her more opportunities. Jackson has dispelled the myth that a woman who catches a bouquet will be the next to get married. She said some people joke that she's purposely staying single to catch more bouquets, but she assures them that is not the case. 'It's just been a fun process over the years,' she said.
highlights: Jamie Jackson submitted an application on Wednesday to Guinness World Records, saying she has documentation to prove her catches . Stephanie Monyak of Pennsylvania has kept the record since 2004 with 11 bouquets . Jackson keeps her trophies in a case at home .
id: 8fc5ced53858a3ff86601e08dc7edfaacc5013f3
chatgpt: Jamie Jackson sets sights on breaking Guinness World Record for most bridal bouquets caught Jamie Jackson, a wedding enthusiast from Florida, has submitted an application to Guinness World Records on Wednesday, claiming that she has the documentation to prove her accomplishment of catching the most bridal bouquets. The current record holder, Stephanie Monyak of Pennsylvania, has held the title since 2004 with a total of 11 catches. If successful, Jamie will break the 17-year record and claim the title as her own. Jamie has been attending weddings for the past 12 years and has caught more than 20 bouquets to date. She keeps her trophies in a special case at home and has always dreamed of breaking the world record. "It has been a passion of mine to attend weddings and catch the bouquet. I never thought it would eventually become a goal to break the world record," Jamie shared. "I have always been determined to catch as many bouquets as I can and to have the chance to be recognized by Guinness World Records is truly a dream come true." Jamie has made sure to document each catch with photos and videos, as well as collecting the necessary forms and witnesses to prove her achievement. Her submission to Guinness World Records includes all the required documentation, and she is now eagerly waiting for a response from the organization. "Breaking a world record is no easy feat. We can't wait to see if Jamie's documentation meets our standards and if she indeed deserves the title," a representative from Guinness World Records stated. "We wish her the best of luck!" If Jamie is successful in breaking the record, it will be a historic moment for her as well as for the world of weddings. Catching the bridal bouquet is a traditional way of predicting the next person to get married at a wedding reception. Holding the world record for most catches adds a new level of excitement to this time-honored ritual. Jamie is optimistic and confident that she has what it takes to make history. "I am keeping my fingers crossed and hoping for the best possible outcome. Whether I break the record or not, I know that I gave it my all and had a great time doing it," she said. The world will be waiting eagerly to find out if Jamie will make it into the Guinness Book of World Records and become a legendary figure in the world of weddings.