article: (CNN) -- The last full day of the Mobile World Congress show in Barcelona has drawn to a close. After a bonanza of new phones, tablets and mobile gadgets, here's the last of what's new at this year's show, courtesy of Stuff Magazine. Quad-core arms race 'ridiculous' Microsoft Windows Phone Director Aaron Woodman has stated his belief that competition between manufacturers to produce phones with faster and faster quad-core processors is unnecessary. "The quad-core arms race is ridiculous," said Woodman. Instead, he explained how Windows Phone devices like the Nokia Lumia 800 are able to run fast without using battery-sucking quad-core innards. Microsoft has even gone as far as handing out â‚¬100 ($133) to anyone whose phone can beat a Windows Phone in a one-on-one user test during MWC. Microsoft releases Windows 8 preview . Microsoft announced the release of the consumer preview of its forthcoming Windows 8 operating system. The new software is designed to work on both computers and tablets, taking many design cues from its own Windows Phone 7 software. The company said it has made a staggering 100,000 code changes since the last preview. Early testers will be pleased to know that all apps in the Windows 8 app store are free to download during the preview. LG phone delayed by UK's lack of 4G . LG's recently revealed Optimus Vu smartphone, which sports a 5-inch screen with an unusual 4:3 aspect ratio, won't be seen in the United Kingdom for at least a year. The long wait is due to the UK's lack of a 4G or LTE network. Other countries such as the United States are already enjoying super-fast 4G mobile data speeds while the UK lags behind. Samsung previews projector phone . A prototype of the Samsung Galaxy Beam projector phone has been doing the rounds. The smartphone prototype runs on Google Android 2.3 and has a 15 lumens projector built into its top edge. Users can beam a 50-inch image on a blank wall or screen, perfect for showing off holiday snaps or giving impromptu presentations.
highlights: Microsoft executive calls quad-core processors unnecessary . Aaron Woodman says Nokia devices running Windows Phone are just as fast . Woodman has offered cash for anyone whose device can beat a Windows phone in a speed test .
id: 8a2a596809a18d610ce794983035997b614c1242
chatgpt: In the world of smartphones, there’s always a race to have the fastest and most powerful device available. But a Microsoft executive is challenging that notion, calling out the unnecessary use of quad-core processors. Aaron Woodman, a Microsoft VP who heads the consumer experiences division for Windows Phone, recently stated that Nokia devices running Windows Phone are just as fast as devices with quad-core processors. “Having a quad-core processor in a phone is pointless,” said Woodman. “It’s a waste of battery, and most importantly, it is not necessary for most consumers.” Woodman’s comments come as a surprise to many in the tech industry, as quad-core processors have been seen as a major selling point for high-end smartphones. However, Woodman argues that Windows Phone is optimized to work with dual-core processors, making the use of quad-core processors unnecessary. To prove his point, Woodman has offered $1000 to anyone whose device can beat a Windows phone in a speed test. While it’s unclear how many people have tried to claim this prize, Woodman’s confidence in the capabilities of Windows Phone has shown through. It’s worth noting, however, that not all smartphones are created equal. While a Windows phone may have an optimized operating system, other devices may not be able to handle the same level of performance on a dual-core processor. Nevertheless, Woodman’s statements have sparked a discussion about whether or not quad-core processors are truly necessary for smartphones. With the development of more efficient software, it’s possible that a shift towards less powerful processors could be a future trend in the smartphone industry. For now, consumers will have to decide for themselves whether or not quad-core processors are truly necessary. But one thing’s for certain: with experts like Aaron Woodman making bold claims, there’s sure to be plenty of debate around the topic for years to come.