article: A bizarre video has emerged from China of a game held in Shanghai where people compete to stay still and silent for the longest - the biggest prize being an iPhone 6. According to reports there were 282 participants involved the weekend before Christmas - sitting together without trying to move, laugh or leave for the bathroom. Half the contestants failed to hold for an hour while the winner, a young pre-school teacher called Ms Yan, made it to the end after three hours and six minutes. Nearly 300 people competed to win an iPhone 6 by trying to stay as still and silent as possible . Some believed the best way to win the competition was to close your eyes and drift off . The game reportedly first came from from South Korea; aiming to encourage the public to release the heavy pressure of living. It also took place in another three cities around the country. Locals and visitors alike descended on a Shanghai mall to try and win an iPhone 6 . Children joined in the game too alongside their parents in an attempt to win Apple's top software . China was expected to be one of the first countries to have the iPhone 6 launched in their country. However, despite 20 million online orders, Apple's hi-tech product wasn't launched until October 17. This led to those desperate to purchase the iPhone 6 to turn to the black market: a 128GB iPhone 6 could sell for upwards of £1,600 ($2,440), a mark-up of around £850 on the recommended retail price.
highlights: Contestants were not allowed to laugh or leave for the bathroom . Crowd assembled in Shanghai mall to try and win an iPhone 6 . Winner was pre-school teacher Ms Yan, who lasted 3 hours and 6 minutes .
id: 5710e98a5f9eb647fcbce65cb0e0450ecf46302c
chatgpt: Shanghai, China - A mall in Shanghai hosted an unusual competition on Saturday, promising contestants an iPhone 6 as a grand prize. However, the challenge was far from easy. Participants were banned from laughing or leaving for the bathroom for as long as they could endure. A crowd had gathered outside the mall, eager to participate or watch the spectacle. In total, around 500 people joined the competition. However, as time ticked away, silence prevailed as contestants struggled to resist the urge to laugh. Eventually, only a few remained. After 3 hours and 6 minutes, the winner was announced - a preschool teacher named Ms Yan. She was overjoyed as she hugged her new iPhone 6. "It was really hard, but I am so happy to have won," she said. The competition was designed to promote the new iPhone 6 through an innovative marketing strategy. While some may question the effectiveness of such tactics, it was clear that the event was a success. The mall was packed with people of all ages, many of whom stayed throughout the entire competition. The contestants got a chance to test their endurance and, in some cases, showcase their humorous abilities. While it's uncertain whether this type of competition will become a trend, the innovation of the marketing strategy alone made it a spectacle worth watching. As for Ms. Yan, she will forever have a story to tell about the time she won an iPhone 6 by simply not laughing or leaving for the bathroom.