article: San Francisco (CNN) -- Intel, which dominates the PC market but has struggled to break into smartphones, is getting a hand from Google. Upcoming versions of Android, the No. 1 smartphone operating system from Google, will be compatible with Intel processors, the companies announced at Intel's developer conference on Tuesday. "We want to make Intel architecture the platform of choice for smartphones," Intel CEO Paul Otellini said onstage. "Every time we have collaborated with Google, good things have come out of it." The partnership will aid Intel in delivering on its promise to finally release smartphones with its technologies by the middle of 2012. Google may benefit from accommodating a company that has significant influence in computers, which is the market Google is struggling to break into with its Chromebook project. The two companies already collaborate on that laptop operating system. "The partnership has been great," said Andy Rubin, Google's executive for mobile development, who took the stage at Intel's conference to announce the deal. In his keynote, Otellini touted Intel's Ultrabook concept, which the company has been reportedly nudging partners to embrace. The laptop concept facilitates very thin, light and affordable computers with batteries that can last for about a full day on a single charge. They look similar to Apple's MacBook Air, which uses Intel's Core processor. Otellini also discussed a new processor, slated for 2013, called Haswell. Devices with the chip can remain connected to the Internet in standby mode for 10 days before the battery depletes, he said. Haswell will be tailored to Ultrabooks and tablets running Windows 8, the new operating system Microsoft was showing at the same time at its own conference in Anaheim, California. "Computing means a lot more than just computers," Otellini said. "Just as computing has evolved, so too has Intel's architecture." Intel's recent focus on reducing energy consumption, thereby improving battery life, should bolster its efforts in smartphones, analysts say. The company is also working on more compact chips, which it is calling "3-D transistors" because of the unique way the microscopic parts are situated. Google and Intel did not say which chip will power upcoming Android phones or which manufacturers have agreed to make devices for it. Most smartphones and tablets use chips designed by ARM Holdings, which are popular for their efficiency. The next version of Android for phones and tablets, called Ice-Cream Sandwich, will debut next month or in November, Google has said.
highlights: Google will make future versions of Android for Intel chips . Android currently works with processors designed by ARM . Intel has struggled to break into the smartphone market .
id: e9d5f830accc5a81d2d17e57dcc159f0cdd22aa2
chatgpt: Google has announced that it will be creating future versions of Android to work on Intel chips. This marks a major shift for the company, as up until now Android has only been compatible with processors designed by ARM. The move is seen as a big win for Intel, which has struggled to break into the smartphone market. According to a statement released by Google, the company is excited to be working with Intel to bring the latest version of Android to the platform. This move will allow smartphones powered by Intel chips to access the vast array of apps and features that are available on the Android platform. It will also give consumers more choice when it comes to selecting their mobile devices. For Intel, the move is a major coup. The company has been trying to break into the smartphone market for years, but has had only limited success. By partnering with Google, Intel will be able to tap into the massive Android ecosystem, which includes over 2.5 million apps and a billion active users worldwide. The partnership between Google and Intel is also significant because it comes at a time when the smartphone market is becoming increasingly competitive. With the rise of Chinese smartphone brands like Huawei and Xiaomi, as well as established players like Samsung and Apple, the market is more crowded than ever before. In order to compete in this tough environment, companies need to be able to offer consumers the best possible user experience. By working with Intel, Google will be able to deliver a high-performance Android experience on devices powered by Intel chips. This will allow consumers to enjoy fast and responsive performance, as well as access to all the latest apps and features. While the move is a positive one for both companies, there are also potential challenges ahead. One major hurdle for Intel will be convincing smartphone manufacturers to adopt its chips. While the company is well-established in the PC market, it has struggled to gain a foothold in the smartphone industry. However, by partnering with Google, Intel may be able to overcome these obstacles and establish itself as a major player in the smartphone market. Overall, the partnership between Google and Intel is a significant development in the world of mobile technology. It marks a major shift for both companies and has the potential to reshape the smartphone market. With the latest version of Android set to be compatible with Intel chips, consumers can look forward to a wider selection of high-quality smartphone devices in the months and years ahead.