article: (CNN) -- Mercedes Formula One team is facing a million dollar question -- and it has decided to ask the audience. After another bruising on-track encounter between its drivers Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg at the Belgian Grand Prix, Mercedes is considering introducing team orders for the remaining seven races. The team's head of motorsport Toto Wolff described Sunday's lap two clash, which effectively ended Hamilton's race and Rosberg's chance of victory, as "unacceptable." "It has been our clear policy to let the drivers race this year but rule number one is: don't hit each other," Wolff told reporters in Spa. "To see that kind of contact, so early in the race, is an unacceptable level of risk to be taking out on track. "It cannot -- and will not -- happen again." To make sure it doesn't, Mercedes asked its half a million Twitter followers for advice on Thursday. "Team orders or free racing? There has been a lot of debate since Belgium -- this is a chance to have your say," it asked via Twitter. It then posted two options, one in favor of team orders and another in favor of free racing. Fans were asked to vote on the issue by either retweeting or marking their preferred option as a favorite. The team then announced the result of the vote after four hours of voting, revealing 92% of the audience wanted the drivers to be allowed to continue to race each other. Proving just how thorny the issue of team orders is in F1, Mercedes then asked: "To those who would prefer to see team orders implemented, how would you employ them? "To the 92% in favor of free racing, what sanctions would you impose for breaking the 'no contact' rule? Would you suspend a driver for a race and not maximize constructors' points? Perhaps you'd set the order at qualifying slots?" Rosberg and Hamilton are locked in an intense rivalry for the 2014 world title. The German is now 29 points -- more than a race win -- ahead of his English rival and former teenage friend. It seems when it comes to solving the problem at Mercedes there are no easy answers, even for the team itself.
highlights: Mercedes has asked its Twitter audience for advice on introducing team orders . At the Belgium GP, Nico Rosberg crashed into Mercedes teammate Lewis Hamilton . Mercedes head of motorsport Toto Wolff described the incident as "unacceptable" The team's Twitter audience voted in favor of allowing the drivers to continue to race .
id: f860da405b5aabaedc334c3a56741c30e49332a0
chatgpt: Mercedes, the German luxury car manufacturer, has been in the news lately for its decision to ask its Twitter audience for advice on introducing team orders. This comes after the dramatic crash between Mercedes teammates Nico Rosberg and Lewis Hamilton at the Belgium Grand Prix. The incident took place during the second lap of the race when Rosberg collided with Hamilton, ending his race prematurely. The incident was described as "unacceptable" by Mercedes' head of motorsport, Toto Wolff. In the aftermath of the incident, Mercedes posed the question to its Twitter followers, asking whether they thought the team should impose team orders and prevent the two drivers from racing against each other. The poll received an overwhelming response, with the majority of the audience in favor of allowing the drivers to continue to race. This move by Mercedes to involve its social media audience in such a critical decision has raised many eyebrows. While some have questioned the company's motive and ability to manage its team, others have applauded the company for its transparency and willingness to engage with its audience. The decision to allow the drivers to race each other has been met with mixed reactions. Some believe that it is the right decision and will help to maintain the competitive spirit of Formula One, while others feel that it may lead to further incidents and disrupt the harmony within the team. Mercedes is one of the most successful teams in the history of Formula One, having won numerous championships over the years. The rivalry between its two star drivers, Rosberg and Hamilton, has been a hot topic in the sport and has led to many intense battles on the track. Now, with the support of its social media audience, Mercedes has decided to allow the two drivers to continue their rivalry and race each other. It remains to be seen how this decision will affect the dynamics within the team and whether it will lead to more exciting racing or further incidents. In conclusion, Mercedes' decision to involve its social media audience in such a critical decision has stirred up a lot of interest and debate. While the majority of the audience may have voted in favor of allowing the drivers to continue to race each other, only time will tell whether this decision will prove to be the right one for the team.