article: A 75-year-old man who was sentenced to death for killing his wife in a 1992 shooting rampage at the St. Louis County Courthouse has died in prison, the Missouri Department of Corrections said Monday. Kenneth Baumruk died late Friday at the Potosi Correctional Center in Mineral Point of apparent natural causes, the agency said. He was the oldest inmate on Missouri's death row. Baumruk pulled two handguns from a briefcase and opened fire in the Clayton courthouse on May 5, 1992, killing his wife, Mary, as their divorce hearing was about to begin. He also wounded both of their lawyers, a bailiff and a security guard, and fired at a judge and police officers but missed. Killer: FILE:  Kenneth Baumruk, seen in this 2010 file photo, died in prison on Friday. Baumrok killed his wife and injured four others at the St. Louis County Courthouse in 1992 . Police returned fire and struck Baumruk nine times, including twice in the head. Authorities said he had carried the .38-caliber handguns in his luggage on a flight from a Seattle, where he was living. Baumruk initially was ruled incompetent for trial partly because of head injuries suffered when he was shot by police. He was eventually found guilty and sentenced to die in 2001, but the case was thrown out by the Missouri Supreme Court. Sentenced: Kenneth Baumruk was sentenced to death in a 2001 trial as well as a 2007 retrial . A 2007 retrial held ended with Baumruk convicted of first-degree murder and again sentenced to die. The jury ignored pleas from Baumruk's lawyers to find him not guilty by reason of what they called a delusional disorder that left him incapable of appreciating the error of his actions. Baumruk was weeks away from execution in 2009, but the lethal injection was postponed by appeals. The state Supreme Court upheld his conviction in 2012, letting stand lower court rulings that denied his claims of ineffective work by his lawyers. A new execution date had not been set.
highlights: Kenneth Baumruk, 75, died last Friday at the Potosi Correctional Center in Mineral Point of apparent natural causes . Baumruk pulled two handguns from a briefcase and opened fire in a  courthouse on May 5, 1992 . He killed his wife, Mary, as their divorce hearing was about to begin . Baumruk also wounded both of their lawyers, a bailiff and a security guard, and fired at a judge and police officers but missed .
id: 7108594de7397e5a22d4456ebc72920cbae45b66
chatgpt: Kenneth Baumruk, a convicted murderer who gained notoriety for a shooting spree at a Missouri courthouse nearly three decades ago, has died at the age of 75. Baumruk passed away last Friday at the Potosi Correctional Center in Mineral Point of apparent natural causes. Baumruk's name entered the national spotlight on May 5, 1992, when he pulled out two handguns from a briefcase and opened fire inside a courthouse in Missouri. The shooting occurred during a divorce hearing for Baumruk and his wife, Mary. Tragically, Mary was killed in the attack, while both of their lawyers, a bailiff, and a security guard were wounded. Baumruk also fired at a judge and police officers, but he missed. Baumruk's actions that day left the community shaken and prompted a nationwide discussion on workplace violence prevention measures. The incident was also a wake-up call to law enforcement officials who were reminded of the dangers present in seemingly routine courthouse hearings. Following his arrest, Baumruk was charged with murder and sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole. In interviews, Baumruk claimed he was suffering from a mental breakdown when he committed the shooting. The recent news of Baumruk's death has sparked renewed interest in the case, with many questioning whether his death should close the book on a painful chapter in the community's history. Some are calling for a deeper examination into his motives and possible warning signs. Regardless, Baumruk's passing marks the end of a life defined by violence and tragedy. His victims, both those who were injured and those who lost their lives, will be remembered and mourned by their loved ones. For Baumruk, his death marks the end of a life cut short by a heinous act that will forever be etched in the annals of Missouri history.