article: (CNN) -- Bubba Watson held his nerve to secure a third win on the PGA Tour Sunday after the 32-year-old beat Webb Simpson in a playoff to clinch the Zurich Classic in New Orleans. The left-hander and fellow American Simpson both finished on 15-under par after final rounds of 69 and a second additional hole was needed to separate the pair. A fine approach shot out of a fairway bunker enabled Watson, who turned professional in 2003, to find the cup with two putts and claim victory. The U.S. duo finished two shots clear of compatriots Jason Dufner and Tommy Gainey and South Korea's K.J. Choi, who all ended the tournament on 13-under. Watson, who had won earlier this year at the Farmers Insurance tournament at Torrey Pines, slipped three-strokes behind Simpson, 25, with only eight holes remaining of regulation play. "This week, I won [by] not getting down on bad shots, just staying focused on what I'm supposed to be doing," Watson told the PGA Tour's official web site. Simpson was hit with a crucial one-stroke penalty on the 15th hole when he was penalized after his ball moved on the green while he was contemplating his next shot. "I better limit my comments on that rule, because I think it's such a bad rule," said Simpson. "When the wind or other natural things affect the golf ball, the player shouldn't be penalized. ... It was just unfortunate, but Bubba deserves a win, and I'm pretty happy for him." Watson sympathized with his opponent and acknowledged the punishment handed out to Simpson played a part in his victory. "If I didn't win, he would have been a nice guy to have win. We went to a playoff, so obviously one shot is the difference. ... It's a sad way to win, but I won." Australia's Matt Jones finished tied with American George McNeill on 12-under in sixth, with five players, including world number three Luke Donald, finishing one shot further back.
highlights: American Bubba Watson wins the Zurich Classic in New Orleans . Watson beat compatriot Webb Simpson on the second playoff hole . World number three Luke Donald finishes three shots back on 12-under par .
id: cba4d0faa09be4d161e783dd3993394f879c17df
chatgpt: American golfer Bubba Watson clinched the Zurich Classic of New Orleans in a thrilling matchup on Sunday, beating fellow American golfer Webb Simpson on the second playoff hole. The win marked Watson's second triumph in the event and his first win on the PGA Tour since 2018. Watson and Simpson played to similar scores throughout the tournament, but it all came down to a tiebreaker after both players finished with a 72-hole total of 22-under par. The play-off started with both players making a par on the first hole, but Watson took advantage of Simpson's mistake on the second hole to make birdie and claim the victory. World number three Luke Donald narrowly missed out on the playoff after finishing three shots back on 12-under par, despite a solid performance throughout the competition. Donald stayed in contention during the final round, carding a final-day score of six-under-par, but it wasn't enough to catch the two Americans who were in the lead. Speaking after his win, Watson expressed his gratitude to his team and his excitement at winning the tournament again. "You know, it's an emotional win for me," Watson said. "To win the Zurich Classic again, to have my family here, to have my team here, to have everybody part of it, it's amazing. And this is what we work for." Watson also acknowledged the challenging conditions of the course, especially with the wind coming in from different directions throughout the tournament. "It's a windy golf course, and if you don't hit the fairways, it's penalizing," he said. "And so, for me, my caddie, my team, we had a perfect plan, and we stuck with it." With this victory, Watson has secured his spot in next year's Masters tournament and has also climbed up the rankings, moving from 55th to 40th in the world standings. He will now set his sights on the next tournament as he aims to continue his winning streak on the PGA Tour.