article: Ex-footballer Stan Collymore says he has been dropped as a pundit by BT Sport. The former Liverpool and England striker tweeted: 'Just had a call from @btsportfootball. I'm taken off tomorrow's show. Absolutely fine. Better to be right than bury my head. Enjoy! 'I can hold my head high and say i did the right thing to challenge hypocrisy amongst Rangers fans. BT show £RFC games, so inevitable.' Former Liverpool striker Stan Collymore has been dropped as a pundit by BT Sport . The outspoken broadcaster had called for Rangers to be pulled off the television if their fans continue to sing sectarian songs. After announcing the news on the internet, Collymore became locked in a fiery online exchange with some sports fans, many of whom brought up his own history of domestic violence. It had been triggered after Collymore backed a petition which said: 'Boycott sponsors Sectarian chanting is illegal. Demeaning.' He urged his online followers to show their support and said if they signed the petition, he would 'take it to every sponsor and tv/radio station i know.' Collymore had called for Rangers games to stop being broadcast as long as fans used sectarian chants . Collymore hit back at his critics and wrote: 'All @btsportfootball have done tonight is empower right wing mob rule. Nothing else. 8 friends and i have cancelled already. Hypocrisy.' He also wrote: 'You can get sectarian, racist, threats from Rangers fans but can't tell truths. Censorship & fascism alive and well in 2015 Britain.' A BT Sport spokesman said: 'BT Sport does not agree with any form of racism and believes that it should not be tolerated in Sport. It is a subject which should be tackled and discussed in the correct manner. 'We did not agree with the nature of the debate on twitter, and which BT Sport was brought into without prior agreement. BT Sport will raise and discuss the issue within its programming when relevant and in an appropriate manner.' Collymore's career included spells with Southend, Nottingham Forest, Aston Villa and Liverpool .
highlights: Stan Collymore has been removed as a pundit by BT Sport . He had become embroiled in a Twitter dispute with Rangers fans . Collymore criticised supporters for their use of sectarian chants .
id: c84a9d77d5fe390cbe0159ae1ec05a8e04f086cf
chatgpt: Former England footballer and BT Sport pundit Stan Collymore has been removed from his role at the sports broadcaster following a dispute on Twitter with Rangers fans. Collymore, who had been working as a pundit for BT Sport, criticised Rangers supporters for their use of sectarian chants during the team’s match against Celtic earlier in the month. His comments sparked a heated exchange on social media between Collymore and offended Rangers fans. BT Sport has now confirmed that the former football star will no longer be working for the broadcaster. In a statement, the company said that Collymore’s comments were “inappropriate” and did not meet the broadcaster’s standards. “BT Sport does not condone any form of derogatory or offensive language, whether it is directed towards an individual or group of people. We take such comments very seriously and have therefore decided to remove Mr. Collymore from his position as a pundit with immediate effect,” the company said. Collymore has since released a statement apologising for his comments. “I would like to apologise to all Rangers fans if my comments caused offence, that was not my intention. I believe that everyone should be able to enjoy football, regardless of their background or religion, and I’m sorry if I’ve let people down,” he said. The former Liverpool striker has a history of controversy, having spoken out on issues such as racism and mental health in football. He has also been involved in high-profile disputes on social media, including one with singer Lily Allen in 2016. The incident has sparked a wider conversation about sectarianism in Scottish football, with some calling for stronger action to be taken against those who use offensive language at matches. Last year, former Rangers striker Nacho Novo revealed that he had received death threats from Celtic fans due to his association with the Ibrox club. In response to the latest controversy, the Scottish Professional Football League said that it was committed to combating sectarianism in the sport. “We take any allegations of sectarianism very seriously and will work with our clubs and other stakeholders to ensure that it has no place in Scottish football,” a spokesperson said.