article: (CNN) -- Italy striker Mario Balotelli has condemned racist abuse from his country's own supporters during Wednesday night's international friendly against Romania in Austria. The 20-year-old, who was born in Brescia but has Ghanaian parents, was targeted by a small group of people who raised banners with slogans including "No to a multi-ethnic national team," the Reuters website reported. Balotelli, who is in his first season at English club Manchester City, played for an hour of the 1-1 draw in Klagenfurt before being substituted. "Honestly, I don't know what to say. If I have to hear those chants every time, you can't go forward like that," he told Italian television channel Mediaset. "I am happy to be in the national team. It wouldn't be right to stop a game because a few fans that turn up to the stadium behave like that. "We need to change these people, but it's not me that has to do it. Where I live, the people don't reason like these people. A multi-ethnic Italy already exists and we can do better." Balotelli said he had tried to ignore the insults while on the pitch. "I've learnt that it's better to pretend that nothing is happening. Thankfully I don't know the people who insult me -- what hurts more are the insults of those who know and love you," he said in quotes carried by AFP. "This time I was good, that way no-one can accuse me of having provoked them, so you can be the judges -- but I will stay angry and bitter." Italy coach Cesar Prandelli backed the player to shrug off the abuse, having experienced it since he began his career in Serie A with Inter Milan. "I feel disappointment and anger. We always hear these chants and something has to be done about it," he told reporters after the match. "We feel helpless. He has the support of everyone. His performance was optimum. He has done really well. It's a pity in the first half we didn't have much depth." Italian Football Federation president Giancarlo Abete added: "This is something that must be condemned. This is unacceptable behavior." Meanwhile, Balotelli denied reports claiming that he was set for an early return to Italy to play with Inter's arch-rivals AC Milan despite being seen having dinner with the club's vice-president Adriano Galliani on Sunday. "The likelihood is that I will be at City up to June. I have a five-year contract and I can't say anything," he told Mediaset. "It's true that I had supper with Galliani after the [Milan] derby. But had I eaten with [Inter president Massimo] Moratti, the media would have said that I was going to Inter."
highlights: Mario Balotelli "bitter and angry" after being racially abused by Italy supporters . Right-wing fans fly banners saying Italy should not have multi-ethnic national team . Balotelli played for an hour against Romania in Klagenfurt before being taken off . National coach Cesar Prandelli supports the 20-year-old and condemns the abuse .
id: e2b9aca07234479c1f328d1405520ca0dc8166b3
chatgpt: Italy's Euro 2012 preparations have been overshadowed by racism once again, this time with striker Mario Balotelli being subjected to vile abuse by a section of Italy supporters during their friendly match against Romania.  The 20-year-old, who himself has been a victim of racist abuse in the past, was visibly upset and angry during the match and afterwards had to be calmed down by his teammates. Balotelli played for an hour before being taken off, and reports suggest that he was targeted with racist chants throughout the match. Right-wing fans were also seen flying banners in the stadium, which read "no to a multi-ethnic national team". The incident has been widely condemned, with many calling for action to be taken against those responsible for the abuse. National coach Cesare Prandelli has since come out in support of Balotelli and condemned the abuse he received. Speaking after the match, Prandelli said, "I spoke to Mario and he is very bitter and angry about what happened. We must accept that he is different and we must help him. He is a young man with many qualities and he does not deserve this treatment." This is not the first time that racism has reared its ugly head in Italian football. Earlier this year, AC Milan midfielder Kevin-Prince Boateng walked off the pitch during a friendly match against Pro Patria after being subjected to racist abuse by a section of the crowd. The incident led to widespread condemnation and prompted the Italian Football Federation (FIGC) to take tougher action against racism in the sport. The FIGC has also launched an anti-racism campaign, which aims to promote diversity, tolerance and respect in football. However, many believe that more needs to be done to tackle the issue of racism in Italian football. The incident involving Balotelli is just the latest in a series of high-profile cases, and many feel that action needs to be taken at all levels of the game to stamp out racism once and for all. For his part, Balotelli has been praised for his response to the abuse. Despite being visibly upset during the match, he continued to play and later took to social media to thank his fans for their support. "I'm grateful for all the support I've received from true fans," he wrote on Instagram. "I want to say thank you to everyone who has stood by me in this difficult moment." The incident has once again highlighted the need for greater action to be taken to tackle racism in football. With the Euro 2012 tournament fast approaching, the focus is now on the Italian authorities to ensure that the tournament is not marred by further incidents of this kind.