article: Coral Gables, Florida (CNN) -- World War II U.S. Navy veteran Tony Snetro doesn't need any help running around the bases. At 93 years of age, he's the oldest member on the "Young Viejos" softball team, as well as one of the originals. He was there when the league for players 65 years and older started more than a decade ago in Coral Gables, Florida. "Little by little, as it built up, we had enough men to make two teams," says Snetro. With an average age of close to 80, they're not as fast as they once were. In fact, a few can't even make it out of the batter's box. Some players use a pinch runner once they finally make contact with the ball. One of those players is the starting catcher, Augustin Gonzalez. Bending down is a major challenge for the second-oldest player on the team, and running to first base is certainly out of the question. Still, the 88-year-old backstop shows up for games every Tuesday and Thursday, slowly taking his position behind the plate while his teammates cheer him on. "If a miracle exists, this is a miracle, because to have people here 80 and 90 years old playing ball, I think that's remarkable," says 81-year-old Manny Alvarez. Alvarez had a close call five years ago, suffering a heart attack while playing in the outfield. With two stents in his artery, three months later he was back on the diamond, taking his regular position. Nothing was going to keep him from rejoining his pals. "We are all blessed," Alvarez says quietly. Juan Montes fondly recalls playing alongside former Major Leaguer Cookie Rojas when they were teenagers in Havana, Cuba. Montes' father would tell him that only Rojas had the desire to be a baseball player. "You don't have that hunger," the elder Montes would tell his son. "Besides, you're too heavy." The team's name is a mix of English and Spanish and means young old men. Montes, 74, says it's older players like Snetro who inspire him now. "Tony is a symbol for us to come here," Montes says, adding, "Why should I stay home in bed while there are guys out there?" That's Snetro's message as well. "If you feel good, don't just sit in a rocking chair," he says. "Get up and move around! You'd be surprised, by doing this your mind stays sharper." Snetro's secret to his everlasting youth? "I eat hot peppers," he proudly states. "Almost every day since I was a kid raised in Connecticut." The question now is how much longer Snetro can play. "The good lord knows that number," he says with a smile. "I don't know it. It's up to him." As he points to the sky, he says, "Who knows, maybe another year or two." Snetro looks around the field and jokingly says, "I gotta play until I'm 100 years old."
highlights: 88-year-old outfielder for "Young Viejos" says it's a miracle his team can still play . Tony Snetro, 93, says he plans to play until he's 100 years old . They have gathered enough men to make up two teams . Some players use a pinch runner once they make contact with the ball .
id: c617a2e8af8d3929e4b8a45a142e0952fb5210b4
chatgpt: Despite their age, the "Young Viejos" baseball team proves that age is just a number. At 88 years old, outfielder Tony Snetro believes it's a miracle they can still hit the ball after all these years on the diamond. But that's not stopping him from continuing to play baseball for this team of senior citizens. In fact, Snetro, who is now 93, plans to play until he's 100. The team is made up of men who are no longer spring chickens, but they don't let that stop them from playing the game they love. They've gathered enough men to make up two teams, and they go head-to-head on a regular basis. While some players can still run to first base and even hit a home run, others use a pinch runner once they make contact with the ball. Despite their limitations, the team's members all have one thing in common: the love of the game. They relish the chance to get out on the field and show that they've still got it. And while they may not be hitting as hard or running as fast as they used to, they don't see that as a hindrance. When asked about his love of the game, Snetro was quick to respond: "Baseball has always been a part of my life. It's something that I've always enjoyed, and I feel lucky to still be able to play it at my age." The team doesn't take their passion for baseball lightly, and they work hard to maintain their fitness so that they can continue playing. They believe that keeping active and healthy is the key to their longevity, and it seems to be working for them. Playing baseball may not be the most conventional way for senior citizens to stay active, but it certainly seems to be working for this group of players. They may not be playing professionally or earning millions of dollars, but they're having fun and staying fit, which is what really matters. In a world where ageism is rampant and many people overlook the contributions and capabilities of senior citizens, the Young Viejos baseball team serves as a reminder that there's still plenty of life left in people who are past their prime. As the team continues to play and inspire others, they show that it's never too late to pursue your passions and live life to the fullest, no matter what your age. And for Tony Snetro, the goal is clear: to keep playing baseball until he's 100 years old, and maybe even beyond.