article: David Jones is considering starting its Boxing Day sales one week early to boost sales in a move that could force rival Myer to follow suit. A source in the retail industry said the department store was preparing sale stock to put in stores ahead of Christmas due to slow sales in the past few weeks, the Sydney Morning Herald reported. This comes as New South Wales Planning Minister Pru Goward has taken the step of allowing shops in business districts in the CBD, Bondi Junction and western suburbs to stay open 24/7 until Christmas in order to help retailers pick up their sales. David Jones is considering starting its Boxing Day sales one week early to boost sales . A Lego Christmas tree in Pitt Street in the Sydney CBD, where shops are allowed to open 24/7 until Christmas . Both David Jones and Myer are already offering deals on certain items, with David Jones currently offering 20 per cent off a range of home appliances, 40 per cent off Christmas wrapping and dinnerware, and other discounts on items including TVs, books, kitchenware and linen. Myer is holding a 'Super Weekend' this weekend with discounts on electrical appliances, homewares and clothing. This also comes after consumer sentiment hit a three-year low this December, down 5.7 percent from 96.6 in November to 91.1 in December. Westpac chief economist Bill Evans said this was a 'very disturbing result'. 'This is a particularly awkward time for respondents to feel so downbeat about purchasing major items given that it comes in the critical lead up weeks to Christmas,' Mr Evans said. Myer is expected to follow suit if David Jones starts its clearance sales early, industry sources say . This also comes consumer sentiment hit a three-year low this December . Commonwealth Bank economist Diana Mousina said this was in line with analysis they had done about Christmas shopping, which showed spending during the festive season would be down from $18.4 billion in 2013 to $17.8 billion in 2014. The bank's National Consumer Expenditure survey showed shoppers would spend $300 million less on Christmas gifts and $100 million less on Boxing Day sales this year. 'Based on anecdotes from retailers, and just compared to a year ago and on usual Christmas sales it's just not happening as much as they would like,' Ms Mousina said. 'It's an issue of competition in the market, there are a lot of new entrants into clothing and footwear retail at the moment. '[Stores] are just thinking of strategies to mitigate that.' Daily Mail Australia has contacted David Jones and Myer for comment. Westpac chief economist Bill Evans said the fall in consumer sentiment was a 'very disturbing result'
highlights: Department stores consider starting clearance sales early this year . This comes as the NSW government has taken the step of allowing shops in business districts  to stay open 24/7 to help boost sales . Consumer sentiment hit a three-year low this December, down 5.7 percent .
id: 9fc1fe6c8c87e2275cc30c0a9a81985621ac0aa6
chatgpt: Department stores across the state of New South Wales are considering starting clearance sales early this year in order to attract customers and increase sales. This decision comes after the NSW government announced that shops in business districts will be allowed to stay open 24/7 to help boost sales. With consumer sentiment hitting a three-year low this December, down 5.7 percent, retailers are feeling the pressure to find new ways to entice customers through their doors. The extended trading hours will allow shoppers to have more flexibility in when they can shop, making it easier for those with busy schedules to find the time to visit their favorite stores. Department stores, in particular, are hoping to take advantage of the new trading hours by starting clearance sales early. By doing so, they hope to attract bargain-hunting shoppers who are keen to take advantage of discounted prices. This would not only help to increase foot traffic, but also boost sales figures for the stores. Some department stores have already started advertising their clearance sales, with discounts of up to 50 percent being offered on various items. Shoppers can expect to find a range of products on sale, including clothing, homeware, electronics, and more. According to a spokesperson for one department store, "Our clearance sale is a great opportunity for customers to find some amazing bargains. With our extended trading hours, they'll be able to shop whenever it's most convenient for them, whether that's during the day, in the evening, or even late at night." The decision to allow shops in business districts to stay open 24/7 has been well-received by retailers, who are hoping that it will help to boost sales during what is typically a slow period in the shopping calendar. The extended trading hours are set to continue until January 31st, giving shoppers plenty of time to take advantage of the new opportunities to shop. Overall, the early clearance sales and extended trading hours are a promising sign for retailers in New South Wales. With consumer sentiment at a three-year low, it's clear that something needs to be done to encourage shoppers to spend more. With the combination of discounted prices, convenient trading hours, and a wide range of products on offer, department stores are hoping that shoppers will be enticed to spend more this holiday season.