article: By . Kate Lyons . Federal treasurer Joe Hockey believed the May budget, which delivered huge cuts to welfare and education, was 'too soft' and he campaigned to make it even tougher. Sources inside the budget meetings claimed that Mr Hockey pushed for tougher budget measures during meetings, but was stymied by Prime Minister Tony Abbott who wanted to adopt a 'more cautious' approach. The revelations have come from a new biography of Joe Hockey, released today, Hockey: Not Your Average Joe, written by Fairfax and ABC journalist Madonna King with the cooperation of Mr Hockey. Scroll down for video . Joe Hockey wanted the government's budget to be even tougher than it was, according to a new biography of the treasurer released today . A source told Ms King: '[The budget] wasn't as tough as Joe would have liked but a good compromise. Maybe it's tougher than the Prime Minister would do if Joe wasn't there to drive it,' the Sydney Morning Herald reported. King wrote: 'In reality, the budget was much softer than Joe would have liked. He wanted changes to pensions made earlier and the deficit levy to net more taxpayers … But Abbott, who chaired each of the expenditure review committee meetings, was taking a much more cautious approach than his Treasurer, no doubt with one eye firmly on the reaction of voters.' At the moment a two percent deficit levy applies to people with incomes over $180,000, but the book claims the government considered imposing the deficit levy on incomes more than $80,000. Sources inside the budget meetings said Joe Hockey pushed Tony Abbott toward tougher budget measures . Joe Hockey is revealed in the book as Tony Abbott's likely successor, with the prime minister's chief of staff Peta Credlin telling Ms King that the treasurer has 'got his head above every other contender', the Sydney Morning Herald reported. Do you think the federal budget was tough enough? The May budget, which contained a raft of unpopular measures, including a proposed Medicare co-payment, raising the retirement age, and the deregulation of university fees, is widely considered responsible for the dramatic slump in popularity of Mr Abbott and his government. A Newspoll published by The Australian earlier this month found that Bill Shorten had a 10-point lead on Tony Abbott as preferred prime minister, with 44 percent  saying they would rather the Labor leader was in charge, compared to only 34 percent preferring Mr Abbott. The poll also showed that if the election were held today Labor would win, with the ALP scoring 55 percent of the two-party-preferred vote, compared to 45 percent for the Coalition, almost a complete reversal of the election results last September. The revelations came from a biography of Joe Hockey written by Fairfax and ABC journalist Madonna King .
highlights: Joe Hockey campaigned to extend the deficit levy to more people . Revelations come from new authorised biography of the treasurer . May budget is responsible for dramatic slump in government popularity .
id: 88986f4415ee4a0ae1ab0af7b3227bec90652071
chatgpt: In the new authorized biography of the Treasurer, Joe Hockey is revealed to have campaigned fiercely for the extension of the deficit levy to more people. The levy, which was introduced in 2014 on those earning over $180,000 a year, was set to expire in 2017. However, Hockey pushed for its continuation and expansion to cover those earning over $80,000 a year, a move that was met with widespread criticism. Hockey defended his proposal by saying that it was necessary to address the country's budget deficit and bring it back to surplus. However, the move was seen by many as a broken promise by the Coalition government, which had promised not to raise taxes. The revelations in the biography come at a difficult time for the Coalition government, which is facing a dramatic slump in popularity in the lead-up to the May budget. The government's popularity has taken a hit in recent months due to a number of controversial policies, including proposed changes to university funding and welfare payments. The May budget is expected to include further cuts to government spending and changes to the tax system. However, the government is also under pressure to address concerns about rising inequality and the growing divide between rich and poor in Australia. The Treasurer has defended his government's approach to the budget, saying that tough decisions need to be made in order to address the country's economic challenges. However, the opposition has accused the government of being out of touch with the needs of ordinary Australians, and of prioritizing the interests of big business over those of ordinary workers and families. Despite the recent slump in popularity, Hockey has remained confident about the government's chances at the next election. He has said that the government is committed to delivering a budget that is fair and sustainable, and that will put the country on the path to long-term economic growth. However, many Australians remain sceptical about the government's ability to deliver on its promises. As the election draws nearer, there is growing concern about the future direction of the country and the role that government should play in addressing the challenges that lie ahead. For Joe Hockey, the revelations in the new biography confirm his status as a controversial and divisive figure in Australian politics. While he has been praised for his efforts to address the budget deficit, he has also been criticized for his approach to taxation and his seeming lack of empathy for those who are struggling to make ends meet. As the government prepares to unveil its latest budget, all eyes will be on Joe Hockey and his colleagues to see whether they can deliver a plan that will satisfy the demands of both the economy and the people. Whether they succeed or fail, the future of the country will be shaped by the decisions they make in the coming months and years.