article: A body has been found in the search for a missing teenager who got into trouble in a river yesterday. Jordan Roberts, 17, got into difficulties after entering the River Wear near Finchale Abbey, County Durham, at around 5pm. After a huge search was launched to find him last night, police this morning confirmed they have found a body. Relatives of Jordan were seen at the scene today and were taken down to the riverside by officers. Scroll down for video . Police searching for teenager Jordan Roberts (left) near the River Wear say they have found a body . Police search and rescue teams have been scouring the area and river around Finchale Abbey, County Durham . Undertakers, dressed in black suits, arrived at the scene this morning. The body is yet to be formally identified. Superintendent Andy Huddleston, of Durham Constabulary, said: 'Jordan's family have been informed of the development and we are continuing to support them through this difficult time.' Jordan was playing with three friends next to the river Wear when the alarm was raised shortly after 5pm. Three of the teenagers had entered the water and got into difficulty. One was pulled out and was given life saving CPR on the river bank before being taken to hospital, where his condition is described as poorly but stable. Jordan, from Sunderland, Tyne and Wear, remained unaccounted for this morning and emergency teams were continuing the search for him after suspending the operation at 8.30pm last night. A police helicopter, a search and rescue team and fire crews trained in water search were involved in the operation, as well as a police dog section and an underwater diving team. The area surrounding the scene had been cordoned off by police, including a number of roads. A team of divers were brought in, as well as fire crews trained in water search and a police dog unit . The area around the Abbey has been cordoned off by officers in charge, who are supporting Jordan's family .
highlights: Jordan Roberts was last seen playing with friends near the River Wear . Alarm was raised after he entered the water at around 5pm yesterday . Rescue teams, including divers and a helicopter, were involved in search . Police confirmed this morning that they have found a body .
id: f917f1c56c4fbe980d952b3f644c19cec3309936
chatgpt: Tragedy struck the community of Sunderland yesterday, as a search for a missing boy ended in the discovery of a body. Jordan Roberts, a young boy who was last seen playing with friends near the River Wear on Wednesday, had entered the water at around 5 pm. When he failed to return, an alarm was raised and rescue teams were called to the scene. The rescue operation involved divers, a helicopter, and a team of police officers, who searched the area tirelessly throughout the night. A spokesperson for the Northumbria Police described the search as "intensive" and thanked members of the public who had assisted with the operation. Sadly, this morning the police confirmed that they had found Jordan's body. In a statement released to the media, Inspector Phil Baker of the Northumbria Police said, "Our hearts go out to Jordan's family and friends at this unimaginably difficult time. We had hoped for a different outcome, but unfortunately, the search has ended in tragedy." According to witnesses, Jordan had been playing with his friends on the banks of the river when he waded into the water. The current had been particularly strong at the time due to recent heavy rains, and within moments Jordan was swept away. The tragic end to this story has left the community in shock and mourning. Tributes have begun to pour in for the young boy, with friends, family, and strangers alike expressing their condolences and grief on social media. The Northumbria Police are now investigating the circumstances surrounding Jordan's death, but at this time they do not suspect foul play. Inspector Baker has urged anyone who may have information about the incident to come forward and assist with the investigation. As the community comes to terms with this sudden and devastating loss, experts are warning parents to be extra vigilant when their children are near bodies of water. Jordan's death is a tragic reminder of the dangers that can exist even in seemingly calm and harmless bodies of water, and it serves as a warning to all.