article: By . Joe Strange . Follow @@Joe_Strange . Teddy Sheringham has arrived at West Ham's training ground to begin his new role as the club's attacking coach ahead of next season. The former Hammers striker was offered the job in May after owners David Gold and David Sullivan created a list of goals for manager Sam Allardyce to achieve following a disappointing season. One of those targets is for the club to play more attractive, attacking football - something Sheringham will work on alongside the former Bolton and Newcastle boss. Ready for action: Teddy Sheringham arrives at West Ham's training ground to begin his role as attacking coach . Claret and blue: Sheringham shows off the Hammers' new home shirt at their Chadwell Heath training base . Warm welcome: West Ham boss Sam Allardyce (left) poses with his new coach Sheringham (right) Experienced: Sheringham, pictured here celebrating a goal against Middlesbrough in 2005, netted 30 times during his two years at West Ham . The 48-year-old, who has joined on a . part-time basis, scored 30 goals for the east London club during a . two-year spell at Upton Park between 2001 and 2003. He will work with strikers Andy Carroll and Carlton Cole - and any summer signings Allardyce makes - to try and ensure the club hit the back of the net more regularly next term. The Hammers managed just 40 Premier League goals last season, the joint-sixth lowest total in the entire division. Speaking after his appointment in May, the former England striker told whufc.com: 'I'm very excited. Sam (Allardyce) phoned me a week or so ago and asked me if I fancied it. It was far too good to resist really. 'Being a West Ham boy and coming from the area, it fits nicely in all that I'm about, what with working alongside Sam and knowing a few of the players as well. Room for improvement: Sheringham will aim to get more out of club record signing Andy Carroll next season . Deadly duo? Ravel Morrison (left) and Carlton Cole (right) will be expected to contribute goals next term . Fresh start: Morrison is looking to cement a place in Allardyce's team after spending time on loan at QPR . Warming up: West Ham stars including Stewart Downing (right), Morrison (centre) and Jarvis (left) train . 'They've got a lot of respect for Sam, they speak very highly of him and to know that's the case made me want to get involved. 'Having played as a striker for years, Sam wants me to add something along those lines. Anything I can do to be of help, I'm very willing. 'I obviously know (Andy) Carroll, (Carlton) Cole and Kevin Nolan and I understand there'll be a few more forward players that I could be working with and alongside to help improve.' West Ham begin their Premier League campaign at home to London rivals Tottenham.
highlights: West Ham squad have returned for pre-season training after their break . The Hammers have also revealed their new home kit for next season . New attacking coach Sheringham arrives for first day at work . Manager Sam Allardyce is under pressure after a disappointing season . Andy Carroll, Kevin Nolan and Ravel Morrison all back in action .
id: 2a8b4f3f09e84610bb6e22dbc3b8b5eaa1b02588
chatgpt: West Ham United's squad has made their return for pre-season training after a well-deserved break. The Hammers are gearing up for an exciting season ahead and have unveiled their brand new home kit for the upcoming campaign.  The London-based club's loyal supporters will be pleased to see that the club has maintained the iconic claret and blue colors for the new kit, which features "crossed hammers" along the chest. The new kit, manufactured by Umbro, is now available for purchase both online and in-store.  New attacking coach, Teddy Sheringham, has also arrived at the club for his first day at work. The former Tottenham and Manchester United striker has been brought in by Manager Sam Allardyce to help the club improve their attacking prowess. Sheringham's invaluable experience as both a player and a coach will undoubtedly be a boost for the Hammers this season.  Manager Sam Allardyce is under immense pressure after a disappointing season last year. The Hammers, despite finishing 13th in the Premier League, struggled for consistency all season and were often criticized for their negative playing style. This season is a make or break for Allardyce, who will be looking to prove that he is the man to lead West Ham United forward.  In addition to Teddy Sheringham's arrival, West Ham fans will be delighted to hear that Andy Carroll, Kevin Nolan, and Ravel Morrison have all returned to action. Carroll, who has been plagued by injury troubles, is eager to silence his critics once and for all; while Nolan and Morrison will be looking to make an impact and secure their place in the starting eleven.  With the new kit and the arrivals of Teddy Sheringham and key players, West Ham United fans will have high expectations for the upcoming season. The fans are eager to see their team play attractive, attacking football and secure a higher finish in the Premier League table.  West Ham United Chairman, David Gold, has said that the club is committed to ensuring that the team reaches its full potential this season, "We have made some promising signings and Teddy Sheringham's appointment as attacking coach is a clear indication of our desire to play more attacking football. We believe that we have the right blend of youth and experience in our squad and that under the guidance of Sam Allardyce, the team can achieve great things this season".  The Hammers have a lot of work to do in the coming weeks as they prepare for what promises to be an exciting season ahead. With the support of their loyal fans and the addition of Teddy Sheringham to their coaching staff, West Ham United will be looking to turn their fortunes around and secure a higher finish in the Premier League table. The new kit has been unveiled, the players are back in action, and the stage is set for an exciting season at West Ham United.