article: Sergey Kovalev will be left with only a quarter of his purse from his emphatic victory over legend Bernard Hopkins last month. The Russian unified the WBO, IBF and WBA light-heavyweight titles with a one-sided win over Hopkins in Atlantic City. But after tax and payments to his trainer and manager, Kovalev will be left with $125,000 of his $500,000 purse. Sergey Kovalev (right) dominated Bernard Hopkins over 12 one-sided rounds in Atlantic City last month . Hopkins survived a torrid 12th round but lost his IBF and WBA light-heavyweight titles to Kovalev . 'Taxes are counted at the end of the year and I have to pay all of them,' he told Russian news agency ITAR-TASS. 'They told me that from my earnings I have to pay 50 per cent taxes, plus deduct payments for my manager and trainer. 'What’s left is about 25 per cent of my purse. There’s not a lot of money to wrestle thinking how to spend it. I have my son, Alexander – all the diapers, clothes – they cost a lot.' Kovalev's son was born less than three weeks before his fight with Hopkins but he did not see him until after the fight. The 31-year-old knocked Hopkins down in the first round before dominating until the final bell. Kovalev celebrates his win over Hopkins and will now defend his belts against Jean Pascal (right) in March . Kovalev will defend his titles against Jean Pascal next March, subject to the Canadian beating Roberto Bolonti on Saturday and IBF approval. 'Sergey has made it very clear since the moment we signed him that he only wants to fight the best fighters,' his promoter Kathy Duva said. 'I promised after his demolition of Bernard Hopkins that the next one would be for the money. I'm thrilled to work with Interbox to bring boxing fans "The Krusher" versus Jean Pascal, which delivers on both fronts. 'The truth is that these fights are easy to make when both fighters want to be in the big fights and the promoters and managers are willing to be reasonable and work together.'
highlights: Sergey Kovalev beat Bernard Hopkins on points in Atlantic City last month . His purse was $500,000 but he will take home a quarter after tax and fees . Kovalev is the IBF, WBO and WBA light-heavyweight world champion . He is set to defend his belts against Jean Pascal in March next year .
id: 30b7abfaa22ad4e0303d10fa53533fadb59235a6
chatgpt: In a highly anticipated battle for the light-heavyweight world championship, Sergey Kovalev emerged victorious over the legendary Bernard Hopkins in Atlantic City last month. The thrilling matchup saw Kovalev take control early on, using his impressive combination of power and accuracy to build a commanding lead on the scorecards. Despite a valiant effort from Hopkins to claw his way back into the fight, Kovalev ultimately proved too much for the aging legend to handle. The judges scored the bout unanimously in Kovalev's favor, with the Russian fighter securing his place as the IBF, WBO, and WBA world champion. However, while Kovalev's victory was undoubtedly a triumph, it comes at a cost. The fighter's purse for the bout was a hefty $500,000, but after taxes and fees are taken into account, he will only take home a quarter of that amount. While still a considerable sum, the reality of the situation highlights the often-overlooked financial pressures of professional boxing. Despite this setback, Kovalev remains focused on his upcoming challenger, Jean Pascal, who he is set to defend his belts against in March of next year. Pascal is a formidable opponent, with a record of 30 wins, 5 losses, and 1 draw. He comes into the matchup fresh off a victory over Marcus Browne, and will undoubtedly be looking to dethrone Kovalev and seize the throne for himself. Kovalev, however, is not easily intimidated. The fighter is renowned for his discipline and work ethic, famously training in secluded camps in the wilderness of Russia to hone his skills. He has proven time and time again that he is one of the most dominant forces in the sport today, and will undoubtedly be a tough opponent for Pascal to handle. As the light-heavyweight division continues to heat up, fans around the world are eagerly anticipating what promises to be a thrilling matchup between Kovalev and Pascal in just a few short months. For now, however, the reigning champion can bask in the glory of his hard-earned victory, and focus on the challenges that lie ahead.