article: By . James Chapman . PUBLISHED: . 18:15 EST, 31 January 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 18:53 EST, 31 January 2013 . Belief: Conservative MP Helen Grant said she was a 'God-fearing woman' and that gay marriage plans were consistent with her beliefs . Gay marriage is consistent with Christian values of ‘justice’ and ‘fairness’, the equalities minister has told religious critics. Helen Grant said she was a ‘God-fearing woman’ and suggested those of faith should support Government plans to legalise gay unions. Speaking ahead of a key vote on the issue next week, in which 100 Conservative MPs are expected to refuse to back the reform, Mrs Grant dismissed the idea that there was no mandate for it since it was not included in the party’s general election manifesto. She said the proposal was in a ‘contract for equalities’ published at the same time as the manifesto in 2010 and it was ‘quite clear what our intentions may well be’. ‘I am a God-fearing woman. My faith is very fundamental to everything I do and think. 'I am a member of the Church of England, a Christian, and my faith is very, very important to me,’ the Tory minister said in an interview with political magazine The House. ‘I think it’s [same-sex marriage] absolutely consistent with my beliefs. 'For me, as a Christian, I see it as about justice, equality, fairness, ending discrimination and opening up marriage to more people on the basis that marriage is a very special institution.’ Mrs Grant said the Government would make sure there was ‘proper protection’ in place for religious organisations and ministers who do not want to perform same-sex marriages. And she insisted that Tories who voted against gay marriage next week would not be damaging the party’s image. Protection: Mrs Grant said the Government would make sure there was 'proper protection' in place for religious organisations and ministers who do not want to perform same-sex marriages . It is expected that around 40 per cent . of the party will decline to back the legislation, though it will not . be a rebellion since David Cameron has granted a free vote on the issue . as one of conscience. Senior . Tories on the socially conservative wing of the party, including . Justice Secretary Chris Grayling and minister for faith Baroness Warsi, . are now expected to back the change. However, . Labour leader Ed Miliband suggested the gay marriage vote would help to . demonstrate that ‘the nasty party is back’, since some Tories will fail . to back it. Though he has . also been forced to offer a free vote after at least one staunchly . religious member of his front bench threatened to resign rather than . vote in favour, Mr Miliband has urged Labour MPs to support the reform. Manifesto: Mrs Grant said the proposal was in a 'contract for equalities' published at the same time as the manifesto in 2010 and it was 'quite clear what our intentions may well be'
highlights: Conservative MP Helen Grant said those of faith should support plans . Said the proposal was in 'contract for equalities' in 2010 manifesto . Described herself as 'God-fearing' and said plans consistent with her beliefs . 100 Conservatives expected to refuse backing in key vote on gay marriage .
id: 5faed14189685615fd6dcfc040c8ed3aa6ef62bf
chatgpt: Conservative MP Helen Grant has caused a stir in the lead-up to a key vote on same-sex marriage, calling for people of faith to support the government's plans. Speaking to reporters, Grant said that the proposal was in line with the "contract for equalities" set out in the Conservative Party's 2010 manifesto, and was consistent with her own beliefs as a "God-fearing" individual. "We must understand that equality is a fundamental value that everyone should be entitled to, regardless of their sexual orientation," Grant said. "As a Christian, I believe that same-sex marriage can be seen as a natural extension of this principle, particularly if the proposal is designed to ensure that couples are able to enter into a legal union that provides the same rights and privileges as their heterosexual counterparts." Grant's comments come as the government faces a major hurdle in its push to legalise same-sex marriage. Despite having received support from senior Tories including Prime Minister Theresa May and Chancellor Philip Hammond, more than 100 Conservative MPs are expected to refuse to back the government's proposals in a key vote later this year. The split within the Conservative Party has been particularly pronounced on the issue of same-sex marriage, with some MPs concerned that their faith values are being eroded by the proposal. Speaking to reporters, one anonymous MP said that he could not support the government's plans as he believed they were "incompatible with my beliefs as a Christian". However, Grant has taken a different approach, arguing that same-sex marriage can be seen as a way to promote equality and respect for human rights. She also said that she believed that the government's proposals contained important protections for religious groups who may be opposed to same-sex marriage. "I understand that there are concerns amongst people of faith about this issue, but I also believe that we need to be able to find a way to move forward while respecting everyone's deeply-held beliefs," Grant said. "That is why I support the government's proposals, which contain important protections for religious groups who may be opposed to same-sex marriage." Despite Grant's support, it remains to be seen whether the government can win over sufficient support from Conservative MPs to get the legislation through. With more than 100 MPs expected to oppose the proposals, the government will need to rely on cross-party support to ensure the measure is passed. For same-sex marriage campaigners, the vote represents a major test of the government's commitment to equality and human rights. Speaking to reporters, LGBT rights campaigner Peter Tatchell said that he was "cautiously optimistic" about the outcome of the vote, but warned that much work remained to be done. "Same-sex marriage is a basic human right that is recognised in many other countries across the world," Tatchell said. "It is time for the UK to catch up and ensure that every citizen is able to enter into a legal union with the person they love, regardless of their gender or sexual orientation."