article: A man has been charged with murder after the body of a woman was found overnight in the backyard of a home on the New South Wales Central Coast. Garry Weigand, 55, will appear in court later today. Emergency services were called to the address in Sonoma Road, Budgewoi, about 12.15am on Wednesday, responding to reports a woman had been found severely injured. Police said the woman suffered severe injuries and was unrecognisable, The Today Show reported. Scroll down for video . A woman's body has been found in the backyard of a home in Budgewoi, on the NSW Central Coast . Emergency services were called to the address at about 12.15am on Wednesday, responding to reports of a woman had been found severely injured . Police from Tuggerah Lakes Local Area Command established a crime scene after they discovered the body of a woman believed to be aged in her 40s or 50s. Mr Weigand was taken to Wyong Hospital for assessment before being taken to Wyong Police Station where he was charged with murder. Neighbour Margaret Wright, who has lived in the street and known Mr Weigand for 23 years, said he had been in a relationship with the victim for about six months after meeting her at a dancing event at a local club. 'Honestly I got such a shock,' Mrs Wright told Daily Mail Australia. 'It's just tragic it had to happen, I feel sorry for her. Police reportedly said the woman was beaten so badly she was unrecognisable . 'She seemed quite a nice lady - she used to be quiet but she'd say good morning.' Mrs Wright said she did not live at the Sonoma Road house but she used to stay overnight. 'He said they used to watch videos and everything like that,' she said. 'Sometimes they'd go down the club and they'd have a bit of dinner . 'I would see them, the courtesy bus would pick them up one or two nights a week.' Mrs Wright said she believed Mr Weigand, who was on the pension, had an intellectual disability. 'He couldn't read and he couldn't write,' she said. 'Some days he'd say “How are you going?” and want to talk and other times he would ignore you.'
highlights: Woman ages in her 40s or 50s found dead in  backyard with severe injuries . Crime scene established at home in Budgewoi on the NSW Central Coast . A 55-year-old man was charged with murder after being arrested nearby .
id: b0527d8ab926d18cb2f26deed96312ffa8648dc3
chatgpt: Tragedy struck in the quiet town of Budgewoi on the NSW Central Coast yesterday, as the lifeless body of a woman in her 40s or 50s was discovered in the backyard of her home, bearing severe injuries. Police were immediately called to the scene, and established a crime scene around the property. Reports suggest that the victim was home alone at the time of her death, and it is believed that she may have been targeted by her attacker. The incident has sent shockwaves throughout the community, who are struggling to come to terms with the tragic loss of a neighbour. "I can't believe this has happened," said one resident who did not want to be identified. "She was such a lovely person, always smiling and saying hello. It's just so sad." Police wasted no time in launching an investigation into the incident, and cordoned off the area around the victim's home as they began to collect evidence. An autopsy will be conducted to determine the exact cause of death, and detectives are expected to make further enquiries into the circumstances leading up to the incident. Later that day, a 55-year-old man was arrested near the scene in connection with the attack, and subsequently charged with murder. He has been remanded in custody and is scheduled to appear in court at a later date. The news of the arrest has brought a sense of relief to the community, who were left reeling in the aftermath of the attack. However, it has done little to ease the grief felt by the victim's family and friends, who are still struggling to comprehend the sudden loss of their loved one. The tragedy is a sobering reminder of the dangers that can lurk in even the quietest and most unsuspecting of neighbourhoods. As the investigation continues, police are urging anyone with information to come forward. "Our thoughts are with the victim's family and loved ones during this difficult time," said a spokesperson for the local police department. "We will do everything in our power to bring the perpetrator to justice and ensure that this incident is thoroughly investigated."