article: By . Chris Pleasance . and Ian Drury . Former Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher refused the Pope's compromise, saying that there were worse things than war, including 'the extinction of all that one believed in' Pope John Paul II tried to persuade Margaret Thatcher to stop fighting Argentina over the Falkland Islands, newly uncovered documents have revealed. The Vatican urged the Prime Minister to reach an ‘honourable compromise’ with the military junta in Buenos Aires over the future of the remote group of islands in the South Atlantic. But Mrs Thatcher defiantly rejected the peace plea, insisting there could be ‘no compromise between right and wrong’. The Pope asked Mrs Thatcher to 'compromise' with the Argentine government, fearing that defeat for Argentina would topple its right-wing government, allowing the Soviets to seize more power in the region. But a top-secret memo, released after 23 years, shows how the Iron Lady resisted, saying that the Argentines should 'go home and leave the Queen's people'. According to the Sunday Express Mrs Thatcher confessed that the war was a 'terrible evil' but not as terrible as 'the extinction of all that one believed in.' The Pope made the plea through Cardinal Agostino Casaroli, one of his most senior diplomats, who visited the UK ahead of the pontiff's arrival on May 28 1982. The 50-minute meeting took place in secret with no Cabinet ministers present at around 6.40pm. According to the memo, written by Thatcher's private personal secretary Sir Clive Whitmore to Sir Brian Fell, principal private secretary to the foreign secretary, the meeting was almost entirely devoted to the Falklands. Mr Whitmore wrote that the Pope had concerns over 'dangerous consequences' of a 'general' kind. The Holy See worried that toppling the Argentine government would allow the Soviets the opportunity to drive a wedge between the West and Latin America. The plea came just hours after British troops capture Goose Green, marking the first land battle of the war . Instead, John Paul II suggests that an 'honourable' compromise might suit all parties better. Just hours before the visit took place, around 500 British paratroopers from British Falklands Task Force recaptured Goose Green from 1,200 Argentinian soldiers, marking the first land battle of the war. While the victory was a resounding success for the military, it came at a cost of 17 British lives.
highlights: In May 1982, during Falklands War, Pope John Paul II visited Britain . Before he arrived he sent senior diplomat to speak with Thatcher . Asked for 'compromise', fearing Argentine government would collapse . If that happened then the Soviets could try and seize power, he warned . Thatcher said there was no compromise 'between right and wrong'
id: d4059ad55a93c2541d75d66d75e6ac7819bcf954
chatgpt: May 1982 saw Britain engaged in a bitter and bloody conflict with Argentina in the South Atlantic over control of the Falkland Islands. Amid the turmoil, Pope John Paul II made the decision to visit Britain, adding a religious dimension to the political and military drama unfolding on the world stage. However, before he arrived, the Pope sent a senior diplomat to speak with Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher in the hope of finding a diplomatic solution to the conflict. The Pope's envoy, Archbishop Agostino Casaroli, arrived in London with a warning for the Prime Minister. He suggested that the Vatican was concerned that the Argentine government could collapse under the pressure of the conflict and that the Soviets could seize power in the region. He asked for a compromise solution to be found to end the conflict before such a scenario could become a reality. Thatcher, however, was a woman of deep conviction, and she felt that there was no room for compromise when it came to right and wrong. She pointed out that the Falkland Islands were British territory, and that the Argentine invasion had been both illegal and unacceptable. She made it clear that she would not back down from her position, and that she would do everything in her power to protect the interests of her country. Despite Thatcher's strong stance, the Pope's visit was still seen as a significant step in the diplomatic process. It was the first time that a Pope had visited Britain in almost 500 years, and it marked a symbolic moment of reconciliation between the Catholic Church and the Anglican Church. The timing of the visit also had a powerful political impact, coming just as the Falklands War was reaching its climax. The Pope himself made a series of public statements during his visit, calling for peace and understanding between nations. He spoke of his concerns for the people caught up in the conflict, and he urged all parties to work towards a peaceful settlement. Although his words did not bring an immediate end to the fighting, they did help to shift the focus of the conflict towards the human cost of war. In retrospect, the Pope's visit to Britain can be seen as a significant moment in the history of the Falklands War. It marked a turning point in the political and diplomatic process, and it helped to shift the debate towards a more humanitarian and compassionate approach. Although the conflict was eventually resolved through military means, the Pope's visit helped to keep the focus on the importance of finding peaceful solutions to international conflicts.