article: An Atlanta mother-of-two who was convicted of lying to police after her lover and then-boss gunned down her husband at their children's preschool, has been released from prison today. Andrea Sneiderman was released after serving less than a year of her five-year sentence for perjury and obstructing a police investigation into the 2010 murder of husband Russell 'Rusty' Sneiderman, 36. She received a year's credit for time service - some of it while on house arrest. Her former boss and lover, Henny Neuman, was convicted in March 2012 of the killing, though he was found mentally ill after he testified that an angel who looked like Olivia Newton John and a ghost who sounded like Barry White told him to shoot Mr Sneiderman. It is unknown whether Sneiderman will get back custody of her children now that she is released. Her husband's parents had been fighting her family to retain custody of them boy and girl, age 5 and 8. Andrea Sneiderman (right) served less than a year of her five-year sentence after she was convicted of lying about what she knew about the murder of husband Russell 'Rusty' Sneiderman, the father of her two children . Neiderman was arrested in August 2012 after she testified under oath that she did not have an affair with her former boss Henny Neuman . Mrs Sneiderman was initially arrested in August 2012 and charged with orchestrating the murder - though later those charges were dropped and prosecutors instead alleged that she lied to cover up her affair with Neuman. Mr Sneiderman's family testified that Mrs Sneiderman knew her husband had been shot - even before she was told by authorities. Her refusal to disclose the affair with Neuman meant that it took detectives nearly two months to learn the motive for the killing at the upscale preschool - which rocked Atlanta's tight-knit Jewish population. Prosecutors said she repeatedly lied to investigators and also lied on the witness stand at Neuman's trial - denying the the two were having an affair and refusing to tell the truth about when she learned her husband had been shot. Sorted affair: Henny Neuman (left) was convicted in 2012 of murdering his lover Andrea Sneiderman's (right) husband. He claimed an angel who looked like Olivia Newton John told him to do it . In August 2013, a jury convicted Sneiderman of nine of 13 counts. She after the conviction, she pleaded with the judge for leniency - arguing that her two small children needed their mother after their father was murdered. A judge sentenced her to five years in prison, but gave her credit for one year served on house arrest and in jail awaiting trial. A parole board further reduced the sentence to 22 months, with a year's credit for time served. Authorities say she walked out of Lee Arrendale State Prison at 12.22am on Monday.
highlights: Andrea Sneiderman was convicted of lying about her affair with her then-boss Henny Neuman . She also lied about when she learned that her husband Rusty Sneiderman had been killed . Mr Sneiderman was gunned down as he dropped the couple's son off at preschool in suburban Atlanta in 2010 . Sneiderman was sentenced to five years in prison, but was released after less than a year . Got a year credit for time served before her conviction - some of it on house arrest .
id: ad56dc7005327a13bcc868f3198fed76dcd549af
chatgpt: Andrea Sneiderman was once a loving mother and wife until the day her life changed forever. Her husband, Russell "Rusty" Sneiderman, was gunned down as he dropped their son off at preschool in suburban Atlanta in 2010. It was a tragic day that left a community in shock and a family in mourning. But what happened next would shock everyone even more. Andrea Sneiderman was accused of having an affair with her then-boss, Hemy Neuman. This was just the beginning of a downward spiral that would change her life forever. She was convicted of lying about the affair and also about when she learned of her husband's death. The jury believed that she knew of the affair and the murder plot all along. The trial was highly publicized, as it involved a wealthy family and a juicy scandal. Andrea Sneiderman was sentenced to five years in prison, but she was released after less than a year. She got a year credit for time served before her conviction, some of it on house arrest. Many people were outraged by her early release, feeling that she got off lightly. Others believed that she was not guilty and that the affair and murder plot were concocted by prosecutors looking for a quick conviction. However, the evidence presented at the trial seemed to indicate otherwise. Andrea Sneiderman's life was turned upside down after her husband's murder, and her subsequent conviction only made things worse. Her children lost their father and were now living with a mother behind bars. The community that once supported her turned against her, and she was now a pariah. Her once glamorous life had turned into a nightmare. Despite the controversies surrounding her case, Andrea Sneiderman remained adamant about her innocence. She claimed that she had no knowledge of the murder, and that her affair with Hemy Neuman was not a motive for the crime. However, the jury did not believe her, and she was convicted. Today, Andrea Sneiderman is a free woman, but her life will never be the same. She lost her husband, her reputation, and her freedom. Her children still have to cope with the loss of their father, and they will have to live with the knowledge that their mother was convicted of lying about his murder. The case of Andrea Sneiderman is a cautionary tale about how one mistake can lead to a lifetime of regret.