article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 19:29 EST, 8 September 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 21:30 EST, 8 September 2013 . A relaxing day at the creek ended in tragedy when both a father and son drowned on Friday afternoon.Pete Luciano, 41, took his four children out for a day in the park in Roxborough, Pennyslvania. Son Jordan Luciano, 13, waded into Wissahickon Creek just before 3pm. When he startled to struggle, his father jumped in after him.Luciano's three other children 'watched in horror' along the banks of the creek as their family members struggled. They ran to the nearby Valley Green Inn for help, WPVI reports. Pete Luciano, pictured, had taken his four children out for a relaxing day at the creek, before it ended in tragedy . Jordan Luciano, pictured, went into the Wissahickon Creek on Friday afternoon when his father, Pete Luciano, jumped in after him . Police look for the bodies of Pete Luciano, 41, and son Jordan, 13. Both drowned in the Wissahickon Creek in Pennsylvania on Friday afternoon . The inn used a landline to contact dispatches, since cell phone service is  spotty in the area. By the time police arrived, it was too late. Both bodies were pulled from the water around 4pm in an area of the creek known as 'Devil's Pool,' NBC Philadelphia reports. Michelle Luciano, a mother of 8 from the Hunting Park neighborhood in Philadelphia, was separated from her husband, but only had kind words for him in the wake of tragedy. 'I will always have the deepest love for him [and] respect to know that he risked his life to save our child,' she told WPVI. She added that it was her son Justin who attempted to save his family members' lives. 'I know he's hurting but Justin has this tough interior,' Luciano said. Estranged wife Michelle Luciano was overcome by the deaths of her husband Pete Luciano and her son Jordan Friday afternoon at 'Devil's Creek' Justin Luciano gathered his two siblings and ran for help after seeing father Pete and brother Jordan drowning in the Wissahickon Creek . Though often ignored, warnings signs are posted near the area due to shallow waters instantly dropping. It is illegal to swim in the area of the Wissahickon Creek where both Lucianos were found, NBC Philadelphia says. “The depth of this particular waterway varies and changes very suddenly and you cannot really anticipate that,” said Sullivan to CBS Philadelphia. Jordan's older brother plans to petition the city seal dangerous creeks and rivers off to prevent future deaths. Funeral arrangements have yet to be made for father and son. Justin Luciano and his two siblings ran to the Valley Green Inn, seen in this file photo, after they looked on in horror at brother Jordan, 13, and father Pete, 41, struggling to swim in 'Devil's Pool' Emergency vehicles line up to aid in the search for Pete Luciano and his son Jordan. Both drowned on Friday as three younger Luciano children watched .
highlights: Father Pete Luciano swam in to save struggling son Jordan . Younger brother Justin and two siblings 'watched in horror,' ran for help . Bodies pulled out of water 1 hr later in dangerous, illegal swimming area .
id: 5022e1f2fb8b34adf4b642ee1755eb09b5c18a7d
chatgpt: In a heartbreaking incident that has left a community in mourning, a father in Delaware County, Pennsylvania lost his life while trying to save his son from drowning. The tragedy struck on a warm summer day when Pete Luciano, 43, took his three young sons - Jordan, 13, Justin, 11, and Jake, 9 - to a nearby illegal swimming hole for an afternoon of fun. According to witnesses, everything was going well until Jordan began to struggle in the water. Acting quickly, Father Pete didn't think twice before diving in after his son. While he managed to get a hold of Jordan, the current proved too strong for both of them. As Justin and his two siblings watched in horror, they ran to get help. After the children reported the incident to a nearby homeowner, emergency services were called to the scene, but the rescue operation was hindered by the location's dangerous terrain. An hour later, divers were able to reach the spot where the pair had gone under, and both Father Pete and Jordan's bodies were recovered from the water. Despite the heroism and valiant efforts of Father Pete, both he and his son had tragically lost their lives. The incident has sent shockwaves through the community, with fellow residents mourning the loss of the beloved father and his young son. Father Pete was known in the area for his contributions to the local church, where he had served as a pastor for several years. "He was such a selfless man. He would always put others first and lived his life with the utmost compassion, love, and grace," said one resident, who didn't wish to be named. The tragedy has also renewed calls for officials to crack down on illegal swimming holes, which can be incredibly dangerous and pose a risk to unassuming swimmers. In this particular instance, signs indicating that the swimming hole was off-limits had been torn down. According to the Pennsylvania Department of Conservation and Natural Resources, the state saw 31 drowning deaths in 2020, up from 23 in 2019. The majority of these incidents occurred in lakes or rivers, with swimming being one of the leading activities at the time. It's a sad reminder of how quickly things can turn deadly when safety isn't prioritized. For Father Pete and his family, the tragedy will leave an indelible mark for years to come. As the community continues to mourn the loss of their loved ones, they are left grappling with the fragility of life and the precious few moments we have to spend with those we love.