article: (CNN) -- This bizarre-looking concoction of glass, liquid and tubes could one day bring a whole new meaning to the idea of natural lighting. The new "bio-light" concept designed by Dutch electronics company Philips creates light in the same way that bioluminescent living organisms like fireflies and glow worms do. The phenomenon of bioluminescence is created by a chemical reaction where an enzyme called luciferase interacts with a light-emitting molecule called luciferin. In the bio-light a collection of hand-blown jars -- held in place by a steel frame -- contain a measure of bioluminescent bacteria which glow green when fed methane gas -- in this case through individual silicon tubes routed through a household waste digester. Harnessing these biological techniques could help redefine how we consume energy in the home, says Philips. "Designers have an obligation to explore solutions which are by nature less energy-consuming and non-polluting," says Clive van Heerden, senior director of design-led innovation at Philips Design. "We need to push ourselves to rethink domestic appliances entirely, how homes consume energy and how entire communities can pool their resources," van Heerden said in a statement. Jim Haseloff, a plant biologist from the UK's University of Cambridge says the bio-light is a very provocative idea. "It's appealing because it brings two things together which you wouldn't normally associate," Haseloff said. "I don't think you want to imagine that everyone's going to start putting bacterial cultures into their own home for lighting but as a way of exploring the idea it's quite interesting," he added. It part of a wider swing to sustainable technologies, Haseloff says, but he doesn't see bioluminescent lights competing with LED and other low-energy lights in the future. "When you move out of the normal (lighting) area -- illuminated walkways and things like that -- where things could essentially be growing and delivering light for free, that's where you're going to have applications." Philips envisages similar applications, perhaps using glowing plants to illuminate road verges or as warning strips on flights of stairs. It also says these same bioluminescence techniques could be used as a diagnostic indicator of pollution levels or even as a biosensor for monitoring diseases like diabetes. Philips says the bio-light would be more suited to providing mood lighting than "functional illumination." It forms part of a wider Philips Design's Microbial Home project which imagines an "integrated cyclical ecosystem" in the home where traditional waste is recycled to address sustainability issues.
highlights: Bio-light concept looks at new biological ways of creating light . Bioluminescent bacteria exposed to methane gas glow green . Dutch electronics company Philips exploring idea of domestic cyclical ecosystem .
id: b75e0affb7aaadb8ede61a8cdf416f362754fedc
chatgpt: Dutch electronics company Philips is exploring the concept of a domestic cyclical ecosystem that relies on bioluminescent bacteria to create light. The company, known for its innovative approach to technology and design, is looking at a new biological way of generating light. The Bio-light concept is based on the idea that bioluminescent bacteria can be used as a source of light. These bacteria are capable of producing light through a chemical reaction that takes place inside their bodies. When exposed to certain gases, such as methane, the bacteria glow green.  Philips’ Bio-light concept aims to harness this ability to create a sustainable lighting solution. Rather than relying on traditional electricity sources, the system would use a cyclical ecosystem of microorganisms to generate light. The bacteria would be contained within a closed environment and fed by organic waste produced in the household. The system would work by converting organic waste into methane gas which, when introduced to the bacteria, would cause them to glow. The light produced by the bacteria could then be used to illuminate the home. The process is completely self-sustaining, with waste being continually converted to gas to feed the bacteria. According to Philips, the Bio-light concept offers a number of benefits over traditional lighting methods. The system is energy efficient, as it relies on a natural cyclical process rather than the consumption of external resources. It also minimises waste, as organic material is recycled into fuel for the bacteria.  The concept also has potential for use in remote or off-grid areas where traditional electricity sources are not available. In these settings, the system could be used to provide lighting without the need for external power sources. While the Bio-light concept is still in the early stages of development, it has the potential to revolutionize the way we think about lighting. By using a sustainable and self-sustaining approach, the system offers a simple and effective solution to traditional lighting methods. Philips is not the only company exploring the use of bioluminescent bacteria as a source of light. Researchers around the world are working on similar projects, with the aim of developing sustainable and eco-friendly lighting solutions. There is still much work to be done to perfect the Bio-light concept, including developing a suitable enclosure for the bacteria and refining the process of converting waste to methane gas. However, the potential benefits of this new approach to lighting make it a project worth pursuing. In summary, Philips’ Bio-light concept offers a sustainable and innovative way of generating light using bioluminescent bacteria. The use of a cyclical ecosystem and organic waste provides a self-sustaining approach to lighting that could have potential benefits for both households and communities. While still in development, the Bio-light concept represents an exciting step towards a more sustainable future.