article: By . Ollie Gillman for MailOnline . A pioneering crook got away with £24,000 after 3D printing fake cashpoints facades, only to be caught because he used his own card to test them out. The thief, named Hamid P, used the printer to make fake fronts for ATM machines so he could clone hundreds of people's cards. When unsuspecting members of the public put their cards into the cashpoints in Nimes and Saint-Ambroix, southern France, they also put them through a 'skimmer' which was hidden by the 34-year-old fraudster. Scroll down for video . The thief, known only as Hamid P, 3D printed fake fronts for cashpoints to scam credit card users (file pic) Skimmers register card details and were found behind the fake machine fronts that Hamid P had secretly installed. The machine would then dispense cash as normal, leaving the user completely unaware that their details had been stolen. A police source told Le Parisien: 'The fake fronts were of a good quality and were different to those we normally see.' Hamid P was on the run with £24,000 of stolen money before the scam came to light when the bank discovered the false fronts. Police tracked him down as he had used his own credit card in the machine to test whether it worked. He was arrested in Marseille this month. When the police found the 3D printer at his home he admitted to the scam and has been charged with fraud. In September 2011 an American gang were prosecuted after stealing more than £241,000 by using the same 3D-printed fake ATM fronts scam. A gang in Australia were also caught out after scamming £56,000 from card users with a similar ploy. Criminals have also used the revolutionary printers to make keys and guns. However the machines have been put to good use too, to make objects including houses, replacement knees, and even 'mini-me' models. 3D printers, such as this CubeX Trio, can now be bought for home use. It is thought that the thief used a much larger 3D printer to make the fake ATM fronts, which were used in Nimes and Saint-Ambroix, southern France .
highlights: Man, known only as Hamid P, made ATM facades with a 3D printer . Got away with £24,000 before French banks discovered the fake fronts . Police tracked him down because he tested cashpoints with his own card .
id: ece9a72fac05865e743e25a740ba6dd5818d7848
chatgpt: A man known only as Hamid P has been taken into custody by French police after they discovered that he had been using 3D printers to create fake ATM facades. The man was able to successfully collect approximately £24,000 in cash from these fake cash machines before French banking institutions realized that something was amiss. According to authorities, Hamid P was able to create the fake ATM facades using a 3D printer that he owned. He was careful to make them as realistic as possible so that they would fool unsuspecting customers. After placing the fake fronts over legitimate cash machines, Hamid P would wait for customers to make withdrawals. The scheme continued undetected for some time before French banking institutions finally became aware of what was happening. Upon investigation, they discovered that the ATM facades were fake and that the cash had been stolen. Working in conjunction with the police, they were eventually able to track down Hamid P and take him into custody. It was later determined that Hamid P had been caught, in part, because of his testing methodology. Rather than simply trying to withdraw cash, Hamid P would insert his own card into the fake cash machines in order to test their functionality. This caused authorities to become suspicious and ultimately led to his arrest. French authorities are now working to determine the full extent of Hamid P's crimes. It is believed that he may have been operating these fake cash machines for quite some time and multiple banks could have been affected. Customers who used these machines are being advised to monitor their bank accounts closely for any suspicious activity. This case serves as a reminder of the importance of remaining vigilant when using cash machines. While technology has certainly made banking more convenient, it has also opened up new opportunities for criminals to take advantage. By staying aware of potential scams and fraudulent activities, customers can help protect themselves and their finances.