article: Monterrey, Mexico (CNN) -- Mexican authorities are asking for DNA samples from families of missing persons nationwide in their efforts to identify 49 decapitated bodies, an official said Wednesday. That will be the only way to identify the victims -- whose killers cut off their heads, hands and feet -- Nuevo Leon state security spokesman Jorge Domene told reporters three days after investigators found the remains abandoned along a highway. Officials in El Salvador may also request access to the DNA data authorities in Nuevo Leon have compiled, to compare it with samples from family members of Salvadoran migrants who have gone missing in Mexico, Domene said. While investigators work to identify the victims behind closed doors, parts of the case have played out quite publicly. Banners hanging in locations throughout the country, purportedly from the Zetas, claim that the notoriously ruthless cartel had nothing to do with the gruesome crime. But another message purportedly signed by the Zetas and found Sunday at the crime scene -- a roadside near the industrial city of Monterrey and about 80 miles southwest of the U.S. border -- told a different story, threatening members of rival cartels and Mexican authorities. Domene told reporters Wednesday that investigations to find those responsible would focus on scientific proof and not on the banners. On Monday, Mexico's interior minister said the 49 decapitated bodies were likely the result of a fierce feud over territory and power between the Zetas and members of the allied Gulf and Sinaloa cartels. The Zetas started with deserters from the Mexican army and quickly gained a reputation for ruthless violence as the armed branch of Mexico's Gulf cartel. The partnership ended in 2010. Now, analysts say the Gulf cartel is allied with the Sinaloa cartel, one of the nation's most powerful drug-trafficking groups. Interior Minister Alejandro Poire stressed Monday that the Mexican government would not retreat from its efforts to crack down on organized crime -- an effort that is facing increasing criticism as Mexico's presidential campaign season heats up. "I know very well that these acts worry society, but the solution is not to let our guard down," Poire said. President Felipe Calderon, seen as the chief champion of Mexico's crime-fighting strategy, is not running for re-election. But opposition candidates have criticized his administration's approach. More than 47,500 people have died in drug-related violence in Mexico since December 2006, when Calderon announced plans to deploy troops in efforts to combat cartels. According to Mexico's National Human Rights Commission, more than 5,300 people have disappeared throughout the country in that same time period. And the bodies of 9,000 dead have not been identified. Officials fear the total number of missing could be far higher, because many disappearances go unreported. CNNMexico.com contributed to this report.
highlights: DNA samples will be the only way to identify the decapitated victims, a state official says . Authorities are seeking DNA from families of missing persons . Investigators are trying to identify the 49 bodies, and who was behind the deaths . Banners claim the Zetas drug cartel was not responsible for the gruesome crime .
id: 4eb71cad413dd1864fc8ac4d7174b7ebe92839b0
chatgpt: In a gruesome and tragic event, the remains of 49 decapitated victims were discovered in a remote area in Mexico. While authorities are working tirelessly to identify the victims, they have recently announced that DNA samples will be the only way to do so. According to a state official, the bodies were so badly mutilated that traditional forms of identification, such as fingerprints or dental records, are not possible in this case. As a result, the authorities are now reaching out to families of missing persons for DNA samples to help with the identification process. Despite the grueling task of identifying the victims, investigators are also diligently working on identifying those responsible for this heinous crime. While banners have been seen claiming that the Zetas drug cartel is not responsible, authorities have yet to identify any suspects at this time. An event of this magnitude has understandably sent shockwaves throughout the community. The discovery of so many decapitated bodies clearly points to an act of unspeakable violence. The fact that the victims cannot be identified by traditional means adds another layer of tragedy to this already devastating event. The families of those who are missing have been particularly affected by this event. For anyone missing a loved one, the mere thought that their relative could be among the unidentified victims is a nightmare. As such, families have stepped forward to supply DNA samples that authorities hope will put them one step closer to resolving this deeply troubling situation. The discovery of 49 decapitated victims is a jarring reminder of the violence that plagues many parts of Mexico. While the government has made significant strides in recent years to address violence and cartel activity, events like this are a sobering reminder that there is still a long way to go. As authorities work to identify the victims and prosecute those responsible, it is essential to keep the families of the victims in mind. They are the ones who are enduring the most significant pain and loss at the moment. Hopefully, identifying the victims of this tragic event will bring some closure and peace to the families who have been waiting for news of their missing loved ones. In the meantime, the authorities are urging the public to come forward with any information that could help in this case. While DNA samples from the families of missing persons are essential, any additional information could prove to be a valuable lead in identifying those responsible for this horrific crime. It is essential that everyone work together to bring those responsible for this heinous act to justice.