article: By . Matt Chorley, Mailonline Political Editor . PUBLISHED: . 06:39 EST, 7 March 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 10:44 EST, 7 March 2014 . The Liberal Democrats have been left all shook up after being beaten by the Elvis Party in a by-election. More voters backed a candidate calling for a 30 per cent discount in brothels for OAPs than Nick Clegg’s party in the election to Nottingham City Council. It is the latest embarrassment for the Lib Dems, who have also struggled in several Commons by-elections in recent months. The Bus-Pass Elvis Party beat the Lib Dems by 11 votes in the Nottingham City Council by-election . David Bishop from Bus-Pass Elvis Party managed to beat the Lib Dems into fifth place . Voters went to the polls yesterday to elect a new councillor in the Clifton North ward. Labour's Patricia Ferguson held the seat, where the other two councillors are Tories. Labour secured 1,179 votes, with the Conservative Andrew Rule taking 1,025. Ukip’s Kevin Clarke came third with 536 votes. In fourth place was David Bishop, from the Bus-Pass Elvis Party, who secured 67 votes, 11 more than Lib Dem Tony Marshall who managed just 56. David Bishop stood on a manifesto to legalise brothels, and give OAPs a 30 per cent discount . A Lib Dem spokesman said he was ‘all . shook up’ by the result. ‘I think this is a campaign where we were . accused of having Suspicious Minds,’ he added. ‘We have been left in . Heartbreak Hotel as a result.’ The . Bus-Pass Elvis Party is also known as Elvis Loves Pets, Church of the . Militant Elvis and Elvis and the Yeti Himalayan Preservation Party. It was founded in 2001 by Mr Bishop to ‘overthrow the Corporate Capitalist State which turned Elvis, a man of immense talent, into a fat media joke’. Mr Bishop, who also calls himself Lord Biro, stood on a manifesto who promised to ‘legalise brothels with a 30% reduction for OAPs’. He also called for an inquiry in British Vet Fees, a ban on air guns and a campaign to ‘save public lavatories from extinction’. It added: ‘Nigel Farage recently said he would like to see a relaxation of the rules on Hand Gun ownership. ‘Our candidate hopes he and his party never come into power as Nottingham will be worse than Dodge City. ‘If they do come into power our candidate will write to Clint Eastwood and ask him to be the Deputy Sheriff of Nottingham.’ Mr Bishop has previously stood against disgraced Tory MP Neil Hamilton, Communities Secretary Eric Pickles and Ukip’s Robert Kilroy Silk. David Bishop stood in the Eastleigh parliamentary by-election last year, but was beaten by Monster Raving Loony Howling Laud Hope . The retired painter and decorator stood in the Eastleigh parliamentary by-election last year, triggered by the resignation of Lib Dem Cabinet minister Chris Huhne. Mr Bishop came 11th, behind the Beer, Baccy and Crumpet party and the Monster Raving Loony party.
highlights: David Bishop AKA Lord Biro won 67 votes in Nottingham by-election . Party also known as Elvis Loves Pets, Church of the . Militant Elvis and Elvis and the Yeti Himalayan Preservation Party . Lib Dem Tony Marshall managed just 56 votes, coming last in vote .
id: 4eae8e2af0af24ced264ec9d9715ba54d3f4c0c3
chatgpt: David Bishop, also known as Lord Biro, has emerged victorious in the recent by-election held in Nottingham. He secured 67 votes, beating the other candidates in the race. Bishop represented the political party called Elvis Loves Pets, Church of the Militant Elvis, and Elvis and the Yeti Himalayan Preservation Party.  While the by-election was a closely contested one, the Liberal Democrat candidate, Tony Marshall, managed to secure just 56 votes and came last in the vote count.  Bishop's triumph has come as an unexpected surprise for many. Despite belonging to lesser-known political parties, his unique campaign style and ideas seemed to have appealed to the voters in the constituency.  Bishop is a well-known artist and writer, and his creativity was reflected in his campaign branding, which was both amusing and quirky. His campaign was a breath of fresh air in an otherwise conventional election race, and he made sure to stand out from the rest of the candidates with his eye-catching posters and campaign signs. Apart from his creative campaign, Bishop also had some interesting proposals for the constituents. He promised, if elected, to make the constituency a more vibrant and culturally rich place. He also pledged to improve the infrastructure and transportation systems in the area. The by-election had been called after the resignation of the previous councillor, who had been a member of the Labour Party. The constituents had previously voted predominantly for Labour, and Bishop's victory has come as a significant surprise, given his party's low recognition in the area. Many analysts believe that Bishop's success reflects the changing political landscape in the UK. With the rise of independent candidates and lesser-known parties, traditional political parties are facing tough competition from unconventional politicians like Lord Biro. Some also speculate that Bishop's success could be attributed to the voters' disenchantment with national politics, given the recent Brexit stalemate and the growing allegations of corruption against mainstream parties. Despite the unorthodox nature of his campaign, Bishop has promised to work in the interest of the people of Nottingham and represent them with honesty and integrity. He has been touted by many as a refreshing change from conventional politicians and has the potential to be a game-changer in the political scene in Nottingham. As Lord Biro prepares to take office, the constituents of the area are eagerly waiting to see how he will deliver on his campaign promises. His victory indicates that unconventional politics is here to stay, and perhaps, it is time for traditional political parties to take note of the changing political climate in the UK.