article: Wesley Sneijder will look for an escape route out of Galatasaray next month, putting the Premier League on red-alert. And Sportsmail has learned Manchester United and Southampton are among the clubs to have been informed about the Holland midfielder’s desire to quit Turkey in January. Having joined Galatasaray in January 2013, Sneijder is keen to leave Istanbul when the transfer window re-opens next month. VIDEO Scroll down for Wesley Sneijder scores two stunning goals for Galatasaray in derby . Galatasaray star Wesley Sneijder is seeking a January exit from the Turkish giants . Likewise, Galatasaray chiefs are ready to consider offloading the 30-year-old star as they look to ease their debt problems. Newly appointed chairman Duygun Yarsuvat has been handed the task of easing the club’s precarious financial position. Sneijder earns in the region of £2.5million-a-year at Galatasaray and the club have failed to pay him on time on more than one occasion over the past few months. And the Turkish side have been receptive to the notion of selling him in an attempt to ease their wage bill. Premier League duo Manchester United and Southampton have been informed about the midfielder's desire . It is understood Galatasaray will demand in the region of £9million for Sneijder. And his advisers have begun the process of trying to identify a buyer for the former Inter Milan star. United and Southampton - who both have Dutch managers - are among the sides to have been contacted about the possibility of taking Sneijder next month. The player worked with Old Trafford boss Van Gaal during the World Cup and the pair are know to have a good relationship. Saints manager Ronald Koeman could also be tempted into a move for his countryman as his side try to maintain their attempts to clinch a European spot next season. Head here to Like our Manchester United Facebook page. Sneijder (right) worked current under  United boss Louis van Gaal at the World Cup this summer for Holland . VIDEO 6 wins in a row, my wife is happy - Van Gaal .
highlights: Wesley Sneijder earns in the region of £2.5million-a-year at Galatasaray . Turkish club are struggling with financial debts . Sneijder, 30, worked under Manchester United boss Louis van Gaal for Holland at the World Cup this summer .
id: 4376be2d4f48edbe0eb024d7dea52028a195a0da
chatgpt: Galatasaray's star player, Wesley Sneijder, is reportedly earning a whopping £2.5million-a-year at the Turkish club. However, this hefty salary might not be enough to shield the club from their mounting financial debts. Galatasaray has been struggling with increasing financial difficulties in recent years, compounded by the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. As a result, the club is facing the possibility of a UEFA ban, which would prevent them from participating in European competitions. The signing of Sneijder in 2013 was seen as a huge coup for Galatasaray, as the Dutch midfielder had been a major player for some of the biggest clubs in Europe, including Real Madrid and Inter Milan. But with the club's financial problems growing, Sneijder's wage has become a source of concern for many of the club's stakeholders. Despite his high salary, there is no denying the impact that Sneijder has had on Galatasaray. The 30-year-old midfielder has been an integral part of the team, leading them to two Turkish league titles and a Turkish cup victory. Sneijder's pedigree was further highlighted this summer during the World Cup in Brazil, where he played under Manchester United boss Louis van Gaal for the Dutch national team. His performances helped the Netherlands reach the semifinals of the tournament, and he was widely praised for his leadership and technical abilities. The financial crisis has forced Galatasaray to take some drastic measures to reduce their debts. The club has sold some of their key players and is looking to reduce their wage bill, which could mean that Sneijder might have to take a cut in his salary. Despite the uncertainty surrounding his future at the club, Sneijder has remained focused on his football, and his performances have shown that he is still one of the best midfielders in the game. Whether he will continue to play for Galatasaray, or find a new home elsewhere, remains to be seen. However, one thing is certain - his impact on the Turkish club has been significant, and he will be remembered as one of their greatest players of all time.