article: According to a new online poll, playing sick is a young thing. The Future of Work Poll, which comes from University of Melbourne, measured how employed Australians view their work, and who is most likely to fake a sick day. The study, which examined 1,035 Australian workers, and found that 43 per cent of workers aged 18-24 admitted to faking a sick day in the past 12 months. The study, which examined 1,035 Australian workers, and found that 43 per cent of workers aged 18-24 admitted to faking a sick day in the past 12 months . The Future of Work Poll, which comes from University of Melbourne, measured how employed Australians view their work, and who is most likely to fake a sick day. Professor Peter Gahan, who directed the study, said the results have weighty implications for managers across the country. 'The people less likely to fake a sick day were workers over 45 years old or in executive and senior management positions. These more senior employees were also more likely to look forward to returning to work after their weekend,' Prof Gahan said. The results also found that fulltime employees were more likely to fake a sickie than part-time workers, and generally less likely to feel optimistic about going into work on Monday. 'The results show that if you take a sickie, you're more likely to look forward to going to work on a Monday,' says Professor Gahan. The results also found that fulltime employees were more likely to fake a sickie than part-time workers . 'This may imply that people who take 'mental health days' feel more in control of their working life, and that those who work part-time are more enthusiastic about returning to work.' The study also found that workplace leaders are much more likely than employees to look forward to work, with only nineteen percent of senior and executive managers suffering from 'Monday-it is 'compared to 42 percent of total employees. A future poll, examining small and medium businesses will be released in February in the lead up to the Future of Work 2015 conference in April.
highlights: A new poll measured how 1,035 employed Australians view their work . 43 per cent of workers aged 18-24 admitted to faking a sick day . Fulltime employees are more likely to fake a sickie than part-time workers . Workplace leaders are more likely than employees to look forward to work .
id: ef3c25849f43462fbdfe56da1c797e7914ed4a68
chatgpt: A recent poll conducted by a leading research firm has shed new light on how the Australian workforce views their jobs. Following interviews with over 1,000 employed Australians, the data collected provides insights into the attitudes and behaviours of workers across the country. The poll found that a significant number of younger workers are guilty of taking a sneaky day off work. Indeed, 43 per cent of workers aged 18-24 admitted to faking a sick day in order to enjoy an extended weekend or take care of personal matters. This trend was less common amongst older workers, with only 28 per cent of workers aged 55-64 admitting to doing the same. Interestingly, the data also revealed that full-time employees are more likely to take a sick day than part-time employees. Perhaps unsurprisingly, those in leadership roles - such as managers and executives - were the least likely to fake a sick day. Another notable finding from the poll was that workplace leaders are more likely to look forward to going to work compared to their staff. A staggering 70 per cent of managers and executives stated that they look forward to going to work, compared to only 48 per cent of employees across all job types. When asked about factors that motivate them to come to work each day, most employees cited salary and financial benefits as the main driver. However, a smaller proportion of workers stated that having a sense of purpose and feeling valued in their role were equally important motivators. Despite these findings, the poll also revealed that there is still significant room for improvement in terms of workplace satisfaction. Only 41 per cent of workers stated that they are satisfied with their current job, and only 39 per cent said that they feel fulfilled by the work they do. Overall, the poll reveals a complex and multifaceted picture of the Australian workforce. While there are clear differences in attitudes and behaviours between age groups and job types, there is a shared desire amongst workers of all stripes for greater fulfilment and satisfaction in the workplace.