article: Los Angeles (CNN) -- The alleged U.S. operative of a Mexican cartel was known as "The Pretty One." That was her alias in Mexico "La Bonita, " according to Mexican officials. This week the fugitive is back in Mexico in custody following her capture by U.S. authorities in the Los Angeles area on immigration violations. Anel Violeta Noriega Rios, 27, was the subject of a 5 million peso (about $375,000) reward by Mexican authorities and is charged in a 64-page criminal warrant issued in January 2010 in the Mexican state of Tamaulipas for alleged organized crime and drug trafficking, authorities said. Noriega Rios is an alleged member of the La Familia cartel based in the Mexican state of Michoacan, and she was one of its main U.S.-based operatives, authorities charge. The cartel is known to be "extremely violent," U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement officials said. Mexican authorities charge that Noriega Rios helped oversee the cartel's methamphetamine distribution activities in California and Washington state, ICE officials said. The cartel also is allegedly engaged in cocaine and marijuana trafficking, kidnapping, extortion and producing methamphetamine for export to the United States, U.S. officials said. ICE officers and U.S. marshals arrested Noriega Rios without incident last week at her El Monte, California, residence, about 14 miles east of downtown Los Angeles, authorities said. Noriega Rios was arrested on "administrative immigration violations," and two days later she was turned over to Mexican authorities at the border crossing in San Ysidro, California, U.S. officials said. U.S. and Mexican authorities exchanged "strategic information" that led to her capture, ICE officials said. "Mexican officials note the case also demonstrates the ongoing commitment between ICE and the Office of the General Attorney of Mexico (PGR) to address matters of mutual concern," an ICE statement said this week. U.S. Department of Homeland Security databases show that Noriega Rios had been arrested and repatriated to Mexico five times between 2004 and 2005 by U.S. Customs and Border Protection and Border Patrol agents, and she had no U.S. criminal convictions, ICE officials said. She was delivered to Mexican authorities last week after ICE officers reinstated a prior order for her removal from 2004, ICE officials said. In a statement, David Marin, acting field office director of ICE's Enforcement and Removal Operations in Los Angeles, said U.S. authorities "will continue to work closely with its law enforcement counterparts in Mexico to assure the safety of law abiding citizens in both nations." Feds: Mexican cartel launders money in US horse racing . In small-town USA, business as usual for Mexican cartels .
highlights: Anel Violeta Noriega Rios, 27, is known as "La Bonita" in Mexico . She's allegedly one of the main U.S. operatives for the violent La Familia cartel . U.S. officers arrest her on immigration violations and hand her to Mexican authorities . Mexico put a 5 million peso ($375,000) reward on her for alleged drug trafficking .
id: 81f5b4bfcc189c71c6c89bc4942eb1270fc42607
chatgpt: Mexican authorities have welcomed the arrest of Anel Violeta Noriega Rios, also known as "La Bonita," allegedly one of the key U.S. operatives of the violent La Familia cartel. Noriega Rios was arrested by U.S. officials on immigration violations and subsequently transferred to Mexican authorities.  The Mexican government had previously offered a reward of 5 million pesos (approximately $375,000 USD) for her capture. The 27-year-old is suspected of being involved in drug trafficking and money laundering for the cartel, which has been known to use violent tactics to maintain control of its operations. La Familia has been heavily targeted by both the U.S. and Mexican governments, with numerous high-ranking members having been arrested or killed in recent years. Noriega Rios was apparently a vital link between the cartel's operations in the U.S. and its base in Mexico. Her capture is seen as a major blow to the organization, which has been struggling to maintain its grip on the lucrative drug trade. Mexican authorities have lauded the joint effort between the two countries' law enforcement agencies, citing it as an example of the continued cooperation that is necessary to combat organized crime. The arrest of Noriega Rios comes amid a backdrop of heightened tensions between the U.S. and Mexico over issues such as immigration and trade. However, officials have stated that the operation was a strictly legal and apolitical matter, focused solely on bringing a suspected criminal to justice. The U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) has long been involved in efforts to combat drug trafficking in Mexico, where numerous cartels operate with impunity. La Familia is considered one of the most violent and dangerous of these organizations, having been responsible for numerous murders and kidnappings. The capture of Noriega Rios is just the latest in a series of high-level arrests of suspected cartel members, which officials hope will weaken the organizations' ability to operate. Despite these efforts, however, the drug trade in Mexico continues to flourish. Experts warn that until there is a concerted effort to address the root causes of the problem, such as poverty and corruption, the violence and instability caused by the cartels will continue to plague the country. For now, though, officials are hailing the arrest of "La Bonita" as a sign that progress can be made. Though the fight against organized crime is far from over, they say, every arrest represents a step in the right direction.