article: By . Kerry Mcdermott and Mark Duell . PUBLISHED: . 13:37 EST, 10 November 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 11:46 EST, 11 November 2012 . A 22-year-old man wanted in connection with the suspected murder of a teenage girl has handed himself in to police and was arrested this morning. Jack Wall, of Stevenage, Hertfordshire, was arrested by officers investigating the disappearance of Amelia Arnold, 19, who was last seen on Wednesday and is feared to have been murdered. Police are focusing inquiries on her home in Hadrian's Walk, Stevenage, and had released an image of Wall, who is understood to be blind in one eye and was described as having a distinctive squint. Probe: Jack Wall (left), 22, of Stevenage, was arrested by officers investigating the disappearance of Amelia Arnold (right), 19, who was last seen on Wednesday and is feared to have been murdered . Miss Arnold, 19, a hairdresser . originally from Horam, East Sussex, moved to Hertfordshire at some point . between 2008 and 2010, and attended the Sir Frederic Osborn School in . Welwyn Garden City. She is believed to have been working . as a hair stylist at The Works salon in Stevenage. Police have sealed . off a mid-terraced house in Hadrian's Walk, as forensic experts comb the . building for clues. Hadrian's Walk residents said the first they knew of anything untoward was on Saturday. One local man said: 'I noticed there was an unmarked car with three plain clothes policemen sitting in it, from about 10am. ‘Then from about 3pm or 3.30pm . forensic science people turned up and then they left. Then there was a . hell of a lot of people coming and going.' Disappearance: The missing girl, from Stevenage, Hertfordshire, has not been seen since Wednesday . DCI Redfearn had earlier appealed . directly to Wall to present himself to police, saying: 'If you are . reading this, please go to Stevenage or your nearest police station to . speak with officers.' Witnesses who may have seen suspicious . activity at the address between Wednesday and Friday are also being . asked to come forward. Mr Redfearn said: 'We’ve been speaking . with residents in Hadrian’s Walk but I would like to hear from anyone . who has been in the area between these times and believes they may have . seen or heard any suspicious activity to make contact with police. 'We would also like to appeal to . anyone who may have witnessed anyone acting suspiciously in a white . Citroen Berlingo, registration R389 VDP, in the Stevenage area since . Wednesday.’ Meanwhile, a 41-year-old man from the . local area has been arrested in connection with the investigation and is . in police custody. Sorry we are unable to accept comments for legal reasons.
highlights: Hairdresser Amelia Arnold, 19, of Stevenage, not seen since last Wednesday . Hertfordshire Police say they believe missing girl could have been murdered . Jack Wall, 22, handed himself in to police and was arrested Sunday morning . Local 41-year-old man also arrested in connection with the investigation .
id: 4c5ef0cbd9d197c6c9b4b844df1949893236c400
chatgpt: The disappearance of 19-year-old hairdresser Amelia Arnold from Stevenage has taken a worrying turn after Hertfordshire Police revealed that they believe she may have been murdered. Ms Arnold had not been seen since last Wednesday and the police had launched a desperate search for her. On Sunday morning, twenty-two year old Jack Wall handed himself in to the police and was arrested in connection with Ms Arnold's disappearance. A 41-year-old man from the local area was also arrested on suspicion of murder. Ms Arnold's family and friends have been left devastated by this development. Her father, Peter Arnold, made an emotional appeal for information. He said, "Amelia, if you're out there, please come home. We're all really worried about you and just want to know that you're safe." The police have not released any details about the investigation or the circumstances of Ms Arnold's disappearance. However, they have urged anyone with any information to come forward. Detective Inspector Fraser Wylie said, "We are appealing to anyone who might have seen Amelia or who has any information that could help us find her to come forward. We are particularly keen to speak to anyone who saw anything suspicious in the area around the time of her disappearance." The news of Ms Arnold's disappearance has sent shockwaves through the local community. Many people took to social media to express their concern and support for her family. Local hairdresser, Karen Cooper, said, "Amelia is a lovely girl and it's just heartbreaking to think that something terrible might have happened to her. We're all praying for her safe return." As the investigation continues, the police have urged anyone who might have information to contact them. They have also reminded the public to take care of themselves and their loved ones. Detective Inspector Wylie said, "We would urge everyone to be vigilant and to take care when they are out and about, particularly if they are alone." The arrest of Jack Wall and the other man in connection with the investigation has added a new dimension to the case. The police have not released any details about their possible involvement or the motive for the suspected murder of Ms Arnold. This tragic case serves as a reminder of the dangers that can lurk in our communities. Anyone with information about the case is urged to contact the police as soon as possible.