article: Israel has destroyed a Sudanese weapons factory in a bombing raid, it was claimed yesterday.Sudan vowed to take ‘decisive steps’ in retaliation against Israeli interests, which it said are now ‘legitimate targets’. The Yarmouk arms factory, in the south of the capital Khartoum, was destroyed in a series of explosions on Wednesday last week, in which two people died. Sudan immediately pointed the finger of blame at Israel, while an American monitoring group said satellite images of the aftermath of the explosion suggest the site was hit in an airstrike. The Yarmouk military complex in Khartoum, Sudan seen in a satellite image made on October 12, prior to the alleged attack . A satellite picture of the military complex after the alleged raid taken on October 25 . The images showed ‘six large  craters, each approximately 16 metres across and consistent with large impact craters created by  air-delivered munitions. They were centred in a location where, until recently, some 40  shipping containers had been stacked’, according to the Satellite Sentinel Project. There were claims yesterday that Israel attacked the factory because it was a front for manufacturing rockets and ballistic missiles for Iran. There were also reports that the raid acted as a ‘dry run’ for a forthcoming strike on Iran’s  nuclear facilities. Israel has so far made no comment on the destruction of the factory, as has become conventional when it is accused of attacking targets in nearby countries. But it has long seen Sudan as a conduit for weapons smuggled to the Hamas-ruled Gaza strip via the Egyptian Sinai desert. Sudan’s information minister, Ahmed Bilal Osman, said: ‘The sophisticated warplanes and weapons used in the attack are available to no country in the region except Israel.’ Graphic with details of a raid carried out a military complex in Khartoum . He added that Sudan would have to take ‘decisive steps’ in retaliation although this would ‘definitely’ not entail a direct strike. ‘But we have the means, we have the means of how we can reply. They killed our people... and we know how to retaliate.’ There was widespread condemnation in the Arab world yesterday over the alleged attacks, although there was no direct proof linking them to Israel. Western ‘security sources’ told the Sunday Times the bombing raid was carried out by eight Israeli F-151 planes.
highlights: Sudan vowed to take 'decisive steps' in retaliation against Israeli interests . Two people died in a series of explosions at the arms factory .
id: b98a8b153b6fe119140729dcebbf40291a9b29f7
chatgpt: Sudan has vowed to take "decisive steps" in retaliation against Israeli interests after a series of explosions at a major arms factory killed two people and injured several others. The blasts occurred at the Yarmouk Complex in Khartoum, a sprawling military factory which produces ammunition and other military equipment. The Sudanese government has accused Israel of being behind the attack, which it says was carried out by four Israeli aircraft. Israeli officials have declined to comment on the incident, but the country has long been suspected of carrying out covert operations in Sudan aimed at disrupting arms smuggling from Iran to Hamas and other militant groups in the region. Sudanese officials say that the factory was hit by four missiles and that the attack was a flagrant violation of Sudanese sovereignty. They also warn that the country will not stand idly by in the face of the attack and will take "decisive steps" to protect its interests. "This attack is a serious escalation and a clear indication that the Zionist enemy is continuing its attack against Sudan," said Presidential spokesman Omar al-Saleh. "Our response will be firm and decisive." The explosions at the factory were preceded by reports of Israeli military activity near the Sudanese-Egyptian border. Some analysts suggest that the attack may have been a response to Sudan's recent decision to allow Iranian warships to dock in Port Sudan. The Yarmouk Complex is believed to be one of the largest arms factories in the Middle East and is thought to produce a variety of weapons, including ammunition, small arms, and rockets. Sudan is a major arms exporter to other African countries, and the factory is an important source of revenue for the country's military.  The factory has been hit by similar attacks in the past, and Sudanese officials say that Israel has been involved in previous attempts to target the complex. Israel has not confirmed or denied involvement in those incidents. The Sudanese government has condemned the attack and has called on the international community to hold Israel accountable for its actions. "This is a blatant act of aggression against our country," said Minister of Information Faisal Mohammed Salih. "We call on the international community to condemn Israel's actions and to take measures to ensure that such attacks do not happen again."  The attack has raised tensions between Israel and Sudan, which have no official diplomatic relations. It also highlights the ongoing conflict between Israel and Iran, which has long sought to establish a foothold in the region and has supported militant groups opposed to Israel's existence. The incident is likely to heighten concerns about the potential for further conflict in the Middle East.