article: Calls to boycott the 2018 World Cup in Russia would be 'empty-gesture politics' and would end up as a show of weakness, according to former sports minister Richard Caborn. European Union officials, reportedly with the backing of British Prime Minister David Cameron, are considering a move to call for a boycott of the tournament as a protest against Russian actions in Ukraine. Caborn was a leading voice in the sporting boycott of South Africa during the apartheid years but believes similar action against Russia would be ineffective and that - as happened with the 1980 Moscow Olympics when the USA boycotted but a British team still competed - there would be a global split. It's our turn: Calls to boycott the 2018 World Cup in Russia have been described as 'empty-gesture politics' Controversial: A boycott of the tournament would be as a protest against Russian actions in Ukraine . Frustrated, Fabio? Capello gestures during Russia's 4-0 win over Azerbaijan in Wednesday's friendly . Wait and see: FIFA president Sepp Blatter says the footballing body will not back moving the World Cup . He said: 'Politicians often think they can institute a boycott but that can end up as being a show of weakness not of strength. 'You'll end up having the world split down the middle as happened in 1980, and that is the worst of all worlds. 'No one condones what is going on Ukraine but it would be merely empty-gesture politics from those that did boycott the World Cup. 'The sporting boycott of South Africa worked because there was a total consensus between sports and politicians - but there is not at over Russia.' FIFA president Sepp Blatter has already made it clear that the world governing body will not move the World Cup. He said at the weekend: 'We are definitely holding the World Cup in Russia. We are in a situation in which we have expressed our trust to the organisers of the 2018 and 2022 World Cups. (A boycott) has never achieved anything.' Cameron was part of the final push for England's failed bid for the 2018 World Cup and was furious that a number of FIFA members who had promised their vote reneged on their pledge. Ex-sports minister Richard Caborn says a 2018 World Cup boycott in Russia would be an 'empty-gesture' No go: FIFA president  Blatter (right) with Russia President Vladimir Putin (left) have a chat in the stands .
highlights: Calls to boycott the 2018 World Cup in Russia would be 'empty-gesture politics', according to former sports minister Richard Caborn . British Prime Minister David Cameron reportedly backs a move for a boycott of the tournament as a protest against Russian actions in Ukraine . Caborn was among those leading the sporting boycott of South Africa during the apartheid years but similar actions  would be ineffective . 'Politicians often think they can institute a boycott but that can end up as being a show of weakness not of strength,' says Caborn .
id: 6215fc3bba8459b083e073dfb9dbcf84bd9483e1
chatgpt: Former sports minister Richard Caborn has warned against calls for a boycott of the 2018 World Cup in Russia. Speaking in the wake of reports that British Prime Minister David Cameron has backed the idea, Caborn dismissed the notion as "empty-gesture politics". Although Caborn was a leading figure in the sporting boycott of South Africa during the apartheid era, he believes that similar measures would be ineffective in this case. "Politicians often think they can institute a boycott, but that can end up being a show of weakness not of strength," he said. The proposed boycott is intended as a protest against Russian actions in Ukraine, with many high-profile figures arguing that the country should be stripped of the tournament. However, Caborn believes that such a move would achieve little, pointing to the fact that sport was unable to bring down the apartheid regime in South Africa. "In South Africa, the sports boycott was part of a wider range of measures," he said. "Isolating Russia in this way wouldn't achieve anything, particularly as the rest of the world would still be trading with them." Caborn's comments were echoed by other sporting figures, who warned that a boycott would simply serve to alienate Russian sports fans and make them feel more isolated. "Boycotting the World Cup would just hurt the ordinary people of Russia who love football and who would have nothing to do with the actions of their government," said former England footballer Gary Lineker. Many political figures have also criticized the call for a boycott, arguing that it could damage relations with Russia at a time when cooperation is needed more than ever. "The best way to stand up to Russian aggression is through peaceful means, not by boycotting a sporting event," said former Foreign Secretary William Hague. Despite the controversy, the 2018 World Cup is set to go ahead as planned in Russia. Many high-profile sporting events have faced calls for boycotts in the past, but few have actually been successful. As Caborn observed, such measures are often seen as being more about grandstanding than actually achieving anything concrete.