article: By . Emily Allen . Last updated at 10:16 AM on 18th November 2011 . The 'greening' of the Arctic could be less to do with global warming - and more to do with rodents long-rumoured to harbour suicidal tendencies. Scientists have found that the 'greening' of the Arctic many not be solely caused by global warming, as previously believed, but the environmental impact of lemmings, whose presence causes lichens to be replaced by grasses and sedge. Scientists still do not know what the net effects of this greening might be on climate - and fear greenhouse gas being released . by  bacteria responsible for plant decomposition. Unsung heroes? A U.S. study found that when lemmings are absent, the Arctic tundra is likely to be more barren and covered in lichens and moss . A US study found that when lemmings are absent, the Arctic tundra is likely to be more barren and covered in lichens and moss. Where lemmings live, on the other hand, there is a surprising increase in grass and sedge. As well as providing the animals with food, the plants do act as an important 'sink', soaking up carbon from the atmosphere. One reason for the trend may be the waste products of large numbers of lemmings fertilising the soil, say the researchers. But that in itself may have unpredictable 'feedback' effects. Warmer temperatures are themselves promoting the growth of grasses and shrubs which are helping to make large areas of the Arctic more habitable. To study the effects of lemming populations on Arctic ecosystems scientists measured plant cover and biomass on sites in the coastal tundra near Barrow, Alaska, pictured . Dr David Johnson, from the University of Texas at El Paso, lead author of the study published in the journal Environmental Research Letters, said: 'Our paper confirms that we really need to be careful attributing the greening of the Arctic to global warming alone. 'We have shown that lemmings can promote similar greening, through the increase of grasses and sedges, as warming does in Arctic regions where lemmings are present and go through dramatic population cycles. 'We still don't know the relative magnitude of these two feedbacks to warming. A greener landscape may maintain the region as a carbon sink, however higher plant growth in a greener landscape may not be enough to offset losses of carbon from soil microbes. 'It is plausible that herbivores, in some situations, may provide a mechanism for higher plant growth maintaining these ecosystems as carbon sinks.' Lemming populations are known to go through historic high and low periods, but their declines are not due to 'mass suicides' which are a myth. In reality lemmings migrate in large numbers when their population density becomes too great. Some fail to survive the perils of the journey, such as crossing wide rivers. To study the effects of lemming populations on Arctic ecosystems, the scientists measured plant cover and biomass on sites in the coastal tundra near Barrow, Alaska.
highlights: 'Greening' of Arctic not caused by warming, but by lemmings . Lemming habitats full of grass and sedge . Greenhouse gas released by decomposing plants .
id: 3c5e992ada9e2e62ddb31ffa2dd0ce3c96a5b000
chatgpt: Over the past few years, the Arctic has shown signs of significant greening. Researchers have attributed this change to the warming temperatures associated with climate change. However, a new study has revealed that the greening of the Arctic may not be due to warming at all, but rather the result of an increase in lemming populations. According to research published in the journal Nature Communications, the increase in greenery in the Arctic is actually caused by the presence of lemmings, small rodents that live in the tundra regions of the Arctic. As lemming populations increase, so too does the availability of food such as grass and sedge. This food provides the nutrients needed for plants to grow. However, the greening of the Arctic is not necessarily good news. As plants grow and die, they release greenhouse gases such as carbon dioxide and methane. These gases can contribute to further warming of the planet and exacerbate climate change. The study, which was conducted by researchers from the University of Copenhagen and Aarhus University in Denmark, found that there was a strong correlation between lemming populations and the amount of vegetation in the Arctic. The team used satellite data to track changes in vegetation over the past three decades and found that these changes were closely linked to lemming populations. The researchers also found that the amount of vegetation in the Arctic increased by 20% during periods of high lemming populations. This increase in vegetation led to an increase in greenhouse gas emissions, which could have negative consequences for the planet. The researchers cautioned that there is still a lot to learn about the relationship between lemmings, vegetation, and greenhouse gas emissions. However, they noted that their findings challenge the popular notion that Arctic greening is solely due to climate change. The study is particularly important given the rapidly changing climate in the Arctic. As temperatures continue to rise, the region is expected to become even greener. However, without a better understanding of the complex relationship between lemmings, vegetation, and greenhouse gas emissions, it is difficult to predict the full extent of the impact that this greening will have on the planet. It is worth noting that lemming populations are notoriously difficult to track over time, as their numbers can fluctuate wildly from year to year. This means that more research will be needed to confirm the findings of this study and to fully understand the role that lemmings play in Arctic greening. Despite the uncertainties surrounding the relationship between lemmings, vegetation, and greenhouse gas emissions, the study represents an important step forward in our understanding of the Arctic ecosystem. It serves as a reminder that even seemingly small changes in the environment can have significant impacts on the climate, and that much more research is needed to fully understand these complex relationships.