article: (CNN) -- The European Union is stepping in to save its dairy from going sour. The EU Commission announced Thursday it will pay for temporary storage of butter, skimmed milk powder and certain cheeses in order to help its farmers deal with the impact of Russian economic sanctions. In a tit-for-tat move against Western sanctions, Russian President Vladimir Putin banned imports of most agriculture products from the U.S., the European Union, Norway, Canada and Australia. The move was in response to countries imposing economic sanctions against Russia in the aftermath of the flight MH17 disaster. The EU has already announced that it will spend $43.2 million helping peach and nectarine growers hit by the ban, followed by a $165 million aid package for certain fruit and vegetable farmers. Europe's food exports to Russia were worth $15.8 billion in 2013, making up about 10% of the bloc's agriculture exports, according to EU data. European countries sold more than $3 billion worth of dairy products to Russia in 2013 -- $1.3 billion worth of cheese, $192 million in butter and $140 million of fresh milk. The new measures will allow farmers to store their dairy products for longer. "It gives us time to find other markets to sell these products," EU spokesman Roger Waite said. The price tag on the help for milk farmers is not yet clear as details will be announced next week. "At the moment, there is no formal ceiling on butter and skimmed milk products," Waite said. But the ban of foreign food is more than just an inconvenience for Russians. Russia is the world's fifth largest agricultural importer and remains dependent on food supply from abroad -- its agricultural trade deficit extended to $26 billion in 2013, according to data from the European Commission. With billions of dollars worth of food disappearing from the market, prices are likely to go up and experts forecast increased Russian inflation, which is already running at 7.5%. Russians will still be able to enjoy European wines and spirits, as well as bread, pasta and cereals as these have escaped the embargo. In 2013, EU countries sold nearly $1 billion worth of spirits and $733 million worth of wine to Russia. Explore CNN's infographic above to see what items are likely to disappear from Russian menu.
highlights: The EU has announced new measures to support its milk farmers hit by Russian sanctions . European countries sold over $3 billion worth of dairy products to Russia in 2013 . Russia banned imports of most agriculture products from the U.S., the EU, Norway, Canada and Australia .
id: 1c931c14260199d8b8886bd4db0f94a795a13b0f
chatgpt: In response to the devastating blow suffered by its dairy farmers as a result of the Russian sanctions, the European Union (EU) has announced new measures to support these farmers. European countries sold over $3 billion worth of dairy products to Russia in 2013, which made up a significant portion of dairy exports from the EU. However, when Russia imposed an embargo on imports of most agricultural products from the U.S., the EU, Norway, Canada, and Australia, dairy farmers in Europe were hit hard. The EU's new measures are designed to provide financial support to dairy farmers who have been affected by the sanctions. The announcement was made by the European Commission, which outlined the main elements of this support package. According to the Commission, the package will provide €420 million ($477 million) to European farmers in the form of direct aid payments. The aid payments will be distributed among member states based on their production levels, with some countries receiving more than others. In addition, the Commission will also provide a package of measures designed to support farmers who wish to reduce their milk production, which is intended to help balance the market and prevent further price drops. The announcement has been welcomed by farmers' organizations across Europe, who have been struggling to cope with the effects of the Russian sanctions. "This is a major step in the right direction," said Pekka Pesonen, Secretary-General of the European Farmers' Association. "The aid payments will provide much-needed support to farmers who have been struggling to survive in the face of the embargo." According to the Commission, the package of measures is part of a broader strategy to step up support for struggling European farmers. This includes the provision of long-term loans and guarantees to farmers, as well as investment into research and innovation in the agriculture sector. Despite these efforts, however, many farmers remain concerned about the long-term impact of the sanctions on their livelihoods. "These measures are welcome, but they are only a temporary solution," said Pesonen. "We need to address the fundamental issues that are affecting our industry, such as overproduction and the need for greater market stability." Nevertheless, the EU's announcement has provided some relief to dairy farmers across the continent, who are grateful for the aid payments and the support received from their governments. For many, the struggle to cope with the Russian sanctions continues, but there is hope that the EU's measures will provide a much-needed lifeline to these farmers in their time of need.