article: (CNN) -- When James Holmes' psychiatrist warned campus police at the University of Colorado how dangerous he was, they deactivated his college ID to prevent him passing through any locked doors. After a deadly movie theater assault a month later, the question of what else could have been done hung in the air. Papers released by prosecutors Thursday are allowing a peek into the troubled mind of the alleged Aurora theater killer. They roughly trace his path from abandoning psychiatric treatment to amassing guns, clips and nearly 1,000 high-caliber or high-power bullets. Dr. Lynne Fenton told university police that Holmes talked about killing people. The warnings didn't stop the spray of gunfire weeks later, on July 20, 2012, that took the lives of 12 people and wounded dozens more at the premiere of the Batman movie "The Dark Knight Rises." It is unclear what was done with Fenton's information. Eyewitness recalls the 'darkest night' He threatened his psychiatrist . Along with the collection of firearms that police turned up with search warrants prosecutors have released, they found a Batman mask, a movie ticket receipt and detailed photos of the theater. Holmes also had "numerous photos" of himself with his hair dyed fire orange. Fenton, who works on the medical campus, contacted police in June about Holmes, according to a search warrant affidavit. "Dr. Fenton was advising that she had been treating Holmes, and that Holmes had stopped seeing her and had begun threatening her via text message," the affidavit said. Holmes mailed her a frightful package. Inside were $400 in burned $20 bills, a sticky note with an infinity sign, and a spiral notebook containing a placard. Written on it: "James Holmes, Of Life," according to the documents. Despite her warning and on top of the torment she's already endured, Fenton could face more than a dozen lawsuits that blame her and the school for improperly handling Holmes' treatment. At least 14 people have filed legal documents indicating they are planning to sue the University of Colorado Denver and Fenton for negligence. Prosecution pushes death penalty for Colorado theater shooting suspect . A long, deadly list . The prosecution documents released Thursday give a macabre portrait of the arsenal Holmes acquired before the alleged shooting: . -- Nearly 1,000 bullets or shotgun rounds; he had ordered at least six packages from Bulkammo.com at the end of June. -- Two semi-automatic pistols, one with a laser sight . -- An assault-type rifle . -- A shotgun . -- Multiple ammunition clips . -- A 90-round magazine . -- A magazine carrier . -- Paper targets . -- Materials to booby trap his apartment . -- Multiple cellphones and computers . -- Black army boots . -- A black coat . -- A black combat helmet . -- A gas mask . The next pretrial hearing in Holmes' case is scheduled for Wednesday. With numerous counts of murder, attempted murder and weapons offenses, the former doctoral student in neuroscience faces a total of 166 charges. Prosecutors, who made the documents public, want the death penalty.
highlights: NEW: Holmes' psychiatrist warned campus police he was dangerous . The former neuroscience student faces 166 charges in connection with a theater shooting . The July 20, 2012, shooting left 12 dead; prosecutors are seeking the death penalty .
id: 7834f055cce592a00fff252313953e148b33a5e6
chatgpt: In a shocking turn of events, it has been revealed that James Holmes' psychiatrist had warned campus police prior to the 2012 Aurora theater shooting that the former neuroscience student was dangerous. Holmes now faces a staggering 166 charges in connection with the tragic incident, which left 12 people dead and dozens more injured. According to court documents released earlier this week, Dr. Lynne Fenton had told University of Colorado police that Holmes had "homicidal thoughts" and was a potential danger to the public. However, it is not clear whether this information was passed on to other authorities at the time. Holmes, who was 24 years old at the time of the shooting, had been a student at the university's Anschutz Medical Campus until June 2012, when he withdrew from his neuroscience program. He had been seeking psychiatric help from Fenton, who later testified that she had tried to have him detained for evaluation in the days leading up to the attack. Prosecutors are seeking the death penalty for Holmes, who has been charged with 24 counts of first-degree murder and 140 counts of attempted murder. The trial, which has been delayed several times, is currently scheduled to begin in May 2021. In addition to the revelations about Fenton's warning, this week's court documents also shed further light on Holmes' mental state at the time of the shooting. According to a report by a court-appointed psychiatrist, Holmes had experienced delusions and believed that he was on a "mission" to kill people. The report also stated that Holmes had purchased weapons and ammunition in the months leading up to the attack, and had worked on elaborate plans for the shooting. In the months prior to his withdrawal from the university, he had also been struggling academically and had shown signs of "psychotic thinking." The Aurora shooting was one of the deadliest mass shootings in American history, and sparked renewed debate about gun control laws in the United States. In the years since the attack, dozens of similar incidents have occurred, reigniting calls for stricter regulations on firearms. The revelations about Fenton's warning are sure to further fuel those debates, with many questioning why action was not taken to prevent the tragedy from occurring. However, it remains to be seen what impact this new information will have on Holmes' upcoming trial. For now, the families of the victims are left to mourn their loved ones and grapple with the aftermath of what was undoubtedly one of the darkest moments in Colorado history. As the trial approaches, the eyes of the world will be on Aurora as justice is sought for the victims of this senseless act of violence.