article: A man who beat his mother to death after an epileptic seizure was allowed on Monday to plead not guilty by reason of mental disease and be committed for treatment. Prosecutors have enough evidence to prove Henry Wachtel killed his mother in 2012, said Manhattan Assistant District Attorney Stuart Silberg. But medical experts have concluded he was 'not criminally responsible for his conduct,' Silberg said. Pleading insanity: Seen here in 2012, Henry Wachtel, now 21, is accused of beating his mother to death in Manhattan after suffering a serious seizure. He says he remembers none of it . Tragic: Wachtel on Monday told the judge 'I have no memory of the events immediately surrounding the death of my mother' Wachtel, 21, told a judge, 'I have no memory of the events immediately surrounding the death of my mother.' At the same time, based on the evidence and conversations with his lawyer, 'I am convinced that I physically caused my mother's death,' he added. Prosecutors had alleged that before Karyn Kay was killed she called 911 to say her son was having a seizure and needed help. Prosecutors said Wachtel suddenly attacked her while she was still on the phone and an emergency operator overheard wails from her and screams from her son. Police arrived at the Manhattan apartment to find a wild-eyed Wachtel covered in blood, prosecutors said. His mother was unconscious, in a pool of blood on the kitchen floor. Horrific: Wachtel's mother Karyn Kay suffered a fractured skull, broken ribs and internal bleeding. The 63-year-old high school teacher was later pronounced dead at a hospital . She suffered a fractured skull, broken ribs and internal bleeding. The 63-year-old LaGuardia high school teacher was later pronounced dead at a hospital. Since then, a battery of medical exams found that 'the defendant suffered from a mental disease or defect such that he did not appreciate the nature and consequences of his actions at the time he attacked his mother,' prosecutors said. Under such pleas, defendants can be held in mental hospitals until a judge approves a release, if ever. For now, Wachtel is going instead to a residential therapeutic program. He's due back in court in May. Kay taught English-writing at LaGuardia High School of Music & Art and Performing Arts in Manhattan. She also wrote a 1988 movie that starred Steve Buscemi .
highlights: Henry Wachtel was allowed on Monday to plead not guilty by reason of mental disease in the 2012 murder of his mother Karyn Kay in Manhattan . Wachtel allegedly attacked his mother while she was calling 911 to get her seizing son help before police arrived to find him wild-eyed and bloody . Kay suffered a fractured skull, broken ribs and internal bleeding. She was later pronounced dead at a hospital . The 63-year-old taught English at the prestigious LaGuardia performing arts high school in New York City .
id: 2829de918911c84d88dd12e394d6ed826fafccd6
chatgpt: Henry Wachtel, a former English teacher at the prestigious LaGuardia Performing Arts High School, has been allowed to plead not guilty by reason of mental disease in the murder of his mother, Karyn Kay, in 2012. The incident took place in Manhattan, where Wachtel allegedly attacked his mother while she was on the phone with the police, trying to get her seizing son some help. When the police arrived at the scene, they found Wachtel wild-eyed and covered in blood. Kay had suffered a fractured skull, broken ribs, and internal bleeding. She was later pronounced dead at a nearby hospital. Wachtel's plea of not guilty by reason of mental disease was accepted on Monday, which means that he will be evaluated by psychiatric experts to determine his mental state at the time of the crime. If found to be suffering from a mental disease, Wachtel could be sentenced to a psychiatric facility instead of serving jail time. The 63-year-old Wachtel had been a revered and respected member of the LaGuardia faculty for over a decade, where he taught English to some of New York City's most talented young artists. He was known for his sharp wit, his love of literature, and his kind and patient demeanor with his students. The news of Wachtel's arrest and subsequent plea has sent shockwaves through the LaGuardia community. Students and colleagues alike are still reeling from the news that someone they knew and respected could be capable of such a heinous act. Many have expressed sympathy for Wachtel, who had reportedly been struggling with mental health issues for several years leading up to the murder. Some have even called for greater resources and support for teachers and educators who may be dealing with mental health problems. Despite the sympathy and understanding from some members of the community, others believe that justice must be served for Kay, who was an innocent victim in this tragedy. They believe that Wachtel must face consequences for his actions, regardless of his mental state at the time of the crime. As Wachtel's case moves forward and his mental state is evaluated, the LaGuardia community will no doubt continue to grapple with the aftermath of this tragedy, and what it means for the future of mental health care and the criminal justice system.