article: (CNN) -- Sebastian Vettel led home teammate Mark Webber as Red Bull claimed a 1-2 in the Malaysian Grand Prix on Sunday. Red Bull have claimed all three pole positions so far this season, with German Vettel heading the grid in the first two races and Webber starting first at Sepang, but had been hit by reliability issues priot to Sunday's race. However, they finally got their reward this time around, with Vettel outpacing his Australian colleague after the first lap, holding on for a comfortable victory. Formula One standings after three races . "It was a great race for us and a great result for the team after the last two races when we just didn't get the results we wanted," Vettel told reporters. Mercedes driver Nico Rosberg claimed third place -- although it proved another disappointing race for seven-times world champion Michael Schumacher who was forced to quit the race early because of suspension problems. The grid had a lop-sided look to it due to Saturday's dramatic qualifying session which was hit by heavy rain. This meant the two dominant teams, Ferrari and McLaren, were both towards the rear of the field as the race began and had to weave their way through slower cars in order to get amongst the top 10 for some world championship points. McLaren's former world champion Lewis Hamilton drove superbly to battle his way to sixth position, after starting 20th, while Ferrari's Felipe Massa finished seventh and current world champion Jenson Button was eighth. Meanwhile, Bahrain GP winner Fernando Alonso, who led the championship going into the race, saw his race ended on the penultimate lap due to an engine problem with his Ferrari -- after he had tried to overtake Button. With Alonso failing to finish in the top 10, therefore missing out on world championship points, Massa's seventh-placed finish proved enough for him to steal the overall lead from his Ferrari teammate . The Brazilian, who has returned to F1 this season after suffering head injuries in an horrific crash last season, lies on 39 points, two ahead of Alonso and Vettel who are tied for second place. But this season promises to be one of the closest ever with only nine points separating the top seven after three different winners -- Alonso, Button and Vettel -- in the first three races.
highlights: Sebastian Vettel beats Red Bull teammate Mark Webber to win Malaysian GP . Vettel had started on pole position for the first two F1 races of the season . Felipe Massa finishes seventh but overtakes Fernando Alonso to lead overall .
id: 5ccadc9e32f089fa7bf643e2a57be9e7d7ce9432
chatgpt: Sebastian Vettel cruised to victory at the Malaysian Grand Prix, beating out his Red Bull teammate Mark Webber to claim top honors. The German racer had secured pole position for the first two F1 races of the season with flawless driving and top-notch racecraft. His victory marked his second consecutive triumph in the Malaysian Grand Prix. With his latest win, Vettel demonstrated his dominance on the circuit, and he proved he's a force to be reckoned with this season. Not only did he outperform Webber, but he also managed to hold off a hard charge from Ferrari's Fernando Alonso. Although Alonso and his teammate Felipe Massa carried higher expectations coming into the season, it was Massa who emerged as the surprise leader after overtaking Alonso to the top of the overall standings. Massa finished the Malaysian GP in seventh place, which allowed him to claim the overall lead based on points. While he probably wasn't thrilled with his finishing position, the Brazilian can take solace in the fact that he's been one of the most consistent performers thus far. Indeed, he's been among the top 10 in both races this season, and his consistent efforts will likely keep him in the title hunt all season long. As for Alonso, the Spaniard finished in third place, but he was certainly disappointed with the result. He entered the Malaysian GP as the favorite, and many thought he would bounce back from his opening day defeat in Australia to claim victory. Unfortunately for him, Vettel and Webber proved to be too much to handle. Even so, Alonso remains one of the favorites to win the championship this year, and he'll undoubtedly be motivated to get back on track in the next race. Overall, the Malaysian GP was a thrilling race that kept fans glued to their seats until the final lap. Vettel's victory was well-deserved, and it marked another milestone in his already impressive career. As for Massa, his rise to the top of the standings is a testament to his perseverance and resilience, and he'll undoubtedly be looking to build on his impressive form in the weeks to come. In conclusion, the Malaysian GP was another fascinating installment in what promises to be a thrilling F1 season. With Vettel, Alonso, and Massa all pushing hard for the title, fans will undoubtedly be treated to plenty of exciting racing in the weeks and months ahead.