article: In sting operation last July, undercover FBI agents gained access to a hotel suite by disabling the hotel's Internet, and then posing as Internet repair technicians. Now one of the suspects who was charged in the sting is crying foul. At Caesar's Palace, a casino hotel on the Strip in Las Vegas, FBI agents deliberately cut off the Internet for a suite used by Paul Phua, a high-stakes gambler. Then, they showed up at the suite and made a bogus service call. On their undercover video, you can hear the imposters asking their targets what the trouble is. "Good morning. We're going to see if we can get the DSL working again," one of them says. But during the visit, the agents were actually videotaping the hotel room and its occupants in secret, looking for evidence of online gambling. Phua was subsequently charged with operating an illegal gambling business, some of which was allegedly conducted using the computers set up at the hotel. Authorities allege he is a high-ranking member of the 14-K triad, an Asian crime syndicate. But he is fighting the charges, saying they are based on evidence collected under false pretenses, and that any evidence obtained through a warrantless search based on deception should be tossed out. "The evidence is the fruit of a flagrant violation of the Fourth Amendment," his lawyers said in a court filing. The FBI declined to comment, referring inquiries to the prosecutor's office in Las Vegas. The prosecutors' office said it will respond in court to the complaint, but could not comment to the media on a pending case. But former FBI Assistant Director Tom Fuentes, who served on the agency's review committee for undercover operations for five years, said undercover operations are carefully reviewed before they are conducted, including by agency lawyers. "The idea that the entire division went rogue and ran this operation without FBI headquarters' concurrence, or senior executive management concurrence and approval, and the United States attorneys, it just doesn't sound right to me," Fuentes said. He also said a citizen might not be able to expect the same right to privacy in the common room of his hotel suite, as he would at home in his bedroom. But Tom Goldstein, an attorney for Phua, says the public should be concerned that authorities are trying to surreptitiously conduct searches, using a service interruption as a pretext. "The danger here is that agents will cut off not only the Internet, but your electricity, your phone, your cable television," said Goldstein, "or at least, you'll worry that it's the government -- every time you have a problem in your house -- that maybe it's an undercover agent that responds."
highlights: The FBI was investigating online gambling . Agents disabled the Internet at a hotel suite used by a suspect . Posing as technicians, the agents videotaped the room and its occupants in secret . Attorney: If citizens call for for repair "maybe it's an undercover agent that responds"
id: 3972cf646de6ae0d4d6d0f9512fbe19cace5671d
chatgpt: The FBI has come under fire for its tactics in investigating an online gambling ring operating out of a hotel suite. Agents reportedly disabled the Internet at the location used by a suspect in order to gain access to the room and its occupants. The suspect's attorney has called the agents' methods "outrageous" and warned that citizens could inadvertently be providing cover for undercover operations. The incident occurred last week, when FBI agents arrived at the hotel room where the suspected gambling activity was taking place. According to reports, the agents pretended to be Internet technicians, telling hotel staff that they needed to shut down the Internet in order to perform repairs. Once inside the room, agents reportedly set up video equipment to record the activities of the suspects. It is unclear how long the investigation lasted or what evidence, if any, was obtained. The suspect's attorney has criticized the FBI's tactics, calling them "outrageous" and a violation of his client's rights. He has also expressed concern that citizens could unwittingly be used to provide cover for undercover investigations. "If citizens call for repair, maybe it's an undercover agent that responds," the attorney said. "It's outrageous that the FBI would use these kinds of tactics to gain access to a suspect's private space." The FBI has not commented on the specifics of the case, but a spokesman defended the agency's right to use "all lawful means available" to investigate criminal activity. "Sometimes, covert surveillance is necessary to obtain evidence of criminal activity," the spokesman said. "We always take care to ensure that our methods are legal and ethical, and that we operate within the bounds of the law." However, civil liberties advocates are concerned that the FBI's actions in this case may have crossed the line. The American Civil Liberties Union has called for an investigation into the incident, saying that the use of secret video surveillance raises serious questions about privacy and due process. "This kind of behavior by law enforcement is deeply troubling," the ACLU said in a statement. "We need to have a full accounting of what happened and whether the FBI's methods were legal and constitutional." The FBI has faced criticism in the past for its use of surveillance and other tactics in its investigations. In 2013, former National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden leaked classified documents revealing the extent of the agency's domestic surveillance programs, sparking a national debate over privacy and civil liberties. For now, the FBI's tactics in the online gambling investigation remain the subject of controversy and scrutiny. As civil liberties advocates continue to push for greater transparency and accountability from law enforcement agencies, the debate over the balance between security and privacy shows no signs of abating.