article: A Los Angeles family whose house was firebombed early Wednesday, causing $200,000 worth of damage, said they considered moving away, convinced they were the targets of a hate crime. But Ronald and Malissia Clinton have chosen to stay after being inundated with support from the local community in Manhattan Beach. The couple believe there is no other reason for the attack - where a gasoline-filled tire was set alight, blowing out the front of their house at 2.30am - other than the fact they're black. 'I don't have proof, I don't have any type of motive, but I do have a gut,' Mr Clinton told My Fox LA. Scroll down for video . Targeted: Ronald and Malissia Clinton believe their family was targeted as part of a hate crime . Damage: The firebomb caused $200,000 worth of damage to the $3.5 million Manhattan Beach Home . Fire: A firebomb went off out front of the home about 2.30am Wednesday . Smashed: The family said they heard two explosions before realizing the house was on fire . Upset: Mr Clinton said his 'gut' tells him they were targeted . 'And I tell you- my gut tells me this was racially motivated. 'And it was somebody that had the intent to harm, injure or even kill us.' Adding to The Daily Breeze, Mr Clinton said: 'I just know there is no other reason to target us. 'We have no enemies. Why us?' Manhattan Beach's population is 84 percent white. Mr Clinton, a pharmacist, was sleep when the attack occurred. He said he woke to the sound of at least two explosions. His wife, a corporate lawyer, was away on business. He quickly got his three children up, grabbed the family dog and ran outside. He then used a garden hose to douse the flames at the front of the house until firefighters arrived to finish the job. Support: Hundreds turned out to show support for the Clinton family at a vigil on Friday night . The house was bought in 2013 for $3.5 million. The fire department confirmed the incident was arson. Mr and Mrs Clinton said their first reaction was to move. 'The first thing Ron said is, ''Maybe we gotta move'',' Mrs Clinton said. 'Maybe this is not safe.' Thankful: Mrs Clinton, a lawyer, thanked the community for their support . Vigil: Members of the community brought candles to the vigil . But on Friday night, hundreds gathered in Manhattan Beach, most of them carrying candles, to show their support for the Clinton family. 'This is not what our community is all about and we're going to get the person who did this,' Manhattan Beach Mayor Wayne Powell told ABC 7. 'It was just amazing to see the turnout,' Mr Clinton added. Police are investigating and hope to catch the persons responsible.
highlights: Manhattan Beach home of Ronald and Malissia Clinton was firebombed about 2.30am by a tire filled with gasoline . The couple, who have three children, believe they were targeted . Hundreds of members of the community turned out at a rally on Friday .
id: a555887c89ef5900a85f19ccb351f6bc23d97658
chatgpt: The serene environment of Manhattan Beach in Los Angeles County was disrupted in the early hours of Friday, as the residence of Ronald and Malissia Clinton was attacked. Their home was firebombed with a tire filled with gasoline at about 2:30 am on Friday, causing significant devastation to the property. The couple, who reside in the three-bedroom house with their three children, strongly believe they were the target. They have no idea what could have led to the attack, but Malissia Clinton said that they have been subjected to some intimidation in the past. Thankfully, no one was injured in the incident. The news of the attack quickly spread, and hundreds of concerned residents from the community turned out at a rally on Friday to show their support for the family. They carried placards with inscriptions that read, "Stop the Violence," "Community Solidarity," and "We Stand with the Clintons." The residents came from diverse backgrounds, and they sang solidarity songs while calling for an end to the senseless violence that has ravaged the country. The Manhattan Beach Police Department has launched an investigation into the incident, and they have promised to track down the perpetrators of this heinous crime. The police have also stepped up surveillance in the neighborhood to deter a recurrence of such an attack in the future. The Manhattan Beach Mayor, Richard Montgomery, who also came out to address the community during the rally, called for calm, stating that investigations were ongoing. He also assured the residents that the authorities would leave no stone unturned in bringing the culprits to justice while calling for unity among the people.  This attack on the Clinton family's home is a gruesome reminder of the insecurity that plagues communities across America. It is not the first time that violence has occurred in Manhattan Beach, and residents are beginning to question the level of security in the area. Meanwhile, the Clinton family has moved out of their home to an undisclosed location temporarily. They have thanked the community for their support and pleaded with everyone to remain vigilant and report any suspicious activity around their homes. In conclusion, it is yet another sad story of violence and insecurity that continues to threaten the peace of American communities. The attack on the Clinton family is a wake-up call to all concerned citizens to come together and demand an end to this senseless violence. The community rally is a great first step, and there needs to be more of such peaceful demonstrations to show that violence is not the way to resolve conflicts. It is time to unite against the common enemy of violence and insecurity.