article: Most people see a nice cut of beef and think, "Gee, I should hold a barbecue this weekend." Other people see raw meat as the perfect place to hide drugs. A 24-year-old man was arrested at Mineta San Jose International Airport in California after airport security officials discovered about 3 pounds of cocaine smuggled inside raw meat in his checked luggage, according to the Transportation Security Administration. The man was attempting to travel with his raw meat/cocaine combo from San Jose, California, to Seattle on November 8, the TSA said. "TSA's screening procedures, which are governed by federal law, are focused on security and are designed to detect potential threats to aviation and passengers," spokesman Ross Feinstein wrote in an email. "As is common practice, TSA notified the San Jose Police Department (Airport Division) of the discovery, who responded and took possession of the cocaine," Feinstein said. The TSA screens every bag that will eventually enter a plane, whether it is checked or the passenger carries it on board. Though officers are looking for bombs and other devices that can take down a plane, they also often find other illegal items. The airport screening process shows that passengers often creatively try (and fail) to smuggle illegal substances through security. A woman flying out of New York's John F. Kennedy International Airport in September attempted to hide two .40 caliber handguns and 33 pounds of marijuana inside baby wipes, coffee, floor dusting sheets, lemonade mix, iced tea mix, a box of cat litter and a box of laundry tablets, according to the TSA. In May, the agency said, a woman departing Oakland International Airport tried getting three bags full of 81 pounds of marijuana past TSA officials. One particularly creative passenger scooped out the middle of a jar of peanut butter and replaced it with marijuana, according to the TSA blog. Drugs aren't the only product that people are trying to bring on board without permission. In a more scholarly approach to smuggling, an old book was hollowed out to make room for a handgun at Honolulu International Airport in March 2012. The TSA is catching passengers with more guns than ever before. The 1,855 firearms seized from passengers' carry-on luggage in the first 10 months of this year has surpassed the 2013 total  of 1,813 seized firearms, Secretary of Homeland Security Jeh Johnson said in a statement. Of those 1,855 firearms, 1,471 were loaded, Johnson said. Crazy things Americans tried to take on planes in 2013 .
highlights: The TSA says a passenger in California tried to smuggle cocaine in raw meat . Three pounds of cocaine were found and confiscated . Agency says books, peanut butter and cat litter have been used to smuggle items .
id: c1d8edba3bcf96f8137adfa1e5ef3d252582bf3c
chatgpt: A passenger at the San Francisco International Airport attempted to smuggle three pounds of cocaine in raw meat, according to the Transportation Security Administration (TSA). The TSA caught the smuggler in the act and confiscated the drugs before they could be brought on board the plane. This is just the latest example of creative methods used by drug smugglers in an attempt to avoid detection by airport security. The TSA says that smugglers have used a variety of items, including books, peanut butter, and cat litter, to conceal illegal substances. San Francisco International Airport is one of the busiest airports in the United States, serving millions of passengers every year. The TSA has a difficult job in trying to detect illegal substances in such a large and busy facility. However, they are able to use advanced technology, such as body scanners and X-rays, to detect suspicious items. The TSA also employs specially trained dogs that can sniff out drugs and other illegal substances, even when they are cleverly hidden. Their keen sense of smell allows them to detect even tiny amounts of drugs that might otherwise go unnoticed. In this case, the TSA was able to catch the smuggler because of their diligent screening process. They discovered the cocaine hidden inside the raw meat using X-ray machines and other methods. If the smuggler had been successful in getting the drugs on board the plane, they could have caused harm to themselves and others. Cocaine is a highly addictive drug that can cause serious health problems. The TSA is warning passengers to be aware of the methods that drug smugglers use to conceal illegal substances. They advise travelers to pack their own bags and to avoid carrying items for other people. They also encourage passengers to report any suspicious activity or items that they see at the airport. The TSA takes their job very seriously and is constantly working to improve their screening methods to keep travelers safe. They are aware that drug smugglers are always looking for new ways to avoid detection, so they are constantly adapting their techniques to stay ahead of the game. Travelers should be aware that attempting to smuggle drugs is a serious crime that can result in severe penalties. The TSA works closely with law enforcement agencies to identify and prosecute drug smugglers. Those caught smuggling drugs can face fines, imprisonment, and permanent bans from flying. In conclusion, the recent discovery of three pounds of cocaine hidden in raw meat at the San Francisco International Airport highlights the ongoing battle between the TSA and drug smugglers. While smugglers may be creative in their methods, the TSA is equally resourceful in their efforts to keep illegal substances off of planes. Travelers should be aware of the dangers of drug smuggling and should report any suspicious activity they see at the airport.