article: (Sunset) -- The old warehouses of Portland's Pearl District are home to increasingly cool cultural diversions. Spend a weekend browsing the neighborhood's art galleries, snack on a pumpkin-pie cupcake and enjoy dinner and a show. The Gerding Theater at the Armory has been transformed after its $36 million eco-renovation. Take it home . If prices in the Pearl's posh galleries put a damper on your holiday gift giving, head to the Pacific Northwest College of Art for its annual student-art sale. Future famous artists sell surprisingly sophisticated gifts reflecting their fields of study: one-of-a-kind monotypes and screen-printed cards, jewelry with semiprecious stones, gorgeous oil paintings and thought-provoking metal sculptures. Catch a show . The once-vacant, castlelike Gerding Theater at the Armory has been transformed after its $36 million eco-renovation. For people-watching, sip wine in the loft overlooking the lobby, then settle in for Portland Center Stage's one-man play "R. Buckminster Fuller: The History (and Mystery) of the Universe." Sunset.com: Life in the Pearl . One-stop gallery hop . Who cares if it's raining when you have the DeSoto Building/Museum of Contemporary Craft -- four fine art galleries and an innovative museum under one roof? Hit the museum's Holiday Shoppe (December 3-January 4) for funky felt rings and handcrafted ornaments. Great Pearl eats . Wild rice-smoked duck breast is steps from the Gerding Theater at Ten 01. Or try Isabel; we like the brown rice and tofu bowl with peanut sauce. Then there's 50 Plates, a casual bistro serving all-American classics. Sunset.com: Green in Portland . A twist on pumpkin pie . Warm up for T-Day with a luscious pumpkin pie cupcake filled with pumpkin cream at Cupcake Jones, a grab-and-go bakery. (Then place your order for Thanksgiving dessert.) WANT MORE ENTERTAINMENT? (Portland's got it) For budding theater buffs . Kids will eat up the juicy Oregon Children's Theatre production of Roald Dahl's classic "James and the Giant Peach," while you'll get a kick out of the high-flying special effects and dry humor. For small-stage premieres . See classics and local playwrights' works on one of Artists Repertory Theatre's two intimate stages. Get some comic relief during the hectic holidays with Marc Acito and C.S. Witcomb's "Holidazed," a humorous look at modern families coping with old-fashioned Christmas traditions. For indie-film fans . The Northwest Film Center presents themed series, retrospectives and annual film festivals. The Portland International Film Festival, held in February, features nearly 100 films from more than 30 countries. Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com . Copyright 2004-2008 Sunset magazine. All rights reserved.
highlights: Check out Pacific Northwest College of Art's annual student art sale . Settle in to watch a play at the renovated Gerding Theater at the Armory . Stop for dinner at 50 Plates, a casual bistro serving all-American classics .
id: 49588f27e11132228bca365312086110b70f2f7b
chatgpt: Portland, Oregon - The Pacific Northwest College of Art's annual student art sale is back and better than ever. The event, which takes place every year, showcases the talents of the college's art students and allows the public to purchase unique and affordable pieces of art. This year's sale features works from over 50 students, including paintings, sculptures, prints, and photographs. Visitors to the sale can browse the collection and meet the artists behind the pieces. With prices ranging from $20 to $500, there is something for everyone at this special event. After perusing the student art sale, why not head over to the Gerding Theater at the Armory to catch a play? The recently renovated theater is a historic landmark in Portland, and the new upgrades make it a must-see destination for theater lovers. One of the current productions on offer is "The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time," a Tony Award-winning play that follows a young boy with an extraordinary mind as he tries to uncover the mystery surrounding his neighbor's murdered dog. With rave reviews and talented cast members, this show is not to be missed. If hunger strikes after the play, take a short walk down to 50 Plates, a casual bistro serving all-American classics. With a menu featuring dishes such as mac and cheese, burgers, and fried chicken, this eatery is the perfect spot to relax after a day of art and entertainment. The cozy atmosphere and friendly service make it an ideal place for a solo meal or a group gathering. And for a sweet finish to the evening, the dessert menu offers classic options such as apple pie and brownies with ice cream. Overall, a day spent exploring the arts and culture of Portland is not complete without a stop at the Pacific Northwest College of Art's student art sale, a performance at the Gerding Theater at the Armory, and a meal at 50 Plates. So why not take advantage of these local gems and experience all that Portland has to offer?