article: Los Angeles (CNN) -- Authorities intensified their investigation Tuesday into a mystery at Los Angeles International Airport: Who's behind the explosions of dry ice in containers for two days in a row? For the moment, police say they don't believe terrorism is at work. No injuries have been reported in the explosions. "This appears to be an internal job, maybe a labor dispute or a prank," said Los Angeles Police Deputy Chief Michael Downing. "But we do take this very seriously. This is along the lines of planting a pipe bomb. "It's a destructive device. The detonation or possession of a destructive device is a felony," Downing added. The incidents demonstrated that LAX has vulnerabilities, Downing said. The airport is the sixth busiest in the world and third busiest in the United States, according to its website. "I think it does reveal a vulnerability that we're gonna shore up and that is that you have cameras in public access areas," Downing said. "We should also have cameras in restricted access areas to maintain the integrity of the security system." Los Angeles police Detective Gus Villanueva said there's "no nexus to terrorism at this point." The FBI has been called in, though Los Angeles police are the lead investigating agency, said FBI spokeswoman Laura Eimiller. "There's no established motive based on the evidence, and there is no articulated threat associated with the various incidents. Until a suspect or suspects are identified, it would be difficult to comment on motive," Eimiller said. When asked if the explosions were a prank, she said: "There are many reasonable theories in a situation like this, and none have been ruled out." Dry ice, which is carbon dioxide in solid form, is used as a refrigerant for meats and ice cream, especially when shipped in a box. When dry ice becomes warm, it transforms into vapor. The more recent incident occurred at 8:30 p.m. Monday at the Tom Bradley International Terminal, airport police said. CNN affiliate KCAL said the blast took place in an employee restroom, inaccessible to nonemployees. Three plastic bottles containing dry ice were found, but only one had exploded, Villanueva said. Police and bomb experts cleared the scene by about 9:45 p.m., KCAL reported. There were no injuries, and no flights were delayed. On Sunday, dry ice in a plastic bottle exploded in an employee restroom at the airport, causing a brief shutdown of Terminal 2, the FBI said. No injuries were reported, and Terminal 2 resumed operations after a brief evacuation. The airport has nine terminals. CNN's Paul Vercammen contributed to this report.
highlights: NEW: Incidents at LAX "reveal a vulnerability that we're gonna shore up," deputy chief says . NEW: LAX should have cameras in public access and restricted areas, police say . "This appears to be an internal job, maybe a labor dispute or a prank," police say . Dry ice, used for shipping meats and ice cream, turns directly to vapor when warmed .
id: 75cd8d5fe3def2a8216f4b009a874977965ffe80
chatgpt: The Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) is currently facing increased scrutiny following multiple incidents that occurred on its premises this week. Airport officials are now focused on shoring up vulnerabilities in its security measures to prevent such incidents from happening again. Deputy Chief Horace Frank has noted that the incidents have exposed some flaws in the airport’s security measures. “What these incidents have done is reveal a vulnerability that we're gonna shore up,” he said during a press conference on Wednesday. The incidents in question involved the use of dry ice, which is commonly used for shipping purposes, particularly for meats and ice cream. As it turns out, dry ice can also be used for nefarious purposes, as demonstrated by these incidents. On Monday and Tuesday night, two separate incidents involving dry ice were reported at the airport. The first incident occurred when a dry ice bomb exploded in a restroom located in Terminal 2. The second incident involved a dry ice bomb that was found unexploded in a Terminal 4 storage area. Airport police have indicated that these incidents may have been an “internal job” possibly related to a labor dispute or a prank. They are currently investigating the matter and are yet to make any arrests. In light of these incidents, LAX police have recommended that the airport install cameras not only in public access areas but also in its restricted areas. The installation of cameras in such areas would help improve surveillance and make it easier for law enforcement officials to identify perpetrators. “Taking a look at how we can incorporate additional cameras in areas that we normally wouldn't have cameras in,” Frank stated. “I think it's a wise move for us to take a closer look at the need for more cameras in those areas where people do not have access.” Dry ice is a particularly concerning substance because of its unique properties. When heated or left to sit at room temperature for too long, dry ice turns to vapor without leaving behind any residue. This makes it difficult to determine who may have been responsible for using it in such a manner. Despite the potential threat posed by dry ice, it is not currently regulated as a hazardous material by the Department of Transportation. This means that it can be transported and handled without any special precautions. In the wake of these incidents, LAX officials are urging the DOT to reconsider this policy and to develop a stricter set of regulations for handling and transporting dry ice. Overall, these incidents have underscored the importance of maintaining tight security measures at airports. LAX officials are promising to take steps to shore up vulnerabilities in their security measures, and police are continuing their investigation into these incidents.