article: A 63-year-old retired man in California has been charged with the 1989 stabbing death of a transgender woman at her home. Police say Douglas Gutridge, 37 at the time, killed 35-year-old Carla Salazar in Santa Ana. He spoke to detectives in the aftermath of the crime — and while DNA evidence linked him to the scene nearly six years ago, there wasn't enough evidence to file charges until a new cold case team stepped in. 'A case isn't just made on just forensic evidence,' said Chief Carlos Rojas, of the Santa Ana Police Department. Douglas Gutridge (left),63, has been arrested a quarter century after he allegedly stabbed to death 35-year-old Carla Salazar (right) at her home in Santa Ana, California . Christine McFadden (pictured), a friend of victim Carla Salazar, said she had given up on the justice system, but never gave up on Salazar, whom she loved like a sister . The motive for the killing is not clear, but investigators believe the pair had a brief, consensual relationship. Salazar was killed on June 28, 1989, and had been seen in an elevator with a man earlier that night evening. She was reported missing after missing work, and was found stabbed to death by a friend and her apartment manager, the Los Angeles Times reported. Gutridge was arrested last week and is being held on $1 million bail. He faces 25 years to life in prison if convicted. Gutridge (left) was first interviewed in the aftermath of the stabbing in 1989, but police didn't have enough evidence to charge him. Chief Carlos Rojas (right), of the Santa Ana PD, says a cold case taskforce has used new technology to re-examine crucial DNA evidence and get enough for an arrest . Close friend Christine McFadden (in red), was shaken up Thursday as she told reporters about Salazar's murder . One of Salazar's closest friends, Christine McFadden,she never thought they'd find a suspect, but learning an arrest had been made gave her hope. 'We gave up on the justice system but we never gave up on her,' she said. Gutridge is expected back in court on January 2.
highlights: California police say they have solved the 1989 stabbing death of Carla Salazar, a phone operator in Santa Ana who was killed in her own home . Douglas Gutridge, 63, spoke to detectives in the aftermath of the crime but could not be charged because of a lack of evidence . New technology has linked Gutridge's DNA to the scene of the crime . Prosecutors say Gutridge had a brief and consensual relationship with Salazar, though a motive for the killing remains unclear . Gutridge is being held on $1 million bail and faces 25 years in prison if convicted .
id: b423babd796a76710428a2b81362cabb059b592a
chatgpt: After 32 years of investigation, California police say they have finally solved the murder of Carla Salazar, a phone operator who was stabbed to death in her Santa Ana home in 1989. Authorities have arrested Douglas Gutridge, 63, and say that new DNA technology has linked him to the crime scene. Gutridge had spoken to detectives in the aftermath of the murder, but at the time there was not enough evidence to charge him. However, advances in DNA testing have allowed authorities to pursue the case anew, and this new evidence led to Gutridge's arrest. Prosecutors say that Gutridge and Salazar had a brief and consensual relationship, but the motive for the killing remains unclear. The crime was brutal, with Salazar being stabbed multiple times in her own home. It has been a cold case for decades, but with the help of forensic technology, police were finally able to bring closure to Salazar's family and friends. Gutridge is now being held on $1 million bail and faces up to 25 years in prison if convicted. The Santa Ana Police Department has hailed the arrest as a major victory in the fight against unsolved crimes. "Our hearts go out to the family of Carla Salazar, who have waited for justice for over three decades," said Santa Ana Police Chief David Valentin. "We hope that this arrest will bring them some measure of closure." The use of DNA evidence to solve cold cases has become increasingly common in recent years, with new forensic techniques allowing authorities to solve crimes that were previously unsolvable. While some have expressed concerns about privacy and civil liberties in relation to these techniques, there's no denying that they have led to closure for many families and justice for many victims. The arrest of Douglas Gutridge in the murder of Carla Salazar is just the latest example of how advanced forensic technology is helping to bring cold cases to a close. It's a powerful reminder that even the most heinous crimes can be solved with perseverance, the right tools, and a commitment to justice.