article: Kabul, Afghanistan (CNN) -- Eight NATO troops were killed in Afghanistan Thursday, bringing the number of foreign troop deaths in the past two days to 14, the International Security Assistance Force said. An improvised explosive device attack killed three service members in the west, and two died in an insurgent attack in the south. One died after an insurgent attack in the east, one died in an insurgent attack in the south and another was killed in an IED attack in the south. It's the first time since August 30 that so many international troops have been killed in hostile incidents in Afghanistan in a single day, according to CNN records. On that day, seven Americans, a Canadian and an Estonian were killed. On Wednesday, six foreign troops were killed. ISAF has not announced the nationalities of any of the recently slain, in line with policy leaving identification up to the victims' home countries. Forty-one coalition service members have died this October in Afghanistan so far. It's the deadliest year of the nine-year-old war for foreign troops. The number of coalition service members killed so far in 2010 now stands at 587. The highest monthly coalition death toll occurred in June, with 103 foreign troop deaths, a figure that includes Americans and service members other nations. In July, 65 Americans died, the highest monthly death toll for U.S. service members. The deaths come at a time when the war has become a subject of fierce debate in the United States and other countries that have contributed troops to the war effort. Gen. David Petraeus, who took command this summer as the top military official in Afghanistan, led the 2007-2008 campaign to stabilize Iraq after years of insurgent and sectarian warfare following the U.S. invasion of 2003. Meanwhile, Afghan and ISAF forces killed several insurgents and detained many others Wednesday in the Nahr-E Saraj district of Helmand province, ISAF reported Thursday.  And in Ghazni province, troops killed a Taliban senior leader and improvised explosive device expert, ISAF said. CNN's Joe Sterling contributed to this report .
highlights: 14 foreign troops have died in the past two days . ISAF hasn't announced the nationalities of the victims .
id: 28d3d9f6e5f073c395e7e1e7bce3bd7f7b70c174
chatgpt: In the past two days, 14 foreign troops have lost their lives in Afghanistan, reported by the ISAF. The ISAF, however, has not announced the nationalities of the fallen soldiers. The attacks seem to have taken place in the eastern neighbourhoods of the country. With no confirmation on the identities of the soldiers, the number of casualties is expected to be updated soon. The recent incidents have only added to the persisting violence that the country has been facing for several years now. Even with the ongoing peace negotiations between the Afghan Government and the Taliban, the country has been witnessing a noticeable surge of violence lately. The Taliban, on their end, had promised to reduce their attacks after the peace agreement was signed. The United States had agreed to reduce its troops' presence to 2,500 by January as part of the peace pact with the Taliban. However, with the current situation, and the Taliban's refusal to pledge a non-violent transfer of power, it is hard to predict the future course of action for the US troops in the country. The ISAF comprises of troops from most western countries, including the USA, Belgium, the UK, Turkey, and Italy. The loss of lives of foreign soldiers is not only a setback for their respective countries but also hampers Afghanistan's chances to achieve stability. The conflict in the country has been persistent, and the ongoing peace talks have failed to deliver a significant result yet. However, the recent spurt of attacks has once again raised concerns about the security conditions in the country. The deteriorating security situation paired with the COVID-19 pandemic is making it hard for those residing in the country to live a stable life. The lack of transparency behind the recent attacks, particularly the identities of the fallen soldiers, is expected to cause apprehension amongst the troops' friends and families. Countries around the world are likely to keep a close watch on the situation to understand the next course of action by the ISAF. As of now, the situation in Afghanistan remains tense, and the country continues to suffer from relentless violence.