article: By . David Martosko, U.s. Political Editor . Alabama congressional hopeful Will Brooke blows holes into a copy of the Affordable Care Act with three different guns in a new campaign ad, saying he wants to 'see how much damage we can do to this copy of Obamacare.' Before resorting to a wood chipper decorated with a campaign sticker, the Republican candidate fires at the 1,000-page health insurance law with a .40 caliber Glock pistol, a .270 caliber Cooper rifle and an AR-15. SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO . 'Let's do some damage': Will Brooke has some fun exercising his Second Amendment right to shred a paper copy of Obamacare with hot lead . President Barack Obama was elected to the White House -- twice -- by promising to implement Obamacare, and now many Republicans are running on the promise of blasting it to bits . Yes, it's an AR-15: the congressional hopeful in a red state uses the much-maligned high-power rifle to blast hole after hole into the stack of paper . The Daily Caller was first to report on the controversial campaign video, but Brooke isn't the first to put guns in a political campaign ad. West Virginia Democratic Sen. Joe Manchin famously blew a hole in President Obama's favored 'cap and trade' climate change bill in an ad that helped get him win a 2012 special election after the death of Sen. Robert Byrd. Manchin's home state is the nation's second-largest coal producer, trailing only Wyoming. In Alabama, Brooke is trying to appeal to voters who prize the Second Amendment and also dislike Obamacare by a massive margin. He's running to replace the retiring Rep. Spencer Bachus. In the ad, he builds a custom wooden box to serve as a target holder before shooting three guns at it. None of them is able to penetrate the entire thick stack of paper. 'For those who have already been hurt by the law here in Alabama, it's anything but funny,' says Brooke of the increasingly controversial Obamacare scheme . The final insult: All 1,000-plus pages of the Affordable Care Act go into a wood chipper . Ultimately, he resorts to using a wood chipper to shred it, while saying that 'we'll have to resort to more extreme measures to get rid of Obamacare, and replace it with a market based solution.' In a statement after the ad appeared online, he said it 'shows that we can have fun with a serious subject, but for those who have already been hurt by the law here in Alabama, it’s anything but funny.' In the June 3 primary that will likely serve as a proxy for the general election in a bright red state, Brooke will face orthopedic surgeon Chad Mathis, Alabama Policy Institute founder Gary Palmer and State Rep. Paul DeMarco.
highlights: Alabama Republican distinguishes himself in a crowded primary field by firing three guns at the Affordable Care Act . Each time, the bullet hole only penetrates part of the 1,000-page stack of paper . So Will Brooke, who wants to replace the retiring GOP Rep. Spencer Bachus, tosses the whole printout into a wood chipper .
id: 7f4fb10586d3e8b20ca4025216e400754fd313b7
chatgpt: In the midst of a crowded primary race to replace retiring GOP Rep. Spencer Bachus, Republican candidate Will Brooke has made a name for himself in an unusual way. Rather than simply advocating for the repeal of the Affordable Care Act like many of his opponents, Brooke took matters into his own hands by literally firing shots at the law. Brooke's unique approach has garnered both attention and controversy. In a recent interview, he shared the story of how he fired three guns at a 1,000-page stack of paper representing the Affordable Care Act. Despite his aim, each bullet hole only penetrated a portion of the stack. Undeterred, Brooke took drastic action by feeding the entire printout into a wood chipper. The move was meant to symbolize his commitment to destroying the controversial healthcare law, which has been a major point of contention among Republicans since its passage in 2010. Brooke's bold stance on healthcare has drawn both praise and criticism. Some supporters have hailed him as a hero for taking such a strong stand against the Affordable Care Act. Others, however, have criticized Brooke for being reckless and potentially dangerous. Critics have questioned the wisdom of using guns to make a political statement, particularly in an era when gun violence is a major concern across the country. Some have also pointed out that Brooke's actions seem to undermine his own arguments for smaller government, since destroying a law would require government intervention. Despite the controversy, Brooke maintains that his actions were necessary to draw attention to the problems he sees with the Affordable Care Act. In his view, the law represents government overreach and a threat to individual freedom and choice. Brooke is one of several Republicans vying for the seat in Alabama's 6th Congressional District. The crowded primary field includes a number of other candidates who are also campaigning on promises to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act. Regardless of the outcome of the primary race, Brooke's unique approach to the healthcare debate has ensured that his name will be remembered by voters. Whether or not his tactics will ultimately prove successful remains to be seen, but there can be no doubt that he has succeeded in getting people talking about his campaign.