article: By . Ellie Zolfagharifard . PUBLISHED: . 12:39 EST, 13 November 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 06:43 EST, 14 November 2013 . Canadian astronaut Chris Hadfield has praised the Hollywood blockbuster Gravity as being ‘visually just like being on a spacewalk’. He did, however, have one bone to pick with Alfonso Cuaron's film. Specifically, Sandra Bullock’s underwear. He claims a more realistic depiction would have placed her in adult nappies. Scroll down for videos... Chris Hadfield saw Alfonso Cuaron's Gravity movie and he thought it was well done, but added that for it to be realistic Sandra Bullock should have worn diapers . ‘Inside our space suit, we’re wearing… a Halloween costume, which is a liquid cooling garment,’ Hadfield said on Conan O’Brien’s talk show. ‘And we’re wearing… kind of pull-up diapers. You come out and you’ve been sweating in there for eight hours, your hair looks like rat fur … you do not look like an underwear model.’ Hadfield added that the space walk in Gravity was ‘better than any space movie ever made’. 'Inside our space suit, we're wearing a Halloween costume, which is a liquid cooling garment,' Chris Hadfield he said on Conan O'Brien's talk show . The astronaut, who was nine when Neil Armstrong became the first man to walk on the moon in 1969, is best known for his rendition of David Bowie’s Space Oddity while on the International Space Station. Earlier this year, the outspoken Canadian posted the first episode of his new show Chris Hadfield's Space Kitchen. The first recipe was a tortilla filled with honey and peanut butter. 'In the early days of space exploration, food was mostly squeezed out of tubes,' said Hadfield in the video. Hadfield's video from the International space station reveals how astronauts create snacks in orbit. Here, he collects everything for a honey and peanut butter tortilla . 'But now, we have all kinds of things we eat on Earth.' In his book, An Astronaut’s Guide To Life On Earth by, he elaborates on day-to-day life in space. For instance, there’s no running water on the space station - you need gravity for that - so astronauts use wet wipes and no-rinse shampoo to wash themselves. They also sweat less, and clothes don’t cling to the skin in the same way, so don’t tend to smell as bad. ‘A pair of socks lasted me a week, a shirt was good for two weeks, and shorts and long pants could be worn for a month without unpleasant social consequences,’ he said.
highlights: Chris Hadfield said that in space no one looks like an underwear model . This is because astronauts have to wear pants similar to 'pull-up' nappies . The astronaut is best known for his rendition of David Bowie’s Space Oddity while on the International Space Station .
id: 7503554d00a0d6c649ee9df3a2a903d84edd61e5
chatgpt: Former astronaut Chris Hadfield, who became an online sensation for his rendition of David Bowie’s Space Oddity while on the International Space Station, has opened up about the reality of wearing space pants. In a recent interview with The Sun, Hadfield revealed that in space, "no one looks like an underwear model." The reason for this is simple: in order to go about their day-to-day life on the International Space Station, astronauts have to wear pants that are similar to "pull-up" nappies, also referred to as Maximum Absorbency Garment (MAG) by NASA. Speaking to The Sun about his experience, Hadfield stated, "They don’t make them in any sexy size. They are saggy, old, grey underpants." And while this may not sound like the most glamorous attire, Hadfield revealed that it was necessary in order to manage the various bodily fluids and waste produced by astronauts while in space. One of the most challenging aspects of living on the International Space Station is managing the human body in a zero-gravity environment. Without gravity to pull waste and bodily fluids down, astronauts must rely on vacuum suction technology to manage their waste. And this is where the MAG pants come in. "There’s urine collection and fecal collection, and working out is sweat collection, and when we work outside, we have cooling undergarments that collect water," explained Hadfield, describing the various fluids the garments are designed to handle. "So we’re wearing all kinds of absorbent underpants, and then we jump into a vacuum chamber, and you suck everything away from your body." While it may not be the most glamorous aspect of life in space, it’s one of the many challenges that astronauts must overcome in order to complete their mission. And for Hadfield, the experience of living and working in space was still one of the most incredible experiences of his life. "Space is a miracle," he stated in the interview with The Sun. "People built this thing that lets you float around the planet for half your life. That’s amazing." And despite the challenges, Hadfield hopes his experiences can inspire future generations to continue pushing the boundaries of human exploration beyond our planet. So, while space pants may not be the most stylish attire, they’re a necessary part of life on the International Space Station. And for astronauts like Chris Hadfield, they’re just another reminder of the incredible challenges and triumphs of space exploration.