article: KHARTOUM, Sudan (CNN) -- (CNN) -- Fighting resumed Tuesday in a disputed oil-rich town in Sudan, threatening to reignite a calamitous civil war which ended three years ago. Fresh fighting in Sudan over an oil-rich town has raised fears civil war could again erupt. Fresh fighting in Sudan over an oil-rich town has raised fears civil war could again erupt. UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon deplored the fighting between the Sudanese military and troops with the Sudan People's Liberation Army. The SPLA fought a rebellion against the government for more than 20 years until both sides signed a peace deal in 2005. The deal's Comprehensive Peace Agreement ended a north-south civil war that killed about 2 million people and displaced more than 4 million others. An impasse over the boundaries of the town of Abyei is a major reason the peace agreement has not been fully implemented. Fighting erupted in Abyei on May 13. It resumed Tuesday despite a cease-fire and has "resulted in the destruction" of the town "and the displacement of between 30,000 and 50,000 people," the secretary general said in a statement. Don't Miss Sudanese opposition leader arrested Sudan cuts ties with Chad after attack Darfur rebels advance on Sudan capital, their leader says "If the situation is not urgently addressed, the achievements thus far of the Comprehensive Peace Agreement could be placed at serious risk," he said. The civil war in Sudan, which started in 1983, pitted a northern government dominated by Arab Muslims against black Christians and animists in southern Sudan. That conflict was not directly related to ongoing violence in the Darfur region of western Sudan. Human rights groups and United Nations say the Sudanese military armed and trained Arab militias in Darfur after a rebellion erupted in 2003. They say the military and militias have engaged in widespread killing, rape and forced displacements in Darfur as they battle about rebels who have splintered into roughly a dozen groups. One of those groups staged a daring attack this month near the Sudanese capital, Khartoum. The government said it quashed the attack. Nearly 300,000 people have been killed and 2.5 million displaced in Darfur in the last five years, the UN says.
highlights: Fighting in disputed oil-rich Sudan town raises fears of return to civil war . Up to 50,000 people displaced by latest outbreak of fighting . Despite cease-fire agreement Abyei has been destroyed and deal is at risk .
id: c2b471e60bff44b6681e2121707d3a11eb20c427
chatgpt: The long-standing conflict over the oil-rich Abyei region in Sudan has once again flared up, prompting fears of a return to civil war. The latest outbreak of fighting has seen up to 50,000 people displaced, as both sides engage in a brutal battle for control of the town. Despite a recent ceasefire agreement, the situation has deteriorated rapidly in Abyei. Reports indicate that the town has been all but destroyed, with widespread damage and destruction wrought by the fighting. The latest round of fighting in Abyei has raised fears that the fragile peace agreement between the north and south of Sudan is at risk of collapse. The region has long been a contentious point of dispute between the two sides, with both claiming ownership of the oil-rich area. The UN mission in Sudan has called for an immediate end to the fighting, warning that it could lead to a larger conflict that could destabilize the entire region. The international community has also expressed concern over the situation in Abyei, with many calling for swift action to resolve the crisis. The Sudanese government has vowed to take all necessary measures to restore peace in the region, but many analysts say the situation is bleak. The recent wave of violence in Abyei has further complicated the already fragile peace agreement between Sudan and South Sudan, which ended a long and bitter civil war that claimed the lives of millions. Many residents of Abyei have fled the town in fear for their lives, seeking shelter in nearby refugee camps. The UN has been working to provide assistance and support to those displaced by the violence, but resources have been stretched thin in the region. The situation in Abyei remains fluid and unpredictable, with tensions running high and the risk of a larger conflict escalating rapidly. The international community has called for both sides to exercise restraint and work towards a peaceful resolution of the conflict, but the road ahead is long and uncertain.  In conclusion, the unrest in the oil-rich town of Abyei, which was supposed to be under a ceasefire agreement, has threatened to engulf the region into another cycle of violence. The situation has become tense, and the international community has called for restraint and dialogue between the warring parties. The affected citizens have been forced to flee their homes, in search of safety. Ultimately, a peaceful conflict resolution process should be encouraged to avert a possible continental disaster.