article: By . Rob Cooper . Last updated at 7:56 AM on 13th October 2011 . Accused: Jamie Waylett, who played a bully at Hogwarts, was allegedly caught in possession of a petrol bomb during the London riots . Harry Potter star Jamie Waylett has been charged with being in possession of a petrol bomb during the London riots this summer and threatening unlawful violence. When police arrested the actor, 22, they also say they found 15 cannabis plants growing in his bedroom. He played Draco Malfoy's sidekick Vincent Crabbe in the Harry Potter films alongside Emma Watson, Daniel Radcliffe and Rupert Grint. He appeared in six of the movies about the boy wizard - but was not involved in the final film after his character was written out. Waylett is also accused of handling a bottle of champagne that had allegedly been looted from a Sainsbury's store in Chalk Farm, North London. He is the most high-profile person known to have been arrested in connection with disorder which swept across the capital. He is accused of carrying out the offences on August 8. Police allegedly found the cannabis plants when they raided his property on September 20. He has been released on bail on condition that he lives with his mother in a north London flat. He has a 7pm to 7am curfew. The actor will appear again before Highbury Corner Magistrates' Court on November 11. The Metropolitan Police have now arrested almost 3,000 people in connection with riots in the capital. Waylett, left, in role of Hogwarts bully Vincent Crabbe, watches as Draco (Tom Fenton) makes a paper plane in Harry Potter And The Prisoner Of Azkaban . The front of a bicycle shop is trashed during rioting in Chalk Farm, North London. The Metropolitan Police have now arrested almost 3,000 people in connection with riots in the capital . He has been charged with having a petrol bomb, threatening unlawful violence, receiving stolen goods and cultivating cannabis. The charges allege that he was in possession of the petrol bomb and had intent to destroy or damage property. Waylett denied the offences at a plea and case management hearing. Violence spread across the capital after father-of-four Mark Duggan was shot dead by police.
highlights: Police 'found 15 cannabis plants' when arresting him . Jamie Waylett also accused of handling a stolen bottle of champagne .
id: afe851d71a3976b3d503be13fb40f47b590f37ec
chatgpt: Jamie Waylett, a former star of the Harry Potter film franchise, has been arrested by police in the UK after being found in possession of cannabis plants and a stolen bottle of champagne. According to reports, police found 15 cannabis plants in Waylett's possession when they arrested him. The actor has been a well-known figure since his role as Vincent Crabbe in the Harry Potter films, but has since been involved in numerous legal cases, including theft and drug possession charges. In this latest case, it is alleged that Waylett stole a bottle of champagne from a pub in Camden, North London. After being apprehended by police, he was subsequently charged with handling stolen goods and drug possession. The discovery of the cannabis plants came as a surprise to many, as Waylett has not been known to be involved in drug-related activities in the past. However, it is unclear whether the plants were intended for personal use or for distribution. Waylett is not the first Harry Potter star to be involved in a legal case. In 2018, actor Jamie Lloyd was sentenced to jail time for running a cannabis farm. Lloyd, who played the character of Seamus Finnigan in the film series, was convicted of growing more than 800 plants in a warehouse in High Wycombe. The Harry Potter franchise has been one of the most successful film franchises of all time, grossing over $7.7 billion worldwide. However, the actors who starred in the series have not always found success beyond the wizarding world. Waylett, in particular, has struggled to find work in recent years. He was not included in the final installment of the Harry Potter films and has only appeared in a handful of productions since then. Despite his legal troubles, Waylett remains a popular figure among Harry Potter fans, many of whom have taken to social media to express their support for him. It remains to be seen what the outcome of this latest legal case will be for Waylett, but it is clear that the actor's troubles with the law are far from over. His next court appearance is scheduled for later this year.