article: Luis Moreno Jr., 26, was arrested for kidnapping after police pulled him over and discovered  two hostages in the back of his SUV . A New Jersey man was arrested for kidnapping after police pulled him over for apparently driving solo in a carpool lane and discovered two men were being held against their will in the back of his SUV. Luis Moreno Jr., 26, was pulled over by Port Authority cops on Friday shortly after 8am when he appeared to be driving alone as he entered the carpool lane approaching the George Washington Bridge on I-95 in Fort Lee, New Jersey. Moreno told an officer he had two passengers sitting in the back of his 2002 Toyota Sequoia, which had a Texas license plate, and rolled down the rear driver's side window so the policeman could see two men seated in the third row of the SUV, reported New York Daily News. The officer let Moreno go. But just as he began to pull away one of his passengers hung out of the open window and began yelling for help, a police spokesman said. Moreno kept driving after the officer  ordered him to stop, but was soon  stuck in thick rush-hour traffic. More Port Authority officials arrived on the scene and ordered him to shut off his car. Officers interviewed one of Moreno's passengers, a 33-year-old man, in Spanish. The man said Moreno had picked him up in Texas and agreed to drive him to Maryland for a fee. But on arrival Moreno had demanded more money than initially agreed. When the man was unable to pay Moreno locked the doors, took the man's cell phone away and began driving towards New York. When police inspected the vehicle they discovered Moreno had disabled the locks for the rear window and doors, giving only the driver the ability to control them. One passenger said Moreno had agreed to drive him from Texas to Maryland for a fee. But when they arrived Moreno demanded more money, and then took away the man's cell phone and locked him in the SUV when he couldn't pay . Language barriers prevented officials on the scene from communicating with Moreno's second passenger, a 24-year-old Asian man who did not speak English. Personnel from the U.S. Department of State were then called and the man revealed he had also been held against his will. Moreno, who is wanted on numerous parole violations in Texas, was arrested at the scene and his car was impounded by Port Authority police. Moreno has been charged with kidnapping and criminal restraint, as well as receiving stolen property and driving with a suspended license. He is being held in jail and his bail is set at $1million.
highlights: Luis Moreno Jr. was driving in a carpool lane when he was pulled over . Officers let him go when he showed he had two passengers in back . But as he pulled away one passenger yelled out for help . Moreno tried to drive off but got stuck in rush hour traffic . He was arrested and charged with kidnapping and criminal restraint .
id: 12a20169920e564475111ce215a2b8bae64a6f38
chatgpt: Luis Moreno Jr., a resident of New Jersey, found himself in a strange and terrifying situation as he was pulled over by officers while driving in a carpool lane. Luckily, Moreno had two passengers in the back, which allowed him to escape with just a warning. However, things quickly took a sinister turn when one of the passengers yelled out for help just as Moreno was driving away. Despite his attempts to ignore the cries for help and drive off, Moreno was trapped in rush hour traffic and subsequently arrested on suspicion of kidnapping and criminal restraint. The situation left many local residents shocked and outraged as they read about the incident in the news. According to sources familiar with the case, Moreno had apparently picked up two strangers in the carpool lane, claiming that he needed passengers to use the lane. However, it is alleged that Moreno had other motives for picking up the pair, and that he had planned to kidnap them from the outset. Thankfully, one of the passengers was able to alert authorities to their predicament, and Moreno was apprehended before any harm could befall the victims. However, the incident has left many wondering about the dangers of carpooling, and whether stricter measures need to be put in place to protect commuters. Local authorities have urged residents to exercise caution when picking up strangers in carpool lanes, and to report any suspicious behavior to the authorities. While carpooling is often seen as a greener and more efficient way to travel, it is important for individuals to be wary of potential dangers, and to prioritize their safety above all else. As for Moreno, he has been taken into custody and is currently awaiting trial on charges of kidnapping and criminal restraint. If found guilty, he could face a lengthy prison sentence, and the victims will hopefully be able to find some peace and closure after their traumatic experience. The incident has highlighted the need for greater awareness and precautions when it comes to carpooling, and serves as a stark reminder of the potential dangers that can lurk on our roads. As commuters, it is important to remain vigilant and aware of our surroundings, and to report any concerning behavior to the authorities. Only by working together can we ensure the safety of ourselves and our fellow travelers.