article: Sunderland's wait for a win will extend into October for a second season in a row, but their former loanee Ki Sung-yeung believes players and supporters should keep faith in Gus Poyet. Swansea midfielder Ki enjoyed a successful loan spell under the Uruguayan last season. ‘Sunderland fans need to be patient because it will all be worth it in the end,’ he said. Swansea midfielder Ki Sung-yeung (left) is sure Gus Poyet is the right man for Sunderland . Poyet is under pressure with the Black Cats yet to win in the Premier League this season . Sunderland and Swansea have gone more than six hours between them without a league goal . ‘When Gus came in he tried to build a team with a passing game. Last year sometimes it worked and sometimes not. ‘The players have to keep listening to what Gus has to say. Don’t forget Swansea have had this style a long time now and it doesn’t happen straight away. It takes time to get it right.’ The home side rallied in the wake of Angel Rangel’s 80th-minute dismissal for two bookable offences but the closest they came was a pair of wayward headers from misfiring frontmen Connor Wickham and Steven Fletcher, both still without a league goal this season. But Swedish midfielder Seb Larsson is refusing to panic. Angel Rangel (right) is given his marching orders for Swansea against Sunderland . Connor Wickham (left) and Steven Fletcher are yet to score in the league this season . But midfielder Sebastian Larsson insists now is not the time to panic . ‘I’m not worried yet,’ he said. ‘It depends on how you choose to look at it. You could say we have not won a game, but on the other hand we have lost just one. ‘I believe if we keep performing like that we will pick up enough points.’ Swansea boss Garry Monk argued that the length of the grass affected his side’s passing game. ‘It was not as conducive to playing flowing football as we are used to,’ he said. ‘I am not saying that is the reason we didn’t play well but it obviously contributed.’ Garry Monk was satisfied with a point at the Stadium of Light after his team was reduced to 10 men .
highlights: Second season in a row Sunderland have not won a Premier League game until October . Swansea midfielder Ki Sung-yeung believes Sunderland should keep faith with Gus Poyet . South Korean midfielder enjoyed a productive loan spell at the Stadium of Light last season . Angel Rangel sent off for Swansea but visitors hold on for goalless draw .
id: 1caa47ebd6dd5857ace053326ee7610b11acb6ec
chatgpt: Sunderland's start to the new Premier League season has been a cause for concern as they once again failed to register a win until October, making it the second season in a row for the club. However, Swansea midfielder Ki Sung-yeung believes that the Black Cats should keep faith with their manager, Gus Poyet, despite their poor form. Ki Sung-yeung, a South Korean midfielder, enjoyed a productive loan spell at Sunderland last season, and his insights into the team could prove useful. The midfielder spoke highly of Poyet's managerial skills, and believes he is the right man to steer Sunderland out of their current predicament. Sunderland's struggles were highlighted in their recent goalless draw against Swansea, a game in which Angel Rangel was sent off for the visitors. Despite the numerical advantage, Sunderland could not find the net and had to settle for a point. The draw means Sunderland sit at the bottom of the Premier League table with just two points from their first eight games, and fears of another relegation battle are starting to surface. However, Ki Sung-yeung believes that things will turn around, and has urged the Sunderland fanbase to keep the faith. In an interview with Sky Sports, Ki Sung-yeung said: "I think Gus is a really good manager. His philosophy is really good, and he plays good football. I think they need to keep faith with him and give him time to turn it around." Sunderland's next game sees them take on Arsenal, and Poyet will be hoping for a positive result to kick-start their season. The Black Cats' struggles have not gone unnoticed, and they will need to find a way to start winning games if they are to avoid a relegation battle. Ki Sung-yeung has urged Sunderland fans to stick by the team, saying: "It's not going to be easy, but they have to keep supporting the team. They need to stay positive and help the players, and I'm sure they will turn it around." There are still 30 games to be played in the Premier League this season, and Sunderland have plenty of time to claw their way back up the table. With the backing of their manager and the support of their fans, the Black Cats will be hoping to bounce back after a tough start to the season.