article: Every day Sportsmail takes a look at the European papers to see what are the biggest stories creating talking points on the continent. Diego Costa seems like he might be up for this World Cup. The Atletico Madrid striker was pictured on the front of Marca moodily holding a heart and proclaiming his 'pride' at being picked in the Spain squad. Vincent Del Bosque chose his men to head to Brazil this month, with the paper's headline screaming '23 Hearts and one dream'. Ready to go! Spain announced their 23-man squad on Saturday, with Marca and AS (right) both leading on it . Wanted men: Barcelona have identified six targets while Juventus have told Arturo Vidal he's going nowhere . Costa will be fit and wants to play in their friendly against El Salvador in Washington on Saturday to prove himself. Staying in the country of the world champions, Mundo Deportivo outlines the six players Barcelona are chasing this summer as Luis Enrique attempts to arrest the slide of the last 12 months. The club are reported to have made a £31million bid for Manchester City's Sergio Aguero, while the paper also claim Barca are keeping tabs on Paris Saint-Germain's Marquinhos, Atletico's Koke and Fiorentina's Juan Cuadrado. Enrique is also said to be looking at Jeremy Mathieu at Valencia and Real Sociedad goalkeeper Claudio Bravo. It was all rather more fiery over in Italy on Sunday morning. Arturo Vidal has been told by Juventus boss Antonio Conte that he won't be going anywhere - despite interest from Barca and rivals Real Madrid - in Tuttosport. Mixed fortunes: Italy reacted to Riccardo Montolivo's injury while France paid homage to Jonny Wilkinson . Roma are holding a similar line with their central defender Mahdi Benatia as they slap a £50million price tag on the Manchester City target. La Gazzetta Sportiva focuses on the horror injury suffered by Riccardo Montolivo during their 0-0 draw against Ireland at Craven Cottage on Saturday night. The central midfielder will miss the World Cup as the paper moans: 'Montolivo - oh noo!' Jonny Wilkinson's last hurrah was celebrated with gusto in the French press, with L'Equipe using England's 2002 World Cup winner as their splash picture.
highlights: Barcelona are chasing Koke, Sergio Aguero and Jeremy Mathieu . Juventus have told Arturo Vidal he is going nowhere . 'Oh nooo!' screams Italian headline on Riccardo Montolivo injury . Jonny Wilkinson stars on the front of the French papers .
id: efda9ab85694b78bbac4f1ba023f34178ae7cc0d
chatgpt: Barcelona are ramping up their effort to bolster their squad as they chase three key targets in the transfer market. Koke, Sergio Aguero, and Jeremy Mathieu are all on the radar for the Spanish giants, who are looking to add depth and quality to their squad as the new season approaches. Koke, who plays for Atletico Madrid, has been identified as the primary target for Barcelona. The midfielder has been in scintillating form over the last few seasons, and his performances have caught the attention of top clubs across Europe. Barcelona are said to be willing to pay a premium fee to secure his services. Sergio Aguero, the Manchester City striker, is also said to be of interest to Barcelona. The Argentine has been one of the most consistent goalscorers in the Premier League over the past few seasons and his ability to link up with Lionel Messi, his fellow countryman and Barca superstar, could make him an irresistible prospect for the Spanish giants. Barcelona are also keen on bringing in Jeremy Mathieu, the Valencia defender. The Frenchman has been a rock at the heart of the Valencia defence and his versatility to play across the backline has caught the eye of Barcelona's head coach, Luis Enrique. However, Barcelona could face a tough challenge in landing their targets, as European heavyweights Juventus have told Arturo Vidal that he is going nowhere. The Chilean midfielder has been linked with a move away from the Italian champions, with Arsenal and Manchester United also keen on securing his services. Juventus' determination to keep hold of him could throw a spanner in the works for Barcelona. Meanwhile, the Italian press has been left in a state of shock following the news of Riccardo Montolivo's injury. The AC Milan captain suffered a broken leg in the friendly match against Ireland, which has ruled him out of the World Cup. The headline in one Italian newspaper screamed, "Oh Nooo!" in response to the injury. Finally, in France, rugby legend Jonny Wilkinson has been the talk of the town. The former England fly-half starred in his final match for French side Toulon, as they claimed their second consecutive European Champions Cup title. Wilkinson's heroics saw him grace the front pages of the French papers, as he bid farewell to the sport in style. As the transfer window heats up and the world of sport continues to make headlines, Barcelona's pursuit of Koke, Sergio Aguero and Jeremy Mathieu will be closely watched by fans and experts alike.