article: Spain defender Sergio Ramos is refusing to wallow in the pain of Friday’s 5-1 drubbing by Holland and will use it instead as a motivation for their next game. The world champions cannot afford to lose against Chile at the Maracana on Wednesday and Ramos insists their Dutch horror show will help them. ‘I’m not going to spend another second thinking about that match,’ said the Real Madrid defender, who was given the runaround by Robin van Persie and Arjen Robben. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Casillas pushed hard in training with Reina and De Gea available . Running out of time? Ramos (centre) trains with Costa (left) and Busquets on Saturday . Is that wheelie appropriate? Sergio Ramos appears to take a break from training and ride his bike . ‘This team has experience and has been through bad times. It has been able to come back from setbacks like this. That makes it great.’ One setback was losing against Switzerland in their first game at the 2010 World Cup, a tournament they went on to win. With Chile beating Australia in their first game, the pressure is on Spain again and Fernando Torres accepts there is little room for error. Spanish inquisition: the defending world champions had plenty to ponder after defeat to Holland . Looking forward: Fernando Torres knows Spain can't afford to drop points against Chile on Wednesday . The Chelsea striker said: ‘Your opponents know you have to win. You can’t afford to draw and they’ll try to make the most of any anxiety we might have.’ Ramos dismissed suggestions that Spain were at a disadvantage against Holland because they had been training in the milder south for a match in steamy Salvador. ‘We are training here in good temperatures, in good conditions and with good facilities,’ he said. ‘If we’d won, you wouldn’t be talking about this subject.’ After his howler against Holland on Friday night, calls have grown in Spain for manager Vicentre Del Bosque to drop keeper Iker Casillas. The pair were spotted talking as Spain trained on Saturday and Casillas certainly didn't look happy after Del Bosque walked away (bottom).
highlights: Spain thrashed 5-1 by Holland on Friday in opening World Cup game . World champions lost first game against Switzerland at 2010 World Cup . Fernando Torres admits Spain must now beat Chile on Wednesday .
id: e487490f788e40efb0e74b1f98b29dcfc0730929
chatgpt: Spain's World Cup campaign got off to a disastrous start as they were thrashed 5-1 by Holland in their opening game on Friday. This defeat follows their loss at the 2010 World Cup, where they lost their first game against Switzerland. The reigning world champions found themselves a goal down within the first ten minutes of the game as Holland's Robin van Persie scored an impressive diving header. The Spanish team, however, managed to equalize soon after with a goal from Xabi Alonso from the penalty spot. Despite the draw, it was Holland who dominated the game, scoring four more goals in the second half. Arjen Robben scored twice and Stefan de Vrij and Wesley Sneijder both added their names to the scoresheet. The heavy defeat has put immense pressure on the Spanish team, who now face a must-win game against Chile on Wednesday. A loss in this game would see them crash out of the competition at the group stage, an unthinkable outcome for a side that had been tipped to go all the way. Fernando Torres, who started the Holland game on the bench, admitted after the match that Spain had been well beaten and that they now had to perform against Chile. "We have no excuses," he said. "We have a very important game against Chile now that we need to win." Spain's coach, Vicente del Bosque, also acknowledged that his side had been outplayed by Holland. "We were not at our best," he said. "We made mistakes that we usually do not make and Holland took advantage of that." The defeat also raises questions about the future of the Spanish team. Many of the players who helped Spain to win the World Cup in 2010 are now in their thirties, and some have suggested that it may be time to blood some younger players. The Spanish team will have to regroup quickly if they are to avoid an early exit from this year's World Cup. They know they will need to improve their performance if they are to stand a chance against a Chile team who will be looking to capitalize on Spain's poor performance against Holland.