article: GLEN BURNIE, Maryland (CNN) -- At his GM dealership in suburban Washington, Maury Wilkins exudes calm as he gears up for an enormous challenge: protecting his decades-old family business. Zero-percent financing is one way Maury Wilkins and other GM dealers are trying to lure new buyers. With General Motors teetering on the edge of bankruptcy, Wilkins says luring customers back into his showroom boils down to two factors. "Everything is confidence and perception," Wilkins told CNN in a recent interview. Confidence in the beleaguered General Motors Corp. is exactly what President Obama hopes to restore. Even as he forced out GM's CEO Rick Wagoner in late March, the president also made an extraordinary pledge. "If you buy a car from Chrysler or General Motors, you will be able to get your car serviced and repaired, just like always," Obama announced from the White House a week ago. "Starting today, the United States government will stand behind your warranty," the president said. Some critics have blasted that promise as untenable. "That's pie-in-the-sky," says William Holstein, author of "Why GM Matters: Inside the Race to Transform an American Icon." "If General Motors goes away, how is the government ever going to maintain the network of suppliers?" asks Holstein. Noting there are "four or five thousand moving parts in a vehicle," Holstein wonders, "How is the government going to maintain this incredible infrastructure of suppliers to make sure that every part, every body panel is available for years after General Motors goes away?... It's impossible." GM dealer Wilkins sees the government's guarantee as a consumer confidence-builder. Still, he's concerned about slumping sales figures. Nationwide, auto sales dropped 37 percent in March compared with a year ago. Wilkins' business was not immune. Though he says he's not in crisis mode, he does have contingency plans.  Watch report from CNN's Elaine Quijano on Wilkins » . "Our business model is 'what if, what if, what if,'" Wilkins said, adding, "if all these things are outside of our control, how do we make sure that we maintain our profitability?" That means extra attention to facets of his business besides new-car sales, including used-car sales, service and parts, and collision repair. Already, Wilkins believes car sales have turned a corner. He says February was one of his dealership's best months. It was the result, he believes, of business adjustments he made, including altering inventory stocks. Wilkins also says credit for car buyers is finally beginning to loosen. Potential customer Jim Lally says that's what drew him into the showroom the day CNN visited. "I heard about the zero-percent financing and the exceptional deals that are being offered right now," Lally said. While Lally hadn't decided on whether to buy a GM, his visit was another reason for Wilkins' cautious optimism, as his business tries to weather the economic storm.
highlights: Suburban Washington GM dealer Maury Wilkins trying to lure back customers . He supports Obama's guarantee: "Everything is confidence and perception" Wilkins focuses on used-car sales, collision repair, service and parts . Wilkins says adjustments started paying off in February, one of his best months .
id: ca970a11f5590a3db1d27ce1e51e526b9d0eec13
chatgpt: Maury Wilkins, the owner of a suburban Washington GM dealership, is focused on luring back his customers. He has been implementing certain adjustments to build customer confidence in the dealership. His efforts have been paying off, with February being one of his best months. In a recent interview, Wilkins shared his views on President Barack Obama's guarantee that "Everything is confidence and perception". He stated that he believes that building trust and confidence among customers is key to the success of his dealership. He believes that if customers trust the dealership and have a positive perception of it, they are more likely to buy cars from him. Wilkins has turned to a variety of strategies to improve customer perception. One strategy has been to focus on used-car sales, collision repair, service, and parts. He found that many people are not looking to buy new cars during these tough economic times, so he has made a conscious effort to focus on used cars. This decision has paid off, as many people are looking to save money and are more inclined to buy a used car that offers good value for money. The dealership has also started to focus on collision repair, service, and parts. Wilkins has found that these areas are an excellent way to build customer confidence. He notes that many people are hesitant to bring their cars in for repairs, as they are worried that they will be taken advantage of. By offering transparent pricing and quality work, Wilkins has been able to build trust among his customers. Wilkins has also made an effort to build personal relationships with his customers. He knows that by building a connection with his customers, he can build long-term customer loyalty. He has made a point to reach out to his customers via phone, email, and social media to stay in touch and offer his support. The efforts of Wilkins and his team have been paying off. In February, the dealership had one of its best months. While the overall economic climate remains challenging, Wilkins is confident that by continuing to focus on building customer trust and confidence, he can continue to drive growth for his dealership. In conclusion, the efforts of Maury Wilkins to build customer confidence and perception in his dealership are paying off. He is focusing on used-car sales, collision repair, service, and parts and has been building personal relationships with his customers. These tactics have been successful in building trust and long-term customer loyalty, with February being one of his best months. By staying focused on his customers and continually improving his services, Wilkins is set to continue to grow his dealership despite these challenging economic times.