article: (CNN) -- It's another case of horse meat being found in products that are not supposed to contain it. Furniture giant Ikea said Thursday it pulled hotdogs from its stores in Russia after tests revealed they contained rogue horse meat. Dozens of processed meat products have been pulled by European suppliers, retailers and food outlets in the past several weeks after the discovery of unauthorized horse meat in them. Opinion: Scandal shines spotlight on murky horse trade . Ikea said in a statement Thursday it had undertaken wide-scale testing of its meat products from different suppliers in all its markets. "The vast majority of these tests show no indication of horse meat. However, there are also a few tests that do. In those cases we remove the product from sales," the company said. "IKEA Group is committed to serving and selling high quality food that is safe, healthy and produced with care for the environment." The test result from Russia concerns locally produced hotdogs and only affects the Russian market, Ikea said. The alert over the hotdogs has added to what has been a difficult couple of weeks for Ikea. What's behind the horsemeat contamination scandal? Ten days ago, the company suspended sales of its Swedish meatballs after testing in the Czech Republic revealed traces of horse DNA. Testing since has revealed the presence of horse meat in a few samples of Ikea meatballs from a supplier in Sweden, the firm said Thursday. Ikea also said Tuesday it was withdrawing its almond cake with chocolate and butterscotch from sale in 23 countries after traces of coliform bacteria -- organisms found in the environment and in the feces of warm-blooded animals and humans -- were found in two batches. The horse meat scandal has extended across Europe, with questions raised over slaughterhouses and food suppliers in a number of countries. The UK Food Standards Agency released the results Friday of the latest round of testing ordered on products labeled beef across the UK food industry. Horse: Coming soon to a meat case near you? So far, more than 99% of tests continue to show no horse DNA at or above the level of 1%, it said. Horse meat is not harmful in itself but authorities are concerned by its unauthorized presence in case it is tainted with a veterinary drug used to treat horses. Phenylbutazone, also known as bute, is not allowed to enter the food chain because it can pose a risk to humans. The European Union said last month it intends to begin testing meat across all 27 member states.
highlights: Ikea says horse meat has been found in hotdogs produced for sale in Russia . The company says testing has shown the vast majority of its products are not affected . The horse meat scandal has extended across Europe in recent weeks .
id: 2c2894749d1a1cfb8567caaa4679f9297ffac5c7
chatgpt: Ikea, the Swedish furniture retail giant, is the latest company to become embroiled in the ongoing horse meat scandal that has been rocking Europe over the past few weeks. The company has admitted that it has discovered traces of horse meat in hotdogs that were produced for sale in Russia. Following concerns raised earlier this year about the content of meat products sold across Europe, Ikea had decided to conduct extensive tests on the hotdogs that it had produced for sale in Russia. The results of these tests have revealed that horse meat was present at low levels in some of the hotdogs that were being sold. Since the discovery of horse meat in meat products sold in the UK, the scandal has grown to cover more countries and more products, including beef burgers and processed meat products. Consumers have been left feeling let down by the food industry, and many have been calling for greater oversight and more stringent regulations to ensure that the food that is sold in Europe is safe, healthy and of a high quality. Despite the discovery of horse meat in some of its hotdogs, Ikea has moved quickly to reassure its customers that the vast majority of its products are not affected. In a statement, the company said that it would be conducting further tests on its products to ensure that there are no further breaches of food safety standards. The company has also launched a full investigation into how the horse meat came to be present in its products, and has promised to take action against any supplier that fails to meet its strict food safety standards. The discovery of horse meat in Ikea's hotdogs is just the latest in what has become a major scandal for the food industry across Europe. Many consumers are now calling for greater transparency and for companies to take greater responsibility for the safety and quality of the products that they sell. As the scandal continues to unfold, it is clear that there is a growing public demand for change in how the food industry operates. Consumers want to know that the food they eat is safe, healthy and of a high quality, and they are no longer willing to accept anything less. In response to this growing pressure, governments across Europe are now taking action to strengthen laws and regulations governing the food industry. They are calling for greater transparency, more rigorous testing and tougher penalties for companies that fail to meet food safety standards. As the horse meat scandal continues to dominate headlines across Europe, one thing is clear – the food industry faces a major challenge in rebuilding the trust and confidence of consumers. Only by taking decisive action to address the underlying issues and restore public confidence can the industry hope to emerge from this crisis stronger and more resilient than before.