article: Louis van Gaal’s start to his career at Manchester United may not have been as smooth as he had wished – but one Dutchman has thrived since arriving in England this summer. Ronaldo Koeman’s Southampton are flying high in the Premier League and are third in the table and go into Saturday’s clash with Stoke on the back of the 8-0 thrashing of Sunderland. The two Dutchmen have history having worked together at both Barcelona and Ajax and have been known to have had a frosty relationship. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Mark Hughes gives credit to Southampton's new recruits . Ronald Koeman has guided Southampton to third in the table after a good start to the season . Koeman speaks to his Southampton players ahead of their game with Stoke . But according to Koeman, that has thawed there is no longer an issue between them. The pair will meet for first time in December at St Mary’s and Koeman says it will be a special occasion. Speaking to The Mirror, he said: ‘We have worked together, first when I was his assistant at Barcelona and he was the head coach. ‘Then, during my period with Ajax as the coach, he came in after two seasons as technical director and we had some fights about the coaching structure, the way of doing things and that was a problem at the time. Koeman worked as Van Gaal's assistant at Barcelona back in the late 1990s . ‘But it’s not like that anymore – it’s in the past. I have my job to do at Southampton, he has his job to do at Manchester United and, of course, it will be a little bit special when we play against them. ‘It will be two Dutch coaches facing each other in the Premier League and I hope the best for him and for United. They are a club who have to be at the top and he has achieved great things as a manager in the past.’ Before Koeman and Van Gaal meet, Southampton face back-to-back games with Stoke in the Premier League and Capital One Cup. Dusan Tadic and Graziano Pelle celebrate during Southampton's 8-0 win over Sunderland . And if Southampton are to continue their good form, a lot could rely on the form of £10.9million signing Dusan Tadic. The Serbian playmaker set up four of the Saints eight goals against Sunderland last week and has been one of the players of the season so far. But the Southampton boss admits he was surprised to land Tadic. Koeman added: 'I was always confident about Dusan because he has exceptional qualities. His assists, his goals, his feel for the game belongs on the big stages. But I didn’t expect to sign him for Southampton, I was surprised when he came here. I thought we would be fighting against bigger clubs.'
highlights: Ronald Koeman and Louis van Gaal worked together at Barcelona and Ajax . The pair clashed over training methods at Ajax - but are fine now . Koeman has guided Southampton to third in the league . Dusan Tadic has proved a key signing for Southampton this season .
id: 9bf2d971b95802121bf85383f127addea6c8538c
chatgpt: Two of the most successful Dutch managers, Ronald Koeman and Louis van Gaal, have a history of working together. Both men are known for their strong personalities and uncompromising nature, which sometimes led to tension between them. However, they have put their past differences aside and are now on good terms with one another. Koeman and Van Gaal first worked together at Ajax in the late 1990s. Despite winning the league twice during their time there, the pair famously clashed over training methods. Koeman, who was a player at the time, openly criticized Van Gaal's rigid style of play and his lack of flexibility when it came to tactics. Eventually, Koeman left Ajax to join Feyenoord, where he became a successful manager in his own right. The two men didn't cross paths again until both became managers at Barcelona. Koeman was appointed as Louis van Gaal's assistant in 1998, but once again, the relationship between the two was strained. Koeman reportedly felt that he wasn't given enough responsibility by Van Gaal and that his tactical ideas were being ignored. This time, however, Koeman left to join Ajax as their club manager. Fast forward to the present day, and Koeman is now enjoying a successful spell as the manager of Southampton. The team is currently third in the Premier League table, having exceeded all expectations this season. One of the key factors behind their success has been the form of midfielder Dusan Tadic. Koeman brought the Serbian international to St. Mary's from Dutch side FC Twente in the summer, and Tadic has become an integral part of the Southampton team. His performances have earned him the praise of both fans and pundits alike, with many tipping him to be a contender for the Player of the Season award. Despite their history, it seems that Koeman and Van Gaal have put their previous disagreements behind them. In an interview with the Daily Mail, Koeman spoke positively about Van Gaal: "We have a good relationship - I have a lot of respect for him. We haven't spoken about the past, but we don't need to because it is not important. What is important is that we are both doing well in our careers." It's heartening to see two great Dutch managers putting aside their differences and focusing on their respective careers. Koeman and Van Gaal both have a lot to be proud of, and their successes serve as an inspiration to aspiring managers around the world. As for Southampton, they will be hoping to maintain their current form and qualify for European football next season, with Koeman and Tadic at the helm.