article: (CNN) -- If you're Barack Obama or Mitt Romney, you'll get one more hour to scour for votes ahead of Tuesday's presidential election. If you're spending a night out on the town, that could translate to 60 more minutes dazzling the dance floor. And if you're tired, or perhaps lucky, that means one more hour of sleep. Daylight Saving Time may bring health problems . All options are on the table this weekend, when U.S. residents turn back the clock as part of the semi-annual daylight saving routine. At 2 a.m. Sunday, people will "fall back" one hour -- in essence, allowing them to relive the 1 a.m. hour two times over. The change affects all those in the United States except for people in Hawaii and parts of Arizona who do not observe daylight saving time. The territories of Guam, Puerto Rico, U.S. Virgin Islands and American Samoa also do not recognize the change. For those who do change the digits on their clocks, the sun will seem to come up earlier in the morning and it will set earlier at night, relative to conditions just a few days earlier. The idea for daylight saving came from legendary American inventor, statesman and founding father Ben Franklin who, in a 1784 letter to a French journal, suggested that Parisians could save thousands of francs annually by waking up earlier in the summer so they wouldn't have to buy so many candles to light the evening hours. TIME: 8 ways to beat the winter blues . The United States didn't adopt the practice until the 20th century -- for a brief time during World War I, again during World War II and on a state-by-state basis in the years after the war. It became a national policy, with some tinkering, beginning in 1966. Dozens of other countries now observe some form of daylight saving as well. The extra hour that people will get this weekend will only last so long. Americans will have to give it back by "springing forward" -- and turning ahead their clock -- one hour on March 10, 2013.
highlights: At 2 a.m. Sunday, most Americans should turn back their clocks one hour . Devised by Benjamin Franklin, daylight saving took hold in the U.S. last century .
id: 32853efff4e0bf46a0e09128c853f00a37b410eb
chatgpt: As the calendar turns to November, Americans can look forward to an annual tradition: the end of daylight saving time. At 2 a.m. Sunday, most Americans should turn back their clocks one hour, gaining an extra hour of sleep but effectively putting the nation on darker and shorter days until spring returns. Devised by Benjamin Franklin in 1784 as a way to conserve energy, daylight saving took hold in the U.S. during the last century. The practice was formalized with the Uniform Time Act of 1966, and most of America has adhered to the shifting of time ever since. Only Hawaii and most of Arizona avoid the biannual ritual. While daylight saving time remains a fixture of American life, it is not without controversy. Critics argue that the disruption to sleep schedules and the darker evenings can cause a range of problems, from traffic accidents to mood disorders. Indeed, studies have shown that the week following the "fall back" shift can lead to an increase in traffic accidents and workplace injuries. Research also suggests that the shift can have negative effects on mood and sleep, particularly for night owls who struggle to adjust to the earlier sunsets. Despite these concerns, there are still reasons to celebrate the end of daylight saving time. For many people, the extra hour of sleep can be a welcome respite from the hustle and bustle of modern life, and the shift can also be a reminder of the changing seasons. Moreover, the end of daylight saving time can signal the beginning of the holiday season, with Thanksgiving just a few weeks away and Christmas and Hanukkah not far behind. As the days grow shorter and colder, these holidays can bring warmth and light to people's lives, even as time feels like it is slipping away. So as Americans turn back their clocks this weekend, they can take a moment to reflect on the meaning of time and the changing seasons, even as they grumble about the darker evenings and the need for more sleep. With each shift of the clock, we are reminded that time is fleeting, that winter is coming, and that there is still much to savor and celebrate in this imperfect, ever-changing world.