article: Parts of the country are having their bins collected only once every three weeks. Households in Gwynedd yesterday became the first in Wales to some have some of their bins emptied on a three weekly basis. It comes after Bury Council became the first in Britain to make the controversial move earlier this month. Scroll down for video . Bury Council says since it moved to fortnightly grey bins in 2011, recycling rates up from 27% to 47% (file photo) The Labour-led authority in Greater Manchester said it would save £800,000 a year and boost recycling rates to 60 per cent in the borough. It believes that many will follow its lead. Its grey bin for general household rubbish, green bin for paper and cardboard, and blue bin for glass, plastic bottles and cans are all now collected every three weeks. The brown bin for garden and food waste is still collected every two weeks. In Gwynedd it is just general household rubbish that is being switched to three weekly collection. Food waste and recyclable products will still be collected weekly. Gwynedd council approved the plan in April despite protests from residents. The council said it would save it £350,000 a year as well as reducing landfill waste and encouraging recycling. Bury Council said: ‘It will save a fortune especially in landfill tax fines. Since we moved to fortnightly grey bins in 2011, our recycling rate has shot up from 27% to 47%. Local government minister Kris Hopkins says ‘no case’ for the cuts and backs weekly collections (file photo) ‘We’re spending £10m a year treating and disposing of waste that can’t be recycled.’ But fears have been raised by residents over bad smells and vermin problems, . Local Government Minister Kris Hopkins said there was ‘absolutely no case’ for the cuts and backs weekly collections. Conservative MP Mr Hopkins said: ‘This government is working with councils to support weekly rubbish and recycling collections which protect the local environment and public health.’ He said near-monthly collections would ‘encourage fly-tipping, backyard burning and harm local amenity. ‘Our research has comprehensively shown councils can deliver savings through better procurement, more joint working and adopting new technology.’ Secretary of State for Communities and Local Government Eric Pickles has previously said that every English resident should expect weekly bin collections, let alone fortnightly or every three weeks. He said in 2012: ‘I believe it’s a fundamental right for every Englishman and woman to be able to put the remnants of their chicken tikka masala in their bin without having to wait two weeks for it to be collected.’ Bury council said: ‘It has been claimed changes would cause flies or maggots but brown bins for food and garden waste will continue to be collected every two weeks.’
highlights: Homes in Gwynedd became first in Wales yesterday for new refuse service . Comes as Manchester council said it would save £800,000  in similar move . Brown bin for garden and food waste is still collected every two weeks . In Gwynedd just general household rubbish for pick-up every three weeks . Bury Council said it will now 'save a fortune especially in landfill tax fines' Fears have been raised by residents over bad smells and vermin problems .
id: 395faa621c1f0923c11de13e82dd4f3bf6309244
chatgpt: Residents in Gwynedd woke up to a new residential waste collection service on Monday that has become the first of its kind in Wales. General household waste will be collected once every three weeks as the council implements new measures to improve its waste management process. The move comes after several other councils across the country, including Manchester Council, implemented similar waste management schemes. Manchester Council believes that the new service will help save the area up to £800,000 a year by reducing the amount of waste that's sent to landfill sites. While the new scheme will mean that the brown bin for garden and food waste will still be picked up every two weeks, residents were skeptical about the potential dangers posed by increased volumes of waste being stored for three weeks at a time. Some have raised fears about the potential problems that could arise, including the safety and health implications of increasing volumes of waste in homes for long periods. Vermin, bad smells and increased incidences of pests are common problems that are often associated with this kind of waste management scheme. However, Bury Council, which recently implemented a similar service, has assured residents that the new scheme will be a great success. The council said the move will help it save a fortune, especially in landfill tax fines. Councillor Huw Williams said that the new service was a necessary step that the council was implementing as part of its broader waste management strategy. He added that the council was committed to working with residents to ensure the smooth transition to the new scheme. Speaking to an audience in Gwynedd, he said, "We recognise that this is a significant change, and we appreciate that it can be disruptive for some people. However, it's a necessary step in our efforts to improve our waste management processes and help safeguard our environment." Despite the concerns raised by some residents, many others in Gwynedd have welcomed the move, praising the council for its positive step towards more sustainable waste management practices. The new residential waste collection service in Gwynedd is part of a broader strategy that councils across the country are implementing to reduce waste and promote responsible waste management practices. It is a part of a larger shift towards sustainable and eco-friendly living that is being embraced by communities across the country.