article: Miranda Kerr has been dropped as a Victoria's Secret Angel because of her 'difficult reputation', it has been claimed. The Australian supermodel, who is married to British actor Orlando Bloom with whom she shares two-year-old son Flynn, has been let go as one of the main faces of the lingerie brand after her $1 million, three year-contract 'was not renewed'. Have her wings been clipped? Miranda Kerr in the 2012 Victoria's Secret catwalk show in New York in November . A source told America's Us Weekly that . the 29-year-old beauty 'has a difficult reputation' and suggested it . was the main reason she will no longer walk the company's star-studded . annual catwalk show wearing a prestigious pair of angel's wings, an . honour reserved for just a handful of the brand's top faces. Another source suggested the brunette . model is 'not a big seller for VS', compared to its other Angels like . Alessandra Ambrosio, 31, Candice Swanepoel, 24, and Adriana Lima, 31. Miranda will reportedly still walk in the company's runway show later this year and will also appear in its catalogue. Frosty? Sources claim the model isn't very friendly with her fellow Victoria's Secret Angels . The source said: 'They can still use . her for catalogue, where she will get a day rate, but she doesn't have . to be an Angel to do that.' A separate insider tells People she is known in the industry as a diva, adding: 'She can be difficult at shoots and appearances. She's not very timely. She's standoffish with the rest of the girls.' But one source added: 'If Miranda and . Victoria's Secret part ways it's not because of her behaviour. It's . purely contractual. She'll be coming back for the show but it's unclear . if she'll be in future campaigns. But she is definitely one of the most . popular models and in high demand.' Keeping his cool: Miranda's husband Orlando Bloom was spotted in West Hollywood - without his wife - on Wednesday . Executives from Victoria's Secret did . not deny that Miranda's contract has not been renewed, but chief . marketing officer Ed Razek insisted he has already invited her to walk . in the 2013 runway show in New York in November. He said: 'Miranda Kerr is one of the . best models in the history of the business - and easily one of the most . popular. She is also a consummate professional.' 'Any rumours to the contrary are . simply untrue. While her international commitments have kept her away . from us more than we’d like over the past few years, she will always be . an Angel to me … In fact, I’ve already invited her to walk the runway in . this year’s fashion show and, happily, she’s agreed.' Other Victoria's Secret Angels include Lily Aldridge, 27, Karlie Kloss, 20, Doutzen Kroes, 28, and Erin Heatherton 24. Model mother: The star with her son Flynn in Hollywood this week .
highlights: Australian brunette accused of being  'standoffish' with her fellow models .
id: b0cf691c215e275ee101eb3aea2b430491c4b41d
chatgpt: A young Australian model has been accused of being standoffish with her fellow colleagues. The model, whose name has not been released, is reportedly a brunette who has been seen isolating herself from the rest of the group during model castings and photo shoots. According to insiders, the brunette model has been causing tension among the other models who feel that she isn't making an effort to engage with them. "She just sits in the corner on her phone or reads a book, and doesn't really talk to anyone. It's like she thinks she's too good to socialize with the rest of us," one model said. The allegations against the Australian model have caused a stir within the modeling industry, with many questioning whether she will be able to succeed in the highly competitive field. "Modeling is not just about having a pretty face and a good body. It's also about being able to work well with others and having a good attitude. If she can't do that, she's going to have a hard time," a modeling agent said. Some, however, have come to the defense of the brunette model, saying that it's unfair to judge her without knowing her side of the story. "Maybe she's just shy or nervous around new people. It's not fair to assume that she's being standoffish without giving her a chance to explain herself," one supporter said. Despite the differing opinions, one thing is certain: the modeling industry is a tough and competitive field that demands a certain level of professionalism and teamwork. Those who don't play by the rules are likely to fall by the wayside. Many aspiring models look up to successful models and try to emulate their style and behavior. Experts say it’s important to focus on healthy habits to be successful in the modeling world. Some of these habits include getting enough sleep, staying hydrated, eating a healthy and balanced diet, and being professional and cordial with fellow models and industry professionals. At this time, it remains to be seen whether the Australian brunette will be able to overcome the accusations of being standoffish and develop the teamwork and healthy habits necessary to succeed in the modeling industry. Only time will tell whether she will be able to prove her critics wrong and become a successful model.