article: By . Joshua Gardner . Courtroom riot: TV's Judge Joe Brown was tossed in jail Monday for inciting the crowd in a Memphis juvenile courtroom . Former TV judge Joe Brown was dragged from a Memphis juvenile court hearing on Monday after the presiding magistrate found him in contempt for inciting the courtroom crowd. Brown reportedly worked the courtroom into a froth as he questioned the authority of the magistrate while he was there representing a client in a child support case. 'He all but had that courtroom in a riot,' said Juvenile Court Chief Magistrate Dan Michael. According to WREG, the fight was sparked after Brown was told there was no record of the case he was there to plead. In audio taken during the heated exchange, Brown becomes progressively angrier as the magistrate schedules a court date in April for his client. 'He then began a diatribe against Mr. Horne and the authority of the court,' Michael said. 'You want to get in to this, let's get into this, this sorry operation needs to stop!' Brown yells at the magistrate in audio taken from the scene. Horne had . Brown removed and gave him a day in jail, but Brown began to scream ever . louder as he was dragged away and it won him four more days. Brown repeatedly berates the magistrate and insists he lacks the authority to send him to jail. 'Ten dollars, that's all you got,' the audibly shaken former TV star tells the magistrate. 'I looked it up!' Scroll down to hear audio from the outburst... Campaigning: Brown's syndicated show was canceled last year after taping hundreds of episodes. He's now running for Shelby County District Attorney . The . shocking outburst has some wondering if Brown's behavior has something . to do with an old grudge from his days as a Shelby County Criminal Court . judge or possibly his run for office. Brown is currently running for Shelby County District Attorney . after his show was canceled last year. On the theory about bad blood from his days on the bench, Juvenile Court Judge Curtis Person says Brown was not targeted. 'We will not allow anyone to act contemptuous towards this court. He’s just like everybody else.,' he said. But asked about the possibility that it was all a stunt to win votes, Chief Magistrate Michael said only: . 'Within . five minutes there were three or four different attorneys down here . seeking to represent him. You can draw whatever conclusion you want to . draw.' Brown has since been released on his own recognizance, though a request for bail was previously denied . Released: Brown was given five days but was released after just hours on Monday evening .
highlights: Brown, 66, was thrown in jail for 5 days but has since been freed after a Memphis juvenile court judge held him in contempt . Brown is running for Shelby County District Attorney . His show was canceled last year after taping over 500 episodes and he was in the courtroom representing a client .
id: 51b2b689b777bfb397e54cdf39f213a3af772bb1
chatgpt: Former television judge and current Shelby County District Attorney candidate, Joe Brown, has been released from jail after being held in contempt by a Memphis juvenile court judge. The 66-year-old Brown was thrown in jail for five days, but has since been freed after his lawyer, Arthur Horne, filed a writ of habeas corpus challenging his detention. Brown's brush with the law began when he continued to argue with the judge in a child support case despite being told to be quiet. Brown insisted that he had the right to represent his client in court, but the judge held him in contempt and ordered him to be taken into custody. Brown's situation is a stark contrast to his long-running TV show, where he was known for his no-nonsense approach to justice. The show ran for over 500 episodes before being cancelled last year. Despite this setback, Brown is still running for Shelby County District Attorney. He has been campaigning on a platform of justice reform, advocating for increased transparency and accountability in the criminal justice system. While Brown's time in jail may hurt his campaign, it also draws attention to the issue of judicial accountability. Brown himself has been a vocal critic of the Memphis court system, accusing some judges of being biased and incompetent. In a statement released after his release from jail, Brown thanked supporters for their messages of encouragement and stressed the importance of standing up to injustice. "I was jailed for standing up for what I believe in," Brown said. "My experience has only strengthened my resolve to fight for a fair and just justice system. I will continue to be a voice for change and demand accountability from those in power." Brown's legal troubles may be behind him, but the incident has put a spotlight on both his campaign and the Memphis court system. As the race for Shelby County District Attorney heats up, Brown will need to prove that he has the experience and judgement needed to lead the county's criminal justice system.