article: By . Associated Press Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 15:47 EST, 5 October 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 15:47 EST, 5 October 2013 . Hero: Nicholas Oresko, a World War ll Medal of Honor recipient, has died in hospital aged 96 . A World War II veteran and the nation's oldest living Medal of Honor recipient has died aged 96. Nicholas Oresko, an Army master sergeant who was badly wounded when he single-handedly took out two enemy bunkers during the Battle of the Bulge in 1945, died on Friday night at Englewood Hospital and Medical Center. Oresko had been hospitalized after injuring himself in a fall at an assisted living center in Cresskill. He died of complications from surgery for a broken right femur. A November 2011 article on the Department of Defense website described Oresko as the oldest living Medal of Honor recipient. The medal is the nation's highest military honor, awarded by Congress for risk of life in combat beyond the call of duty. A Bayonne native, Oresko received the Medal of Honor from President Harry Truman on October 30, 1945. At 28, Oresko was the platoon leader when automatic fire pinned down his unit. Realizing . a machine gun in a nearby bunker needed to be eliminated, Oresko moved . out alone in the morning darkness, braving bullets that zipped about . him, until he was close enough to throw a grenade into the German . bunker. He rushed the bunker and used his M-1 rifle to kill the soldiers who survived the grenade blast. Achievement: Nicholas Oresko received the Medal of Honor from President Harry Truman on October 30, 1945 (left). His heroism in WWII prevented numerous American casualties . Then another machine gun fired, knocking Oresko down and wounding him in the right hip and leg . He managed to crawl to another bunker and take it out with another grenade. Despite being weak from loss of blood, Oresko refused to be evacuated until he was assured that the mission was accomplished. His actions on January 23, 1945, were credited with preventing numerous American casualties and were praised as key to the Allies' victory. The Bergen Record reported that several veterans and young members of various branches of the military stayed with Oresko in his final days after a friend wrote about his health problems on a Facebook page and noted that Oresko had no immediate family still living. Aged: Nicholas Oreska died in hospital on Friday of complications from surgery for a broken femur .
highlights: Nicholas Oresko, America's oldest living Medal of Honor recipient, has died aged 96 . He died in hospital last night of complications from surgery for a broken right femur . The WWII veteran was badly wounded when he wiped out two enemy bunkers near Tettingen, Germany, during the Battle of the Bulge . President Harry S. Truman presented him with the medal during a White House ceremony on October 30, 1945 .
id: 7a1bb3b4d02db86aa2c4b9d1c2c14a60d37f3c2c
chatgpt: Nicholas Oresko, America's oldest living Medal of Honor recipient, passed away on Friday night at the age of 96. He had been in hospital battling complications from surgery for a broken right femur. Oresko was a World War II veteran, and his heroics during the Battle of the Bulge had earned him the Medal of Honor. During the battle, he had taken it upon himself to singlehandedly wipe out two enemy bunkers near Tettingen, Germany. President Harry S. Truman had presented him with the medal during a White House ceremony on October 30, 1945. Oresko had always been immensely proud of his bravery during the war and cherished the medal dearly. In his later years, Oresko had become a symbol of the sacrifices made by veterans of World War II. He continued to be active in various veterans' organizations, sharing his story with many who admired his bravery. Born on January 18, 1917, in New Jersey, Oresko had joined the military in 1942 at the age of 25. He had served in the 302nd Infantry Regiment of the 94th Infantry Division. His battalion had been tasked with the operation to push back the German forces during the Battle of the Bulge. On January 23, 1945, when his platoon was pinned down by heavy machine gun fire, Oresko had stepped forward and charged towards the enemy bunkers. Despite being severely injured by an enemy grenade, he continued fighting, taking down two enemy bunkers before being evacuated. For his bravery, Oresko had earned the Medal of Honor, the highest military decoration awarded for acts of valor. He remained humble about his deeds, stating that he had only done what he saw as his duty. After the war, Oresko had worked with the Department of Veterans Affairs, helping other veterans with their rehabilitation and recovery. He had also been an advocate for the importance of education for veterans. Oresko had been living at an assisted living facility in New Jersey when he was hospitalized with a broken right femur. Though he had undergone surgery, complications eventually led to his demise. The veterans' community mourns the loss of this brave soldier who had exemplified what it meant to serve the country. Oresko's legacy will continue to inspire generations of Americans, reminding them of the sacrifices made by those who fought for the freedoms we enjoy today.