article: A man who fled from authorities during a traffic stop was tracked down by a police helicopter due to his bright red underwear. In a post and video on their Facebook page, the Seminole County Sheriff's Office told how they tracked the suspect as he ran away from the scene of a crash using the flash of colour as a guide. Victor Tate, 30, of Lake Mary, has been charged with fleeing and eluding, reckless driving, possession of cocaine, possession of marijuana with intent to sell and driving without a valid license in the September 12 incident. Victor Tate, 30, of Lake Mary, (pictured) who fled from authorities during a traffic stop was tracked down by police due to his bright red underwear . In a post on their Facebook page the Seminole County Sheriff's Office told how they tracked the suspect from their helicopter using the flash of colour as a guide . Deputies said they attempted to stop Tate for speeding on State Road 434 in Longwood when he sped off. As they started a pursuit, Tate began accelerating to an estimated speed of 90 miles per hour and continued driving recklessly through traffic. He lost control of the car and crashed into another vehicle at a traffic light on Lake Way Road and Greenwood Boulevard, according to the report. Deputies said they attempted to stop Tate for speeding on State Road 434 in Longwood when the vehicle sped off (his car is pictured in this police video) Tate crashed into another vehicle at a traffic light on Lake Way Road and Greenwood Boulevard, according to the report (pictured the moment of impact) As Tate climbs out the car - a flash of his red underwear is seen from the police helicopter following him . Tate (seen left running) was caught shortly after by a deputy at the rear of one of the apartment buildings and was taken into custody without further incident . Deputies said Tate fled from the crash scene. They wrote: 'The driver fled from the crash scene exposing his underwear, and ran into a nearby apartment complex. Alert was easily able to maintain a visual of the suspect thanks to his bright red briefs.' Tate was caught shortly after by a deputy at the rear of one of the apartment buildings and was taken into custody without further incident.
highlights: Seminole County Sheriff's Office told he was caught due to his underwear . Victor Tate, 30, was caught at the scene and arrested . Charged with fleeing and eluding, reckless driving, possession of cocaine, possession of marijuana with intent to sell and driving without a valid license .
id: c26aa3698ce2058733cb74d39b467e6992149a28
chatgpt: A man has been arrested in Seminole County after authorities say his underwear gave him away. Victor Tate, a 30-year-old man, was caught by the Seminole County Sheriff's Office following a high-speed chase. According to reports, Tate was spotted by officers driving recklessly and eluding them. The pursuit eventually led to Tate crashing his car into a ditch. Despite his crash, Tate attempted to run away on foot. However, officers were able to apprehend him when his pants fell down, revealing his underwear. Authorities searched Tate's car following his arrest and found drugs, including cocaine and marijuana, with intent to sell. He has been charged with fleeing and eluding, reckless driving, possession of cocaine, possession of marijuana with intent to sell and driving without a valid license. "It's always interesting the things that give suspects away," said a spokesperson from the Seminole County Sheriff's Office. "In this case, it was Mr. Tate's choice of undergarments that led to his capture." This is not the first time an unusual detail has led to the capture of a criminal. In 2019, a suspect was caught after leaving his wallet behind at the crime scene. The following year, a man was caught after he posted a picture on social media of his location, leading authorities straight to his door. The Seminole County Sheriff's Office advises criminals to take note of what they wear and bring with them when breaking the law. It seems that every detail, big or small, can help authorities in their quest to bring justice to the community. As for Tate, he is currently being held in Seminole County Jail, with bail set at $50,000. His court date has yet to be announced.