article: Alan Shearer says he does not hold much hope for former club Newcastle United and fears a ‘long, hard season’ lies ahead. The Magpies are without a win this term and reside in the bottom three going into Saturday’s home game with Leicester City. Manager Alan Pardew has seen off intense speculation surrounding his future - at least in the short-term - and retains the support of owner Mike Ashley. Peter Crouch scores for Stoke in one of seven Premier League games Newcastle United have failed to win . Former Magpies striker Alan Shearer worries for his club this season, saying they 'haven't been good enough' Pardew looks unhappy as he watches his team draw 2-2 with Swansea City at the Liberty Stadium . But Shearer has not been impressed by performances on the pitch. Indeed, his hometown team have collected just 20 points from a possible 78 since the turn of the year. He told the Chronicle: ‘It has been poor since January this year,’ said the club’s record goalscorer, who netted 206 times during 10 years on Tyneside. ‘I’m exactly the same as the fans at the minute - I’m one of them. ‘I pay for my ticket and I’m the same. I am entitled to my opinion. Shearer scored a club record 206 goals in 10 years on Tyneside but fears for his former side this year . Newcastle supporters held numerous banners calling for Pardew to be sacked during the 1-0 defeat at Stoke . ‘It hasn’t been pleasant watching to be honest. ‘I don’t hold too much hope for us this season. I think it could be a long, hard season for us.’ And Shearer says there are no mitigating circumstances for Pardew or the club to put forward as an excuse for results, admitting there is a real danger they could be dragged in to a relegation battle. ‘Nobody can make any excuses,’ added Shearer, speaking ahead of the 206 Dinner in Newcastle next month. ‘The simple fact is we haven’t been good enough. You can make whatever excuses you want. Injuries, too many games or confidence. Newcastle fans have reacted angrily to their side's start to the campaign, calling for Pardew's head . Newcastle have been denied the services of promising midfielder Siem de Jong (centre) through injury . ‘Put all of that to one side, the simple fact of the matter is we just have not been good enough. ‘We haven’t been unlucky. We haven’t been ravaged by injuries. We haven’t been done by dodgy decisions. ‘We just haven’t been good enough. It’s simple. That’s the harsh reality of it. ‘Things have to improve and they have to improve pretty quickly or we could find ourselves in a hole. ‘The quicker we can get out of it the better.’ Shearer is greeted by thousands of Newcastle fans after signing for the club for £15million in 1996 .
highlights: Former Newcastle United striker Alan Shearer fears for his hometown club . Newcastle are yet to win this year and lie in Premier League's bottom three . Shearer expects a 'long, hard season' for the Magpies this term . He says he pays for his ticket 'as a fan' now and 'it hasn't been pleasant' Ex England forward Shearer scored 206 times during 10 years on Tyneside .
id: a7697f3f2d8866e10b6056cfc8dfd605bfad4729
chatgpt: Former Newcastle United striker and club legend, Alan Shearer, has voiced his concerns for his beloved hometown club. The Magpies are yet to secure a victory this year and find themselves sitting in the Premier League's bottom three. Speaking to the BBC, Shearer expressed his fears of a "long, hard season" for Newcastle. As a former player and now paying supporter, he knows all too well the highs and lows that come with being affiliated with the club. "It hasn't been pleasant" admits Shearer, who now pays for his own ticket as a fan. Shearer is all too aware of what the fans will be feeling after a turbulent start to the season. The Newcastle faithful are some of the most passionate fans in the country and considering their rich history, they'll be understandably disappointed with their team's performance so far. During his illustrious career, Shearer managed to score an incredible 206 goals in just 10 years of service to the club. As one of the most prolific scorers in Premier League history, Shearer is a legendary figure at St James' Park. However, despite his achievements on the pitch, Shearer knows better than anyone that even great clubs like Newcastle can struggle. The club's lack of form has left fans disillusioned and questions are being raised about Steve Bruce's ability to turn things around. With the seasons barely started, it's imperative for Newcastle to find their feet and pick up some valuable points. They have a tough run of fixtures coming up, including Arsenal, Manchester United, and Chelsea. All of which will provide a stern test for the Magpies. Shearer also urged the club to invest in the January transfer window. "They need to bring in new players or they'll be in trouble" warns Shearer. "Newcastle United is a great club, but they can't rely on their history to keep them going." Whilst it's still early days, Shearer understands that in the unforgiving world of Premier League football, things can change rapidly. A couple of good results could change everything for Newcastle but equally, a couple of bad results could result in further turmoil. Fans of the Magpies are no strangers to resilience and fighting spirit, something that has become synonymous with the club's identity. With the backing of the fans and the experience of the club's legendary figures such as Shearer, there's no doubt that Newcastle will come out fighting. For the moment, Newcastle will be focusing on their upcoming fixtures and aiming to kickstart their season with a win. As always, the passion and dedication of the fans will continue to inspire the players as they battle to pull themselves out of the relegation zone.