article: Marouane Fellaini was delighted to score his first goal for Manchester United as he ended his injury hell by helping Louis van Gaal’s side to a point at West Brom. The Belgium international came off the bench early in the second half to score United’s first goal in the 2-2 draw at The Hawthorns. It was his first goal for United following his £27.5million move from Everton last summer and he hopes it will kick start his career at Old Trafford. Marouane Fellaini celebrates his goal against West Brom as United drew 2-2 with West Brom . Speaking to MUTV, Fellaini said: 'It was a good feeling, I have waited for a long time for this moment and now I have scored, so I hope to score some more goals this season.' Fellaini’s career at United has been plagued by injury and he has not yet shown the form from his Everton days. The 26-year-old says he has worked hard to get back to full fitness and believes the best is yet to come from him. Fellaini has also thanked Van Gaal for showing faith in him and vowed to repay him with goals. Fellaini watches his shot go in as he opened his goal account at Manchester United . 'It was very difficult but I work hard every day and I know that when I am 100 per cent fit then I can be dangerous,' Marouane said. 'Football is like this, sometimes you have bad moments and that was one. But I am ready for the challenge and to play every game. I am happy here and the manager has shown trust in me. Every day in training, I work hard and after that the manager makes a decision.' Fellaini stared the game on the bench and came in during the second half and scored . United were forced to come from behind twice against West Brom after Stephane Sessegnon gave the Baggies the lead before Fellaini levelled. Alan Irvine’s side then regained the lead through Saido Berahino before Daley Blind rescued a point late on for United. West Brom caused a stir when their official Twitter account appeared to mock the midfielder as he was warming up. They posted posted: ‘Fellaini has now taken his tracksuit off, fortunately he has a Man Utd strip on underneath #WBAMUN’. However Fellaini scored and after being criticised on social media, West Brom tweeted an apology of sorts: ‘Sorry if a joke about a footballer not having a shirt on under his tracksuit top has caused such outrage. It was not intended as a slur.’
highlights: Manchester United midfielder scored first goal since joining club . Louis van Gaal's side came from behind twice to draw 2-2 . Fellaini hopes to repay Van Gaal with more goals at United .
id: bbf367abe1c2db4994abaef9401599d25f9c3255
chatgpt: Manchester United midfielder Marouane Fellaini scored his first goal for the club since joining in August 2013. The Belgian international was also instrumental in helping Louis van Gaal's side to come from behind twice and secure a 2-2 draw against West Bromwich Albion at The Hawthorns.  After the match, Fellaini expressed his delight at scoring for the Red Devils and hopes to score more goals to help repay the faith shown by Van Gaal. The United boss has been heavily criticized this season for his style of play and results, but Fellaini remains confident that the team can turn things around. "I'm very happy to have scored my first goal for United. It's been a long time coming and it's a relief to finally get it. But the most important thing is the team and we showed great character to come back twice today. We need to build on this performance and start winning games again," said Fellaini. The 28-year-old midfielder has had a mixed time at Old Trafford since his £27.5 million move from Everton. He struggled to settle in during David Moyes' ill-fated tenure before suffering a string of injuries under Van Gaal. However, the Belgian has remained determined to prove his worth to the club and his goal against West Brom could be the start of a new chapter for Fellaini. "It's been a frustrating time for me with the injuries and not playing as much as I would have liked. But I've kept working hard and I'm grateful to the manager for giving me the chance today. I hope to repay him with more goals and good performances," added Fellaini. Van Gaal has come under fire for his team's poor form this season, with United struggling to score goals and win games. The Dutchman has been accused of stifling the attacking talents of his players and playing a boring brand of football. However, he defended his tactics after the West Brom game and praised Fellaini for his performance. "Marouane did very well today and I'm pleased for him. He's had a tough time recently with injuries but he's a good player and he showed that today. We had to change our tactics after going behind twice and I'm happy with how the team fought back. It's not always about playing attractive football, sometimes you have to grind out results," said Van Gaal. United remain sixth in the Premier League table, five points behind fourth-placed Manchester City. They face a crucial home fixture against Liverpool in the Europa League on Thursday before hosting Aston Villa in the league on Sunday. Fellaini and his teammates will be hoping to build on their performance against West Brom and start climbing up the table. "We need to keep working hard and improving. We know we're not where we want to be in the league and we need to start winning games. We have the quality in the squad to do that and I'm confident we can turn things around," said Fellaini. The Belgian's goal and performance against West Brom could be the boost that United need to kick-start their season. Van Gaal will be hoping that Fellaini can continue to repay his faith and help lead United to success both domestically and in Europe.