article: Bill Cosby has staunchly refused to say a word about the dozens of rape accusations leveled against him over the past few months but on Thursday he finally broke his silence...with a joke. At a comedy show in London, Ontario, the actor alluded to the serious allegations as he saw a woman getting up from the front row and asked her where she was going. She said she was getting a drink and politely asked if he wanted her to bring anything back for him,  according to National Post reporter Richard Warnica who attended the event. He said no, that he had his own bottle of water and then said 'You have to be careful drinking around me.' Scroll down for video . Breaking his silence: Bill Cosby made a joke about the dozens of rape accusations leveled against him, during a comedy show Thursday night in London, Ontario. Pictured above at Wednesday night's comedy show in Kitchener, Ontario . The statement refers to a theme in several of his accusers' stories - that he drugged their drinks before raping them. Warnica says the crowd erupted in loud gasps, but that their shock soon turned to support as they laughed and gave a round of applause for the comment. Thursday night's show was the second in a three-stop comedy tour of Canada. Both nights have been the subject of protests outside the venues, as ticket-holders were heckled by demonstrators holding signs like 'rape is not joke'. Both of Cosby's show s in Canada have been the subject of protests this week. Above, some of the demonstrators outside of his show Thursday night . Before the show started, Warnica tweeted a photo of a piece of paper handed out to those walking into venue Budweiser Gardens. The slip of paper warns 'disruptive behavior will not be tolerated and will result in removal, possible legal action and banning from the venue'. One man was kicked out of Thursday night's event for yelling 'you are a rapist'. Dale Carruthers, a journalist who tried to film the man being escorted out by security, was also kicked out. Cosby's publicist later confirmed the heckler in a statement, describing the situation as 'one outburst' in a crowd of 'loyal, patient and courageous' fans. The statement ends with Cosby saying 'I'm far from finished'. Warnica says that while the venue was not full, it was far from empty and the crowd seemed to enjoy Cosby's performance. He received a standing ovation for a second night in a row. Heckled: Canadians attending both events in Kitchener and London have been heckled by the crowds demonstrating outside the event . Warning: A National Post reporter tweeted a picture of a slip of paper all attendees received a Budweiser Gardens Thursday night, which read: ''disruptive behavior will not be tolerated and will result in removal, possible legal action and banning from the venue'. Above, some more demonstrators outside the venue on Thursday .
highlights: Cosby said joke after asking why a woman in the front row was leaving . She said she was getting a drink of water and asked he wanted anything . Cosby declined before saying 'you have to be careful about drinking around me' In the past two months, more than two dozen woman have come forward to publicly accuse Cosby of rape or sexual assault . Many of the women say Cosby drugged their drinks before the attacks . This is the first time Cosby himself has publicly acknowledged the accusations .
id: 4c9c6456c1870ed5fecda7e7d695c137d3706c84
chatgpt: In a shocking turn of events, comedian Bill Cosby has finally addressed the numerous allegations of sexual assault and rape that have been leveled against him in recent months. During a stand-up comedy routine in London, Cosby made a joke that seemed to reference the accusations made by more than two dozen women. According to multiple sources who were in attendance at the performance, Cosby commented on a woman who was leaving the front row of the audience to get a drink of water. When she asked if he wanted anything, the comedian declined before adding, "you have to be careful about drinking around me." The comment was met with groans and gasps from the audience, many of whom were clearly uncomfortable with Cosby's choice of words. For weeks, the comedian has remained silent in the face of mounting accusations of drugging and raping women, leaving many to wonder how he would finally address the controversy. The allegations first came to light in October, when former supermodel Janice Dickinson claimed that Cosby had drugged and raped her in 1982. Since then, more than 25 women have come forward with similar accusations, including several who claim Cosby drugged their drinks before sexually assaulting them. Despite the overwhelming evidence against him, Cosby has steadfastly refused to comment on the allegations, leaving many to question his motives and credibility. With this latest comment, however, the comedian has finally broken his silence, albeit in an oblique and rather unsettling way. The response to Cosby's comment has been swift and harsh, with many social media users taking to Twitter and other platforms to voice their outrage. Some have called for a boycott of Cosby's work, while others have suggested that he should be prosecuted for his alleged crimes. Despite the controversy, Cosby's stand-up career seems to be unaffected for the moment. He is currently scheduled to perform several shows in Florida in the coming weeks, and has announced plans to release a new Netflix special in November. In the meantime, the vast majority of his fans will be watching closely to see if he ever addresses the allegations in a more direct and meaningful way. Until that happens, it seems likely that Cosby's once-sterling reputation as a beloved comedian and family man will continue to be tarnished by the disturbing allegations that continue to swirl around him.