article: By . Simon Walters . PUBLISHED: . 18:43 EST, 31 August 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 22:32 EST, 31 August 2013 . David Cameron’s standing as a world leader and Britain’s much vaunted ‘special relationship’ with America have both been badly hit by his Commons defeat over military strikes against Syria. And Ed Miliband has won approval for opposing the action. But the Prime Minister is applauded for giving MPs the chance to vote on the issue – and is still seen as much better at dealing with international crises than the Opposition leader, including by many Labour voters. Political capital: . Prime Minister David Cameron, left, is still seen as more of a statesman that Labour leader Ed Miliband, right, despite his humiliating defeat in the Commons after urging MPs to back an attack on Syria . That is the verdict of a Mail on Sunday poll on the row over whether the UK should support air strikes against the Syrian regime of President Assad by the US. Despite the bitter Commons clashes over Syria between Cameron and Miliband, there is no change in the party ratings, with Labour, on 37 per cent, maintaining an eight point lead over the Conservatives and the Lib Dems trailing UKIP. An overwhelming 65 per cent are opposed to UK raids on Syria, with only 19 per cent in favour, according to the Survation poll. However, that could change dramatically if Assad does not back down. Nearly one in two say they would support military action if Assad orders more mass chemical weapons attacks, with three in ten against. Barely one in five say the Prime Minister is in touch with public opinion over Syria, compared to nearly two in five who say Mr Miliband has judged the public mood correctly. But despite the doubts, four out of ten say they trust Mr Cameron in an international crisis, against just over two in ten who back  Mr Miliband. Worryingly for the Opposition leader, nearly one in six Labour supporters prefers Mr Cameron. A majority of 41 per cent say the Syria affair has damaged David Cameron’s global standing, compared to 38 per cent who say it has made no difference and seven per cent who say it has enhanced it. One in three also say it has damaged Britain’s so called ‘special relationship’ with the US, though nearly half believe it has made no difference. A clear majority say the Prime Minister spends too much time strutting the world stage, instead of fixing Britain’s problems. But more than half say Mr Cameron showed strength, not weakness, by letting MPs vote on the issue. And 43 per cent say the vote enhanced the reputation of Parliament, left in tatters by the expenses scandal, compared to 23 per cent who say the anti-war vote was bad for the reputation of the Commons. A total of 1,002 people took part in the Survation online poll, conducted on Friday.
highlights: The PM is applauded for giving MPs the chance to vote on the issue . But his standing as a world leader has been badly hit by the loss . However voters still judge him a better statesman than Miliband .
id: 66f9ac59875ac2ca72d8eb8a6b54387a6cbb8278
chatgpt: The recent vote in Parliament has been a hot topic of discussion across the United Kingdom. Prime Minister David Cameron was applauded for giving MPs the chance to vote on a matter of such importance. However, the loss of the vote has hurt his standing as a world leader. Despite the defeat on the issue, it appears that the British voters still judge Cameron as a better statesman than his opposition, Ed Miliband. The criticism from world leaders, however, has not been as forgiving. The Prime Minister's decision to allow the vote has shown a level of transparency not often seen in government. With a matter as divisive as this, it was important to give MPs the opportunity to voice their opinion. This has won Cameron much praise and respect from those who appreciate democracy and the importance of the voice of the people. However, the outcome of the vote has put into question Cameron's leadership skills on a global scale. Many world leaders have expressed their disappointment in the result and some have even gone so far as to question his effectiveness as a leader. Critics say that this failure is just another example of a larger problem within the Conservative government. It has been suggested that the party has been too focused on domestic affairs and not enough on international concerns. One world leader who was particularly vocal in his criticism was French President Francois Hollande. He stated that the UK government's approach to international politics had been "limited" and that Cameron had failed to effectively negotiate with other European leaders. Despite the criticism, British voters do not seem to be overly concerned about Cameron's leadership failures. Recent polls suggest that many still see him as a competent statesman whose interest lies in the needs of the UK. The issue at hand that brought about this latest controversy was the decision to pass a bill that would limit the powers of both the UK and EU courts in human rights cases. Those who were in favor of the bill argued that it would allow for more decisions to be made within UK courts and would remove the influence of the EU. Despite the vote going in the opposite direction, it is likely that this issue is far from over. The debate surrounding the UK's relationship with the EU has been ongoing for many years and is likely to continue to be a hot topic for years to come. As for David Cameron, only time will tell how this latest setback will affect his standing as both a domestic and international leader. While his decision to allow the vote has been applauded within the UK, his failure to win the vote has left many questioning his ability to lead on a global scale.