article: By . David Kent for MailOnline . Everton have identified Walton Hall Park as the intended site of a new stadium to replace Goodison Park. Unlike neighbours Liverpool, who plan to redevelop Anfield, Everton want to move to a new site down the road from Goodison. Chairman Bill Kenwright told the Liverpool Echo: 'On my journey to our home games, as I pass Walton Hall Park, I inevitably think that I am only a minute away from our beloved Goodison. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Goodison Park take centre stage in Everton 2014/15 advert . Seamus Coleman scores a goal at Everton's iconic Goodison Park in the Premier League . Premier League club Everton hope to announce a breakthrough over a new 50,000-capacity stadium this week . 'For several years now I’ve also thought, if only it was available for our new stadium, it ticks all the boxes. 'It would fill me with great pride, it could be something very special for our city, the residents of North Liverpool and all Evertonians - a new home that goes beyond football and does what Everton does better than anyone else. 'Of course there’s enormous work to do - that again involves fixing a huge financial jigsaw - but we are certain it’s an opportunity we should pursue with great commitment, endeavour and ambition.' Everton believe Goodison Park, their home since 1892, can no longer generate sufficient revenue . Everton have the support of Liverpool council, while housing association Liverpool Mutual Homes will also be an official partner and will build homes as part of an overall regeneration scheme. Liverpool mayor Joe Anderson said: 'The park is probably one of the most under-used in the city, we get complaints about anti-social behaviour and that it’s just used for dog fouling... and I think a proposal that enhances a park in that area and provides other facilities, better facilities, is a better opportunity for the city.' Everton have long been looking to move from Goodison to a modern stadium and announced plans for a new ground in Kirkby in 2006, which were rejected by central government three years later. Everton hope to announce a breakthrough over a new 50,000-capacity stadium this week. The club believe Goodison Park, their home since 1892, can no longer generate sufficient revenue from a maximum capacity of 39,600. In April, Liverpool City Council reaffirmed its commitment to working with Everton on the prospect of a new stadium. It was last year the Toffees revealed they were exploring options for a new home inside the city boundaries of Liverpool. Everton's current stadium Goodison Park has a maximum capacity of 39,600 and they want to up it to 50,000 .
highlights: Everton edge closer to announcing a breakthrough over a new 50,000-capacity stadium this week . Goodison Park, their home since 1892, can no longer generate sufficient revenue from a maximum capacity of 39,600 . Everton want to move to nearby Walton Hall Park and have been talking to the council to remain within the city boundaries of Liverpool . Chairman Bill Kenwright claims Walton Hall Park site ticks all the right boxes for a new Toffees ground .
id: a791efbcf1df2ac45e4ebb7ddd716b39338dc443
chatgpt: Everton Football Club is getting closer to announcing a significant breakthrough in their bid to build a brand new stadium with a capacity of 50,000 people. The club's current home, Goodison Park, has been their base since 1892 however its maximum capacity of 39,600 is no longer enough to generate sufficient revenue for the club to compete with the Premier League's elite. The Toffees have been in discussions with the local council for several years about the possibility of moving to Walton Hall Park, just a short distance away from their current home, and staying within the city boundaries of Liverpool. Chairman Bill Kenwright has been leading the talks and believes that the site is the perfect location for a new home for Everton. Speaking about the potential move, Kenwright said: "We have said all along that Goodison Park is no longer fit for purpose in terms of what Everton Football Club wants to achieve in the future. We need a stadium that can hold more fans, generate more revenue and give the team the platform it needs to compete at the highest level." The proposed new stadium has been designed to not only provide fans with a state-of-the-art matchday experience, but also to act as a catalyst for regeneration of the surrounding area. The club has worked closely with the council to ensure that the site meets all of their criteria and promises to be a source of pride for the city of Liverpool. Everton fans have been eagerly awaiting news of the proposed new stadium and are excited about the prospect of a purpose-built home for their beloved club. The new stadium is expected to include all of the latest amenities and technology, including a retractable roof, high-quality pitch and modern seating arrangements. In addition to boosting the club's revenue potential, the new stadium also promises to provide a major economic boost to the area. The club has estimated that the project could create up to 15,000 new jobs and generate over £1bn in revenue for the Everton region. If the new stadium is approved, it will be a significant milestone for the club and its supporters. Everton has a proud history and tradition, and the move to a new stadium will signal a new era for the Toffees. It remains to be seen when the announcement will be made, but Everton fans will no doubt be eagerly waiting for the news. If all goes to plan, the new stadium could be ready to open its doors to fans in just a few years.