article: Sanaa, Yemen (CNN) -- Thousands of Yemeni women marched toward the attorney general's office in the capital Saturday demanding legal action for what they called the president's attacks on their morality. Similar demonstrations took place in other cities as well fueled by President Ali Abdullah Saleh's comments the day before. In a short speech Friday, Saleh said women who were protesting against his regime were violating Yemeni cultural norms that prohibit mixing with men who are not direct relatives. He called it forbidden behavior in Islam and advised women to stay home. Angry female activists said Saleh was trying to degrade them in public. Prominent activist Tawakkol Karman said Saleh was shocked to see women leading Yemen's revolt. "Saleh has finally shown the world his real face and his hatred against women," said Karman, a leading member of Islah, the largest opposition party in Yemen. "Women have ruled Yemen on numerous occasions throughout Yemen's history," she said. "That is why he has tried to oppress women for the 33 years he has been in power." The government said protesters "misused" Saleh's comments, prompted by a belief that the opposition was using women and youth to promote their own agenda, and not the greater good of Yemen. "Saleh is the first to support women's rights and has always shown interest in involving women in Yemeni politics," said Zaid Thari, a senior member of the ruling General People's Congress party. "Saleh was advising protesters and not acting against women in specific." Anti-government demonstrators in Yemen have been calling for reforms and the ouster of Saleh for many weeks. Recently, women have shown their faces in greater numbers. They took to the streets in 10 provinces Saturday, holding firm on their demands that Saleh step down. Karman said Saleh is scared he will be known as the leader overthrown by women. Another prominent activist, Amal Basha, said it was Saleh who was using religion to prevent women's participation. "I consider women protesters here as if they are doing holy work, a holy job," Basha said. "Why is he (Saleh) trying to demonize and undermine what they are doing? Saleh uses religion to give himself legitimacy and support his policies." Yemen's largest opposition bloc rejected Saleh's stance against women. The Joint Meeting Parties said Islam grants women more rights. "Saleh's comments against the purity of women protesters are a clear indication that his oppressive regime does not respect any rights of expression and wants women to be led by men at all times," said Mohammed Sabri, a senior bloc official. Even the conservative tribal coalition of Mareb and Jawf warned Saleh against attacking women's rights, saying that tribal culture has always given women the right to lead if they so desire. "Women ruled Yemen numerous times in the past with success," said Ali Obaid, a senior member of the coalition. "Yemeni women lead the Yemeni revolution and men follow."
highlights: Women have been protesting in greater numbers in recent weeks . They lashed out at President Saleh for advising them to stay home . They said Saleh called them un-Islamic and attacked their morality . The government says protesters are "misusing" Saleh's comments .
id: 6077893092003901698f62796cbff8dfaa94767b
chatgpt: In Yemen, there has been an increase in the number of women participating in protests in recent weeks. These women are demanding their rights and a more equal society. However, their efforts were met with an unexpected and unpleasant response from the country's president, Ali Abdullah Saleh. On Tuesday, Saleh addressed the issue of women's participation in protests saying that they should stay home and not participate in the demonstrations. He called the women protesters un-Islamic and attacked their morality. According to Saleh, women should not go outside to protest as it is not in line with Yemeni traditions. Saleh's comments, however, were not well received by the Yemeni women, who quickly lashed out at the president. Women's rights activists criticized Saleh's remarks, and many Yemeni women took to social media to express their outrage. Women who had taken part in protests in the past were particularly disappointed by Saleh's comments. They argued that women's participation in protests is a way to demand their rights and improve their society. They also pointed out that the Yemeni government had failed to provide adequate support for women's rights. The Yemeni government, however, has defended Saleh's remarks, arguing that the protesters were misusing the president's comments. The government insisted that the president's comments were meant to encourage women to join the national dialogue on resolving the country's political crisis. This stand by the Yemeni government has further angered women's rights activists in the country. The activists have vowed to continue their protests and demand their rights. They accused Saleh and his government of trying to silence their voices and prevent them from participating in the country's political processes. The issue of women's rights in Yemen has been a contentious one for many years. The country has one of the lowest rates of gender equality in the world, and women have limited access to education, healthcare, and economic opportunities. Women's participation in politics and civil society is also restricted, and they are often subject to discrimination and violence. The recent upsurge in women's participation in protests, however, is a sign of change. Yemeni women are demanding their rights and demanding to be heard. They are showing that they will not be silenced, and that they will not be satisfied until they achieve true gender equality. The government would do well to listen to the demands of women and take action to address the obstacles that women face. As long as women are denied equal rights and opportunities in Yemen, the country will continue to lag behind and fail to reach its full potential. The challenge now is ensuring that Yemeni women's voices are heard and that they are included in the country's political processes.