article: By . Robin Cottle for MailOnline . Former Arsenal striker Kevin Campbell doesn't think Alexis Sanchez is the man to fire the Gunners to title glory. The Chilean forward arrived in a £30 million deal from Barcelona this summer and boss Arsene Wenger hopes he's the man to help end a 10-year Premier League title drought. But speaking to the Weekend Sports Breakfast on talkSPORT, Campbell claims Wenger hasn't addressed the deficiencies in his squad - namely a reliable goalscorer and midfield powerhouse. Leading the line: Kevin Campbell doubts whether Alexis Sanchez will solve Arsenal's problems . He said: 'Alexis Sanchez is a fantastic signing but I don't think the problems have really been addressed. 'I like the Calum Chambers signing but he's going to take a bit of time to bed in. The two main problems were the centre of the pitch and a noted goalscorer and they haven't addressed that problem. 'If you struggled against the top boys and you don't address the problems, then you can't expect a different result in my opinion.' As well as Sanchez, Wenger has brought in Chambers in for £12 million from Southampton and French defender Mathieu Debuchy arrived for £10 million from Newcastle. Big ambitions: Sanchez (right) and team-mates Mikel Arteta and Mathieu Flamini will be hoping to prove Campbell wrong this season . On the ball: Sanchez (right) takes on Yannick Bolasie on his Premier League debut . New kid on the block: Sanchez is expected to be a key player for Arsenal this season as they chase glory . But attempts to sign World Cup winning Real Madrid midfielder Sami Khedira has failed and Campbell, who also played for Everton and Nottingham Forest, said the Gunners are still short in the middle of the park. And Campbell questions whether the former Barcelona man, who scored 21 goals in all competitions for the Catalans last season, has the physical attributes to lead the line in English football. He said: 'Coming from Barcelona is different to playing in the Premier League. 'Sanchez is going to get a lot more physical pressure against him, so I don't see him as being a centre forward who can take the hits. 'I don't see him being that central striker.' Arsenal verdict: Kevin Campbell takes on Oldham during his time with the Gunners and will follow his former club keenly this season . Campbell scored 59 goals in 228 games for the Gunners from 1988 until leaving for Nottingham Forest in 1995. Sanchez played the full 90 minutes as Arsenal beat Crystal Palace 2-1 on the opening day of the Premier League season.
highlights: Alexis Sanchez arrived in a £30 million deal this summer . The Chilean World Cup star made his Premier League debut in the 2-1 win over Crystal Palace . Sanchez, 25, scored 21 goals in all competitions for Barcelona last season . But former striker Campbell doesn't think Arsenal manager has addressed problems from last season - a noted goalscorer and power in midfield .
id: 278ee401b0426664e414a52444cc86f3bddf5ef0
chatgpt: Alexis Sanchez, the Chilean World Cup star, arrived at Arsenal FC in a £30 million deal this summer. The striker made his highly anticipated Premier League debut in the opening game of the season against Crystal Palace. The game ended with a 2-1 win for Arsenal, and it gave the fans a first glimpse of their new mega signing in action. Sanchez is widely regarded as one of the best footballers in the world, and his arrival has been hailed as a major coup for the Gunners. He scored 21 goals in all competitions for his former club, FC Barcelona, last season, and he is expected to have a similar impact at Arsenal. Despite his obvious talent, not everyone is convinced that Sanchez is the solution to Arsenal's problems from last season. Former Arsenal striker, Kevin Campbell, believes that the Gunners need more than just a noted goalscorer and power in midfield if they are to be genuine title contenders. "Arsenal had problems last season in terms of scoring goals and controlling the midfield," Campbell said. "Sanchez is a great player, but he can't do it all on his own. Arsene Wenger needs to strengthen other areas of the team if they are to challenge for the title this season." Campbell's concerns are not unfounded. Last season, Arsenal struggled to score goals against the top teams in the Premier League, and they were often out-muscled in midfield. Wenger has brought in Sanchez, but he has yet to make any significant moves to address these other issues. However, it's not all doom and gloom for Arsenal fans. The arrival of Sanchez has injected a new sense of optimism into the club, and there are signs that Wenger is looking to strengthen other areas of the team. The Gunners have been linked with a number of top class midfielders, including Sami Khedira and Morgan Schneiderlin, while rumours persist that they are also in the market for a new striker. The fact that Sanchez has hit the ground running is also encouraging. He played the full 90 minutes against Crystal Palace, and although he did not score, he showed glimpses of the skill and flair that have made him one of the most sought after players in world football. After the game, Wenger was full of praise for his new signing. "Sanchez is a world class player, and I am delighted to have him at the club," he said. "His work rate and commitment to the team were fantastic, and I am sure he will be a major asset for us this season." Whether or not Sanchez will be able to solve all of Arsenal's problems remains to be seen, but one thing is for sure – he is a superb addition to the team. He has already become a fan favourite, and his signing has given the Gunners a much-needed boost ahead of what promises to be a long and challenging season.