article: (CNN) -- Seth Green and Matt Senreich, known for their maniacally inventive manipulation of action figures on "Robot Chicken," now want the viewing public to have a similar sense of control over a real person. Their vision arrives in the form of "ControlTV," a new Web series that takes the standard reality format and adds to it an element of interactivity, possibly creating a novel form of entertainment in the process. Green and Senreich are joined in the venture by "The Bachelor" director Ken Fuchs, former president of Dimension Films, Richard Saperstein, commercial director Stephen Kessler and the full-service video network DBG. The premise of "ControlTV" is simple: For six weeks, the life of an unemployed 20-something named Tristan Couvares is documented and streamed live on the internet for 18 hours a day. The hook is that he's agreed to relinquish his own free will for that of the collective, meaning viewers can vote on just about everything he does. They'll decide what he eats, where he goes, who he dates, even the frequency and duration of his workouts, all in real time. To some, this might sound like an opportunity for a bunch of Web-trolling sadists to anonymously mess with a stranger, but Green and Senreich's intentions seem genuinely benevolent. Tristan's at a cross-roads in his life, doesn't have a job, a girlfriend or an abundance of accomplishments, and he's basically not sure what to do with himself. The hope is that viewers will help him figure that out, that the wisdom of the crowd will point him in the right direction. It helps that Tristan's a likable guy, as his success will probably depend on whether or not the voters are pulling for him. The show's essentially a character study, but not only of Tristan. It's the general character of the audience, or people in general, that will be revealed most tellingly, based on how they treat him. Lastly, it's worth noting that "ControlTV" is much less filtered than other reality shows. Nothing much happens at times, but that's almost preferable to the overly-contrived situations that typify rest of the genre. As we watch Tristan make breakfast, click a mouse or sit in a chair, we'll be surprised most of all by the fact that we're still watching, but Green and Senreich understand that even the most mundane moments can become fascinating from a voyeuristic distance.
highlights: Seth Green and Matt Senreich have launched the online reality webisodes, "ControlTV" Life of unemployed 20-something Tristan Couvares documented, streamed online . "Bachelor" director Ken Fuchs, Richard Saperstein and Stephen Kessler helped produce .
id: c4420b0b167150529552cbca951da1ce842f96fb
chatgpt: Seth Green, the actor and producer, and his partner Matt Senreich, have partnered to launch a new online reality webisode series called "ControlTV" which will focus on documenting the life of Tristan Couvares, an unemployed 20-something. The show will be a unique experience for viewers who will have the opportunity to influence daily activities of the subject.   According to reports, "ControlTV" will be streamed online and is expected to offer a fresh perspective on reality shows, as the viewers will be provided with the opportunity to influence the daily activities of the subject. The show is being produced by an all-star team, including "Bachelor" director Ken Fuchs, Richard Saperstein and Stephen Kessler.  Seth Green, also an actor in the television series "Family Guy," expressed his enthusiasm for the project, saying that with "ControlTV," the traditional way of producing reality shows will be reimagined, as the viewers will be able to actively interact with the subject while watching the show. He emphasized that this is not just entertainment, but an opportunity for the audience to have a say in the direction of the show. The show's star, Tristan Couvares, is a 20-something unemployed individual who has agreed to have his every move documented and streamed online for the world to see. "ControlTV" will follow his day-to-day life, including his work (if he gets employed during the course of the show) and personal interactions. Viewers will be able to suggest the activities which he should undertake, such as what he should eat, where he should go or even what he should say to other people. The show cannot be seen as merely a reality webisode, as the unique element of the show is that it concentrates on the audience who are involved in directing the plot progression. Therefore, fans of reality shows may find the interactivity the exciting element of the show.  "ControlTV" will offer this immersive experience to viewers for free, with ads subsidizing the show. The model has as already paid dividends, as the creators have already received accolades for this innovative concept.  Basing on the audience response, the future of "ControlTV" remains undetermined. One of the founders, Matt Senreich, admitted that exploring the direction, the show should take is a learning process for them. Feedback from viewers, including comments on social media platforms, will assist the creators to improve the content of the show. In conclusion, "ControlTV" is more than just a reality show, it is an interactive experience, and the unique concept may create a new type of reality program for the future in how an audience views them. The show already has a strong following, and producers can use the opportunity to improve the content of the show based on suggestions from viewers.  This innovative program is one to watch if one loves interacting with their favorite show characters, and online platforms for entertainment are sure to be transformed by this show's inclusivity.