article: Manchester United legend Paul Scholes believes that Liverpool forward Luis Suarez is making a ‘mistake’ by signing for Barcelona. The controversial Uruguayan is set for a summer move to the Catalan side, after Liverpool entered formal discussions with the Barcelona chiefs this week after Suarez received a four-month ban from world football for biting Italy defender Giorgio Chiellini at the World Cup. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Suarez scoring a belter against Japan . Painful move? Paul Scholes believes Barcelona target Luis Suarez would be better suited at Real Madrid . Top dog: Scholes doesn't think that Suarez would play well alongside Barcelona's talisman Lionel Messi . Hungry? Suarez (left) was banned for four months by FIFA after biting Giorgio Chiellini (right) Scholes, however, has questioned whether Suarez will fit into the Barcelona side along with Argentine star Lionel Messi and the former England international even suggested that the striker would be better served signing for Real Madrid. Writing in his Paddy Power . blog, Scholes said: ‘If Luis Suarez does sign for Barcelona from . Liverpool, will Lionel Messi ‘accept’ him? Suarez is a centre forward . and he won’t want to play out wide. I can’t see Suarez and Messi linking . well together. ‘It . seems to me, if Messi likes you, you’ll play. If he doesn’t, you’re . wasting your time. And, to be honest, I think Suarez is making a bit of a . mistake going to Barcelona – he’d be better suited to Real Madrid.’ Meanwhile, former Liverpool striker . Michael Owen has backed Liverpool’s decision to finally part with . Suarez, suggesting that the Uruguayan’s repeat offences may render his . career in English football as untenable. He blogged on Sportlobster.com: ‘If I were the Liverpool manager I would probably sell Suarez, but only if the deal was right for the club. ‘Given his misdemeanours in the last few seasons, it will be very difficult for him to continue to play in England. ‘If the deal was right for Liverpool, it would be best for all concerned if he moved on to a new club. ‘But it would have to be a club outside of the Premier League and at a price of £70million plus.’ VIDEO Suarez to Barca talks open . No go: Michael Owen thinks Suarez's past misdemeanors mean playing in England again is untenable . VIDEO Suarez family say he should leave Liverpool .
highlights: Paul Scholes believes Luis Suarez is making a mistake if he joins Barcelona . Barcelona are in talks with Liverpool to sign the Uruguay forward . Suarez is currently banned for four months from all football activities after biting Italy's Giorgio Chiellini during their World Cup game in June . Scholes thinks Suarez wouldn't play well together with Lionel Messi .
id: 9a1cfd33274b82d7ef1a5eab79e65b7c3cd6af9f
chatgpt: Former Manchester United midfielder Paul Scholes has expressed his concerns about Luis Suarez's potential move to Barcelona. The Spanish club is reportedly in talks with Liverpool to sign the Uruguayan forward, who is currently serving a four-month ban from all football activities. Suarez was banned after biting Italy's Giorgio Chiellini during their World Cup game in June. The incident raised questions about the player's temperament and his ability to keep his emotions in check on the pitch. Scholes, who was a renowned midfielder during his playing days, believes that Suarez could be making a mistake by joining Barcelona. The Englishman thinks that the Uruguayan striker wouldn't play well together with Lionel Messi, the club's star player. "Barcelona have already got one of the best players in the world in Messi," Scholes said in an interview with ESPN FC. "Do they really need someone like Suarez as well? I'm not sure that they do. Suarez is a great player, but I don't think he would fit in well with Messi and the way Barcelona play." Scholes is not the only one who is skeptical about Suarez's potential move to Barcelona. Former Real Madrid player and coach Jorge Valdano has also expressed his doubts about the Uruguayan's ability to play alongside Messi. "Suarez and Messi would be two great players on the pitch, but they would be like two kings in the same court," Valdano said in an interview with El Pais. "It would be very difficult to make them play together." Suarez has been one of the most prolific strikers in the Premier League for the past few seasons. He scored 31 goals in 33 league appearances for Liverpool last season, helping the club finish second in the table. However, his disciplinary issues have overshadowed his on-field performances in recent years. He has been banned for biting opponents three times in the past four years, including the incident with Chiellini during the World Cup. Despite his ban, Barcelona remains keen on signing Suarez. The Spanish club is reportedly willing to pay around £70 million for the striker's services. If Suarez does join Barcelona, he will be expected to form a deadly attacking partnership with Messi and Neymar. However, as Scholes and Valdano have pointed out, making three world-class players work together seamlessly is easier said than done.