article: SUSSEX, Virginia (CNN) -- Suspended NFL quarterback Michael Vick must adhere to tightened restrictions after he tested positive for marijuana use, a federal judge said Wednesday. Suspended Atlanta Falcons quarterback Michael Vick tested positive for marijuana in a September 13 drug test. Vick tested positive for the drug on September 13, a court document from the Eastern District of Virginia shows. As a result, U.S. District Judge Henry E. Hudson ordered Vick to "submit to any method of testing required by the pretrial services officer or the supervising officer for determining whether the defendant is using a prohibited substance." Those methods could include random drug testing, a remote alcohol testing system "and/or any form of prohibited substance screening or testing," the order said. Vick, 27, must participate in substance abuse therapy and mental health counseling "if deemed advisable by the pretrial services officer or supervising officer" at his own expense, the order said. Vick was also ordered to stay home between 10 p.m. and 6 a.m., "or as directed by the pretrial services officer or supervising officer," the order said. He is to be electronically monitored during that time. The conditions are to apply until Vick's sentencing, which is set for December 10.  Read about the federal case against Vick » . "This is a very difficult time for Mr. Vick," said Billy Martin, Vick's lead defense counsel, in a written statement. "He will comply with the court's new conditions regarding release." Vick faces a possible prison term of 12 to 18 months after his August guilty plea to federal conspiracy charges related to dogfighting on his property in Surry County, Virginia. The original terms of the pretrial release, set in July by U.S. Magistrate Dennis W. Dohnal, required that Vick not use narcotic drugs or other controlled substances unless prescribed by a doctor. Vick's guilty plea in the federal case came after three associates -- Purnell Peace, 35, of Virginia Beach, Virginia; Quanis Phillips, 28, of Atlanta, Georgia; and Tony Taylor, 34, of Hampton, Virginia -- admitted their roles in the operation and agreed to cooperate with prosecutors. On Tuesday, a Virginia grand jury indicted Vick and the three co-defendants on state charges of running a dogfighting ring at the home.  See a timeline of the case against Vick » . The Surry County grand jury brought two charges against Vick: one count of unlawfully torturing and killing dogs and one of promoting dogfights. Each is a felony charge that could result in a five-year prison term. Vick will be arraigned October 3 in state court in Virginia. Vick's attorneys say they are fighting the state charges on the grounds that he can't be convicted twice of the same crime. E-mail to a friend . CNN's Eric Fiegel contributed to this report.
highlights: Vick's September 13 drug test shows marijuana use . Pretrial release conditions tightened; must stay home from 10 p.m. to 6 a.m. Virginia grand jury indicts Vick and the three co-defendants on state charges . Vick already faces up to 18 months in prison after federal plea deal .
id: fbb06b75e3963c5a810c9f73e4dc5382fbcb7405
chatgpt: On Thursday, September 13, a drug test revealed that former NFL quarterback Michael Vick had used marijuana, causing his pretrial release conditions to be tightened. He must now stay home between the hours of 10 p.m. and 6 a.m. as a result of this infraction. Vick is already facing a potential sentence of up to 18 months in prison due to a federal plea deal he made earlier this year related to charges of dogfighting. The new revelation of his marijuana use is sure to complicate matters for his legal team. Furthermore, a Virginia grand jury has now officially indicted Vick and his three co-defendants on state charges, adding even more legal trouble to the already embattled athlete's plate. The charges stem from allegations that Vick had been involved in a dogfighting ring operating out of his property in Virginia. The indictment accuses Vick and his co-defendants of "promoting, transporting, and participating in dogfighting activities" and of "killing dogs that did not perform well." While Vick has not yet been convicted of any of these charges, the indictment casts a dark shadow over his future both on and off the field. It remains to be seen how the case will play out in court, but if he is ultimately found guilty, Vick could be facing many years in prison. The shocking news of Vick's drug use has also caused some to wonder about the other challenges he may be facing in his life. After all, marijuana use is often a sign of deeper problems, whether they be emotional, mental, or simply the result of poor decision making. Whatever the cause, it is clear that Vick is in a very difficult position right now. Despite being one of the most talented athletes in recent memory, he has spent the past few years embroiled in a high-profile scandal that has cost him his career, his reputation, and potentially his freedom. As the legal process grinds on, it is important to remember that Michael Vick is not just a criminal defendant, but also a human being in need of help and support. Whether or not he is ultimately held accountable for his alleged crimes, it is clear that he has a long road ahead of him if he is to find his way back to a happy, healthy life.