article: Real Madrid will face either Mexican side Cruz Azul or the yet to be determined club champions of Asia in the semi-finals of the Club World Cup in December. The Champions League winners are three-times victors of the tournament in its previous guise as the Intercontinental Cup, and will be heavy favourites going into this year's event to be held in Morocco. Their opponents in the semi-finals could yet be one of three clubs, with Cruz Azul having already booked a quarter-final place against Western Sydney Wanderers from Australia or Al-Hilal of Saudi Arabia, who  still have the second leg of the Asian Champions League Final to play. Cristiano Ronaldo and Gareth Bale in action for Real Madrid against Athletic Bilbao last Sunday . In the other half of the draw South American champions San Lorenzo of Argentina could face one of four sides. Moroccan league winners Moghreb Tetouan have been entered to represent the host nation, but must first overcome the challenge of Oceania champions Auckland City in a play-off that will open the tournament on December 10. That will determine the quarter-final opponents for the winners of the African Champions League, with the final between ES Setif of Algeria and AS Vita Club from DR Congo also to be concluded on November 1. The World Club Cup trophy on display during the draw  which took place in Morocco on Saturday . The winner of that quarter-final will advance to play the Argentine side in the second semi-final on December 17, with Real Madrid in action the day before. Morocco is hosting the tournament for the second time after also holding it last year when Bayern Munich lifted the trophy after beating home side Raja Casablanca 2-0 in the final. To be played in Morocco from December 10-20 . Play-off round: . December 10 - Moghreb Tetouan (Morocco) v Auckland City (New Zealand) Quarter-finals: . December 13 - African champions v Moghreb Tetouan/Auckland City . December 13 - Cruz Azul (Mexico) v Asia champions . Semi-finals: . December 16 - Real Madrid (Spain) v Cruz Azul/Asian champions . December 17 - San Lorenzo (Argentina) v Moghreb Tetouan/Auckland City/African champions .
highlights: Real Madrid will play Mexican side Cruz Azul or the winners of the Asian Champions League in the semi-final of the Club World Cup in December . The tournament set to take place in Morocco from December 10-20 . Champions League winners are three-times champions of the tournament .
id: e355f40aad076ac7fafac39088fa841d30ca5ef8
chatgpt: Real Madrid, the UEFA Champions League winners, are set to face either Cruz Azul of Mexico or the winners of the Asian Champions League in the semi-finals of the upcoming Club World Cup. The tournament is scheduled to take place in Morocco from December 10-20. This will be Real Madrid's fourth appearance in the tournament, having won it three times previously. They will be looking to add another trophy to their already impressive collection. The Club World Cup is an annual international club football competition that features top teams from different continents. The winners of the UEFA Champions League and the Copa Libertadores, along with the champions of the other continental club competitions, compete for the title of the best team in the world. Real Madrid won the Champions League for the fourth time in ten years last season, defeating Liverpool in the final. They scored 17 goals in the competition and conceded only two, cementing their place as one of the best teams in Europe. In the 2017 Club World Cup, Real Madrid defeated Brazilian side Gremio 1-0 in the final to claim their third title in the tournament. They had previously won the competition in 2014 and 2016. Cruz Azul, on the other hand, have never won the Club World Cup. They qualified for the tournament by winning the CONCACAF Champions League earlier this year. The winners of the Asian Champions League have also not won the Club World Cup before. They will be hoping to make history by defeating Real Madrid in the semi-finals and going all the way to win the competition. The Club World Cup is seen as an opportunity for top teams from different continents to showcase their skills and compete for the title of the best team in the world. With Real Madrid's impressive record in the competition, they will be the team to beat this year. The tournament is set to take place in Morocco, with matches being played in two different cities. The Group Stage matches will take place between December 11-15, followed by the semi-finals on December 18 and 19, and the final on December 22. Real Madrid will be hoping to continue their winning streak in the Club World Cup and claim their fourth title in the tournament. With their impressive form in the UEFA Champions League, they will be looking to prove once again that they are one of the best teams in the world.