article: (CNN) -- George Clooney 1, Daily Mail newspaper 0. The British newspaper's website deleted an article about Clooney, his fiancee, Amal Alamuddin, and her mother, Baria, on Wednesday, after Clooney said the article was "completely fabricated" and even "dangerous." The website subsequently apologized and said it had "launched a full investigation." The offending article came out on the Web on Monday and in print on Tuesday. While it is now missing from the Mail's site, rewritten versions of it still appear on hundreds of other sites -- a point that Clooney himself made in an unusual response to the Mail, published by USA Today on Wednesday morning. In order to rebut the article, Clooney had to repeat some of what it said. "The Daily Mail has printed a completely fabricated story about my fiancee's mother opposing our marriage for religious reasons," Clooney wrote in USA Today. "It says Amal's mother has been telling 'half of Beirut' that she's against the wedding. It says they joke about traditions in the Druze religion that end up with the death of the bride." None of that is true, Clooney said. Clooney, of course, is used to media misbehavior -- thinly sourced stories about celebrities of his stature are a daily occurrence, and "I seldom respond," he wrote. "But this lie involves larger issues," he wrote. "The irresponsibility, in this day and age, to exploit religious differences where none exist, is at the very least negligent and more appropriately dangerous. We have family members all over the world, and the idea that someone would inflame any part of that world for the sole reason of selling papers should be criminal." Later on, he suggested that the Mail had moved "into the arena of inciting violence." So was the Mail story completely made up? MailOnline, the Web division of the newspaper, said Wednesday that it was "not a fabrication"; rather, it was "supplied in good faith by a reputable and trusted freelance journalist." The Mail said the journalist "based her story on conversations with a long-standing contact who has strong connections with senior members of the Lebanese community in the UK and the Druze in Beirut." In other words, the journalist played a particularly bad game of telephone, repeating what one person was saying about what other people were allegedly saying about Clooney's future mother-in-law. "We accept Mr. Clooney's assurance that the story is inaccurate and we apologise to him, Miss Amal Alamuddin and her mother, Baria, for any distress caused," the Mail said in a statement. "We have removed the article from our website and will be contacting Mr. Clooney's representatives to discuss giving him the opportunity to set the record straight." What we know about George Clooney's fiancee . Photos: The women who captured George Clooney's heart . CNN's Joan Yeam contributed to this report.
highlights: Daily Mail said Clooney's future mother-in-law opposes his marriage on religious grounds . Clooney responds in USA Today, calling the story "completely fabricated" and "dangerous" The story was removed from the Mail's website, and the paper is investigating . Clooney rarely responds to the media's stories about his personal life .
id: 15d392a52eea6b0758dd25fceae519300df66e4d
chatgpt: Hollywood actor George Clooney has hit back at the Daily Mail over a story which had been published online, claiming that his future mother-in-law was opposed to his marriage on religious grounds. In an unprecedented move, Clooney took to the opinion section of USA Today to refute the claims, which he labelled "completely fabricated" and "dangerous." The Mail piece, which appeared on Monday, claimed that Amal Alamuddin's mother opposed the couple's marriage on religious grounds, adding that her family was not happy that Alamuddin, a human rights lawyer, was marrying outside her religion. The report also claimed that the Clooneys would not be having a Muslim wedding. However, Clooney responded with a strongly-worded op-ed in USA Today, describing the report as "irresponsible journalism" and "putting her (Amal's) family at risk." The actor, known for his reluctance to discuss his private life, went on to say that he felt the story was an attempt to spread religious hate and prejudice. "I seldom respond to tabloids, unless it involves someone else and their safety or well-being. But this lie involves larger issues. The irresponsibility, in this day and age, to exploit religious differences where none exist, is at the very least negligent and more appropriately dangerous." Clooney's comments have put pressure on the Daily Mail to address the issue. In a statement, the newspaper said that the article had been removed from its website and that it was "investigating the matter." It is unclear whether the investigation will lead to disciplinary action against the journalist responsible for the piece. The spat has attracted attention from a number of media outlets, with many commentators questioning the validity of the claims made by the Daily Mail. Some have even speculated that the paper fabricated the story entirely to attract more readers, a view echoed by some on social media. Clooney, known for his humanitarian work and activism, has frequently spoken out against hate and bigotry. His decision to speak out against the Daily Mail's story reflects his commitment to combat prejudice in all its forms. The actor has been engaged to Alamuddin, a British-Lebanese lawyer, since April of this year. The couple are expected to marry in Venice later this month, although Clooney has refused to confirm any details about the ceremony. The episode has once again highlighted the challenges facing celebrities and their families in the face of intrusive media scrutiny. While Clooney's response is unlikely to deter the tabloid press from publishing further stories, it sends a strong message about the importance of journalistic integrity and the need to respect individual privacy. In a world where the lines between fact and fiction are increasingly blurred, Clooney's actions serve as a reminder that celebrity gossip can have real-life consequences. As media outlets continue to compete for readers and viewers, it is up to all of us to demand accuracy and responsibility in reporting, and to call out those who seek to exploit differences for their own gain.