article: (CNN) -- A 14-year-old California boy told police he drowned his 4-year-old neighbor on Friday because the child had threatened to tell his mother the older boy had molested him, according to an affidavit made public Wednesday. Raul Renato Castro has been charged in Fresno County as an adult, with special circumstances including murder during a child molestation, sodomy, kidnapping and murder of a witness to prevent testimony, according to the district attorney's office. He faces separate felony charges of kidnapping, sodomy and child molestation. The affidavit, filed by the Fresno County Sheriff's Department, says Castro told investigators he lured the victim, Alex Christopher Mercato, into his apartment "by telling the victim he had something to show him." Police have said no one else was in the Mendota, California, house at the time. Castro then talked the boy into entering the bathroom, according to the document. Castro said he then sodomized the child, after which "the victim tripped over the carpet, fell, and hit the back of his head on the bathtub," the affidavit says. "Castro said the victim started crying and told Castro he was going to tell his mother. Castro said he panicked and decided to kill the victim by drowning him in the bathtub. "Castro turned on the water to the bathtub and filled it up just enough to put the victim's face underwater and drowned him. Castro said he held the victim underwater 2-4 minutes. Castro got into the bathtub with the victim, held him down until the victim died." "Castro then carried the victim over his left shoulder and put him [in]... the clothes dryer to conceal him." The incident occurred Friday afternoon, after Mercato's parents discovered that their child, who had been playing outside their house, was missing, Fresno County Sheriff Margaret Mims told reporters Monday. The parents called police, who searched the neighborhood and nearby parks in Mendota, 33 miles west of Fresno, she said. Soon, the FBI was called in. On Saturday, authorities resumed the search and found the body stuffed inside the dryer in the apartment next door. An autopsy determined the victim had drowned. Under California law, a 14-year-old is not eligible for the death penalty or a sentence of life without the possibility of parole. If found guilty, Castro could receive no more than 32 years to life plus 15 years.
highlights: Police say victim threatened to tell mother teen had molested him . California 14-year-old has been charged as an adult . Teen faces charges including murder of a witness, molestation, kidnapping .
id: 8c2656604d99810e8c9ed1de33851a5c75157e63
chatgpt: A 14-year-old teenager from California has been charged with several heinous crimes as an adult. The teen faces charges including murder of a witness, molestation, and kidnapping. According to police reports, the victim had threatened to tell the teenager's mother that he had molested him. It is believed that this threat was the motive for the murder. The victim's identity has not been revealed, and it is unclear how the two teenagers knew each other. However, reports suggest that the victim may have been a witness to the teenager's other crimes. The teenager's family is said to be devastated by the charges. It is reported that they are seeking legal representation for their son. Under California law, juveniles can be charged as adults for some serious crimes, including murder. However, many are calling for reform of this law, arguing that children's brains are not fully developed, and they should not be held to the same legal standards as adults. The charges come amid a growing concern over sex crimes against minors. According to the National Sexual Violence Resource Center, one in six boys and one in four girls will experience sexual abuse before the age of 18. Several high-profile cases have brought attention to this issue, including the conviction of former USA Gymnastics team doctor Larry Nassar. Nassar was found guilty of sexually abusing dozens of young female athletes over several years. Many advocates are calling for increased education and awareness about sexual abuse, as well as stronger laws to protect victims and prosecute perpetrators. Meanwhile, the 14-year-old teenager will face trial as an adult for his alleged crimes. If convicted, he could face life in prison without the possibility of parole. The case has shocked the community and brought renewed attention to the need for better protections for minors. As the case progresses, many will be watching closely to see how justice is served for the victim and the accused.