article: LONDON, England (CNN) -- Madonna's planned adoption of a Malawian girl will apparently go forward, despite earlier opposition from the girl's family, a reporter for the ITN television network told CNN Sunday. The pop star arrived in Malawi on Sunday. Madonna holds her adopted Malawian son, David Banda, in 2007. "The family, I'm told, were admittedly reluctant to agree to this, but they've softened after learning more about this, the upbringing that Mercy will be given and they think perhaps it is in her best interest," ITN reporter Martin Geisler told CNN. The girl, who is about 4, is named Mercy James. Her uncle is scheduled to sign adoption agreement papers in a Malawian court on Monday, Geisler said. Geisler said Malawians' public opinion toward Madonna softened after she was interviewed by the Malawi Nation newspaper and released family photographs showing a happy David Banda -- a Malawian boy she adopted more than two years ago. "The sense, I'm told, in Malawi after that, was, 'Well, the little boy looks well, he looks happy, he looks well looked after. Perhaps we shouldn't be so hard on her,'" said Geisler. A British children's charity earlier asked the pop star to reconsider her reported plans to adopt a girl from the country. Save the Children spokesman Dominic Nutt said the child would be better off staying in Malawi than being raised by the recently divorced singer, who has three other children, including the adopted Malawian boy. "The best place for a child is in his or her family in their home community," he said. "Most children in orphanages have one parent still living, or have an extended family that can care for them in the absence of their parents." Critics of the singer had argued she should donate money to orphanages in Malawi, rather than adopt another child. The charity argued that foreign adoptions should happen only if a child does not have any relatives, and all other options have been considered. The 50-year-old performer is a big supporter of Malawi. She made a documentary, "I Am Because We Are," which highlighted poverty and AIDS and other diseases devastating Malawi's children. She also helps run a nonprofit group, Raising Malawi, which implements initiatives to help the needy in the southeastern Africa nation. On Sunday, Madonna toured the village of Chinkhota, assessing plans to build a school there and other possible Raising Malawi investments. CNN's Nesta Distin contributed to this report.
highlights: The superstar arrived in Malawi on Sunday . She reportedly wants to adopt a young girl named Mercy James . The child's family has reportedly consented to the adoption . Save the Children spokesman says Madonna should reconsider the move .
id: adb1c4b127873a18022887a79fda583b5a76ffde
chatgpt: International popstar Madonna has arrived in Malawi on Sunday with her sights set on adopting a young girl named Mercy James. According to reports, the child's family has given their consent to the adoption, sparking mixed reactions from both Malawi residents and international organizations. However, Save the Children spokesman Gerald Walusimbi has urged Madonna to reconsider her decision in adopting Mercy James. "We urge her to think about it again and look at other alternatives," he said. "Children thrive better in integrated family environments than when they are taken out of their countries." Malawi has a history of complicated adoption processes involving foreign nationals. Adoption laws in the country state that prospective parents must be resident in Malawi for a year before they can adopt, a rule that was reportedly bent in Madonna's initial adoption of son David Banda in 2006. The adoption was met with controversy, as human rights activists criticized Madonna for using her celebrity status to bypass Malawi's laws. Madonna has since adopted three other children from the country – Mercy James, Stelle and Esther – and is reportedly keen on expanding her family once again. However, the repeated adoptions have stirred debate on whether it is ethical for her to continue adopting children from the country. Walusimbi's comments follow a similar sentiment made by Malawi's Minister of Gender, Children, Disability and Social Welfare, Mary Navicha, who stated that foreigners adopting children from the country should be an "exception rather than norm." Navicha added that Malawi's adoption laws were put in place to safeguard the interests and welfare of the children and national security of the country. Despite the mixed reactions from Malawi residents and international organizations, Madonna's adoptions have provided a better life for her adopted children who now live in luxurious homes and attend high-end schools. The singer has also reportedly set up several charitable organizations in the country to improve the welfare and livelihoods of Malawi's children. Madonna has yet to release a statement in response to the Save the Children spokesman's comments.