article: By . Tara Brady . PUBLISHED: . 11:44 EST, 2 April 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 11:58 EST, 2 April 2013 . Socialist Prime Minister Jean-Marc Ayrault has said multi-millionaire footballers playing in France will not be exempt from the super tax . Multi-millionaire footballers playing in France will not be exempt from the country's 75 per cent super tax, Socialist Prime Minister Jean-Marc Ayrault confirmed today. The announcement will be a huge blow to clubs like Paris St Germain, who have signed up some of the richest players in the world, including former England captain David Beckham. The former England captain lives in a . Paris hotel and has left his family back in London, which technically . means he may be able to avoid paying French taxes on his fortune, which . is estimated at around £200million. But Mr Ayrault has made it clear he . wants multi-millionaire sportsmen like Beckham to donate huge . proportions of their wealth to his administration. 'All companies that pay wages above one million' will be affected by the proposed new tax, said Mr Ayrault. It follows Noel Le Graet, president of the French Football Federation, claiming he had received 'assurances' that 'only big companies will be taxed' and that football clubs are considered 'small' companies. In fact Paris St Germain is currently the richest club in the world, having been bought by sheiks from oil-rich Qatar. Its wage bill is enormous, although Beckham claims that he is virtually working for free, and intends to donate his salary to charity. A government spokesman confirmed: 'The new measure will apply to all companies paying out salaries above 1 million euros.' There has been huge opposition from France's rich to the tax, which President Francois Hollande first unveiled during his election campaign last year. Noel Le Graet, (left) president of the French Football Federation, claimed he had been given assurances that football clubs are considered small companies but in fact Paris St Germain, which David Beckham (right) plays for, is the richest club in the world . Rich businessmen and celebrities have been flooding out of Paris since Mr Hollande came to power. They include Hollywood star Gerard Depardieu who has obtained Russian nationality and put his home in the French capital on the market. Bernard Arnault, the LMVH boss who is France's richest man, has also applied for a Belgium passport. Warm welcome: Russian President Vladimir Putin greets French actor Gerard Depardieu .
highlights: The announcement will be a huge blow to rich clubs like Paris St Germain . All companies which pay wages above one million euros will be affected . Beckham plays for Paris St Germain which is the richest club in the world . Prime Minister Jean-Marc Ayrault wants wealthy players to donate to his administration .
id: 25c61f803a66fbd7e25bef4f8fdda2aa9f95909f
chatgpt: French Prime Minister Jean-Marc Ayrault made a shocking announcement today that will undoubtedly deal a severe blow to some of the richest football clubs in the world. The announcement states that all companies -including football clubs - that pay annual salaries above one million euros will be affected by this new tax proposal.  Beckham, who currently plays for Paris St Germain, which is widely considered the richest club in the world, is one of many footballers affected by the proposed tax. This announcement is set to cause a massive impact on the financial setup of Paris St Germain and several other clubs in the world. The new proposal comes in response to the country's budget deficit, and the prime minister wants wealthy football players to donate to his administration voluntarily. This suggestion has raised quite some stirs among the high-class footballers, with several clubs and players raising their concerns against it. The tax proposal is aimed at companies that pay their employees more than one million euros in wages annually. This scheme is known as the "millionaire tax" that will reportedly help generate almost one billion euros for the government, which would go in tackling the country's budget deficit. With several companies and clubs, including Paris St Germain, paying their employees excess of one million euros, the proposal has garnered mixed reactions, raising several debates on the policy. The announcement of this proposal is undoubtedly set to affect the financial workings of some of the most affluent football clubs in the world, with Paris St Germain at the forefront. The club has several high-earning footballers and will have to undertake a significant financial restructuring in response to the new tax proposal. More tax payments will be levied on the club, and this could undoubtedly mean that there could be less money for new player acquisitions and talent scouting. The impact of this millionaire tax could potentially see the big clubs like PSG lose their financial dominance over other clubs across Europe. The tax could act as a deterrent for players and club executives aspiring to join these clubs due to their high pay scales. The proposal may force clubs to implement new financial models to counter the effects of tax payments and still be competitive in the transfer market. In conclusion, the millionaire tax proposal is a significant announcement that could potentially shake up European football in the near future. The implications of this proposal will be felt across the footballing world, with many clubs and players voicing their concerns against it. Whatever the final decision, the announcement is sure to spark a lot of debate and attention across the footballing world.