article: By . Ruth Styles . PUBLISHED: . 09:49 EST, 10 April 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 09:49 EST, 10 April 2013 . Milliner to the stars Stephen Jones is to produce a high street capsule collection for the first time ever, it has been revealed. Loved by celebrities including Kylie Minogue, Dita von Teese and Beyonce, the 27-piece Top Hat collection, which includes hats, fascinators and bags, goes on sale this week at Debenhams. 'I wanted to create a collection which really expresses the excitement of Stephen Jones,' said the 55-year-old Liverpudlian milliner. 'Working with Debenhams I feel it brings my individual and very British style of millinery to a wider fashion public. I am extremely proud of the finished collection.' Top hats: The new high street range from Stephen Jones is being released just in time for racing season . Often hailed as the best milliner in the . world, Stephen’s fashion fans and followers include Italian Vogue’s . Anna Piaggi and Hamish Bowles of Vogue USA. He has also collaborated with some of the fashion world’s most . influential designers such as Marc Jacobs, Giles Deacon, Christian Dior . and Comme des Garcons. 'We are thrilled to add Stephen to our designer offer, given his amazing industry track record and flair for his craft,' said Debenhams' director of accessories, Susie Calvert. 'He really is one of the very first, original couture milliners and it’s an honour to work with him on his Debenhams collection.' Popular: Stephen Jones has worked with everyone from Marc Jacobs to Comme des Garcons . Bargain: The gorgeous new pieces have the craftsmanship of Jones' main line but without the price tag . The department store, which will sell the collection in 28 high street outlets, online and via their mobile app, has form when it comes to hiring big name designers to produce low cost capsule collections. Already on the Debenhams books are Henry Holland, Jenny Packham, Julien Macdonald and John Rocha. The store also recently signed up Jenny Packham, one of the Duchess of Cambridge's favourite pre-pregnancy couturiers. A-list fans: Singer Kylie Minogue and burlesque dancer, Dita von Teese, both love to wear Stephen Jones .
highlights: The collection is Stephen Jones' first foray onto the high street . Prices start at £30 for the hats, fascinators and bags . Fans of Jones include Dita von Teese and Beyonce .
id: 7708d07f1667f73bf4149dcd61318160b838d9db
chatgpt: British milliner Stephen Jones, known for his avant-garde creations and celebrity fans such as Dita von Teese and Beyonce, has made his first foray onto the high street with a new collection. Jones' new line features hats, fascinators and bags with prices starting at just £30. The renowned hat maker has collaborated with affordable fashion retailer Topshop to create a range of statement headpieces that can be worn for any occasion. The collection combines Topshop's youthful, playful aesthetic with Jones' innovative designs to create a fusion of high fashion and high street style. Jones’ hats are a staple on the catwalks of London, Paris and Milan, but his designs have primarily been exclusive to luxury brands and high-end department stores. However, the designer has said that he is excited to make his creations more accessible and available to a wider range of customers. "I'm thrilled to be collaborating with Topshop on this exciting venture,” Jones said. “It’s wonderful to be able to offer my designs to a wider audience and I'm excited to see how people will incorporate these pieces into their personal style." The collection features a range of unique designs, from oversized bows and floral crowns to futuristic visors and structured bonnets. Each piece has been crafted using high-quality materials such as satin, leather and velvet, ensuring that they are not only fashionable but also durable. The hats, fascinators and bags are perfect for adding a touch of elegance to any outfit, whether it be a special occasion or a casual day out. Customers can expect to see a variety of colours and textures, making it easy to find something that suits their individual taste. Jones' new collection is expected to be a hit both on the high street and online, with fashion-conscious customers eagerly anticipating its release. The collection is currently available from Topshop stores across the UK and online. Prices start at £30, making it an affordable yet stylish addition to anyone's wardrobe.  Overall, the collaboration between Stephen Jones and Topshop is an exciting venture for the fashion industry, allowing customers to incorporate high fashion into their everyday wardrobes at an affordable price point.