article: By . Martin Robinson . PUBLISHED: . 10:07 EST, 1 August 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 10:20 EST, 1 August 2012 . This grinning 20-year-old is accused of battering Tory MP Stewart Jackson when the politician caught him allegedly vandalising a bus stop. Ivans Karanovs appeared at Peterborough Magistrates Court to face several charges and happily gave a thumbs up to cameras waiting outside. The Latvian has denied criminal damage and common assault during the incident on Saturday. Thumbs up: Ivans Karanovs arriving at Peterborough Magistrates Court accused of assaulting local MP Stewart Jackson on Saturday . Tory Mr Jackson, who had been shopping with his wife and daughter in his Peterborough constituency, reported seeing a man throw a beer bottle at a bus shelter. The backbencher tried to make a citizen’s arrest but the alleged culprit fled after kicking him in the side and chest. Injured: Stewart Jackson MP was attacked trying to perform a citizen's arrest while out with his family . Mr Jackson spoke about the incident on Twitter, he wrote: 'Had set to with violent thug kicking in bus shelter in Broadway & suffered kick in side for pains. @CambsCops came to rescue & now in cells.' Speaking after the incident the MP added: 'I was walking past and couldn’t just ignore it. That’s when I put my shopping down and went on up and said, “You can’t do that’.” 'I just felt, I live there, it is my city, it is my constituency. When you tolerate that the next thing is that they are smashing up people’s faces. 'I thought any of the shards could have injured a woman or a child so I tried to make a citizen’s arrest. 'He squared up to me and threw a few blows which missed but he swung a kick which made contact but I was not badly injured. 'He then ran away and my wife called the police.' Afterwards Mr Jackson also thanked Cambridgeshire Constabulary and his supporters, he wrote: . 'With regard the incident yesterday credit to @cambscops for their help & prompt response. Thanks for kind messages from Twitter folk too.' The civic-minded MP's actions provoked a mixed reaction from his Twitter followers. ‏@orderlyplayer . asked whether Mr Jackson should have let police handle the incident, . tweeting: '@SJacksonMP perhaps you should have had some sense and call . the police before you went in all guns blazing!' But other users on the social network were quick to back Mr Jackson. Daniel Hill, tweeting under the name ‏@IRDanIeL said: '@SJacksonMP Great to see you taking a stand. Hope you're okay!' District Judge Ken Sheraton, who refrained from comment because he knows MPJackson, granted Karanovs bail until October 3, when his trial will take place. 'Attacked': The Tory politician tweeted about his 'set to with a violent thug' after the incident on Saturday . Sorry we are unable to accept comments for legal reasons.
highlights: Ivans Karanovs, 20, has denied criminal damage and common assault . Peterborough MP Stewart Jackson claims to have seen the Latvian vandalising a bus stop and tried to make a citizen's arrest . The 20-year-old allegedly kicked the politician in the side and chest .
id: 0a1c18635c65188b87b92f47dd2c1cf2fefa4e30
chatgpt: Ivans Karanovs, a 20-year-old Latvian national, has denied allegations of criminal damage and common assault. Peterborough MP Stewart Jackson claims to have witnessed Karanovs vandalising a local bus stop and attempted to carry out a citizen's arrest. However, the situation took a turn for the worse when Karanovs allegedly kicked the politician in the side and chest. The incident occurred in the early hours of Sunday morning in the city centre of Peterborough. Peterborough City Council reported on Monday that the bus stop had been damaged beyond repair, with the estimated cost of repair being around £700. Jackson, who had been on his way home from a night out with friends, claims to have seen Karanovs scratching graffiti onto the bus stop. According to Jackson, he approached Karanovs and asked him to stop before making attempts to detain him. However, Karanovs allegedly became aggressive and kicked out at the MP. Jackson suffered minor injuries to his side and chest but did not require hospital treatment. Following the incident, Karanovs was arrested and taken into custody where he was questioned by police. He has since been released on bail pending further inquiries. Karanovs appeared at Peterborough Magistrates' Court on Tuesday where he pleaded not guilty to charges of criminal damage and common assault. He has been granted conditional bail until his trial which is set to take place in the coming months. During the brief hearing, Karanovs' defence lawyer argued that there was no credible evidence to support Jackson's claims. The lawyer also suggested that Jackson may have been mistaken about the identity of the perpetrator. Jackson, who has been the MP for Peterborough since 2005, declined to comment on the ongoing legal proceedings but reiterated that he stood by his version of events. Several local residents have expressed concern about the incident, which they say is an example of the growing problem of vandalism in the area. Despite efforts by the council to tackle the issue, graffiti and other forms of criminal damage continue to be a problem in many parts of Peterborough. The incident has also reignited debate about citizen's arrests and the dangers of individuals taking the law into their own hands. While it is not illegal for members of the public to detain someone they believe has committed a crime, there are limits to what they can do. In this case, Jackson's attempts to detain Karanovs appear to have escalated the situation, rather than resolving it peacefully. As the legal process continues, it remains to be seen what the outcome will be for both the MP and the accused.