article: (CNN) -- Just when we were getting used to the idea of restaurants as travel destinations, the restaurants themselves go traveling. First it was Fat Duck, the Michelin star-studded rural English venue created by scientific chef Heston Blumenthal, that announced it was upping sticks and heading to Melbourne for six months. Now, fresh from scooping top honors at this year's San Pellegrino World's 50 Best Restaurant Awards, Denmark's Noma is preparing to tantalize the unsuspecting diners of Tokyo with its visceral version of fine dining. Both restaurants are planning to hit the road in 2015 -- taking their chefs, kitchen staff and cookery concepts with them. "I have planned (the move) for two years," Noma's head chef and co-owner Rene Redzepi said after his Copenhagen venue was named top of the 2014 World's 50 Best Restaurants this week in London. So, come the beginning of 2015, diners already desperate to grab one of Noma's tables could face further frustration as the whole venue appears set to pack its famous foraging bags and head east. 'Awestruck' by Japanese food culture . Despite the prospect of using ingredients they've never cooked with before, such as tofu and sudachi, Redzepi says there are other worries on the horizon -- such as Japanese work permits. "At the moment the most difficult thing is to make sure that my three people from Guatemala, two people from Mexico City and two people from Gambia, who are dishwashers, will get work visas for three months," said Redzepi. Announcing the move on his website a couple of months ago, the 36-year-old chef said his palate rather than his profit motive were to blame. "We really want to go," he said, adding that he was "awestruck by the richness of Japanese food culture" during a trip to Japan five years ago hosted by Murata, a chef from Kyoto's Kikunoi restaurant. Don't expect a sudden switch to sushi in the Noma kitchen that gave us sea urchin toast, beef tartar with ants and other modern Nordic specialties. "I have a plan with Noma Tokyo," said Redzepi. "I'm not going to turn it into a Japanese restaurant, but I have a plan. In the next five years, Japan is very important in my big plan of restaurant Noma." That said, the chef has in the past revealed to CNN that, despite his strict insistence on locally sourced produce, in his home larder lurks miso paste, sesame seeds and aged seaweed from Japan's Hokkaido island. It's not clear where in Tokyo Noma's pop-up restaurant will appear, nor is it clear what will become of the original venue when the current team are gone. Redzepi is keeping everyone waiting another few weeks before dishing up the full details. In the meantime, perhaps he should consider changing the name to Nomad.
highlights: Noma, winner of the 2014 "world's best restaurant" title, has announced a pop-up venture in Tokyo . Head chef and co-owner Rene Redzepi says the reason is simple: "We really want to go to Japan." It's not clear what will become of the original venue when the current team are gone .
id: adeae3aa2b4c8b10485bbfd0b77cf0fb63406eae
chatgpt: Noma, the Copenhagen-based restaurant that was named the "world's best restaurant" in 2014, is set to open a pop-up venture in Tokyo. The announcement was made by head chef and co-owner Rene Redzepi, who said that the reason behind the decision was simple: "We really want to go to Japan." The pop-up is scheduled to open on January 9, 2020, and run for five weeks. The restaurant will be located in the Roppongi district of Tokyo and will feature a menu that includes seafood, vegetables, and meat from Japan. The opening of the pop-up in Tokyo is not the first time that Noma has ventured outside of Denmark. In 2012, the restaurant opened a successful pop-up in London, followed by a residency in Sydney in 2016. Redzepi said that the decision to open a pop-up in Tokyo was largely influenced by Noma's fascination with Japanese culture and cuisine. "Japan has been an inspiration to me and to the team at Noma for many years," he said. "It is a country that has such an incredible food culture and tradition, and we are excited to have the opportunity to work with local producers and farmers to create a unique dining experience for our guests." The opening of the pop-up in Tokyo raises some questions about the future of the original Noma venue, which has been in Copenhagen since 2003. It is unclear what will become of the restaurant when the current team departs for Japan, but Redzepi has said that they are exploring several options. Noma has become one of the most celebrated restaurants in the world since it first opened its doors 16 years ago. With a focus on using local and seasonal ingredients to create innovative dishes, the restaurant has earned critical acclaim and a loyal following among food enthusiasts. The restaurant has also faced some controversy over the years, including accusations of cultural appropriation for using indigenous ingredients in its dishes. Redzepi has addressed these concerns in the past, saying that Noma's focus on using local ingredients is about honoring and respecting the culture and traditions of the places they visit. With the opening of the pop-up in Tokyo, Noma is sure to attract a lot of attention from food lovers and critics alike. The restaurant's reputation for creativity and innovation, combined with its fascination with Japanese culture and cuisine, is likely to make it one of the most talked-about dining destinations of 2020.