article: The satisfaction for trainer Willie Mullins of leaving Fairyhouse yesterday with two more Cheltenham Festival favourites in his armoury was extinguished by two massive blows. Ireland’s champion trainer lost hugely promising Allez Colombieres. The French import had to be put down after suffering a pelvic injury in the Grade One Royal Bond Hurdle. Mullins also faces an uphill race against to get Annie Power to the Cheltenham Festival with a stress fracture of a rear leg looking like the reason why she went lame before being pulled out of the Hatton’s Grace Hurdle. Trainer Willie Mullins (right) after winning the Bar One Racing Royal Bond Novice Hurdle  at Fairyhouse . Mullins-trained Allez Colombieres (left) faces a prolonged period on the sidelines pulled up at Fairyhouse . If the diagnosis is confirmed the mare, who was second to More of That in the World Hurdle in March, will need up to 10 weeks rest. Allez Colombieres, another recruit from across the Channel, had been favourite for the Supreme Novices’ Hurdle on reputation alone but his Irish debut in a race won by stablemate Nichols Canyon lasted only two jumps before being pulled up by Ruby Walsh. Mullins said a fracture in the sacroiliac region of his pelvis had cut the iliac artery causing internal bleeding. The setbacks came as French import Kalkir was promoted to 5-1 favourite for the Triumph Hurdle after a smooth eight-length in the Grade Three Juvenile Hurdle under Walsh while Valseur Lido heads of the betting at 5-1 for the JLT Novices’ Chase after his impressive eight-length success in a highly competitive Grade One Drinmore Novices’ Chase under Bryan Cooper. Mullins did taste victory as Valseur Lido won Grade One Drinmore Novices’ Chase under Bryan Cooper . On a day with significant Festival news, Jonjo O’Neill also revealed More Of That will have breathing issues investigated after losing his unbeaten record when third in the Long Distance Hurdle at Newbury. While Oliver Sherwood said Hennessy Gold Cup winner Many Clouds will have one run before a probable tilt at the Cheltenham Gold Cup. The Argento Chase at Cheltenham in January or Denman Chase at Newbury the following month are options for a seven-year-old Sherwood feels is still improving. Sherwood said: ‘Last season he was a teenager, this season he is a man.’ Many Cloud’s half-brother The Tullow Tank was a disappointing fifth in the Drinmore but his trainer, Sandra Hughes, landed an emotional first Grade One race since taking over the stable of late father Dessie when Lieutenant Colonel landed the Hatton’s Grace under Cooper. Kalkir won the Grade Three Juvenile Hurdle under Ruby Walsh on Sunday at the Fairyhouse racecourse .
highlights: Willie Mullins could be without injured Annie Power and Allez Colombieres . Kalkir won the Grade Three Juvenile Hurdle under Ruby Walsh and Valseur Lido won Grade One Drinmore Novices’ Chase under Bryan Cooper . Cheltenham Festival, over four days,  commences in March 2015 .
id: 7bc6798f2baac4b57cde07e6572b9a30dae1be2c
chatgpt: Irish trainer Willie Mullins looks set to be without the services of two of his headline horses for the upcoming Cheltenham Festival next year. Both the highly-regarded Annie Power and Allez Colombieres are nursing injuries which could prevent them from competing in March 2015. Annie Power, Mullins' talented six-year-old mare, had been tipped as a potential winner of the Stan James Champion Hurdle next year before reports of her injury emerged. The mare suffered a setback during training which may force her to miss the entire National Hunt season. Allez Colombieres, another Mullins-trained runner, is also doubtful for the Cheltenham Festival after picking up an injury in a recent race at Punchestown. The mare was heavily fancied to make an impact in the OLBG Mares' Hurdle, but it now seems likely that she will be unable to compete. Despite the loss of these two key players, Mullins still has a formidable stable to call upon at the Cheltenham Festival. Ruby Walsh, the Irish jockey who has been a regular partner for Mullins' stable, proved his worth once again by winning the Grade Three Juvenile Hurdle on Kalkir. Kalkir, a three-year-old who was purchased for €125,000 at the Goffs November Sale last year, put in an impressive performance to win the race by just over a length. The horse is now likely to be aimed at the Triumph Hurdle at Cheltenham, a race in which he is sure to face stiff competition. Another Mullins runner who looks set to play a big part at the Cheltenham Festival is Valseur Lido. The French-bred five-year-old, ridden by Bryan Cooper, produced a stunning display to win the Grade One Drinmore Novices' Chase at Fairyhouse. Valseur Lido, who had previously won the beginners chase over the same distance at Punchestown, was always prominent and finished the race a comfortable five-lengths ahead of his nearest rival. Mullins has since confirmed that the horse will now be given a well-deserved break before being prepared for the Cheltenham Festival. The Cheltenham Festival is one of the biggest occasions in the horse racing calendar, attracting thousands of spectators from around the world. The four-day event, which takes place every March, features some of the best horses and jockeys in the sport as they compete for a range of prestigious prizes. This year's festival is set to be no exception, with strong line-ups in many of the key races. Mullins, who has established himself as a major force in Irish racing in recent years, will be hoping that he can add to his already impressive haul of Cheltenham winners. While the news of Annie Power and Allez Colombieres' injuries may have come as a blow, Mullins knows that he still has a number of talented horses at his disposal. With Kalkir and Valseur Lido both in fine form, the trainer will be looking to make an impact when the festival kicks off next year.