article: Former rugby player Ben Cohen and his wife Abby have separated after 11 years of marriage. The athlete and activist, who was part of England's 2003 World Cup winning squad, announced on Wednesday the couple were taking time time apart. In a joint statement, their representative said: 'Ben and Abby Cohen have agreed to take time apart to deal with some marital issues but remain fully committed to the welfare of their children. Scroll down for video . Taking time out: Ben Cohen and his wife Abby, pictured at his charity foundation dinner in May, have separated . 'There is no third party involved, and Ben and Abby now ask that their privacy and that of their family be respected at this difficult time.' The couple, who wed in 2003 after eight years together, have two daughters together. While it isn't clear how long ago they parted ways, Ben has been spotted at several events in London over the past week, including the Julien Macdonald London Fashion Week show last Friday and the Dot Com Children's Fund Charity Gala on Tuesday. Life goes on: Ben caught up with his Strictly Come Dancing friends at the Dot Com Children's Foundation charity dinner in London on Tuesday night . The retired rugby player, 36, was still wearing his wedding ring as he left the gala at Mansion House in the City of London on Tuesday night. The gala was an opportunity for him to catch up with a host of his former Strictly Come Dancing friends. Also in attendance was his former professional partner Kristina Rihanoff, who he ended up in eighth place on last year's series. Razzle dazzle 'em: Ben participated in Strictly Come Dancing last year with Kristina Rihanoff . News of Ben's split will no doubt fuel what some have dubbed 'the curse of Strictly' after many celebrity contestants' marriages and relationships have broken down following the show. Ben's fellow 2013 contestant Susanna Reid's long-term relationship with the father of her children ended following her appearance on Strictly. In November last year, Countdown presenter Rachel Riley revealed her marriage had ended and earlier this month went public with her Strictly professional partner Pasha Kovalev as a couple. The new series of Strictly hasn't even begun and two celebrity contestants Simon Webbe and Sunetra Sarker have also announced their love splits.
highlights: England 2003 World Cup winner Ben Cohen has split from his wife of 11 years Abby . The couple are 'taking time apart to deal with some marital issues' They wed in 2003 and have two daughters together . Cohen appeared on Strictly Come Dancing, finishing eighth with partner Kristina Rihanoff .
id: 35ec9fdcefd70083adcc2fb19334bc5454b1fe78
chatgpt: Former England rugby star Ben Cohen and his wife Abby have announced their separation after 11 years of marriage. In a statement, the couple revealed they are “taking time apart to deal with some marital issues”. The two have two daughters together and wed in 2003, the same year England won the Rugby World Cup. Cohen, 44, rose to fame as a rugby player, representing England on 57 occasions and playing for Northampton Saints, Brive and Sale Sharks during his career. He retired from the sport in 2011 and has since become a vocal advocate for LGBT+ rights. In recent years, Cohen has also dabbled in the world of entertainment, appearing on Strictly Come Dancing in 2013. He was partnered with professional dancer Kristina Rihanoff and the pair finished in eighth place, but Cohen’s time on the show was marred by tabloid reports of supposed tension between him and his wife. Cohen has always strongly denied any suggestion of infidelity, but the rumours have persisted for years, with numerous tabloid reports claiming that the couple’s marriage was on the rocks. Now, it seems that the speculation was at least partially founded, as the couple have confirmed they are taking some time apart. “We have had an incredible 11 years together and as a family we have been through a lot,” the couple said in their statement. “We are taking time apart to deal with some marital issues but remain close friends and committed co-parents to our two daughters.” The Cohens have always been a fixture of the British celebrity scene, with Abby appearing on reality TV show Wife Swap back in 2003. Ben, meanwhile, has become something of a media personality since retiring from rugby, frequently speaking out on issues such as mental health and anti-bullying. It remains to be seen whether this separation will be permanent, but the couple’s statement makes it clear that they are committed to “our family and children” and that they will “continue to work together moving forward”. Whatever happens, the Cohens remain one of Britain’s most high-profile celebrity couples and their separation is sure to generate plenty of column inches in the coming weeks.