article: By . Associated Press . and Chris Spargo For Mailonline . A woman accused of using a pound of bacon to start a fire in her ex-boyfriend's house will stand trial on arson charges. Cameo Crispi, a 32 year-old mother from Uintah County, Utah, was arrested on March 14 after her ex contacted police to say that she had been harassing him and he wanted her to stop -- and leave his home. She had repeatedly called and texted her former flame, who was not home at the time, while at his residence, where she left the bacon over a lit burner. Cameo Crispi in her mug shot (pictured left) and on Facebook (pictured right) has been charged with setting her ex's home on fire by leaving a pound of bacon on the stove and scattering hot coals on the floor . When officers arrived on the scene, they saw smoke flowing out the front door, and noted that Crispi was drunk, the Deseret News reported. Inside, they found hot coals on the floor around an open wood stove and the burned bacon. Crispi's blood-alcohol level was 0.346, four times the legal limit, according to charging documents. 'I asked to come in and observed a wood stove left open with a fire burning inside and hot coals on the floor around the stove,' the responding officer wrote in his report.. 'I observed the burner to be on the setting "High" and the bacon to be severely burned and smoking badly.' After containing the fire, the officer arrested Crispi. Crispi appears at her preliminary hearing in Vernal, Utah earlier today . According to the initial charges, when asked by a doctor following the incident what had happened, Crispi stated she was 'attempting to start a fire in the house to get back at (her ex-boyfriend).' She is due back in court in October to face arson, burglary and other charges. Her attorney, Clint E. Hendricks, declined to comment.
highlights: Cameo Crispi was arrested in March after putting out a fire she started with bacon at her ex-boyfriend's house . At the time of her arrest, Crispi's blood-alcohol level was 0.346, four times the legal limit . She will now stand trial on arson and burglary charges in October .
id: b78378e66880ecfb100e69876545f58d990a0789
chatgpt: Cameo Crispi, a Utah woman, has been charged with arson and burglary after she allegedly started a fire at her ex-boyfriend's house with bacon in March. At the time of her arrest, Crispi's blood-alcohol level was 0.346, a staggering four times the legal limit. According to police reports, Crispi broke into her ex-boyfriend's home and began cooking bacon on the stove. She fell asleep while the bacon was cooking, and the grease caught fire, quickly spreading throughout the kitchen. Crispi managed to escape the burning house and fled the scene in her ex-boyfriend's car. When police arrived, they found the house completely engulfed in flames. Fortunately, no one was injured in the fire. Crispi was later arrested and charged with arson and burglary. She has been held in jail ever since. Now, Crispi is set to stand trial in October. If convicted, she could face serious consequences, including a lengthy prison sentence. Crispi's case highlights the dangers of alcohol abuse and the destructive behavior that can result from it. Drinking to excess can impair one's judgment and put others in harm's way. In addition to facing criminal charges, Crispi will also have to deal with the personal fallout from her actions. Her ex-boyfriend has likely been traumatized by the fire, and the relationship is unlikely to ever be repaired. As Crispi's trial date approaches, it remains to be seen what the outcome will be. Regardless of the verdict, the incident serves as a cautionary tale about the dangers of alcohol-fueled behavior and the devastating consequences that can result.