article: By . Chris Parsons . PUBLISHED: . 03:33 EST, 11 May 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 06:31 EST, 11 May 2012 . The world's fastest man Usain Bolt has split from blonde fashion designer girlfriend to concentrate on winning Olympic gold at London 2012, it was claimed today. The Jamaican sprint star has dumped Slovakian-born Lubica Slovak after six months so she won't 'distract' the 25-year-old from his Olympic training, it was reported. Bolt's split from Slovak, 28, with whom he was said to have a 'very serious' relationship, comes just days after a race row erupted in his native Jamaica over his choice of a white girlfriend. The kiss that sparked abuse: Sprinter Usain Bolt and Miss Slovak were subjected to a barrage of abuse after this picture was released . 'Heart-to-heart connection': World's fastest man Usuain Bolt with designer Lubica Slovak prior to their apparent split . The split was revealed on Jamaican news website The Jamaica Star, days after sources close to the couple had insisted they were 'very much in love'. A source close to the Jamaican last night described the split as a 'mutual decision between two adults'. Bolt's agent today confirmed to MailOnline that the Jamaican sprinter is 'single', but would not provide further comment. Relationship under attack: Shortly after they met, Miss Slovak, pictured here with dark hair, interviewed Bolt for a feature in a Slovakian newspaper and they began dating in mid-November . Track star Bolt Bolt has come in for criticism from fellow black Jamaicans unhappy that he has chosen a white partner. One online posting said: ‘Really now Usain! Some successful black men obviously suffer from a white woman complex. You too?’, while another complained: ‘Another one of our men snatched.’ Further protests included: ‘Out of all the girls on this island you pick a snowbunny’, and: ‘These superstars will always disappoint if we depend on them to raise our racial identity.’ The sprinter nicknamed Lightning Bolt is known for his mid-race celebrations and post- victory bow-and-arrow pose. He is the reigning Olympic champion and world record holder over 100 and 200 metres. He hopes to smash his own records and retain his titles in London this summer, watched by his Slovakian-born girlfriend. Miss Slovak emigrated to Canada with her father when she was 14 and studied fashion design at the Ryerson University in Toronto. Showman: Bolt's bow and arrow style celebration has become synonymous with the world's fastest man . She moved to Jamaica after she ‘fell in love’ with the island during a holiday in 2000. Miss Slovak was introduced to Bolt last year through a mutual friend, reggae singer Tami Chynn, with whom she owns an award-winning clothing line called Anuna and a Kingston boutique. Shortly after they met, she interviewed Bolt for a feature in a Slovakian newspaper and they began dating in mid-November.
highlights: Bolt splits from girlfriend to concentrate on training . Their relationship sparked race row in Jamaica .
id: 8a66abe74beec18780b7b7873ac70929bfdc3d50
chatgpt: World-renowned sprinter Usain Bolt has confirmed that he has ended his relationship with girlfriend and business partner Kasi Bennett in order to focus on his training. The star athlete has been dating Bennett for over five years, but their relationship has recently been at the center of a race row in Jamaica. In a recent interview, Bolt stated that he and Bennett "mutually decided to end their relationship" and that the split was amicable. However, sources close to the couple suggest that their separation was due in large part to the intense scrutiny they have faced over their relationship, particularly in light of Jamaica's ongoing struggle with issues of race and colorism. The couple had been together for over five years and had even established a business together, Puma and Bolt Holdings, which primarily focused on branding and commercial ventures. However, their professional partnership was recently called into question after a controversial photo of Bennett surfaced on social media in which she was dressed in a manner many deemed to be inappropriate. The photo caused quite a stir, with many Jamaicans criticizing the athlete and his then-girlfriend for their apparent disregard for traditional cultural norms. Some even went so far as to suggest that Bolt was betraying his roots and aligning himself with Western ideals. In response to the criticism, Bolt publicly defended his girlfriend, stating that he was not worried about his partner's appearance or cultural identity. However, sources close to the couple suggest that the situation took its toll on Bolt and Bennett's relationship, ultimately leading to their decision to split. Bolt was quick to clarify, however, that the split was not due to any personal animosity or ill will between himself and Bennett. The athlete affirmed that they had reached their decision together and that he had no regrets about the end of their romantic relationship. "I have a lot of things that I have to focus on right now," Bolt commented in his interview. "I need to concentrate on my training and my work. I don't have any hard feelings about the situation, and I think that Kasi and I are both happy with where we are at now." The announcement has come as a surprise to many of Bolt's fans, particularly in light of the athlete's impressive track record of successes both on and off the field. However, sports analysts suggest that the split could potentially be a beneficial career move for Bolt, allowing him to fully focus on his training and competition. Regardless of what the future holds for Bolt and Bennett, it is clear that the two will remain an important part of each other's lives both professionally and personally. As Bolt himself stated: "I have a lot of respect for Kasi, and I wish her all the best in her future endeavors."