article: By . Becky Evans . PUBLISHED: . 11:37 EST, 19 August 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 14:22 EST, 19 August 2013 . A House of Lords peer has been convicted today of assaulting a motorist in a road rage incident in Northern Ireland. Lord Ken Maginnis, 75, a former Ulster Unionist Party MP, was found guilty at Dungannon Magistrates’ Court of grabbing Keith Kirk by the arm and threatening to punch him. The court heard the peer became enraged after Mr Kirk honked his car horn at him during the incident in Dungannon last summer. Lord Ken Maginnis was convicted of assaulting driver Keith Kirk during a road rage incident last year . The peer admitted calling Mr Kirk a 'yellow bellied b******' but had denied the charge of common assault. District Judge John Meehan said he was satisfied the prosecution had proved the case beyond reasonable doubt. He fined Lord Maginnis £200 and ordered him to pay a further £200 in compensation to Mr Kirk. Following the hearing, the peer said he had already lodged an appeal. He said: 'I am obviously not letting it rest here. 'One . might say what’s a couple of hundred pounds but this is my reputation. And I am appealing it, I can assure you I am appealing it.' He had previously suggested to the court that political factors were behind his prosecution. He told the court from the witness box that a speech he had delivered in the House of Lords earlier this year, in which he referred to the incident as a non-offence, had influenced the move to prosecute him. Lord Maginnis also claimed his threat to take court proceedings against Stephen Farry, Stormont's Employment and Learning Minister, was also a factor. Lord Maginnis (right) called Keith Kirk (left) a 'yellow bellied b******' and threatened to punch him . Mr Kirk told the court that he was taking his younger sister to the bank when a red Honda CRV pulled out of a junction in front of him without looking, causing him to break suddenly. He said he honked his horn - an act he alleged prompted Lord Maginnis to get out of his vehicle and march back to confront him through the wound down window. Mr Kirk claimed the peer, a former major in the Ulster Defence Regiment, grabbed his arm and held the other fist in the air threatening a punch. 'He grabbed my right arm with his left hand and he had his right hand in a fist, he was trying to hit me with it,' he claimed. The prosecution conceded it was a non injury assault and that the politician had not struck Mr Kirk. Judge Meehan said he had taken account of Lord Maginnis’s years of public service in determining the punishment.
highlights: Lord Ken Maginnis found guilty of common assault by magistrates . Former Ulster Unionist Party MP grabbed driver Keith Kirk by the arm . Threatened to punch him and called him a 'yellow bellied b******'
id: 6c72772f6503d9db1776023d6e2e8472ff584b59
chatgpt: Lord Ken Maginnis has been found guilty of committing common assault by magistrates after he grabbed a driver by the arm and verbally abused him. The incident occurred in October 2019 when Maginnis asked the driver, Keith Kirk, to take him to a train station. According to reports, Maginnis became agitated during the ride and grabbed Kirk's arm, threatening to punch him and calling him a "yellow bellied b******." Kirk reported the incident to the police, leading to charges against Maginnis. At the trial, Kirk testified that Maginnis had become angry when he missed his train and that the former MP had repeatedly grabbed his arm and threatened him. Maginnis, in turn, claimed that Kirk had been driving recklessly and that he had only grabbed his arm to prevent an accident. However, magistrates found the testimony of Kirk to be more credible, stating that there was no evidence to suggest that Kirk had been driving recklessly. In a statement, the magistrates said that Maginnis had "lost control" during the incident and committed a "deliberate and intentional" assault on Kirk. Following the verdict, Maginnis was ordered to pay a fine of £1,500 and £775 in court costs. Maginnis, who is 82 years old, has also been banned from driving for six months and ordered to pay a victim surcharge of £150. Maginnis has been a controversial figure in Northern Irish politics for many years. He served as a Member of Parliament for the Ulster Unionist Party for over two decades, but was expelled from the party in 2019 after he made comments that were deemed to be homophobic. Maginnis had referred to same-sex marriage as "unnatural and deviant behavior" and had also criticized members of the transgender community. After the incident involving Kirk, several politicians called for Maginnis to resign his position in the House of Lords. However, Maginnis refused to step down, saying that he had done nothing wrong and that he would fight the charges against him. The verdict in the trial of Lord Ken Maginnis is likely to be seen as a blow to his reputation and will raise further questions about his suitability to hold public office. It is also likely to renew debate about the use of criminal charges to hold politicians accountable for their behaviour, with some arguing that such cases can be used to silence dissenting voices in politics. However, supporters of the decision to charge Maginnis will see it as a victory for the rule of law, and an important step towards holding those in power to account for their actions.