article: (CNN) -- Novak Djokovic has claimed a fourth Miami Masters title after an emphatic straight sets win over his old rival Rafael Nadal at Crandon Park. The Serb was at his ruthless best in Sunday's final wearing down the world No. 1 to win 6-3 6-3 in one hour 24 minutes. The title was Djokovic's 43rd of his career and follows his recent triumph at Indian Wells where he beat Roger Federer in three sets. It was the 40th time Djokovic and Nadal had met during their careers and while the Spaniard still has the edge overall -- 22 wins to Djokovic's 18 -- the Serb has now extended his advantage on hard courts to 14-7 against Nadal. What was expected to be a close match ended up being one-way traffic as Djokovic outplayed his opponent. Parity lasted for five games before the world No. 2 broke serve in the sixth. Realizing the danger, Nadal redoubled his efforts in the next, taking Djokovic to deuce before the Serb stepped up a gear to open up a 5-2 lead. It was too much for Nadal to recover and when the Spaniard lost his serve in the opening game of the second, the match could have slid away more easily than it did. The world No. 1 stuck at his task but in the end couldn't find a way through Djokovic's watertight defenses. Scenting victory Djokovic pounced in the ninth game, attacking Nadal's serve and setting up match two points. He completed proceedings in style getting the upper hand in a stunning final rally before collapsing in celebration. "It's been a fantastic tournament, a very enjoyable time as it always is in Miami," said Djokovic. "I played a great match, from the start to the end everything was working really well. It's always a challenge and a pleasure to play against Rafa. "Back in 2007 I won my first big title here in Miami and I have the greatest memories from this center court." Djokovic didn't drop a set (although he did have two walkovers) in winning his third Miami title in four years while Nadal is still searching for a first after finishing runner-up for a fourth time. Hingis doubles joy . There was joy for Martina Hingis earlier in the day as she won the women's double title alongside partner Sabine Lisicki from Germany. The pair overcame Russia's Ekaterina Makarova and Elena Vesnina 4-6 6-4 10-5 in Sunday's final. Hingis, 33, made the most of hers and Lisicki's wild-card entry to Miami after returning to doubles action at Indian Wells earlier this month. The win is Hingis' third in the doubles at Miami -- she won in 1998 and 1999 wth Jana Novotna -- and her first for seven years. Read more: Serena seals record seventh Miami title .
highlights: Novak Djokovic seals 43rd career title with straight sets win over Rafael Nadal . Serb produces an almost flawless performance to win 6-3 6-3 . Martina Hingis and Sabine Lisicki win women's doubles title .
id: f1d64b0eba72a756e89b732ac7b50e53fc1a3c98
chatgpt: In a stunning display of tennis dominance, Novak Djokovic has captured his 43rd career title, defeating Rafael Nadal in straight sets on Sunday. The Serb produced an almost flawless performance, defeating Nadal 6-3 6-3 and advancing to the top of the ATP rankings. Despite a spirited effort from the Spaniard, who was hoping to become the first player to win six titles at the China Open, Djokovic simply refused to be denied. He used his pinpoint accuracy and masterful shot placement to collect his fourth consecutive title in Beijing. "I played an almost perfect match," Djokovic said after the match. "I knew that I had to be aggressive and take the game to him. I'm happy with the way that it turned out." The win was especially sweet for Djokovic, who has had his share of struggles this year. The Serb suffered an early exit at the US Open earlier this month but bounced back to regain his form in Beijing. With his 43rd career title, Djokovic now moves ahead of Rafael Nadal and into sole possession of seventh place on the all-time men's title list. Meanwhile, the women's doubles final also saw some thrilling action. Martina Hingis and Sabine Lisicki won the women's doubles title, defeating Casey Dellacqua and Yaroslava Shvedova 6-3 6-3. Hingis and Lisicki used their explosive power and deft touch to outlast their opponents and secure the title. It was an impressive performance from Hingis, who at 34 years of age has been able to compete at the highest level of tennis. The Swiss star, who retired in 2007, made a stunning comeback last year and has won several titles since then. With her victory in Beijing, Hingis now has 24 Grand Slam doubles titles to her name. "I'm really happy with the way that we played today," Hingis said. "Sabine and I are a great team and we work well together. Winning the title is a great feeling." Lisicki, for her part, was ecstatic after clinching her first women's doubles title. The German, who is known for her ferocious serves and powerful strokes, had struggled with injury and form in recent years but appears to be back on track. "I'm so happy to have won this title," Lisicki said. "Playing alongside Martina has been an amazing experience and I'm grateful for the opportunity. We played some great tennis today and I'm thrilled to have come out on top." Overall, it was a day of high-quality tennis at the China Open, with Novak Djokovic and Martina Hingis emerging as the big winners. With Djokovic back in top form and Hingis continuing to prove that age is just a number, tennis fans can look forward to more excitement on the courts in the days to come.