article: The dreaded phrase 'unexpected item in the bagging area' could soon be a thing of the past at thousands of self-service checkouts in high street supermarkets around the UK, according to a new report. For a new hi-tech camera system is being designed to end the necessity of the robotic message that sends Britain's time-strapped shoppers into a fury as it brings their transaction to a shuddering halt. Trade magazine The Grocer reported yesterday that the shopping frustration breakthrough could come from the company that installed the UK's first self-service checkout 12 years ago. Scroll down for video . Please wait for assistance: Cameras to see when you have accidentally left another item in the bagging area are set to hit supermarkets across the country - but not for about a year . It says that checkout specialist NCR, which first installed a self-scan system in a Marks & Spencer store in 2002, is looking to develop technology that will use cameras to identify when a customer has inadvertently rested their wallet, phone or umbrella in the bagging area. This will allow the till to continue the checkout process without the need for a member of the store staff to intervene. NCR retail division's general manager of self-checkout solutions, Dusty Lutz, told The Grocer that the system was about a year away from being rolled out. He said: 'At the moment, the systems are generally quite one-dimensional and only work by recognising the weight of the products that are supposed to be in the bagging area. 'It would really speed up the process if we had a camera which could quickly spot whether the extra weight was a customer's purse rather than these false alarms.' As well as traditional self-scan systems, which are designed for smaller shopping trips, NCR has developed bigger systems that allow shoppers to place a full weekly shop on a conveyor belt and use 360-degree scanners to process the full order at once. The technology is currently being trialled by Tesco and Asda but Mr Lutz said it would be at least a further four or five years before such systems became commonplace in UK supermarkets. A survey of UK shoppers found that 89 per cent of consumers said they use self-checkouts to some degree, while 39 per cent of them either 'strongly agree' or 'agree' that retailers offering the technology provide better customer service.
highlights: Cameras which recognise what is in bagging area could end dreaded phrase . Device is being made by installers of first self-service checkout machine . Could be rolled out across UK supermarkets in around a year . Larger scanners which do whole food shop at once also in pipeline .
id: 54641ca0fb1c23b4d5af98ca45b75f9f646fade6
chatgpt: In British supermarkets, one of the most dreaded phrases is "unexpected item in bagging area." However, that could soon be a thing of the past with the development of new cameras which can recognise what is in the bagging area. The device is being made by the installers of the first self-service checkout machine and is set to be rolled out across UK supermarkets in around a year. The new camera technology will allow shoppers to place their items in the bagging area without the need for human intervention. This will reduce wait times for shoppers, making the checkout process quicker and more efficient. Additionally, it will reduce stress for shoppers who dread hearing the announcement of an "unexpected item in bagging area". The new camera technology is not the only innovation in the pipeline. Larger scanners, which can scan a whole food shop at once, are also in development. These scanners will make shopping even easier for customers, as they will no longer have to scan each item individually at the checkout. While the new technology is exciting news for shoppers, some may worry about the impact it will have on jobs. However, the installation of new checkout machines has not led to job losses in the past. Instead, it has allowed employees to be redeployed to other parts of the store where they can assist customers with their shopping experience. The new camera technology is also expected to reduce instances of theft. Self-checkouts have been known to lead to increased instances of theft, as some shoppers may take the opportunity to not scan all of their items. However, the new cameras will be able to detect any un-scanned items in the bagging area, reducing instances of theft. One concern some shoppers may have is about their privacy. However, the cameras are only designed to recognise items, not people. This means that the technology is not a threat to shoppers' privacy. Overall, the new cameras and larger scanners are set to revolutionize shopping in the UK. They will make the checkout process quicker and easier for customers, while also reducing instances of theft. With the technology set to be rolled out across UK supermarkets in around a year, shoppers can look forward to a more efficient shopping experience.