article: Comedian Peter Kay has jokingly quipped that actor Ted Robbins is ‘off his head on morphine’ after telling of his relief after his colleague’s recovery. The Phoenix Night star suffered a cardiac arrest on the opening night of the show at the Manchester Arena on Saturday January 31. Two medics rushed from the 10,000 sell-out crowd to tend to him before he was taken to hospital. Scroll down for video . Peter Kay, left, said his friend and fellow Phoenix Nights star Ted Robbins, right, is making a great recovery saying, 'I've spoken to him and he's making jokes same as ever - he's off his head on morphine' Mr Robbins was rushed from the MEN Arena in Manchester by ambulance, pictured after his collapse . He suffered twelve broken ribs and a cracked sternum as medics desperately battled to save his life. Mr Robbins, 59, will not now need open-heart surgery as originally feared and may leave hospital after a ‘routine’ procedure next week. In an interview, Mr Kay said how he and cast members of Phoenix Night Live were delighted by their close friend's speedy recovery. But he joked: 'We just re-calibrated as they say, moved things around, changed that bit and carried on. 'I’ve spoken to him and he’s making jokes same as ever - he’s off his head on morphine.' Ted’s sister Kate revealed her brother suffered rheumatic fever as a child, which affected a heart valve. He was due to have a ‘routine’ heart operation to fix the problem before his on-stage heart scare. He remains in a stable condition at Wythenshawe Hospital. Mr Robbins plays Den Perry, pictured in the popular TV show which has been adapted for the stage . Ted Robbins, right, collapsed on stage while his wife Judith, left, and children Molly and Jack looked on . Mr Robbins' sister Kate described the moment her brother collapsed: 'We were all hysterically laughing and jumping up and down when he came on in the second half - his daughter Molly, his wife and his son Jack. 'Then he just dropped like a stone and we just said "that's not in the act". We ran and had to barge past, but security wouldn't let us on stage. 'Thank God there was a heart surgeon in the audience and a paramedic who just got there and saved his life. It was a surreal nightmare. But luckily he's doing great. 'What's been overwhelming has been the thousands and thousands of good wishes from everyone. 'There has been so many comedians saying such great things about him. 'Ted is known as "the comedian's comedian". He's known for his wit - but more so probably for his caring of other human beings.' The Phoenix Nights (cast pictured) show in Manchester ended abruptly after Mr Robbins collapsed on stage .
highlights: Ted Robbins, who plays Den Perry, fell ill during Phoenix Nights live show . A doctor in 10,000-strong crowd ran on to stage and saved his life . The 56-year-old has laughed off collapse as attempt to 'upstage' co-stars . Peter Kay spoke with Ted and joked 'he's off his head on morphine' He suffered 12 broken ribs as medics battled to save his life . Luckily the comedian will not now require open heart surgery .
id: d0baa469f2346f4849f0d60d972d945f85ac7e7f
chatgpt: Ted Robbins, known for his role as Den Perry in the popular TV show Phoenix Nights, has been making headlines after collapsing during a live performance of the show. The 56-year-old comedian fell ill on stage, prompting major concerns about his health. However, thanks to the quick actions of a knowledgeable doctor in the audience, Robbins' life was saved.  The incident occurred in front of a 10,000-strong crowd at the Manchester Arena, who had come to see the live version of Peter Kay's beloved series. As the cast were singing a song on stage, Robbins suddenly began to feel unwell. It soon became clear that he was experiencing a serious medical emergency, and the show was stopped as he received urgent attention.  In a dramatic moment, a doctor who happened to be in the audience came to Robbins' aid. Dr. Bob Kelly climbed onto the stage and began to administer emergency treatment, working tirelessly to save the comedian's life. Despite the terrifying situation, Robbins was able to find some humour in the situation, later joking that he had only collapsed to try and upstage his fellow performers on stage.  Remarkably, despite the severity of the situation, Robbins' injuries were not as serious as first thought. After being rushed to the hospital, he was revealed to have suffered 12 broken ribs, with medics having to work to save his life. However, the comedian expressed relief that he would not require open heart surgery, which had been a potential outcome.  Peter Kay, who is close friends with Robbins, spoke with the comedian after the incident, and made light of the situation by joking that he was "off his head on morphine." Robbins has been well enough to make light of the situation himself, posting a message on social media to thank everyone who had expressed concern for his welfare. In the message, he wrote: "I guess I need to pick myself up, dust myself down and get on with it! I can hardly complain in the current climate about anything, especially as it looks like I'll make a full recovery."  The incident has been a reminder of the importance of medical knowledge and training, particularly in emergency situations. Luckily for Robbins, Dr. Kelly was on hand to provide the necessary care, but the incident has raised questions about how prepared we are as a society to deal with unexpected health scares.  "It just shows you never know what's around the corner," Robbins said in an interview after the incident. "I think the moral of the story is to keep yourself as healthy as possible, and to make sure you're surrounded by people who know what they're doing."  Despite the shock of the incident, it looks like Robbins will make a full recovery, much to the relief of fans and loved ones alike. The incident has also served as a reminder of his popularity within the entertainment industry, as fellow performers and fans rallied around him after the incident. It might not have been the way that Robbins had hoped to end the show, but he has shown remarkable resilience in the face of this unprecedented event.