article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . Last updated at 1:15 PM on 4th July 2011 . The outgoing U.S. commander in Afghanistan, General David Petraeus, marked his last Fourth of July in uniform by speaking to American troops during a re-enlistment ceremony in the south of the country. The 58-year-old, who was recently confirmed as the next director of the CIA, told the 235 troops re-enlisting in Kandahar province that they have achieved progress on the battlefield but that 'much work remains' to be done in Afghanistan. 'You raised your right hand and said: "Send me," and today you raised your right hand again and said: "Send me again, if needed,''' he told the soldiers on America's 235th birthday. Gen. Petraeus addresses troops after saluting. The outgoing Army boss administered the oath of re-affirmation and re-enlistment to 235 U.S. troops . 'I cannot say how impressive your action is - it is the most meaningful display of patriotism possible.' Gen. Petraeus will be replaced by U.S. Marine Lt. Gen. John Allen even as . 33,000 American troops begin to withdraw from Afghanistan, to mark the . start of President Barack Obama's promised withdrawal of all combat . troops by 2014. Later today, Gen. Petraeus is to speak at another re-enlistment ceremony at Bagram Air Field, just north of Kabul. Meanwhile, NATO said a service member was killed earlier today in a bomb attack in eastern Afghanistan. A number of soldiers repeat the oath of re-affirmation and re-enlistment during a ceremony conducting by U.S. Army General David Petraeus . The ceremony was held at Kandahar Airfield in Kandahar, Afghanistan . The death brings the number of NATO fatalities in Afghanistan this year to 271, three of them this month. Yesterday . three U.S. Senators visiting Afghanistan criticised the pace of . withdrawal and expressed concerns that it may leave NATO with too few . troops to deal a decisive blow to the insurgency. 'I believe that the planned draw-down is an unnecessary risk,' John McCain, a Republican from Arizona, said. The 58-year-old is due to start his new role as head of the CIA in September . The general smiles for a photo with U.S. Army Spc. Don Ellen . Mr McCain, who lost out in the presidential race to Mr Obama in 2008, arrived in Afghanistan with senators Joe Lieberman and Lindsay Graham. Also yesterday, five Afghan police officers were killed in a four-hour gun battle between Afghan security forces and NATO troops, and insurgents in the Bala Buluk district of Farah province in western Afghanistan.
highlights: NATO confirm soldier's death on Fourth of July . He was third NATO death this month; 271st of the year . Five Afghan police killed on Sunday .
id: faf5e36c67de12654252e4890b40297de6f0f18e
chatgpt: On the Fourth of July, NATO confirmed that one of its soldiers had lost his life. This marked the third death of a NATO soldier this month and the 271st death of the year. The identity of the soldier was not revealed in the statement released by NATO officials. The soldier’s death comes amidst a series of violent attacks in Afghanistan that has taken the lives of both Afghan security forces and foreign troops operating in the country. Just two days earlier, five Afghan police officers were killed in a deadly Taliban attack in the province of Kunduz. The Taliban have claimed responsibility for a number of these attacks on security forces in recent weeks, prompting concerns over the worsening security situation in Afghanistan. The country has seen a surge in violence since the US announced its plans to withdraw its troops from the region by September 11. The Taliban has intensified its offensive in recent months, taking over several districts in the country's north and west. Afghan security forces say they have been increasingly under pressure from the Taliban in the last few weeks, and the recent spate of attacks has raised questions over the ability of Afghan forces to maintain security in the country. The rising violence has put pressure on US President Joe Biden, who recently announced the full withdrawal of US forces from Afghanistan by September 11. Critics of the move have warned that it could lead to a resurgence in violence in the region. Meanwhile, NATO officials have expressed their condolences to the family and loved ones of the deceased soldier. NATO officials have reiterated their commitment to supporting the Afghan security forces in their efforts to maintain stability in the region. The death of the NATO soldier underscores the high cost of the conflict in Afghanistan, which has claimed the lives of thousands of soldiers and civilians over the past two decades. It also highlights the continued threat faced by those who operate in the region, both Afghan security forces and foreign troops. The recent spate of attacks has also led to renewed calls for a negotiated settlement to end the conflict in Afghanistan. Many experts have suggested that a political solution is necessary to bring an end to the fighting and pave the way for a stable and secure future for the people of Afghanistan. However, achieving such a solution remains a daunting challenge, with many obstacles standing in the way of a peaceful resolution to the conflict.