article: By . Ray Massey . PUBLISHED: . 05:00 EST, 5 September 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 01:41 EST, 6 September 2012 . Ryanair boss Michael O’Leary has launched an extraordinary rant against his own customers – branding those who object to paying a penalty for failing to print their own boarding cards as ‘idiots’ who should ‘b***** off’. The outspoken chief executive of the budget airline said passengers who arrive for flights without a pass are ‘stupid’ and it is right they are charged £60 a time to have one printed at the check-in desk because it is their ‘**** up’. His remarks came after passenger Suzy McLeod was forced to pay £236 to print boarding passes for herself, her parents, and her two children so they could fly home to Britain from Alicante, Spain. Not impressed: Ryanair chief Michael O'Leary has declared that his passengers who don't like paying for printed boarding passes should 'bu**er off' Mr O’Leary said: ‘Mother pays £200 for . being an idiot and failing to comply with her agreement at the time of . booking. We think Mrs McLeod should pay €60 (£47.40) for being so . stupid.’ Mrs McLeod, 35, from Newbury, . Berkshire, criticised Ryanair’s rule and said she was unable to print . her family’s passes while they were in Spain for 15 days last month. She . was backed by more than 350,000 Facebook users after complaining of her . ‘unfair’ treatment by the Irish no-frills airline, which has been . frequently criticised for its extra charges. Charged: Suzy McLeod, pictured with her children Harry and Mary, had to pay Ryanair £236 after she forgot to print her family's boarding passes . But Mr O’Leary said she should have . printed the passes at an internet cafe or asked a friend to print and . fax them to her. Instead, he said, ‘she then comes home and gets on . Twitter, God help us all, and somehow we are going to change our . policies. No, we’re not’. He said Mrs McLeod, who was staying at . a rural villa without internet access, had written to him last week to . ask for ‘compensation and a gesture of goodwill’. Mr O’Leary, 51, said . the airline has replied, ‘politely but firmly’, saying: ‘Thank you Mrs . McLeod, but it was your **** up.’ He admitted she was not alone in . complaining about the rule, but said the 0.02 per cent of his . passengers, which equates to 15,800 of its 79million, who do not print . off passes every year should ‘b***** off’. Mrs McLeod said: ‘His comments say a . lot about his airline. They’re so rude. 'Why should anyone have to spend . their precious time abroad having to find a cafe or a hotel to print out . a boarding pass?’.
highlights: Passengers must print passes up to two weeks before . O'Leary told those who don't like rule to 'bu**er off' It comes after passenger Suzy McLeod's complaints . British mother, 35, had to pay £236 for passes in Spain .
id: 905c6740c0ada46b005dd708b5cf065b9ea5e0ac
chatgpt: Ryanair CEO Michael O'Leary has refused to back down from a policy requiring passengers to print out their boarding passes up to two weeks before their flight or face a £55 ($70) fine. In response to customer complaints, O'Leary told those who don't like the rule to "bu**er off." The controversy began when British mother Suzy McLeod was forced to pay £236 ($305) in fees to print out her family's boarding passes while on holiday in Spain. McLeod, 35, said she had never encountered the policy before and was shocked by the fees. "I've never had any other airline do that before," McLeod told the Liverpool Echo. "I think it's outrageous that you can't just get a boarding pass emailed to you or use the app like most other airlines." O'Leary, however, defended the policy, saying it was necessary to reduce queuing times and ensure punctuality. "We're not changing that policy," O'Leary told reporters. "People who don't like it can bu**er off. We need to continue to improve boarding procedures and ensure that flights depart on time." Ryanair's policy requires passengers to print their boarding passes up to two weeks in advance of their flight or face a fine of £55 ($70) at the airport. The low-cost airline claims the policy saves time and reduces costs, by reducing the need for check-in desks and paper tickets. Critics, however, argue that the policy is unfair to passengers who may not have access to a printer or who may forget to print out their boarding passes in advance. In response to the controversy, Ryanair has launched a new service allowing passengers to download their boarding passes onto their phones, without the need for a printed copy. The service is reportedly available to all passengers who have downloaded Ryanair's mobile app. Despite the new service, however, O'Leary remains unapologetic about the policy. He said the new service was simply an additional option for passengers, rather than a replacement for the printed passes. "Passengers who book online will continue to receive their boarding passes via email or the Ryanair app," O'Leary said. "But those who forget to print their boarding passes in advance will still have to pay the £55 fine." The controversy over Ryanair's policy highlights the challenges faced by low-cost airlines in balancing the need for efficiency and cost-saving with the demands of their customers. While Ryanair has been successful in keeping costs low, its no-frills approach has often been criticised for being too harsh on passengers.