article: NFL interest in the United Kingdom continues to grow rapidly but if this infographic - released by the Atlanta Falcons - is anything to go by, the NFL still has a lot to learn about its transatlantic cousins. The Falcons arrived in London earlier this week ahead of Sunday's game against the Detroit Lions at Wembley, but they obviously didn't follow the map on their own graphic as it has London positioned in eastern Spain. If misinforming their fans about where the team were actually going isn't bad enough, the graphic also states that the team and staff will take three planes to London, when in fact it is only two. VIDEO Scroll down for Atlanta Falcons training ahead of Detroit Lions clash at Wembley . Atlanta Falcons attempted to inform fans about their trip to London with this infographic, but failed miserably . The graphic was originally tweeted by the Falcons but was soon removed and replaced with the correct information. But not before the mistake-laden graphic was distributed across Twitter, attracting a barrage of comments from humoured followers. Atlanta trained ahead of the match on Wednesday  at Arsenal's London Colney training ground. Sunday's game is the second of three NFL matches to be played at Wembley in 2014,after the Miami Dolphins comfortably beat the Oakland Raiders 38-14 in September. London is set to play host to the Dallas Cowboys when they face the Jacksonville Jaguars on Sunday November 9. Atlanta Falcons defensive end Cliff Matthews (centre) high fives his teammates during the training session . Falcons quarterback Matt Ryan looks on during a training session at the Arsenal training ground . Atlanta Falcons players practice a play during a training session ahead of Detroit Lions game .
highlights: Atlanta Falcons take on Detroit Lions at Wembley on Sunday October 26 . The Falcons accidentally placed London in Spain on an inforgraphic . Graphic was quickly removed and replaced with a correct one . But not before the misinformed graphic went viral .
id: 79259e55be7f037b180ffe5aed3b03e15dc65b2b
chatgpt: The Atlanta Falcons will face off against the Detroit Lions on Sunday, October 26 at London's Wembley Stadium. However, the Falcons made a small yet embarrassing mistake when they accidentally placed London in Spain on an infographic. The graphic quickly went viral before it was removed and replaced with a correct one. The Falcons are one of the NFL's most explosive offenses, led by quarterback Matt Ryan and Pro Bowl wide receiver Julio Jones. They are eager to put on a show for London fans who have a growing appetite for American football. The Lions, on the other hand, are looking to turn their season around after a rough start. However, the Falcons' blunder with the infographic overshadowed some of the excitement leading up to the game. Social media users had a field day with the mistake, poking fun at the team's geography skills. While some took the opportunity to remind Americans that London is not, in fact, in Spain, others simply found the mix-up hilarious. The Falcons quickly remedied the situation, removing the infographic and releasing a corrected version. The team also apologized for the mistake and claimed it was an oversight from their graphics department. The incident serves as a reminder of the power of social media and the importance of attention to detail. Despite the gaffe, the Falcons are hoping to bring home a victory for the thousands of fans who will fill Wembley Stadium on Sunday. This marks the first time the Falcons have played a regular-season game in London, and they are looking to make a good impression. Whether the team's travels will lead them to Spain or the correct destination remains to be seen, but either way, they are ready to take on the Lions in what promises to be an exciting game.