article: More than 26,000 people have gone missing in Mexico over the past six years as violence surged and the country's government cracked down on drug cartels. Mexico's Interior Ministry announced the staggering statistic on Tuesday but noted that authorities don't have data about how many of the disappearances are connected with organized crime. The 26,121 disappearances occurred during former President Felipe Calderon's six-year administration, which ended on December 1 when Enrique Pena Nieto assumed the presidency. Pena Nieto's government has formed a special working group to focus on finding the missing, said Lia Limon, deputy secretary of legal matters and human rights for Mexico's Interior Ministry. Locating people "is a priority for this government," Limon told reporters. The release of the government statistics Tuesday comes several days after a report from Human Rights Watch said Mexican security forces were connected with the disappearances of at least 149 people during Calderon's tenure. "President Pena Nieto has inherited one of worst crises of disappearances in the history of Latin America," Jose Miguel Vivanco, the organization's Americas director, said in a statement. In the northern Mexican state of Coahuila alone, officials reported nearly 2,000 disappearances between 2006 and 2012, Human Rights Watch said. Rights groups and activists have long said that forced disappearances are among the most troubling problems Mexico faces and have cautioned that reliable statistics are hard to come by because many such cases are unreported. The human toll of Mexico's drug war . Limon said Tuesday that the data federal authorities have don't specify what caused the disappearances. She said the list could include people who have emigrated out of the country or fled because of family conflicts, in addition to people who were kidnapped. Authorities will need several weeks to release data about the number of disappearances since Pena Nieto took office, she said, due to "inconsistencies" in the data. Critics have accused Mexico's government of not doing enough to find the missing and punish those responsible. In many instances, families frustrated with a sluggish response from authorities have searched themselves for missing loved ones. Read more: The 'open wounds' of Mexico's drug war . In October 2011, Calderon said the "very high" number of missing people was a growing concern. He listed them among the victims of violence that he described as "open wounds" in Mexican society. "We don't know the size of the problem," the president said during a speech inaugurating a new prosecutor's office aimed at helping victims. Human Rights Watch said last week that it sees a ray of hope in the new administration. "The Pena Nieto government has been very open so far about acknowledging the scale of the problem and the work that remains for them," said Nik Steinberg, a Mexico researcher for the organization. "The real question will be: are they ready to investigate and prosecute these cases?" Mexican blogger vows to fight despite threats .
highlights: Mexico's interior minister says 26,121 people disappeared from 2006-2012 . It's unclear how many of the disappearances are connected with organized crime . Official: Locating people "is a priority for this government"
id: b976b1376fa711f51b8abac34823b56b60a219ca
chatgpt: Mexico has been plagued with a high number of disappearances in the past decades, with the country currently having more than 82,000 people classified as missing. In a recent announcement, Interior Minister Olga Sanchez Cordero stated that from 2006 to 2012, 26,121 people were reported as disappeared in the country. However, it remains unclear how many of these cases are linked to organized crime. According to the minister, the government has made the location of these missing people a priority. She stated that the high number of disappearances in Mexico is a result of a combination of factors, including drug cartels, human trafficking, and migration. She further added that the government is working to eradicate these issues and counteract the increasing number of disappearances, which has had a significant impact on families and communities. Locating the missing is not only a concern of the government but also of the nation as a whole. Thousands of families have been affected by this issue, often leaving them in anguish and without answers. The government has been under pressure to act and bring closure to families. Official sources suggest that violence and organized crime have been high in some parts of the country, leading to a vast number of disappearances. In a report published by the United Nations, “forced disappearance is the consequence of multiple offenses and human rights abuses committed in a systematic, generalized or large scale.” The situation needs to be tackled from different angles, including providing proper support to the victims of these issues, adopting new positions in government departments, and developing enhanced approaches to deal with the problem. The government has launched new initiatives to tackle the problem of missing people. One of the most significant developments is the creation of a national search commission to help locate the affected individuals. Additionally, the government has created a website that tracks the process of locating the missing, providing information and updates to the public. The government has also exchanged information with other nations, including the United States, to help locate the missing persons. The increased collaboration between countries can help improve intelligence capabilities and share information on suspects. The issue of disappearances is a significant problem for all countries, and the government in Mexico is taking steps to tackle it. The priority given to finding missing people can provide the families with some hope that their loved ones will be located. While the statistics are still concerning, it is apparent that the government is attempting to address the situation, and the establishment of the national search commission is a much-needed move in the right direction. The Mexican government has vowed to continue taking action to resolve the problem of missing people in the country. Hopefully, the measures that have been implemented will result in a positive ending for families impacted by this issue.