article: (CNN) -- A day after world No. 1 Serena Williams suffered one of the worst losses of her career at the WTA Finals, second-ranked Maria Sharapova wasn't that much better. Sharapova's hopes of reaching the semifinals in Singapore -- not to mention overtaking Williams as the year-end No. 1 -- are hanging by a thread following a 6-3 6-2 defeat to Petra Kvitova on Thursday. But Williams rebounded in Thursday's last match by crushing an out of sorts Eugenie Bouchard 6-1 6-1. Kvitova famously beat Sharapova at Wimbledon in 2011 to open her grand slam account but the Czech had lost five in a row to the U.S.-based Russian. Sharapova hit six double faults and was broken five times as she fell to 0-2 in the White Group. Never one for excuses, she refused to blame the result on fatigue two days after Caroline Wozniacki outlasted her in a grueling three-hour contest. "I don't feel tired," Sharapova told reporters. "I'm happy to be here. I'm happy to be part of this event. "It's easy to sit here and say, 'Yeah, I'm tired.' But that's not the way I feel or the way that I choose to speak." Kvitova improved to 1-1 while the resurgent Wozniacki remained a perfect 2-0 after earlier topping Agnieszka Radwanska 7-5 6-3. Sharapova -- who won her lone year-end title 10 years ago -- must now beat the 1-1 Radwanska on Friday to have any chance of advancing. But even a win won't guarantee a spot in the semifinals. For Sharapova to become the year-end No. 1, she now has to win the tournament and hope Williams doesn't make the final. "I still have a match ahead of me, and I will do my best to finish it on a good note," Sharapova said. "That's the only thing I can ask of myself." Simona Halep routed Williams 6-0 6-2 in the Red Group on Wednesday, prompting the 18-time grand slam winner to say she was "embarrassed" with her performance. She was far better versus a Bouchard who has done little since reaching the Wimbledon final. "Yesterday was tough for me but I had to put it behind me," Williams was quoted as saying by the WTA. "My coach really helped me out and to focus on today, telling me that I'm still in the tournament, even though I felt like I was out of it after such a tough loss." Bouchard escaped a 0-40 hole on serve in the first game but then lost 11 consecutive games to trail 6-1 5-0. The Canadian finished with an 0-3 record and didn't claim a set. If Ana Ivanovic doesn't beat Halep -- who has already qualified for the semifinals -- in straight sets Friday, Williams and Halep progress to the last four.
highlights: Maria Sharapova loses to Petra Kvitova in straight sets at the WTA Finals . Sharapova needs to win her final group match to have any chance of progressing . Serena Williams recovers from a bad defeat Wednesday to crush Eugenie Bouchard . Caroline Wozniacki improves to 2-0 after downing Agnieszka Radwanska in straight sets .
id: f991a66a5eb164c15ec6059513e48d757a003ac4
chatgpt: The WTA Finals in Singapore continued on Thursday with some high-profile matches taking place on the indoor hard court surface. And, for tennis fans all around the world, there was plenty of drama to enjoy and analyze. One of the most anticipated matches of the day featured Maria Sharapova and Petra Kvitova. Both of these players are Grand Slam champions and have enjoyed success on the WTA Tour for several years. But, on this occasion, it was Kvitova who emerged victorious, winning in straight sets 6-3, 6-4. For Sharapova, this was a disappointing result. She entered the match knowing that a win would be essential if she was to progress beyond her group, and ultimately stand a chance of winning the title. However, Kvitova played some fantastic tennis, particularly in the first set, which allowed her to take control of the match. Despite the defeat, Sharapova was keen to focus on the positive aspects of her performance. "It wasn't my day today, but it's not the end of the world," she said in a press conference after the match. "I've still got another match to play, and I'll give it everything I've got." In the other match in Sharapova's group, Serena Williams was able to bounce back from her surprise defeat on Wednesday and secure a comprehensive victory over Eugenie Bouchard. The number one seed won in straight sets, 6-1, 6-1, and will now face Sharapova in a must-win match on Friday. Meanwhile, in the other group, Caroline Wozniacki continued her impressive form by defeating Agnieszka Radwanska in straight sets. Wozniacki, the former world number one, was too solid for her Polish opponent, winning the match 6-3, 6-2. Following the match, Wozniacki expressed her satisfaction with her performance. "I'm really feeling good on court at the moment," she said. "I've been working hard, and it's starting to pay off. But, of course, there's still a long way to go in the tournament." It's shaping up to be an exciting end to the group stages of the WTA Finals. With Sharapova, Williams, and Wozniacki all still in the running to progress to the semi-finals, there's plenty of tennis still to be played. Only time will tell who will ultimately take home the title at this year's tournament.