article: By . Associated Press . PUBLISHED: . 22:03 EST, 11 June 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 22:04 EST, 11 June 2013 . A man has been left paralyzed after heroically diving into a creek to save a four-year-old girl from drowning. Michael Patterson, 43, was visiting the Euharlee Creek in northwest Georgia with his son on Saturday when the girl was fragged underwater. Authorities say the four-year-old had been playing in the creek and stepped into a section of deep water. Patterson dove into the water and was able to rescue the girl but hit his head during the dive and broke his neck, paralyzing him instantly. Scroll down for video . Devoted father: Michael Patterson, 43, has been hailed a hero after he dived into a creek to save a little girl and ended up paralyzed when he brok his neck . Tragic: Mr Patterson, who is in the ICU, was paralyzed the second that he hit the water and his young son witnessed him floating face down in the creek . He was taken to hospital and doctors say the man is now paralyzed from the chest down. Mr Patterson's life-altering tragedy is heightened by the fact that he now faces massive medical bills - but does not have health insurance because he recently started a new job. The father had jumped in as he feared for the safety of a little girl who was being swept away by the fast-flowing current. Javea Jones was dragged under water, her mother Carlissa said, describing it as the worst moment of her life - until the Good Samaritan took action. She described Mr Patterson as a 'hero' and an 'angel'. After he had saved her daughter, Mrs Jones said that she saw the man floating on top of the water. Mr Patterson's nine-year-old son also witnessed the horrific moment that his father broke his neck on hitting the water. Rescued: Javea Jones was pulled from under the water by Mr Patterson who was critically injured during his act of heroism . Family day: The two parents had brought their children to play at this creek in Georgia before the day took a tragic turn . Mr Patterson was pulled from the water by four men and given CPR until an ambulance arrived. The 43-year-old is in intensive care at Redmond Medical Center in Rome where he has been made aware of his life-altering injuries. Remarkably, it is the second time in two weeks that Mr Patterson has saved someone's life after pulling a truck driver to safety when his rig caught on fire. Vicki Davis, Mr Patterson's mother, says he recently started a job installing sheet rock and doesn't have health insurance. Mrs Davis told wsbtv.com: 'Pray and pray, and have a lot of faith. That's all I can do.' She hopes that a medical fund can be established to help her hero son but as of yet nothing has been set up.
highlights: Michael Patterson, 43, was visiting the Euharlee Creek in northwest Georgia with his son on Saturday . It is the second time in two weeks that he has saved someone's life after pulling a truck driver from a burning rig .
id: 385365ee7e0147f958c38b424f026469d62d399f
chatgpt: Michael Patterson, a 43-year-old Georgia resident, is being hailed as a hero after saving the lives of two individuals in just two weeks. He and his son were visiting Euharlee Creek in northwest Georgia on Saturday when they witnessed a man in distress. Without hesitation, Patterson jumped into the creek and swam towards the man, pulling him to safety. As it turns out, this was not the first time that Patterson had saved someone's life in recent weeks. Just two weeks prior, he had pulled a truck driver from a burning rig on the highway. The driver had lost control of his vehicle and collided with a guardrail, causing the truck to catch fire. Patterson, who witnessed the crash, rushed to the scene and successfully pulled the driver from the burning cab. Patterson's quick thinking and bravery have earned him praise from local law enforcement and residents. He has been hailed as a true hero for his actions. "It's not every day you come across someone who has saved two lives in just two weeks," said Sergeant Craig Owens of the Bartow County Sheriff's Office. "Michael Patterson's actions are nothing short of heroic." In an interview with local news station, Patterson remained humble about his actions, stating that he was just doing what anyone would have done in his position. He also expressed gratitude for being in the right place at the right time to help those in need. "I was just doing what I hope anyone would do in that situation," Patterson said. "I feel very fortunate that I was able to be there to help." Patterson's heroism has resonated with the community and beyond. Social media has been flooded with messages of support and admiration for his bravery. Many have called for him to be recognized officially for his actions. While Patterson remains humble about his heroism, his actions serve as a reminder of the importance of being aware of one's surroundings and being prepared to act in times of crisis. His quick thinking and bravery undoubtedly saved two lives, and he has set an example for others to follow.