article: By . Sam Adams . PUBLISHED: . 07:57 EST, 14 March 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 08:18 EST, 14 March 2013 . Fans of HBO's Game Of Thrones can now relax and enjoy the hit TV series with a new beer brewed in its honour. Ommegang brewery - based in Cooperstown, New York - is hoping to cash in on the medieval fantasy show's popularity by releasing the Game Of Thrones 'Iron Throne Blonde Ale.' The beer, which has been made in partnership with HBO, was released in time for the start of the third season of the series which begins on March 31. Brew: Ommegang brewery in Cooperstown, New York, has teamed up with HBO to produce 'Iron Throne Ale' in honour of hit TV show 'Game of Thrones' " Iron Throne Blonde Ale is understood to be just the first of a range of Game of Throne-themed ales in the pipeline from the brewery. But the tipple does not come cheap, with a suggested retail price of $8.50 a bottle. HBO Global Licensing said the partnership with Ommegang will . focus 'on developing truly unique beers that directly tie into themes, . characters and nuances of the series of the medieval-like fantasy realm . of Westeros and surrounding kingdoms,' the Chicago Tribune reports. Iron . Throne Blonde Ale is available on draft and in 750ml bottles. Popular: Game of Thrones, which stars Sean Bean (pictured) has won millions of fans since it was first screend on HBO in 2011 . Timing: The beer has been launched to coincide with the start of the new season of Game of Thrones which begins at the end of March . Another three types of Game of Thrones beer are planned to coincide with the different seasons of the medieval fantasy series. Founded by Don Feinberg and Wendy Littlefield, Ommegang began brewing Belgian-style ales in 1997. The brewery was set up in a purpose-built building based on the design of a traditional Belgian farmhouse. Game of Thrones is based on George R. R. Martin's series of fantasy novels. It is filmed in a Belfast studio and on location elsewhere in Northern Ireland, Malta, Croatia, Iceland, and Morocco.
highlights: Brewery creates 'Iron Throne Blonde Ale' to capitalise on show's popularity . Beer released to coincide with new Game Of Thrones season . First of four beers planned by brewery based on medieval fantasy series .
id: 058bc8046fef2ea4e10dfe961aa67e4ee3b3e0c9
chatgpt: With the new season of the popular series, Game of Thrones, just around the corner, businesses are looking to capitalise on the show's fame. One brewery in particular, Ommegang Brewery, has created an exciting new brew called 'Iron Throne Blonde Ale'. The beer, which is the first of four planned by the brewery, is inspired by the medieval fantasy series. Ommegang Brewery, based in New York, has been creating unique Belgian-style ales for over 20 years. Their latest creation, 'Iron Throne Blonde Ale', was made in collaboration with HBO, the network that produces Game of Thrones. The beer is made with a mix of pilsner and wheat malts, with a touch of spelt, and is then hopped lightly with herbal and floral aromatics. The result is a beer that is light, crisp and refreshing, perfect for enjoying while watching the new season of the show. According to Ommegang Brewery, the light blonde ale is meant to celebrate the intricate yet unpredictable nature of the series. It is said to have delicate hop notes that balance out the sweet malt character, perfectly representing the balance of power in the show. The release of the 'Iron Throne Blonde Ale' comes at the perfect time, just in time for the new season of Game of Thrones. The beer has already generated a great deal of buzz, with fans of the show eager to try a beer inspired by the iconic Iron Throne. The brewery has not announced any plans to release the other three beers, but the speculation is already building. The brewery is not the only business looking to cash in on the success of the show. A number of other companies have launched their own Game of Thrones-branded products, including sneakers, makeup, and even wine. However, the 'Iron Throne Blonde Ale' is one of the most unique and interesting products to be released so far. Overall, the 'Iron Throne Blonde Ale' is an exciting addition to the world of Game of Thrones merchandise. With its light, refreshing flavor and unique packaging, it is sure to be a hit with fans of the show and beer enthusiasts alike. The release of the beer is a testament to the show's continuing popularity and will certainly help to build excitement for the new season.