article: By . Rachel Quigley . PUBLISHED: . 10:55 EST, 31 October 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 13:47 EST, 31 October 2012 . An elderly couple have been found dead inside their home with a note and a gun by their bodies in an apparent 'murder suicide.' The bodies of James Ryals, 73, and his wife, Joyce Ryals, 74 were discovered at their Ormond . Beach home, Florida, last night after a relative in New Jersey raised the alarm when she could not contact them. Police believe Mr Ryals shot his wife before killing himself and police said they had a difficult relationship, although it is not know what the motive was. Grim scene: Officers found the bodies of James and Joyce Ryals at their home in Woodhaven Circle in Ormond Beach, Florida (pictured) just before midnight last night . Their bodies were found in the . bathroom of the building by officers from Volusia County sheriff's department. The couple's deaths are being investigated as a 'murder-suicide,' Gary Davidson, a Volusia County Sheriff's Office spokesman told the . Orlando Sentinel. Though the note found by officers did not say anything about the double killing, Mr Davidson revealed there were some marital problems between the couple. He said, however, that there was no clear motive for why Mr Ryal would have killed his 74-year-old wife and then shot himself. 'We don't know for sure why this happened and we may never know,' Mr Davidson said. Investigators did not initially identify the couple because their relatives live in the area of the US that has been devastated by Hurricane Sandy. The Volusia County Medical Examiner's Office was scheduled to begin autopsies on the dead couple today, Mr Davidson said. Officers visited the Ryals' home in Woodhaven Circle just before midnight last night after a family member of the couple called from New Jersey expressing concern that they could not be contacted. Their deaths are believed to have taken place between Monday and Tuesday night. Deputies had visited the Ryals home in August last year after being called to a disturbance, according to the Daytona Beach News Journal. Police: The Ryals' bodies were found in the bathroom of the building by officers from Volusia County sheriff's department (pictured) In that incident, Mr Ryals told the officers that he and his wife, had argued and she had thrown a slipper at him and he threw it back at her. Mr Ryals said his wife told him 'he was worthless because he only has one leg' and 'never lets her do what she wants,' according to the Journal. The Ryals' reportedly told deputies at the time that their marriage had been 'very hard,' and that they were always arguing with each other.
highlights: James Ryals, 73, and his wife Joyce, 74, found at their Florida home . Police believe Mr Ryals shot her before turning the gun on himself . Couple told officers last year that they had a difficult marriage .
id: 2b6a9cc49c8c302cf17819045b1fbe75b3dec60f
chatgpt: James Ryals, 73, and his wife Joyce, 74, were found dead at their Florida home on Monday morning. The police believe that Mr Ryals shot his wife before turning the gun on himself. The couple, who had been married for over 50 years, had reportedly been going through a difficult time in their relationship. According to the police, a neighbor called 911 after hearing gunshots coming from the couple’s home. When officers arrived at the scene, they found Mrs Ryals dead from a gunshot wound to the chest. Mr Ryals was also found with a gunshot wound, and he died at the scene shortly after. The couple had reportedly been experiencing marital problems for some time. Last year, they approached the police and told them that they were having a difficult time in their marriage. However, no charges were filed against either of them at the time. Neighbors have expressed their shock and sadness at the news. One neighbor, who did not wish to be named, said that the couple had always seemed friendly and welcoming. “I can’t believe something like this could happen here,” she said. The police are continuing to investigate the incident, but it is believed to have been a murder-suicide. No motive has been established at this time. Marital problems can be a difficult and challenging issue for couples to deal with. It is important for couples to seek help and support when they are going through tough times. If you or someone you know is struggling in their relationship, there are resources available that can provide assistance and guidance. The National Domestic Violence Hotline provides free and confidential support for individuals who are experiencing domestic violence or abuse. Their trained advocates can help callers to develop a safety plan, provide information and resources, and connect them to local services. It is important for communities to come together to support each other during times of crisis. This tragedy serves as a reminder of the importance of reaching out to those in need and seeking help when necessary.