article: A pensioner was bludgeoned to death with a slow cooker after a heated argument about presidential politics with her friend, a court has heard. On Thursday a suburban Detroit judge ordered that Tewana Sullivan be tried for first-degree murder following the death of Cheryl Livy, 66, at her home in a Livonia senior housing complex in October. Police Officer Michael Lewallen says when called to the apartment he found Sullivan, 50, sobbing near her mortally injured friend and saying she was 'sorry' she 'did it', and blood all over the walls. Sobbing: Attorney John McWilliams comforts defendant Tewana Sullivan, who has been charged with first degree murder following the death of Cheryl Livy. A court heard how the pair had been arguing about politics . Sullivan broke down in court as the judge hear how Livy had died because of injuries to her head, face and mid back, caused by a 'blunt instrument'. The Detroit News also reported that Livy also suffered injuries on the back of hands, which appeared to have been caused as she tried to protect herself. The cord of the slow cooker was wrapped around the victim's next when police arrived. Defense lawyer John McWilliams said the women were arguing over 'presidential politics' and 'whatever the controversy is between Democrats and Republicans.' Accused: Sullivan, right, reacts while looking at photographs in the aftermath of the incident with her attorney, John McWilliams (left). She stands accused of bludgeoning her friend to death with a slow cooker . He did not reveal which woman took which side. Livy was 'barely breathing' when she was discovered, the court heard, but died two days later in hospital from her injuries. When police arrested Sullivan she appeared disorientated and 'under the influence', they testified, with blood on her hands and clothing nearby. She was initially charged with assault with intent to murder, but following Livy's death the charges were upgraded to first-degree murder which carries a mandatory penalty of life without parole. Sullivan is currently being held in the Wayne County Jail and will next appear in court on February 12.
highlights: Detroit woman Tewana Sullivan is accused of murdering Cheryl Livy, 66 . Court heard the pair were arguing about politics before the fatal incident . Arguing about  'the controversy between Democrats and Republicans.' Cord of a slow cooker was discovered wrapped around the victim's neck . Livy died two days after the attack in hospital from her injuries .
id: 898a79c26fad00b6918a07393990562602719478
chatgpt: Detroit Woman Accused of Murdering 66-Year-Old Cheryl Livy Over Political Argument In a shocking turn of events, Tewana Sullivan, a 43-year-old Detroit woman, has been charged with the murder of 66-year-old Cheryl Livy. According to court documents, Livy and Sullivan got into an argument about the ongoing political controversy between Democrats and Republicans. The argument subsequently grew heated and resulted in Livy's tragic death. The altercation took place on the night of July 23rd at Cheryl Livy's home on Larchmont Street in Detroit. According to eyewitness accounts, Sullivan and Livy were engaged in a heated argument about the current political climate in the country. The disagreement soon reached a boiling point when Sullivan allegedly wrapped a cord from a slow cooker around Livy's neck, choking her until she lost consciousness. Livy was rushed to the hospital in critical condition, where she remained for two days before ultimately succumbing to the injuries she sustained during the attack. As a result of Livy's death, Sullivan was taken into police custody and charged with murder. Since news of the incident broke, many people have expressed their shock and outrage at the senseless act of violence. According to Livy's friends and family, she was a kind-hearted and generous person who always put the needs of others before her own. They have been left grieving and struggling to come to terms with the loss of someone they loved deeply. Meanwhile, Sullivan's motives for the attack are still under investigation. It is unclear what drove her to commit such a heinous act over a political argument. However, sources close to Sullivan have revealed that she had a history of erratic and aggressive behavior, which may have played a role in the incident. Ultimately, the tragic death of Cheryl Livy serves as a reminder of the devastating consequences that can result from even the most seemingly innocuous disagreements. As the country continues to grapple with political polarization and social unrest, it is imperative that we all work together to find common ground and foster understanding, rather than resorting to violence and aggression.