article: Lewis Hamilton and Arsene Wenger joined forces on Tuesday night at a glitzy gala in Geneva. Hamilton, the reigning Formula One champion, and Wenger, the Arsenal manager who oversaw his side’s 2-0 victory at Manchester City on Sunday, posed together at the 75th anniversary of the Swiss watch manufacturer IWC Shaffhausen. Arsenal-supporting Hamilton, boasting a new hair-do, and Wenger, were joined by a host of celebrities from the world of showbiz and sport. Reigning Formula One champion Lewis Hamilton (left) posed for a picture with Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger . Hamilton's Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg (centre) also met up with the 65-year-old Gunners manager . Hamilton (left) caught up with last season's main rival and Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg . Rosberg (left) and Hamilton (right) pose for a photograph with IWC Schaffhausen CEO George Kern . Also among the famous faces gathered at the Swiss gala were actress Emily Blunt, Czech model and former Victoria's Secret Angel Karolina Kurkova. Hamilton’s Mercedes team-mate and rival for last year’s title Nico Rosberg was also among the high-profile attendees at the Geneva event. Hamilton and Rosberg went toe-to-toe for the F1 championship in 2014 last year, with the Briton coming up trumps in the season decider at Abu Dhabi. Rosberg speaks with one of the staff as he makes a visit to the IWC booth during the exhibition . The pair are expected to renew their rivalry in 2015 and will take the wraps off their Mercedes W06 challenger on the morning of the first pre-season test in Jerez on February 1. Both drivers appeared in relaxed mood at the IWC party; the Swiss watch manufacturer an official partner of the Mercedes F1 team. Arsenal boss Wenger will have been buoyed by his side’s strong display at the Etihad Stadium on Sunday and his side will be looking to build on that performance when they host Brighton this weekend. Czech model Karolina Kurkova, best known for her time as a Victoria's Secret Angel was also at the gala . Supermodels Adriana Lima (left) and Kukova (right) are both spokesmodels for the Swiss luxury watch brand .
highlights: F1 champion Lewis Hamilton attended the gala in Geneva, Switzerland . The lifelong Arsenal supporter bumped into Gunners boss Arsene Wenger . Also in attendance was Hamilton's Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg . Supermodels Karolina Kurkova and Adriana Lima added to the celebrities .
id: 46e03d0f34d2ca761e6d05d1a737626afabdc6d1
chatgpt: Formula One world champion and lifelong Arsenal supporter, Lewis Hamilton, was seen rubbing shoulders with Gunners boss Arsene Wenger at a star-studded gala event in Geneva, Switzerland. The event, held at the Grand Hotel Kempinski, was attended by several other big names, including Hamilton’s Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg, and international supermodels Karolina Kurkova and Adriana Lima. It was a meeting that was destined to happen, given Hamilton’s well-known admiration for the Arsenal team. The British driver was seen chatting with Wenger and getting a friendly pat on the back from the Gunners manager. Hamilton has always been vocal about his love for Arsenal and has even been known to visit the team’s training ground in London Colney. However, it wasn’t just Arsenal on Hamilton’s mind that night. He also spent some time with his Mercedes team-mate Rosberg and the two were seen chatting away and enjoying the night. Rosberg had a very successful season in 2016, finishing second in the championship behind Hamilton, and it seems the two have a close relationship off the track as well. Meanwhile, the event was also graced by the presence of two of the world’s most popular supermodels, Karolina Kurkova and Adriana Lima. Kurkova, a Czech model and actress, is best known for her work with Victoria’s Secret and her appearances in various Hollywood movies. Lima, on the other hand, is a Brazilian model and actress who has been a Victoria’s Secret Angel since 2000. As the night wore on, the guests enjoyed a glamorous and exciting evening, filled with fine food and fantastic music. The event was a great success and brought together some of the world’s most influential people from the worlds of sport, fashion and entertainment. Hamilton, who had just finished a successful season that saw him clinch his fourth F1 world championship, was in high spirits and clearly enjoying himself. The Gala was a perfect opportunity for the Mercedes driver to relax and unwind, after a long and grueling F1 season. Overall, it was an unforgettable night that brought together some of the most high-profile names in the world of sport and entertainment. Hamilton, Wenger, Rosberg, Kurkova and Lima were just a few of the many guests who made the event a night to remember.