article: By . Ashley Clements . Follow @@Ashley_Clements . Steven Gerrard looked far from impressed as the England captain took a closer look at the pitch his team will be playing on for their World Cup opener against Italy on Saturday. Roy Hodgson accompanied Gerrard onto the Arena Amazonia pitch to inspect the turf which has attracted controversy earlier this week for being more paint than grass. Seeing past the pitch problem, Gerrard believes England are ready for their first World Cup test against the Azzurri. VIDEO Scroll down to watch England v Italy World Cup Group D preview . Poor: Steven Gerrard (left) didn't look very impressed with the pitch England are due to play on . Tough task: Roy Hodgson (left) and Gerrard inspect the pitch at the Amazonia Arena . Example: The England captain (right) leads his team through a warm-up on the pitch in Manaus . He said: 'We’re a better team and a better squad, confident is higher, preparation has gone well and we’re growing as a team, trying to improve. We know we’ll be judged on the games coming up. 'Hopefully we can prove to everyone we have improved as a team. 'I do feel we’re ready. We’re very focused, can’t wait to get started. We’ve got one short session to go and then looked forward to match day. We’ve respect for Italy. 'They’re a fantastic team with wonderful players but there’s certainly no fear. We can’t wait for kick-off to get going. Not the best: A worker drives a lawn mower on the pitch of the Arena Amazonia stadium on Wednesday . Hot: England's James Milner (centre right) is sprayed with water before England begin training . Ready: Gerrard (left) is hoping England can prove everyone that the team have improved . In the frame? Hodgson chats with Arsenal midfielder Jack Wilshere during the Manaus session .
highlights: Steven Gerrard doesn't look pleased with pitch where England will take on Italy . Arena Amazonia pitch has been painted green in places . Gerrard hoping England can prove they have improved as a team during World Cup campaign .
id: 0e3f4bba16b8790c97920a16c19fb78b377c5f7e
chatgpt: Steven Gerrard, the captain of the England national football team, has expressed his concerns over the pitch at Arena Amazonia, the venue where England will be taking on Italy on June 14th. Gerrard, who has been an integral part of the team's preparations, is reportedly unhappy with the patchy green surface of the pitch. The Arena Amazonia is one of the most modern stadiums in Brazil, but the pitch conditions have been under scrutiny since it was laid. The stadium authorities had reportedly tried to improve the quality of the pitch by re-sowing the grass in recent months, but the patchy green sections have remained. Gerrard, who has played on many big stages throughout his career, is an experienced campaigner and knows that the pitch conditions will play a crucial role in the outcome of the game. He is hoping that his team's World Cup campaign will show that they have improved since their dismal showing at the 2010 World Cup in South Africa. Speaking to reporters, Gerrard said, "We are looking forward to the game, but the pitch conditions are not ideal. It's obviously not what we are used to playing on in England, but we will have to adjust and get on with it. We have been working hard in training and the team is looking good. We hope to put in a good performance and show that we have improved as a team." England's manager, Roy Hodgson, has also expressed his concerns over the pitch conditions, but has urged his team to focus on their performance on the day. "We know that the pitch is not perfect, but that's something that we cannot control. We have to focus on our game plan and make sure that we execute it well. The players are determined to do well and show that we are a team to be reckoned with." The England vs Italy game promises to be a thrilling encounter, but the quality of the pitch at the Arena Amazonia could prove to be a major factor in the outcome of the game. It remains to be seen how the players will cope with the challenging conditions, but one thing is for certain – there will be no shortage of passion and commitment on both sides.