article: LAS VEGAS, Nevada (CNN) -- Now you see it, now you don't. David and Janelle Shimshi 's lack of income has left them struggling to pay for daughter Shalom's preschool. Las Vegas magician David Shimshi used to work as house magician at the famous Mirage hotel and performed with the World's Greatest Magicians show at the Greek Isles Casino. Now Shimshi, as he's known to everyone, including his wife Janelle, has seen his gigs disappear, a victim of the struggling economy. "We're in a challenging time right now," says Terry Jicinsky, senior vice president of the Las Vegas Convention and Visitors Authority. Shimshi's job these days is Mr. Mom, taking care of his 3-year-old daughter Shalom, while his wife Janelle works for a local caterer. Janelle Shimshi has her own loss to deal with. Her life-long dream of owning a small business went bust. The Shimshis took their life savings and invested in a Smoothie King franchise. "It looked so promising and it just grew every month," says Janelle Shimshi. But nine months after they opened, the customers stopped coming in. "You think about it ... Do I want to spend $4.50 on a smoothie or do I want to go put gas in my car?" she says. The Shimshis aren't the only ones to lose. They once pulled in more than $10,000 each month, much of which they put right back into the Las Vegas  economy.   They cancelled their home phone service, pool service, and a monthly pest control service that kept a scorpion problem in check. Restaurants are out along with the tanning spa for Janelle. When their large-screen TV died recently, there was no money to replace it, said the Shimshis.  Watch the magician's struggle » . The couple's daughter Shalom attended a preschool five days a week. With neither parent working, they couldn't afford the $875 monthly tuition. But the school stepped in to help. Ner Tamid preschool director Lonnie Kritzler says she has been hearing from a family each week that a job is lost and tuition will be hard to make.   "The Rabbi is helping out," says Kritzler. The school is providing "scholarship money to help in that situation. There's no way we could close the doors to any of the children or their parents." Shimshi is no vanishing act. He's working on a business plan to perform at trade-show display booths for major companies. He's willing to work just to prove he can bring in the crowds. He even says he's willing to take his pay later, when the company's business improves. CNN's Dan Simon and Paul Vercammen contributed to this report.
highlights: Work dried up for Las Vegas magician David Shimshi because of the economy . The family investment in a Smoothie King grew and then flopped with economy . They once pulled in more than $10,000 each month and spent throughout Vegas . "We're in a challenging time right now," Las Vegas visitors senior vice president says .
id: dcb52ad9563270d2b41c007e2a53501810106584
chatgpt: Las Vegas magician David Shimshi has experienced a difficult year. As the economy began to falter, his work began to dry up, leaving him struggling to make ends meet. But Shimshi is not alone in his struggles. The family investment in a Smoothie King also suffered as the economy faltered, causing the once-thriving business to flop. Shimshi and his family had invested heavily in the Smoothie King franchise, and at one point were bringing in over $10,000 each month. They used that money to live lavishly throughout Las Vegas, enjoying all the city had to offer. But as the economy began to worsen, so did the business. "The economy hit us hard," Shimshi said. "We were used to making a lot of money each month, but suddenly everything changed. People just didn't have the money to spend like they used to." The family was forced to make tough decisions, cutting back on their spending and looking for ways to keep the business afloat. But despite their efforts, the Smoothie King continued to struggle. "We did everything we could to keep it going, but eventually we had to admit defeat," Shimshi said. "It was a hard decision to make, but we knew it was the right one." The family's struggles are not unique to them, however. The entire city of Las Vegas has been hit hard by the economic downturn caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. The city's reliance on tourism has left it particularly vulnerable to the effects of the pandemic, with many businesses struggling to survive. "We're in a challenging time right now," said Michael Goldsmith, senior vice president of sales at Las Vegas Visitors. "We're seeing a lot of businesses struggle, and it's not just small ones like Smoothie Kings. Even some of the biggest casinos in the city are feeling the effects of the pandemic." Despite the challenges facing Las Vegas, people like Shimshi remain optimistic about the city's future. "Las Vegas is a resilient place," Shimshi said. "We've been through tough times before and we'll get through this one too. It's just going to take some time." For Shimshi and his family, the future is uncertain. They're currently exploring new opportunities and trying to find ways to adapt to the changing economic landscape of the city. But they remain hopeful that they'll be able to find their way back to prosperity once again. "We're not giving up," Shimshi said. "We've faced tough times before and we know we can overcome this. It's just going to take some hard work and perseverance."