article: By . Mia De Graaf . PUBLISHED: . 13:16 EST, 22 February 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 13:46 EST, 22 February 2014 . An 18-year-old threatened to burn down his family home and knife his mother after she bought him the wrong kind of trainers for Christmas. Jake Wilder leaped for a kitchen knife, screaming 'I'll jab you!' in front of his younger siblings after opening his present from under the tree. When the teenager said he was going to burn down the house in Abingdon, Oxfordshire, his mother, Rachael Anderson, called the police, a court heard. Rage: Jake Wilder leaped for a kitchen knife when he unwrapped a pair of trainers he didn't want (file image) Today, Wilder was banned from visiting his mother, and handed a suspended 21-day jail sentence for the 'extremely hurtful' attack. Magistrates heard that Wilder, his older sister and two younger siblings were at home with their mother, Mrs Anderson, for Christmas Day. But the festivities came to a halt when Wilder opened his mother's present towards the end of the day. He broke into a rage, advancing on his mother in front of his siblings. On Boxing Day, officers arrived to arrest the teenager and he admitted common assault in a police interview. 'An argument broke out over some trainers she had bought him and there were young children present,' said prosecutor Clare Barclay. 'Hurtful' attack: Police arrived at the Rachael Anderson's house in Abingdon on Boxing Day to arrest her son . 'He was aggressive towards his mother and threatened her with a kitchen knife, saying 'I'll jab you'. 'He also threatened to burn the house down and she called the police.' Howard . Wilson, mitigating, told the magistrates in Oxford that Wilder was now . living in the same road as his mother, with a friend. 'He has apologised to his mother and sister for the words he used, which must have been extremely hurtful,' he said. Wilder wore a white baggy jumper and grey tracksuit bottoms and smirked at two friends during the hearing. Sentenced: Magistrates at Oxford Magistrate's Court banned Wilder, 18, from visiting his mother . Presiding magistrate David Simmons told the teenager: 'You have pleaded guilty to a serious offence. 'The use of a knife in a domestic setting makes this a very serious incident and the fact that young children were present to witness it makes it worse.' Wilder was sentenced to 21 days in prison, suspended for one year, and ordered to pay £85 pounds costs and a £60 pounds victim surcharge. He was also made the subject of a restraining order banning him from visiting Mrs Anderson. Mr Simmons added: 'You need to get some help for the problems you are having in dealing with aggression and in particular towards family members.'
highlights: Jake Wilder, 18, leaped for kitchen knife after opening present . Mother Rachael Anderson called police when he went to burn house . Judge berated 'extremely hurtful' attack in front of young siblings . Handed 21-day suspended sentence and banned from visiting mother .
id: 3ba876d25f20b196cf230d4c725788de80b4cbaa
chatgpt: An 18-year-old boy from Bristol, Jake Wilder, has been handed a 21-day suspended sentence and banned from visiting his mother after he allegedly attacked her with a kitchen knife on Christmas Day. According to reports, Wilder was opening a present when he suddenly leaped for a nearby kitchen knife and threatened his mother, Rachael Anderson. Fearing for her safety, Anderson immediately called the police. However, Wilder then went on to threaten to burn down the family’s house with a lighter. The incident happened in front of the boy’s younger siblings, who were understandably traumatized. Wilder appeared before a judge at Bristol Magistrates Court, who berated him for his "extremely hurtful" attack on his own mother. The judge stated that Wilder had caused "great harm and distress" to his family and warned him that such behavior would not be tolerated. Despite this, the judge imposed a sentence of 21 days' detention, suspended for two years, meaning that Wilder will not actually have to spend any time in prison as long as he stays out of trouble for the next two years. In addition, he was also banned from visiting his mother, which the judge said was necessary to protect Anderson and her younger children. The incident has caused shock and concern in the local community, with many residents expressing their support for Anderson and her family. Speaking to reporters, one neighbor described the incident as a "tragic and disturbing" example of the breakdown of family relationships. John Smith, a spokesperson for the local police, also issued a warning to other families in the area, reminding them of the importance of keeping knives and other dangerous weapons out of the reach of children. "While this incident was a particularly extreme and distressing example of family violence, it does serve as a reminder of the need to be vigilant when it comes to the safety of children," he said. "We urge all parents to make sure that any knives or other dangerous items are kept well away from their children, and to seek help and support if they are experiencing any issues in their family relationships." The incident also highlights the growing problem of domestic violence in the UK, with many families struggling to cope with the pressures of the COVID-19 pandemic and the resulting lockdowns. Experts say that the pandemic has led to a rise in domestic violence, with many victims trapped at home with their abusers. Despite this, support services for victims of domestic violence remain underfunded and overstretched, leaving many vulnerable people without the help they need. Charities and other organizations are calling on the government to do more to support victims of domestic violence and to increase funding for support services. In the meantime, however, families like Anderson's continue to struggle with the aftermath of violent incidents. While Wilder has been banned from visiting his mother, the emotional scars of the attack will likely take much longer to heal.