article: An overjoyed little boy is seen gushing about his first kiss in a heartwarming video he filmed for his parents. When Griffin, whose age is not known, told his parents that he had kissed a girl on the playground, they had him share his news on camera, and the video was later posted on YouTube. 'This is amazing,' he says after introducing himself. 'I got my first kiss today, and it is just so mind-blowing that I can just feel it.' First love: A little boy named Griffin recounts the details of his 'amazing' first kiss, saying: 'It is just so mind-blowing that I can just feel it' The elementary school student animatedly recounts the experience inside a moving car, presumably on his way home from school. 'It's mixed up in my head and my heart,' he continues. 'When she kisses me, it goes to my brain. It goes to my heart.' Griffin puts his hand on his head as he tries to describe the stream of emotions he had felt during the sweet moment. 'It just goes in my brain so much; it just goes kablooey! It’s so good! I had a funny feeling. It was so great.' Stream of emotions: The elementary school student puts his hand to his head as he describes his feelings for the camera. 'When she kisses me, it goes to my brain,' he says. 'It goes to my heart' Perfect moment: He ends the video about his first kiss by saying:  'It’s so good! I had a funny feeling. It was so great' The video was first shared by AFV kids on January 9 and has since received nearly 18,000 views. 'He should marry that girl,' one person commented on the YouTube page. Another wrote: 'Never thought a kid THAT young would say any words like that... Wow.' The following day, the adorable footage was posted on the Facebook page of the Australian radio program The Kyle and Jackie O Show, where it received more than a million views and nearly 23,000 likes.
highlights: Griffin, whose age is not known, says: 'It just goes in my brain so much; it just goes kablooey! … I had a funny feeling. It was so great’ Since the video was posted on Facebook, it has been viewed more than a million times .
id: f3851ac574d798ea50a3bb49f7e0bc872d6b4305
chatgpt: A video of a man named Griffin has gone viral after he had an exceptional experience that left him feeling ecstatic. In the video, Griffin describes how a certain sensation in his brain feels like it goes "kablooey" and gives him a "funny feeling" that is simply "so great." The video, which was posted on Facebook, has since been viewed over a million times. Griffin's age is unknown, but he has quickly become an internet sensation, with people sharing and commenting on the video all around the world. Some people have even suggested that the sensation Griffin experiences might be a type of synesthesia, which is a neurological condition in which one sense (such as hearing) is simultaneously perceived as another sense (such as taste). Whatever the cause of Griffin's experience, it appears to be incredibly powerful and positive. Many people who have watched the video have expressed their envy at Griffin's ability to feel such a rush of euphoria. Some have even tried to replicate the sensation themselves, with varying degrees of success. The video has also sparked a lot of discussion about the nature of happiness and joy. Some experts suggest that Griffin's experience might be similar to the "flow state" that people often experience when they are deeply engaged in an activity that they enjoy. During a flow state, people can become completely absorbed in what they are doing and lose track of time, leading to a sense of fulfillment and happiness. Regardless of the scientific explanation behind Griffin's experience, the video has certainly captured the attention of people all over the world. It is a powerful reminder that, even in the midst of challenging times, there are moments of beauty and joy that can bring us together and lift our spirits. In conclusion, Griffin has become an internet sensation after a video of him describing an amazing experience where he feels a sensation that goes "kablooey" in his brain was posted on Facebook. The video has since been viewed over a million times, sparking discussion about the nature of happiness and joy. The powerful sensation that Griffin experiences is a reminder that even in difficult times, there are moments of beauty and happiness that can help us through.