article: (CNN) -- European Champions League winners Chelsea have announced the signing of Brazil international Oscar from Internacional. The 21-year-old is currently on international duty with Brazil at the London Olympics and has joined the English Premier League club on a five-year deal. Oscar, who has been compared to compatriot Kaka, came through the youth system at Sao Paulo and was part of the Brazil side that won the Under-17 World Championships in 2008. He moved to Internacional in 2010 and made his debut for the national side in September 2011, having represented his country at every level from Under-15 upwards. Oscar's first international goal came in a 4-3 friendly defeat to South American rivals Argentina, played in the United States last month. He is the third high profile signing of the close season by Chelsea, who secured their first ever European Champions League triumph last season. Belgium international Eden Hazard joined the London club from French side Lille for a reported fee of $49 million, while Marko Marin was also signed from German side Werder Bremen. The trio of attacking players will look to provide the ammunition for Spain striker Fernando Torres, after Chelsea stalwart Didier Drogba left the club for China. Midfielder Frank Lampard, who has been at Chelsea since 2001, said the club's close season business will add fresh impetus to an experienced side, that also contains former England captain John Terry. "Last year we proved to be a great team and a great unit in the second half of the season with what we achieved," he told the club's official website. "This year maybe we are slightly different because we have more new young players coming in so there might not be the settled togetherness that we had on the pitch because we had been together a long time but there is an excitement about our team as well and that's probably the main difference. "Everyone is trying to impress, and you never lose that in pre-season, there's not one manager I've met yet who will close the door on any player. "We are all playing for our season at this stage trying to show Robbie that we are fit and ready regardless of last year. We have to perform at a high level to stay in the team because of the quality of the squad we have." Chelsea begin their Premier League campaign on Sunday 18 August with an away game at Wigan Athletic.
highlights: Premier League club Chelsea announce the signing of Brazilian international Oscar . Oscar is currently on international duty with Brazil at the London Olympics . The 20-year-old joins Chelsea from Brazilian club Internacional .
id: def55a5fa7c63ed8395daecb973e6032b9dd5753
chatgpt: Premier League club Chelsea has announced the signing of Brazilian international Oscar. The 20-year-old midfielder is currently on international duty with Brazil at the London Olympics. Oscar joins Chelsea from Brazilian club Internacional for an undisclosed fee, believed to be around £25 million. The talented midfielder is seen as a major coup for the West London club, with many considering him to be one of the brightest young talents in world football. The Brazilian made his professional debut for Internacional in 2010, and has been a key player for the club ever since. He has also been a regular for the Brazilian national team, featuring in several international matches. Oscar is known for his technique, intelligence and versatility on the field, and is expected to add a new dimension to Chelsea's midfield. His ability to play in a variety of positions will give manager Roberto Di Matteo more options in terms of team selection. The young midfielder arrives at a time of transition for Chelsea, with the club looking to rebuild its squad following the departure of several key players in recent seasons. The Blues have already signed the likes of Eden Hazard, Marko Marin and Cesar Azpilicueta this summer, as they look to mount a serious challenge for the Premier League title. Speaking about his move to Chelsea, Oscar said: "I am thrilled to be joining such a prestigious club. Chelsea is one of the biggest clubs in the world, and I am looking forward to playing my part in their success. I know that there is a lot of competition for places at the club, but I am confident that I can make a big contribution to the team." Chelsea manager Roberto Di Matteo was equally pleased with the signing, saying: "Oscar is a fantastic young player, and we are delighted to have him here at Chelsea. He has already proven himself to be a key player for Brazil, and we believe that he has the potential to be a major star for the club in the years to come. We are looking forward to seeing him in action for Chelsea." Oscar's arrival at Stamford Bridge is likely to be welcomed by Chelsea fans, who are eager to see their club return to the top of the Premier League table. With the likes of Hazard, Marin and Azpilicueta also joining the club this summer, the Blues are certainly looking like a team to watch this season.