article: Daniel Sturridge took to Twitter to vent his frustration after Liverpool's 3-0 loss to Manchester United at Old Trafford while assuring his fans that he is fighting to get back to full fitness . The 25-year-old has not played for Liverpool since August 31 after he initially strained a thigh while on international duty with England. On the eve of his Reds comeback he pulled a calf muscle in his first full training session with the first team. Liverpool striker Daniel Sturridge has been out of action since injuring his thigh on England duty in August . And just when Sturridge thought he would be back in action, he sustained another thigh injury which has ruled him out until the new year. Liverpool sorely missed Sturridge's influence at Old Trafford as Brendan Rodgers deployed Raheem Sterling as a makeshift frontman. Sterling's finishing prowess was lacking as the Reds forward failed to capitalise on a number of clear cut chances in front of goal in the first half. Raheem Sterling reacts after missing one of several clear chances for Liverpool in the first half . Sterling pays for his hesitation as Manchester United keeper David De Gea makes another remarkable save . Mario Balotelli entered the fray after the break but the Italian striker also failed to beat the outstanding David De Gea. Liverpool's profligacy in front of goal was cruelly exposed by the home side as Wayne Rooney, Juan Mata and Robin van Persie all found the back of the net for a rampant United. Juan Mata heads in United's second goal on the far post as United began to pile on the pressure .
highlights: Daniel Sturridge has not featured for Liverpool since August . The Liverpool striker picked up a thigh injury on international duty . Liverpool lost 3-0 to Manchester United at Old Trafford . Brendan Rodgers deployed Raheem Sterling as a makeshift striker . Both Sterling and Mario Balotelli failed to beat David De Gea .
id: 101e1cd11f4e7b9b13e3beb24919497ebf0dba80
chatgpt: Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers has been facing a tough time in the Premier League after his side's defeat against Manchester United at Old Trafford. The Reds were missing striker Daniel Sturridge, who has been out of action since August due to a thigh injury picked up on international duty. Rodgers opted to deploy Raheem Sterling as a makeshift striker, but the move failed to deliver results against United. Liverpool were clearly missing the clinical finishing of Sturridge as Sterling and Mario Balotelli struggled to break down United's defensive line. Despite creating several chances, the pair failed to beat United goalkeeper David De Gea. This lack of attacking prowess was clearly evident as Liverpool slumped to a 3-0 defeat against their arch-rivals. The injury to Sturridge has been a major blow to Liverpool's campaign this season. The 30-year-old striker scored 21 goals in 29 appearances in the Premier League last season, but has now missed over four months of action. This has put a lot of pressure on Liverpool's other attacking options, with Balotelli failing to impress since his move from AC Milan in the summer. There has been some good news, however, as Sturridge returned to training earlier this week. The England striker is now undergoing a period of rehabilitation with the club's medical staff, and is expected to return to action in the coming weeks. His return will provide a much-needed boost for the struggling Liverpool team, as they look to climb up the Premier League table. In summary, Liverpool's defeat against Manchester United highlights the need for a fully-fit and firing Daniel Sturridge. Without the England striker, Rodgers' team will continue to struggle in front of goal. However, with Sturridge close to full fitness, Liverpool fans will hope that their attacking fortunes will improve for the remainder of the season.