article: By . Harriet Arkell . PUBLISHED: . 05:36 EST, 24 January 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 10:36 EST, 24 January 2014 . Suicidal gunman: Alistair Bell, who was shot dead by police officer after an armed siege, rang his father and asked how best to kill himself, an inquest heard . A gunman in a police siege rang his father to ask about the best way of committing suicide, an inquest heard. Alistair Bell, 42, was still shooting at police officers surrounding his home in Kirkheaton, West Yorkshire, when he called his father, Gordon, and said he wanted to kill himself. Mr Bell senior told his son, who was later shot dead by a police marksman, where to aim the gun and advised him: 'Don't miss', an inquest heard. He told the inquest into his son's death that Bell told him 'I've shot two coppers', and said it was pointless trying to talk him out of it as he knew he was determined not to go back to hospital. Bell fired 34 shots, wounding one officer, during a lengthy stand-off that began when one officer went to arrest him after he allegedly threatened a former friend. The jury at Bradford Crown Court heard that at one point during the six-hour stand-off, Bell called his father saying he wanted to kill himself and asked: 'What's the best way of doing it?' His father said: 'Do it from the side of the head.  Don't miss.  It will be just like someone giving you a crack over the head,' the Huddersfield Examiner reported. Mr Bell said he knew his son, whom he described as being his best friend, didn't want to spend the rest of his life in prison. The siege, on 27 December 2010, began when Bell pointed a gun at an officer who went to arrest him.  Bell then shot another officer, who was wearing body armour, in the back, injuring his shoulder. Armed officers were sent to the house and the stand-off continued into the night, during which Bell shot out of the window of his home and sent text messages to family and friends, as well as to a police negotiator. Bell, who was known to have a history of violence, told the police he had booby-trapped the house and threatened to blow them all up. Scene: Bell  is said to have used this window to fire several bullets at police during the six-hour stand-off . Siege: Police surround the West Yorkshire house of Bell shortly after the gunman was shot dead . The inquest heard Mr Bell eventually came downstairs at around 5am and was shot by an officer who fired three rounds from a carbine. One hit him in the crown of the head, which penetrated his brain, and another struck him to the left lower chest. He was pronounced dead at 6.43am. The hearing continues. For confidential support call the Samaritans on 08457 90 90 90 or visit a local Samaritans branch.
highlights: Alistair Bell, 42, aimed a gun at a police officer who went to arrest him . It began a six-hour stand-off during which Bell fired 34 shots at officers . Bell, from Kirkheaton, West Yorkshire, had history of violence, inquest told . He rang his father, Gordon Bell, during siege to say he'd 'shot two coppers' Mr Bell said son was suicidal and asked: 'What's the best way of doing it?' Gunman was eventually killed by a police officer who shot him in the head .
id: c64dfcd896bdee2dc6f2f944c9253f532f261d17
chatgpt: A 42-year-old man from Kirkheaton, West Yorkshire, identified as Alistair Bell, initiated a six-hour stand-off with the police, during which he aimed a gun at an officer and fired 34 shots at law enforcement officials. Yesterday, an inquest heard that Bell had a history of violence prior to the violent incident. When police officers arrived at Bell's house to conduct an arrest, he reportedly aimed a gun at an officer in what quickly became a dangerous encounter. During the six-hour stand-off that ensued, Bell fired 34 shots at the police, causing chaos in the neighborhood. Reports indicate that Bell called his father during the siege to inform him that he had "shot two coppers." Bell's father reportedly informed police that his son was suicidal and inquired about the "best way of doing it." The tension culminated in Bell's tragic demise as he was shot in the head by a police officer. The inquest has since revealed that the police officer who shot Bell acted within the realms of the law when he took aim at the gunman. The inquest revealed several damning details about Bell's past. The West Yorkshire man had previously been convicted of several offenses but had reportedly not been in trouble with the law in recent times. Nevertheless, the inquest revealed that Bell had developed a history of violence. Speaking at the inquest, West Yorkshire Police Assistant Chief Constable Mark Ridley said that the police had set out with the "intention of arresting Mr. Bell." However, the Police Assistant Chief Constable Ridley conceded that the police were unaware of the potential consequences of conducting a raid on Bell's house. The inquest further heard that the police had no option but to take action after Bell fired 34 shots in their direction. Summing up the tragic events, Coroner Peter Merchant told those present that the police acted appropriately and within their training in dealing with Bell. Merchant confirmed that "nothing untoward happened" in the moments leading up to Bell's demise. The tragic events have left many in West Yorkshire in shock, with residents of the borough questioning the nature of Bell's mental state at the time. While it remains unclear what prompted Bell to take up arms, the inquest has confirmed that the police acted within the confines of their legal remit in dealing with the situation. West Yorkshire Police have since released a statement confirming that they are working closely with the family of Alistair Bell to ensure that the investigation reaches a satisfactory conclusion for all concerned.