article: (CNN) -- A policeman and a former corrections officer say that on Friday they will unveil evidence of what they claim is their biggest find ever: the body of Bigfoot. The thawed body of a creature reputed to be Bigfoot reportedly weighs more than 500 pounds. Matthew Whitton and Rick Dyer, a pair of Bigfoot-hunting hobbyists from north Georgia, say they found the creature's body in a wooded area and spotted several similar creatures that were still alive. The carcass of the furry half-man, half-ape is 7 feet, 7 inches tall and weighs more than 500 pounds, they say. However, the two are not disclosing the exact location of their discovery to protect the remaining creatures. Tom Nelson, chairman of the biology department at North Georgia College and State University in Dahlonega, said he's "pretty skeptical" the world will feast its eyes on a new species Friday. "That would certainly rock mammalogy," joked Nelson, who specializes in the study of mammals. "I see a research grant in my future." Whitton and Dyer plan to unveil what they say is DNA and photo evidence of the discovery in Palo Alto, California, in conjunction with a group called Searching for Bigfoot Inc. A photograph on that group's Web site shows what appears to be the body of a large, hairy creature with an ape-like face, stuffed into a large freezer. According to a written release, the two announced the discovery on an Internet radio show, "Squatch Detective," several weeks ago. iReport.com: Do you believe in Bigfoot? "The only person we would allow to come down and verify the body was 'the Real Bigfoot Hunter,' Tom Biscardi," Dyer said, referring to Searching for Bigfoot's CEO, who has been looking for the elusive, legendary creature in the United States and Canada since 1971. Whitton is a Georgia police officer who is on administrative leave after being shot in the wrist during a pursuit. Dyer is a former prison guard. DNA tests on the body have begun, said the statement, and "extensive scientific studies" will be done on the body by scientists, including a molecular biologist, an anthropologist and a paleontologist. Nelson, the university professor, acknowledged that new species of animals have been discovered in recent decades and that, in science, "we always acknowledge the possibility of something new." But he said that even in north Georgia, home to the Blue Ridge Mountains and the foot of the Appalachian Trail, it stretches the imagination to think a family of 7-foot-tall creatures could have eluded hunters, hikers and creeping development until now. "To the average person, these places just seem like extreme wilderness where you'll find lions and tigers and bears," he said. "The reality is that you're never more than a mile from a road." The group says the animal is male, has reddish hair and "blackish-gray" eyes and human-like feet, hands and teeth. CNN's Doug Gross contributed to this report.
highlights: North Georgia men say they've found a den of Bigfoot creatures . They say they'll reveal details of one Bigfoot on Friday in California . The body of the furry half man-half ape is 7 feet, 7 inches tall, they say . Men won't reveal Bigfoot den's location because they don't want others disturbed .
id: bbcab93b92884da9e6bbb6f864bc0d80340f781e
chatgpt: A group of North Georgia men claim to have discovered a den of Bigfoot creatures, sparking excitement and curiosity among Bigfoot enthusiasts around the world. According to the men, they have stumbled upon a group of furry, half-man, half-ape creatures that have been living in a remote area of the mountains. The men, who have chosen to remain anonymous, have yet to reveal the exact location of the Bigfoot den, citing concerns that others might disturb the creatures. However, they say they will share more details about their discovery on Friday in California, where they plan to reveal the body of one of the 7-foot-7-inch tall Bigfoot creatures. The group of men claim to have been tracking the Bigfoot creatures for several months, noting their habits and patterns of behavior. They say that the Bigfoot creatures are highly intelligent and have been able to evade detection for hundreds of years. The discovery of the Bigfoot den has attracted attention from around the world, with people flocking to the remote mountain area in hopes of catching a glimpse of the elusive creatures. While some people are skeptical of the group's claims, others are taking them seriously and are eagerly awaiting more information about the Bigfoot discovery. In recent years, there have been several reported sightings of Bigfoot in various parts of the world, but none have been officially confirmed. However, the North Georgia men say that their discovery is different because they have obtained physical evidence of the creatures' existence. Many Bigfoot enthusiasts are hopeful that the discovery of the Bigfoot den will help to prove the creature's existence once and for all. Others are simply fascinated by the idea of a half-man, half-ape creature living in the mountains of North Georgia. The men have taken great care in preserving the body of the Bigfoot creature, which they say is in excellent condition. They plan to share the body with the scientific community in hopes of learning more about the creature's biology and characteristics. Despite the excitement surrounding the discovery, the men say that they are committed to ensuring the safety and privacy of the Bigfoot creatures. They are asking others to respect their decision not to reveal the location of the Bigfoot den and to refrain from attempting to contact or disturb the creatures in any way. As the world waits for more information about the Bigfoot discovery, one thing is certain: the discovery of a Bigfoot den in the remote mountains of North Georgia has sparked a renewed interest in the creature and has reignited the debate about its existence.