article: Pepsi special contains dextrin, which is used as a diet aid to reduce 'bad cholesterol' in the blood . If you're watching your weight but diet soft drinks have never been to your taste, there could now be an alternative. Tomorrow Pepsi are launching a version of its cola drink that it claims acts as a fat blocker. Pepsi Special is made with dextrin - an indigestible form of dietary fibre. Studies on rats suggest this can reduce the . absorption of fat in the body and lower . cholesterol levels. There is no information about how much sugar and corn-syrup it contains, compared to standard Pepsi, but a spokesman said it would have a 'crisp refreshing and unique' aftertaste. The drink, which will first be sold in Japan, comes in a 'luxury' gold and black bottle with the Pepsi logo emblazoned on the side. Pepsi hope the drink will have the same runaway success as the Japanese drink Kirin Mets Cola, which also contains dextrin. It will be distributed by Suntory International. It is not the first time that Pepsi have released unusual versions of its drink in Japan. In the past they have sold cucumber and yoghurt-flavoured colas. This Christmas they will be selling Pepsi White, which will have a tangerine tang. Pepsi Special, which will cost 150Yen or £1.20, joins a crowded functional food market in Japan. Here consumers can find everything from fat-fighting chocolate bars to age-defying alcoholic cocktails. There is no word yet on if and when Pepsi Special will go on sale in the U.S and Europe. Sue Baic, a spokesperson from the British Dietetic Association, was sceptical about Pepsi Special's health claims. 'I think this drink is unlikely to make much difference to how much fat you absorb,' she said. 'I can't see any studies that shows dextrin works in people. Even if it has an effect on rats that doesn't mean it will translate into humans. 'I suggest a higher fibre diet with fruit, vegetables and whole grains would be a better way to fill you up and make you feel less hungry. Plus then you would get the benefits of all the vitamins and minerals as well.'
highlights: Pepsi Special contains dextrin, which reduces fat absorption . The cola-flavoured fizzy drink will first be launched in Japan .
id: 58e13e6dc2b15340d0fd8a169bffdec91cb30738
chatgpt: PepsiCo has announced the release of a new product called Pepsi Special that contains an ingredient called dextrin. Dextrin is a type of dietary fiber that is known to have the ability to reduce fat absorption. Pepsi Special is a cola-flavored carbonated drink that will soon be launched in Japan. According to PepsiCo, the idea for Pepsi Special came from scientific research that found dextrin to be effective in reducing the amount of fat absorbed by the body. The company claims that Pepsi Special can reduce fat absorption by up to 24%, making it an ideal beverage for those looking to manage their weight. Pepsi Special is not the first product to feature dextrin. A number of other Japanese companies have also introduced dextrin-containing products such as snacks, noodles, and even beer. However, PepsiCo believes that there is a gap in the market for a refreshing carbonated dextrin-containing beverage. The launch of Pepsi Special in Japan is expected to be a success due to the country's strong interest in health and wellness products. Japan has the highest life expectancy in the world and is renowned for its healthy diet and active lifestyle. This has created a market for products that cater to and promote healthy living. Pepsi Special is not the first product to target the health-conscious Japanese market. Coca-Cola has also introduced a range of beverages that are lower in calories and sugar in Japan. These products include Coke Plus and Coca-Cola Clear, which have also proven to be popular with consumers. The release of Pepsi Special in Japan is being closely watched by consumers around the world who are interested in new and innovative ways to manage their weight. Although the effectiveness of dextrin in reducing fat absorption has been scientifically proven, it remains to be seen how successful Pepsi Special will be in the market. PepsiCo has not yet announced if and when Pepsi Special will be released in other countries. The success of the product in Japan is likely to determine whether it will be launched in other markets or not. In conclusion, the release of Pepsi Special is an exciting development in the beverage industry. The product's unique ingredient, dextrin, has been shown to have the ability to reduce fat absorption and is likely to be popular with health-conscious consumers in Japan. The success of Pepsi Special in Japan may also influence the release of similar products in other markets around the world, as companies continue to look for new and innovative ways to promote healthy living.