article: Gordon Ramsay says he looks ‘like a piece of asparagus’ after losing more than two stone on a strict year-long diet and gruelling exercise regime. The TV chef has cut out the fatty foods he once tucked into on his shows in favour of vegan shakes, almond milk and plates of vegetables. From a starting weight of 16st 2lb, Ramsay – who is 6ft 2in – has dropped to a chiselled 14st with a face and figure that are almost unrecognisable to how he looked before deciding to get in shape for a triathlon. Gordon Ramsay has lost more than 2st (pictured, left, in 2012 and, right, after his year-long regime) by cutting out fatty food and replacing them with vegan shakes and plates of vegetables . Ramsay, 46, allows himself only one cup of coffee every two days – and the milk he takes with it is the only dairy product he uses. He eats oatmeal or muesli in the mornings and favours protein-rich dishes such as poached fish and chicken. The Hell’s Kitchen star has also been working out three to four days a week under separate coaches in the UK and Los Angeles. His regime includes 70-mile cycle rides and 25-mile runs, and he has been getting up daily at 4.30am for two-hour swims while shooting his new series in LA. Ramsay says he will not let his weight drop below 13st 8lb because he is already a 'piece of asparagus' Ramsay launched his health kick a year ago to prepare for the world's toughest triathlon in Kona, Hawaii . But he insists he will not let his weight go lower than 13st 8lb, telling November’s Triathlete magazine: ‘I look like a bloody piece of asparagus.’ Ramsay launched his health kick a year ago to prepare for the world’s toughest triathlon in Kona, Hawaii, and tried to keep his training secret by racing under an assumed name. He finished the triathlon, which involved a 2.4-mile ocean swim, a 112-mile bike ride and a marathon, which is 26.2 miles long, in 14 hours, four minutes and 48 seconds a week ago.
highlights: TV chef has cut out fatty foods in favour of vegan shakes and vegetables . Ramsay has dropped to 14st from a starting weight of 16st 2lb .
id: 8f46d21e93279c0609c625066809e6b47e4e2e23
chatgpt: Celebrity chef Gordon Ramsay is making headlines after revealing the secret to his impressive weight loss. The foul-mouthed chef, known for his love of rich, indulgent food, has made a drastic change to his diet by cutting out fatty foods in favour of vegan shakes and vegetables. According to Ramsay, the switch to a plant-based diet has helped him shed a whopping two stone, dropping from his starting weight of 16st 2lb to a slim 14st. The 53-year-old credits the change in diet for not only helping him lose weight but also for giving him more energy throughout the day. The chef, who rose to fame with his fiery temper and Michelin-starred restaurants, has been showcasing his new, leaner physique on social media. Fans have been quick to praise the chef on his transformation, with many commenting on how healthy and happy he appears. Ramsay has been sharing his new diet regime with his followers, posting pictures of his daily vegan shakes and vegetable-based meals. The celebrity chef has proven that even those who love rich, indulgent food can make the switch to a healthier lifestyle. Whilst it may come as a surprise to his fans that Ramsay has ditched his love for rich foods, the chef has always been conscious of staying healthy. In an interview with Men's Health, Ramsay previously revealed that he enjoys running and cycling to help keep himself in shape. Fans of the chef will be keen to see if his new diet choices will start appearing on his restaurant menus. Whilst Ramsay is known for his classic meat-based dishes, it is possible that the chef may now turn his hand to creating more plant-based options for his customers. Ramsay is not alone in his switch to a plant-based diet, which has gained popularity over recent years. The health benefits of cutting out meat and dairy have been widely documented, with research showing that a vegan diet can lead to improvements in heart health, weight loss, and lowering the risk of certain diseases. As Ramsay continues to showcase his vegan lifestyle, it is clear that the chef is not afraid to shake things up in the kitchen. Whilst his classic dishes may still be a favourite amongst his fans, it seems that Ramsay's new plant-based diet is here to stay.