article: Jose Mourinho has refused to get carried away with Chelsea's table-topping form in the Premier League, despite hailing them as the best club in the country so far this season. The Blues boss masterminded his side to a 2-0 win away at Stoke on Monday night - a result that sees them move three points clear of second-placed Manchester City. Seven out of the last 10 teams who have led the Premier League on Christmas day have gone onto win the title - but Mourinho isn't looking past the club's festive fixture list. Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho has hailed his side as the best in the Premier League so far this season . Mourinho (centre) hugs Branislav Ivanovic (left) and Cesc Fabregas after their 2-0 win at Stoke on Monday . 'I don't think it's important what you did in past [Mourinho won successive titles with Chelsea in 2005 and 2006 after they topped the table at Christmas in both seasons]' he said in his post-match interview on Sky Sports' Monday Night Football show . But this season though, in my opinion, we we're the best side today because we're top. 'We start this Christmas period with the hardest set of fixtures in comparison to our rivals. Coming up we have difficult away games [at Southampton and Tottenham] and next face West Ham [on Boxing Day] at home who are playing well. 'Today [Monday] was a fantastic performance. It's one of those games where victory means more than three points. You feel the atmosphere, the spirit in the team as they aim to win the title.' Chelsea captain John Terry and midfielder Nemanja Matic both echoed their manager's sentiments post-match too. Captain John Terry (second right) headed the Blues ahead in just the second minute of the match . Terry, who scored their opener at the Britannia Stadium, believes the title is a three-horse race between themseleves, City and Manchester United. Asked if he feels Chelsea are on course to win only the club's third Premier League title in their history, the 34-year-old said: 'No if you look at City they've come from nowhere and United are back in fold too. All it takes is a run of games from either side to overcome us. 'There's a long way to go and we've got West Ham next - who were a tough opponent for us last season [the sides drew 0-0 in the corresponding fixutre at Stamford Bridge last term]. It's a cliche but we're taking it game by game. Matic added: 'It's very important to be first as it means we depend on ourselves now for results. City are only three points behind us and United are 10 - anything can happen until the end [of the season] so we have to keep concentrating.' Blues midfielder Nemanja Matic (right) says the club 'will have to keep concentrating' if they are to win the title .
highlights: Chelsea won 2-0 away at Stoke City in Monday's Premier League encounter . Result sees Chelsea move three points clear of Manchester City in the table . Jose Mourinho's side have just lost one of their 17 league games so far . Blues face West Ham next before trips to Southampton and Tottenham .
id: 17da47cb2242e10dab46f250339ed047306e8871
chatgpt: Chelsea maintained their title charge with a convincing 2-0 win away at Stoke City on Monday night. The result sees the Blues move three points ahead of Manchester City at the top of the Premier League table, and they have now lost just one of their 17 league games so far this season. Jose Mourinho's side dominated much of the encounter against Stoke, and they took the lead just before half-time through a well-taken goal from Brazilian midfielder Ramires. The 27-year-old received the ball just outside the box and was allowed to run at the Stoke defence before unleashing a fierce strike into the bottom corner of the net. Chelsea continued to press forward in the second half, and they doubled their lead on the hour mark thanks to a brilliant individual goal from Brazilian playmaker Oscar. The 23-year-old picked up the ball just inside the Stoke half, dribbled past two defenders and coolly slotted the ball past the onrushing goalkeeper. The victory takes Chelsea three points clear at the top of the Premier League table, although second-placed Manchester City do have a game in hand. Mourinho's side will now turn their attention to their next fixture, a home game against West Ham, before tricky away trips to Southampton and Tottenham. After the match, Mourinho was full of praise for his players and hailed their "fantastic" performance. "The players did fantastically well," said the Portuguese manager. "They played with a lot of quality, a lot of intensity and a lot of control. We had to be patient because Stoke are a difficult team to play against, but we got the goal just before half-time and that was important. Overall, I am very happy with the performance and the result." The Chelsea boss singled out Ramires for special praise, hailing the midfielder's goal as "fantastic". "Ramires is a fantastic player," said Mourinho. "He has a lot of energy, he runs a lot and he is always available for the team. His goal tonight was fantastic; he showed great composure and skill to score from that position." The win also sees Chelsea extend their impressive defensive record in the Premier League this season. The Blues have now kept 11 clean sheets in 17 league games, conceding just 14 goals in the process. This defensive solidity, coupled with their attacking flair, has made them the team to beat in this season's title race. While Mourinho will no doubt be delighted with his side's performance against Stoke, he will be keen to ensure that his players do not get complacent as they approach a crucial period in the season. With games against West Ham, Southampton and Tottenham coming up, the Blues will need to maintain their high levels of intensity and focus if they are to maintain their lead at the top of the table.