article: (CNN) -- Alabama lawmakers are calling on U.S. District Judge Mark Fuller to resign over allegations that he hit his wife "several times with a closed fist" in an Atlanta hotel room in August. U.S. Sens. Jeff Sessions and Richard Shelby of Alabama released separate statements Thursday calling for Fuller's resignation. Shelby said Fuller has "lost the confidence of his colleagues and the people of the state of Alabama." Sessions said Fuller's "unacceptable personal conduct violates the trust that has been placed in him." According to a police report obtained by CNN, Fuller's wife, Kelli, suffered "lacerations to her mouth and forehead" in the August 9 incident at the downtown Atlanta Ritz-Carlton hotel. He also grabbed his wife "by her hair, pulling it out," the report says, leading her to suffer "bruises on her ankle, thigh and knee from being dragged." Fuller's wife was "treated on scene by (paramedics) but refused to be transported to the hospital," according to news release from the Atlanta Police Department. Fuller spent the night an Atlanta jail after being charged with misdemeanor battery in the alleged domestic violence incident. Earlier this month, he accepted a pretrial diversion without having to admit guilt. The program, typical for first-time domestic dispute offenders, involves a substance abuse assessment and counseling. Fuller's wife was heard on 911 calls telling dispatchers, "Help me, please. Please, help me. He's beating on me." She agreed to the terms of the pretrial diversion. Following his acceptance into the pretrial diversion program, Fuller said in a statement to CNN, "I deeply regret this incident and look forward to working to resolve this issue with my family, where they should be resolved. I look forward to completing the family counseling that I voluntarily began several weeks ago and to successfully completing the requirements of the diversion." Toobin: Wife-beating is not a private matter . U.S. Rep. Terri Sewell, D-Alabama, compared Fuller's infractions to recent incidents in the National Football League. "If an NFL player can lose his job because of domestic violence then a federal judge should definitely not be allowed to keep his life-time appointment to the federal bench," she said in a statement. Sewell said she would support moving forward on an impeachment if Fuller doesn't resign. Fuller's attorney said calls for his client's resignation are "unwarranted" and said drawing conclusions between Fuller and the "Ray Rice case ... represents a failure of critical thinking." Immediately following Fuller's arrest, all of his cases were reassigned to other judges, his attorney Barry Ragsdale told CNN, and "no cases are coming to him." His return to the bench is "all dependent on when the 11th circuit court investigation is done," Ragsdale said. Fuller was confirmed to the U.S. District Court for the Middle District of Alabama in 2002. LZ Granderson: Congress, you can impeach Mark Fuller .
highlights: U.S. District Judge Mark Fuller is accused of hitting his wife "several times with a closed fist" Sen. Richard Shelby: He's "lost the confidence of his colleagues and the people" of Alabama . Sen. Jeff Sessions: His "conduct violates the trust that has been placed in him" Rep. Terri Sewell says if Fuller doesn't resign, she'll back an impeachment effort .
id: b6e122d3c7617ac8180c842afa3a092abb8385ab
chatgpt: U.S. District Judge Mark Fuller is facing mounting pressure to resign after being accused of domestic violence against his wife. According to reports, Fuller allegedly hit his wife "several times with a closed fist" during an altercation at a hotel in Atlanta last month. The allegations have sparked outrage among lawmakers and advocates for victims of domestic violence. Sen. Richard Shelby, who recommended Fuller for the judgeship, said the judge has "lost the confidence of his colleagues and the people" of Alabama. Sen. Jeff Sessions, a former U.S. attorney and longtime friend of Fuller, called the allegations "deeply troubling" and said Fuller's "conduct violates the trust that has been placed in him." Meanwhile, Rep. Terri Sewell, the only Democrat in Alabama's congressional delegation, has said she will back an effort to impeach Fuller if he does not step down voluntarily. "I believe it is incumbent upon Judge Fuller to put his family and the integrity of the judiciary first by resigning immediately," Sewell said in a statement. If Fuller refuses to step down, Sewell said she will call on the House Judiciary Committee to impeach him. According to Sewell, Fuller's alleged conduct "runs contrary to the oath he swore to uphold and protect the Constitution." Fuller was appointed to the bench by President George W. Bush in 2002, and his current term is set to expire next year. His caseload includes high-profile cases such as the prosecution of former Alabama Gov. Don Siegelman. However, the allegations of domestic violence have cast a shadow over Fuller's career and raised questions about his ability to uphold the law impartially. If he is impeached, he would be only the seventh federal judge in U.S. history to be removed from office. The case also highlights the broader issue of domestic violence in the United States. According to the National Coalition Against Domestic Violence, one in three women and one in four men are victims of domestic violence at some point in their lives. In recent years, there has been growing awareness of the problem, and lawmakers have introduced a number of measures aimed at combating domestic violence. These have included increasing funding for shelters and hotlines, creating new laws to protect victims, and incorporating domestic violence education into school curriculums. However, incidents like the one involving Judge Fuller serve as a reminder that there is still much work to be done. As Rep. Sewell put it, "No one, no matter their station in life, is above the law."