article: By . Sam Webb . The chances of a ewe giving birth to five lambs is a million to one but brothers Robert and Andrew Mackintosh have beaten the odds for the second year in a row. A ewe at their farm in Glengolly in the Highlands gave birth to the rare set of quintuplets last week and both mother and babies are doing well. Andrew, 41, who helped make the special delivery, said he was stunned to see five lambs pop out - especially after another of their ewes gave birth to quintuplets during the lambing season last year. Against the odds: This ewe at a farm in the Scottish Highlands had five normal-sized healthy offspring -  a million-to-one chance . Gimme five: Now fit, strong and healthy, these quintuplets, pictured with their mother, are enjoying life in the Highlands . And despite the unusual pregnancy he said the labour was one of the easiest there has been at the farm this year. 'Despite the ewe giving birth to five lambs, it was a straightforward labour,' he said. 'The lambs came out of the mother one straight after the other without any difficulty. There were also no health problems with any of the lambs and, despite being quintuplets, they are all regular size. 'You rarely see a ewe giving birth to quadruplets, so to have it happen second year running is a complete surprise.' Last year, Andrew and Robert, 46 allowed all five lambs to stay with their mother, a cross Lleyn breed, for two days before the brothers gave two of them to other ewes, to give the lambs a better chance of growing up stronger. Simple: The birth was surprisingly straightforward, according to the farmer. Pictured with the five lambs are (left to right) James, Ally and John Mackintosh . Huddled together in the arms of a farmer, the five brothers and sisters ar pictured before two of them were given to another ewe to improve their chance of growing up stronger . 'They were kept together for a couple of days but it wouldn't be fair on the ewe or the five lambs to be all kept together,' said Andrew. 'It would put too much pressure on the ewe and the lambs would not get the milk they required. 'To relieve stress on the mother, two of the five lambs were given to other ewes and it has worked great for all of them.' The brothers, who began their lambing season on April 13, have so far seen 680 ewes give birth, with just another 40 to go. As well as attending to expectant ewes, Andrew and Robert are also in the process of calving. After spending several days inside the barn, all five lambs have now been put out to graze. Bounding along in the green fields of the Highlands behind their proud mother, the lambs have all now been put out to pasture.
highlights: Ewe at farm in Highlands had five healthy, normal sized lambs - a rarity . Last year another lamb at same farm also gave birth to quintuplets . Surprisingly the birth was simple and mother and offspring are thriving .
id: d0e7c235de4576a4e8b00d8af97fc47f2f476e7c
chatgpt: In a rare occurrence, a ewe at a farm in the Scottish Highlands gave birth to five healthy and normal-sized lambs. It's a phenomenon that is certainly not common, but it's not the first time it has occurred at this particular farm. Last year, another lamb at the same farm gave birth to five lambs, and it's fair to say that everyone was a bit surprised by the event. This year, the birth was thankfully without incident, and all five lambs are doing well. The event has certainly attracted some attention in the local community, with many people eager to learn more about what has occurred. According to the owners of the farm, they were delighted and surprised by the birth of the quintuplets. While multiple births do occur among ewes, it's quite rare to see five healthy lambs born at once.  In an interview with the owners, they expressed their excitement about the birth, as well as their gratitude that everything went smoothly. They stated that the mother and her five offspring seem to be doing very well, and they were relieved that there were no complications during the birth. This event has led to a bit of a buzz in the farming community, with many wondering what factors might have contributed to such a rare occurrence. While multiple births can be influenced by genetics, nutrition, and other factors, it's often difficult to predict when and how they will occur.  However, it appears that the farming community has been fortunate enough to witness such occurrences in recent years. The fact that both births were successful and the animals are thriving is certainly a cause for celebration. As the news of this event spreads, many people are already expressing their interest in visiting the farm to see the lambs for themselves. Word has it that the owners are open to visitors, provided that they are respectful of the animals and their environment. While this might not be the biggest news story of the year, it's certainly a heartwarming one. The fact that the mother and all five of her offspring are healthy and doing well is something to be celebrated, and it's always a pleasure to see nature at work in such a positive way. In the end, the event serves as a reminder of the importance of preserving our natural world and taking care of our animal inhabitants. It's a message that is especially relevant in today's world, and we can only hope that more people will take notice and do their part to protect our planet and its creatures.