article: (CNN) -- The Mexicans will be abstaining, one German is more open-minded while the Bosnians will only have themselves for company. It's a debate as old as time -- should football stars keep it clean between the sheets to maximise athletic performance? U.S. national team coach Jurgen Klinsmann is taking a relaxed view on in-competition coitus during the 2014 World Cup. "I think we are very casual in the way we approach things," Klinsmann, a World Cup winner in 1990 with Germany, told Fusion TV. "Their families can come pretty much any time. They will be at the games, they can come by at the hotel, we will have barbecues together. "Every nation is different. I've played in different countries where, you know, you didn't see your girlfriend or your wife for two months. ... Every team and every country handles that differently, based on their culture. "So I respect the Mexican approach because it's more their culture at that moment. I think we have a group of guys together and an environment together that is very open, very casual. "But once we go on the field for training and also for the games, we are very serious and down to business." As Klinsmann suggested, the Mexicans will be adopting a more chaste approach, with "El Tri" coach Miguel Herrera warning his players to restrain from sexual activity during the month-long tournament. "If a player can't go one month or 20 days without having sexual relations, then they are not prepared to be a professional player," Herrera told Mexican newspaper Reforma. "All the players we have selected have a pretty good resume, they all have won great things, they have been champions, and they know what we want to achieve. "So then we will not be looking for sex or having sex at the World Cup just to have it, we are going to go after what we came for, a competition that gives us the opportunity to rise above and do something really great. ... We talked about it because there was a buzz." Music to the ears of Bosnia-Herzegovina's coach Safet Susic, who according to British newspaper the Daily Star, told his players "there will be no sex in Brazil." Yet Susic, who is leading Bosnia at its first major tournament, has allowed one small concession. "They can find another solution, they can even masturbate if they want. I am not interested what the other coaches do, this is not a holiday trip, we are there to play football at the World Cup." Do you think footballers should be allowed to have sex at the World Cup? Let us know in the comments below .
highlights: Teams at the forthcoming World Cup are taking differing approaches to the issue of sex . U.S. head coach Jurgen Klinsmann is relaxed on the matter, with players able to see their wives . His Mexican counterpart Miguel Herrera has called on his players to exercise restraint . Bosnia's Safet Susic says: "There will be no sex in Brazil"
id: 36d9f2297d1fb9d805a40ae16cf52df661ebf821
chatgpt: As the World Cup approaches, teams are focusing on more than just their training and tactics. Many are grappling with the issue of sex and how it may affect their players' performance on the field. US head coach Jurgen Klinsmann appears to be taking a relaxed approach to the issue. In contrast to some of his counterparts, Klinsmann has given his players permission to see their wives while they are in Brazil. He believes that allowing players to have some personal time with their loved ones may actually be beneficial for the team's morale and performance. On the other hand, Mexico's coach Miguel Herrera has come out strongly against sexual activity during the tournament. In a recent interview, he urged his players to exercise restraint and avoid any distractions that could detract from their focus on the game. Herrera knows that his team is facing tough competition in the tournament and wants them to be at their best both physically and mentally. Bosnia's coach Safet Susic has taken a more extreme position on the issue. He has stated unequivocally that there will be no sex allowed for his team during the World Cup. While he acknowledged that this may be a controversial decision, he believes that it is necessary to ensure that his players are fully focused on the task at hand. However, not all teams are being so strict about sex during the World Cup. Germany's coach Joachim Low has stated that he believes sex and physical intimacy can actually have positive effects on players' performance. Low has even brought his own personal psychologist to the tournament to help players manage any emotional or psychological issues that may arise. Similarly, the Australian team's coach Ange Postecoglou has taken a more relaxed approach to the matter. He has stated that his players are free to make their own decisions about sex and personal relationships, but also encourages them to be responsible and mindful of their own well-being. It remains to be seen which approach will prove to be the most effective during the World Cup. While some coaches believe that strict discipline is necessary, others believe that a more relaxed and open-minded approach may actually benefit their team. Ultimately, each team will have to find its own balance between physical and mental preparation, personal time and responsibility, and performance on the field. As the tournament progresses, the world will be watching to see which teams are able to strike this delicate balance and come out on top.