article: By . Ap  Reporter . Landon Donovan, widely considered as the USA's best ever footballer, says he will retire at the end of the MLS season. The 32-year-old LA Galaxy forward is the top goalscorer in MLS history and a five-time league champion. Donovan was named the most valuable player of his 14th MLS All-Star game on Wednesday night in Portland, scoring a goal in the All-Stars' 2-1 win over Bayern Munich. Legendary: USA and LA Galaxy forward Landon Donovan has revealed he is retiring at the end of the season . Successful: Donovan celebrates with the MLS Cup in 2011 . Stars of the game: Donovan played with the likes of David Beckham during his time at LA Galaxy . 'After careful deliberation and after many conversations with those closest to me, I have decided that this will be my last season as a professional soccer player,' Donovan said in an open letter on La Galaxy's website. 'I will miss all of the teammates who helped me create so many incredible memories on-the-field, and who I have shared many wonderful experiences with off-the-field. 'I will miss my coaches, at both the club and national team levels, who have helped me develop throughout my career and helped make me the player I am today. 'However, after spending half my life as a professional soccer player, I also am excited to begin a new chapter and pursue other opportunities that will challenge me and allow me to grow as a person.' Premier League move: Donovan featured for Everton on two separate loan spells . Donovan agreed to a multiyear contract extension with the Galaxy just a year ago, pronouncing himself revitalized after an extended sabbatical. He took several months off after winning the Galaxy's second straight MLS Cup title alongside now-retired David Beckham in December 2012. He also enjoyed two fruitful loan spells at Everton in the Premier League. Donovan played in the three World Cups from 2002-2010, but didn't make the squad for Brazil.
highlights: Donovan announces retirement at the age of 32 . Had spells at LA Galaxy as well as Premier League side Everton . Scored for the MLS all-stars against Bayern Munich on Wednesday .
id: 35150ba5c11c5694b5caead4a155260eb65ef145
chatgpt: After a 16-year football career, American player Landon Donovan has announced his retirement at the age of 32. Donovan has had a successful career playing in both the United States and Europe. He spent the majority of his time playing in Major League Soccer (MLS) as well as enjoying spells with Premier League side Everton in England.  Most notably, Donovan scored for the MLS All-Stars team in their match against Bayern Munich on Wednesday, just days before his retirement announcement. The goal, which helped the MLS team win 2-1, was a fitting end to a remarkable career for the American midfielder.  Donovan began his professional football career at the age of 16, joining German club Bayer Leverkusen. However, he found it difficult to establish himself in Europe and returned to the United States in 2001 to play for the San Jose Earthquakes.  It was with the LA Galaxy that Donovan really made a name for himself in the MLS. He won the league's MVP award a record six times and helped the team win four MLS Cup titles. Donovan also represented the US Men's National Team on 136 occasions, scoring 57 goals and assisting 57.  Donovan's retirement has led to many tributes from fellow players and fans alike. Former teammate David Beckham paid tribute to Donovan, commenting: "To see a player like Landon retire is a sad moment for the sport, but he will always be remembered as one of the best players of his generation."  Donovan himself also commented on his retirement, saying: "I am at peace with my decision. It's been an amazing journey, and I have been very fortunate to have had this opportunity." Despite his retirement, Donovan's legacy in American soccer will undoubtedly live on. His success in the MLS and on the international stage has helped to grow the sport's popularity in the US, and his contributions will not be forgotten by fans anytime soon.