article: Ed Balls admitted yesterday that the falling oil price will make people feel better off. The Shadow Chancellor said the plunging price of oil ‘will help’ households. His words were an apparent admission that the party’s cost of living campaign was being undermined by falling inflation. A report published yesterday showed the public will see a ‘substantial boost to their spending power’ this year as wages surge ahead of prices. The Shadow Chancellor said the plunging price of oil will help households . Mr Balls made his comments at the launch of a major report by the Commission on Inclusive Prosperity into declining middle class incomes in wealthy countries. Mr Balls criticised the government for ‘waiting for things to improve…because the evidence is that’s not going to happen.’ He added: ‘It is true at the moment we have a fall in the oil price which will help.’ ‘But the fall in the oil price is no more a solution to these long term problems than the rise in the oil price in the 1970s was the main cause of economic challenge in Britain. There were considerably deeper economic challenges we faced at the time.’ Mr Balls said: ‘In our country in a couple of months time we will have a general election where the median person in work will be absolutely worse off than they were in 2010. ‘That has not happened in any Parliament in our country since the 1920s. Tory Treasury Minister David Gauke said: ‘Our Long Term Economic Plan is working with real incomes forecast to rise for families this year. But the job is not yet done and we must carrying on working through our plan to secure a better economic future. ‘Even though their economic argument is collapsing, Labour would abandon our plan. Their economic policy consists of more spending, more borrowing and more debt which would lead to economic chaos.’ He criticised the Government claiming they were 'waiting for things to improve' financially . On Sunday, Labour’s deputy leader, Harriet Harman, raised the ‘cost of living’ eight times in a television interview as she argued ordinary people are not feeling better off. But her claims appeared to be undermined by forecasts of a buoyant economy, growing wages and falling prices. Figures from the Office for National Statistics are expected to show this week that average earnings excluding bonuses are nearly two per cent higher than a year ago.
highlights: Report claimed public will see a 'substantial boost in spending power' Shadow Chancellor said a fall in the price of will help families see change . But Mr Balls criticised the government for 'waiting for things to improve'
id: bd369e6052aa4d590b019ee2728718702a1f47f3
chatgpt: The public is set to see a substantial boost in spending power, according to a new report. The report claims that the fall in prices of commodities such as oil will help families overcome financial difficulties. However, Shadow Chancellor Ed Balls has criticized the government's approach to the issue, stating that they are simply "waiting for things to improve." The report, which was carried out by a group of economists, suggests that the fall in the price of oil will lead to a boost in disposable income for families across the country. This boost is expected to have a positive impact on consumer confidence which, in turn, will help to stimulate the economy. Despite the positive news, Mr. Balls remained sceptical about the government's role in facilitating the boost. In a statement, he said, "While it is encouraging to see that the public will see a boost in spending power, it is disappointing that the government is simply waiting for things to improve rather than actively seeking ways to make the most of the current market conditions." He continued to highlight the fact that wages had remained stagnant in recent years whilst major corporations had enjoyed significant tax cuts. According to him, the government should be doing more to support working families and ensure that they see the benefits of the current economic climate. As the UK prepares for the forthcoming general election, the issue of the economy is likely to feature heavily in the campaigns of all the major parties. Ed Balls has made it clear that a Labour government would take a different approach to the current government. He has pledged to introduce higher taxes for the wealthiest in society and invest in public services such as the National Health Service. Meanwhile, the Conservative Party has emphasized their commitment to lowering taxes and reducing the deficit. Chancellor George Osborne has also been quick to highlight the positive developments in the economy, pointing to the falling levels of unemployment and the growth in the number of new businesses opening every day. As the debate rages on, it remains to be seen how much of an impact the fall in oil prices will have on the UK economy. Whilst the report suggests that families will experience a welcome boost in spending power, there are concerns that the current state of the global economy may have a negative impact on the UK's long-term economic prospects. For now, however, many families across the country will be hoping that the report's predictions prove to be accurate, and that they will be able to experience a welcome change in their financial fortunes. Whether the government will be able to capitalize on the current market conditions and ensure that families truly benefit from them, remains to be seen.