article: By . Nick Enoch . PUBLISHED: . 11:53 EST, 31 July 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 12:05 EST, 31 July 2012 . A ten-year-old French boy has died and three other children were injured after getting badly burned while playing with fireworks. One of the wounded youths, aged nine, was in critical condition and two others - the dead boy's twin and an 11-year-old friend - had burns on up to 20 per cent of their bodies, police said. The boys were discovered in a vacant lot in the northern city of Tourcoing, near the Belgian border, with a canister of flammable material, firecrackers and fireworks. A ten-year-old French boy has died and three other boys were injured after they were badly burned while playing with fireworks . The boys were discovered in a vacant lot in the northern city of Tourcoing, near the Belgian border, with a canister of flammable material, firecrackers and fireworks . Officials in France said there was no doubt they had been burned by accident - in a residential area to the north of the town - and there was no suspicion of criminal activity. One of the theories is that the children were trying to build something, possibly a rocket. Neighbours in nearby Jacques Cartier Street were alerted by shouting at around 9pm yesterday and immediately called for assistance. The boy who died - named Thomas - was taken to a hospital in Belgium with serious burns, along with the others. He died this morning at 11.15. The boy who died - named Thomas - was taken to a hospital in Belgium with serious burns, along with the others. Above, scorched marks on the ground at the scene of the tragedy . One theory is that the boys were trying to build a rocket out of the fireworks (file photo) A witness said: 'It was about 8.30pm when we were alerted to the cries of the children. 'We are used to hearing them play and scream every night but this sounded different. 'At the scene, I saw two boys who had been burned, running around, crying. 'And then I saw the body of Thomas, the son of my close neighbors. He was lying on the ground, burned from head to toe. His mother was leaning over him in tears.' The four boys had been transported by helicopter to hospitals in Brussels and Ghent. A 20-year-old who tried to help the children also suffered from burns. Police have now launched an investigation into the tragedy.
highlights: 'Thomas [who later died] was burned from head to toe with his mother leaning over him, crying,' said one witness . His twin brother was among those badly burned . The injured were aged nine to 11 .
id: fd33350122488d6a2ce5d8df2f738621e4a0aa90
chatgpt: A tragic incident unfolded on Monday morning in Springfield, Massachusetts, as a fire broke out in a residential building, severely injuring several children. According to witnesses, Thomas and his twin brother were caught in flames, leaving them with burn injuries of grave nature. Thomas was later pronounced dead due to the extent of his injuries. As per the eyewitness accounts, the incident unfolded around 8 am on Monday, when thick fumes were seen emanating from the building. A strong smell of burning rubber filled the air, which prompted some of the office-goers passing by to stop and check the situation. To their utter shock, they saw a young boy, Thomas, in the middle of the burning inferno with his mother crying, watching over him. A nearby resident quickly dialed 911, and many others rushed to the scene, trying to break the windows and get the children out of the burning building. The emergency services took over and rushed the injured to nearby hospitals. Medical reports have confirmed that Thomas had burns all over his body, and he was declared dead later in the day. His twin brother is still fighting for his life in the ICU, along with several other children aged between nine to eleven years. The incident has sent shockwaves across the community, and the local authorities have launched an investigation into the matter. The cause of the fire is still unknown, and officials have not ruled out arson as a possibility. The local police and fire department officials have been working together to piece together the sequence of events that led to this tragedy. The building has been cordoned off for inspection, and officials are urging the residents to stay vigilant and report any suspicious activity. Several individuals and groups have come forward to offer support to the affected families, and a fundraising campaign has also been set up to help with the medical expenses of the injured children. Meanwhile, the community has been mourning the loss of Thomas, who was described as a happy child with a bright future. The Superintendent of the Springfield Public Schools issued a statement expressing his condolences and offering support to the affected families. "This is truly a tragic event, and our hearts go out to the families affected by this terrible incident. We are working closely with the authorities to provide any help and support that we can. Our priority right now is to ensure that the injured children receive the best possible medical care and that their families get the support they need during these difficult times." As the investigation continues, the community is bracing themselves for more distressing news. The residents are urging everyone to stay safe and be vigilant, especially during these challenging times.