article: By . Louise Boyle . PUBLISHED: . 17:21 EST, 7 March 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 17:36 EST, 7 March 2014 . A teenage father was fatally injected with heroin by a female friend before video and pictures of his lifeless body handcuffed to a bed were posted on Facebook, his mother has claimed. Dylan Owens, 19, died of an overdose last October at his family's home in Goshen, Ohio while taking drugs with three friends. Maddison Rogers, 22, of Maineville, was indicted on charges of involuntary manslaughter and corrupting another with drugs this week after it is alleged that she injected heroin into the former high school football player's arm. She is being held on $250,000 bond. Scroll down for video . Dylan Owens, 19, (pictured with his son) died of an overdose in October at his home in Goshen, Ohio. A female friend has been charged with manslaughter over his death . Maddison Rogers, 22, was indicted for involuntary manslaughter after the high school football player's death . The mother of Dylan Owens (pictured right) claims that his friends posted pictures on Facebook of his dead body . However the boy's mother Tina told WLWT today that she believes there were two others who should be brought to justice following her son's death. Mrs Owen said that her son's friends waited hours to call for help - but before they did, handcuffed Dylan's dead body to a bed frame and posted pictures of him on Facebook which began to circulate. The mother claims that even Dylan's brother saw the despicable photographs. She said: 'The one boy videotaped my son and took . pictures of Dylan and posted it on Facebook. These pictures got out to . certain individuals that were Dylan's friends. It got out to his . brother. 'There were three people there, there were . three people involved and they should all pay for what they did to . Dylan.' The Clermont County prosecutor said unless there was new evidence, the other two people who were at the home on the night Dylan died would not be charged. MailOnline was awaiting a call from the Clermont County Public Defender's Office. Dylan Owens, who was weeks from signing up for the U.S. Army, leaves a two-year-old son Bentley. Dylan's mom said this week that she believes two others should be charged over her son's death after they allegedly took pictures of him and posted them on Facebook . Dylan Owens, 19, died at his mother's home in Goshen last October of a heroin overdose .
highlights: Dylan Owens, 19, died of an overdose last October at his family's home in Goshen, Ohio . Maddison Rogers, 22, of Maineville, was . indicted on charges of involuntary manslaughter and corrupting another . with drugs this week . Dylan's mom Tina claims that two other should be charged after they posted photos of her son's dead body handcuffed to a bed on Facebook . Dylan, 19, has a 2-year-old son and was weeks away from joining the Army .
id: 4d825e68a99f1a1ab8757e161554c409bc17830c
chatgpt: A woman from Maineville, Ohio has been indicted on charges of involuntary manslaughter and corrupting another with drugs following the death of Dylan Owens. The 19-year-old died of an overdose last October at his family’s home in Goshen. Maddison Rogers, 22, is accused of providing the drugs that led to Owens’ death. Owens’ mother, Tina, has claimed that there are two others who should also face charges after they allegedly posted photos of her son’s dead body, handcuffed to a bed, on Facebook. Dylan Owens had a 2-year-old son and was just weeks away from joining the Army when he died. His death was the result of an overdose, according to the medical examiner. The indictment against Maddison Rogers alleges that she “recklessly” provided Owens with fentanyl, which ultimately led to his death. Rogers has pleaded not guilty to the charges against her. Tina Owens spoke to local media about the impact her son’s death has had on her family, and the pain caused by the photos allegedly posted on Facebook. “It was devastating,” she said. “To have somebody that wanna’s put their opinion out there or think it's funny to post a picture of my dead child with no respect for him or his family, it's just wrong.” Owens believes that the two individuals who allegedly posted the photos on Facebook should also face charges. “It’s not okay for people to do things like that,” she said. “My son’s not a joke. He wasn't a joke in life, and he sure should not be a joke in death.” The case shines a light on the growing problem of accidental overdose deaths in the United States. According to the National Institute on Drug Abuse, opioids were involved in over 47,000 overdose deaths in 2017. Fentanyl is a particularly dangerous drug, as it is much stronger than other opioids and can easily lead to an overdose. Involuntary manslaughter charges can carry serious consequences, including a potential prison sentence. Maddison Rogers will have her day in court to defend against the charges against her. The fate of the two individuals allegedly responsible for posting insensitive photos of Owens’ dead body remains to be seen. For Tina Owens and her family, the pain of losing Dylan will never go away. However, she is determined to see justice served for her son. “I'm hoping for all three to be charged,” she said. “I'm not gonna give up. I'm not gonna stop.”