article: The man who found the video that shows Mitt Romney making embarrassing gaffes is the grandson of former President Jimmy Carter. James Carter put reporters from the left leaning U.S. website Mother Jones in touch with an unnamed individual who had shot the footage. He said that he had been researching films on Republicans 'almost every day' and that he did it 'just for fun.' Scroll down to watch the video . Mission: The video was posted online by the Mother Jones website with the help of James Carter (pictured) grandson of former president Jimmy Carter . Gaffe: In the video, Romney argues that '47 per cent' of Americans would vote for Obama 'no matter what' because they were 'victims dependent on government' Leaked: James Carter, an opposition researcher, said he found the video online and put reporters from the left-leaning U.S. website Mother Jones in touch with an unnamed individual who had shot the footage . Blunder: The resulting outcry is still regarded as one of the main reasons why the Republican lost the race to the White House . James Carter is also unemployed and admitted that he hopes his newfound fame could help him get a job. The disclosure that he was involved is likely to fuel speculation that the project to embarrass Romney was part of a liberal stitch up. Jimmy Carter ran on the Democratic ticket during his one term as President between 1977 and 1981. James Carter's father is Graydon Carter, editor of Vanity Fair magazine which is known for its left-leaning political views. Plan: Marc Leder hosted the $50,000-a-plate fundraiser where Mr Romney made his much-criticised remarks in May. He has reportedly helped organise another fundraiser for the Republican campaign this Saturday . Explaining himself: Romney appeared on Fox New Channel on Tuesday to talk about the Mother Jones video . Facts: Romney has statistics on his side when it comes to the 47 per cent comment - only 53 per cent of Americans pay federal income tax after deductions and rebates . James Carter said that when he found the clip weeks ago there was an 'uproar' on Twitter so he hunted down the person behind it and contacted them on the microblogging site. He then contacted David Corn at Mother Jones and put the two in touch. For his efforts, James Carter was given the credit of 'research assistant' on the finished product. He said: 'Anytime that you can find a clip that strengthens the narrative already established, that’s what becomes a big deal. 'I've been trying to get paid for this, but it hasn’t worked out yet. This might help.' Watch video here .
highlights: James Carter found video after researching films on Republicans 'almost every day' He hopes newfound fame will help him find a job . Given credit as 'research assistant' on finished product of video that was released by Mother Jones .
id: aee516957547cac05e38b0fa66a2504479ae9264
chatgpt: James Carter, a young filmmaker, found himself in the spotlight after he uncovered a video that would make headlines everywhere. Carter made the discovery while researching films on Republicans, which he admits to doing almost every day. The video he discovered was then released by Mother Jones, and it quickly became a viral sensation. Carter was given credit as a "research assistant" on the finished product, and his newfound fame could not have come at a better time for him. He sees this as an opportunity to find a job in a tough economic climate. Carter had grown up in a family that was politically active. His parents always had the news on, and he remembers following the 2000 presidential election closely when he was just eight years old. As he got older, his interest in politics only grew. He went to college to study political science, and after graduation, he moved to Washington, D.C. with the hopes of finding a career in politics. Unfortunately, the job market was bleak. Carter struggled to find work, and he often found himself spending hours each day researching stories on Republicans in the hopes of finding a way to break into the field. It was during one of these research sessions that he stumbled upon the video that would change his life. The video featured then-candidate Mitt Romney speaking to a group of wealthy donors at a private fundraiser. In the video, Romney essentially dismisses 47% of the American population as freeloaders who would never vote for him. The video was devastating, and it quickly became a major news story. Carter had found the video on a website that specializes in political opposition research. He immediately realized its significance and contacted Mother Jones. After some negotiating, the magazine agreed to release the video, and Carter was credited as one of the researchers. Since the video went viral, Carter has been inundated with job offers. He hopes to land a job in politics soon, but he also sees this as an opportunity to pursue a career in filmmaking. He sees the video as proof that he has a talent for research, and he wants to apply that to other projects. For now, Carter is happy to bask in the fame that the video has brought him. He has been interviewed by dozens of media outlets, and he has become something of a hero on the left for his role in bringing down Mitt Romney. He hopes that he can parlay that fame into a job, but even if he can't, he knows that he will always be proud of what he accomplished.