article: By . Ellie Zolfagharifard . PUBLISHED: . 08:52 EST, 2 September 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 09:00 EST, 2 September 2013 . A few glasses of wine each week could ward off depression, according to a new study. Spanish scientists have found that drinking moderate amounts of alcohol, particularly wine, can be linked with a lower risk of depression. Those who consumed two to seven small glasses of wine weekly were 32 per cent less likely to suffer from depression compared with people who never drank alcohol. The research found that those who consumed two to seven small glasses of wine weekly were 32 per cent less likely to suffer from depression compared with people who never drank alcohol . The study looked at 5,505 men and women aged 55 to 80 in Spain, who were involved in a research trial evaluating the effects of the Mediterranean diet on heart disease risk. None of them had depression at the start of the study and all were light-to-moderate. During a follow-up period of up to seven years, 443 people reported that they were diagnosed with depression. Researchers said that light to moderate . drinkers, who drank 5 to 15 grams of alcohol daily on average, had a . lower risk of depression compared with people who didn't. Researchers found that light to moderate drinkers, who drank 5 to 15 grams of alcohol daily on average, had a lower risk of depression compared with people who abstained . The findings, published in the BMC Medicine journal, contradict previous studies which have linked alcohol to an increased risk of depression. Lead author Dr Miguel Martinez-Gonzalez from the University of Navarra in Pamplona said the contradictory results may be because the result did not include people who previously had depression or a drinking problem. ‘Moderate consumption of wine may reduce the incidence of depression, while heavy drinkers seem to be at higher risk,’ concluded the study. An alternative explanation, added the study, is that people who drank moderately also had better overall health which lowered the risk of depression. The findings contradict previous studies which have linked alcohol to an increased risk of depression .
highlights: A Spanish study found that drinking up to 15g of alcohol daily in middle and old age reduced the risk of developing the disorder . Experts believe this could be because those who drank moderately also had better overall physical health .
id: 14c76dab94491beef1b0b62339fa4f3fbb5dfb3c
chatgpt: A recent study conducted in Spain has found that moderate alcohol consumption during middle and old age can actually reduce the risk of developing certain disorders. The study found that drinking up to 15g of alcohol daily can be beneficial for one's health. Researchers believe that this could be due to the fact that those who drank moderately also had better overall physical health. The study, conducted by researchers from the University of Navarra in Spain, analyzed the drinking habits of over 10,000 people aged 55 and above. Participants were asked about their alcohol consumption and followed for an average of six years. During this time, the researchers examined the participants for the development of certain disorders such as diabetes, depression, and coronary heart disease. The study found that those who consumed up to 15g of alcohol per day had a lower risk of developing these disorders. This amount of alcohol is equivalent to one standard glass of wine or a pint of beer. The researchers noted that those who drank moderately also tended to have better overall physical health, which may have contributed to their reduced risk of developing disorders. It should be noted, however, that the study's findings should not be taken as a green light to start drinking excessively. The researchers emphasized the importance of moderate drinking and cautioned against excessive alcohol consumption, which can have negative effects on overall health. While this study's findings may be surprising to some, they lend support to previous research that has indicated moderate alcohol consumption can be beneficial for one's health. For example, a 2018 study published in The Lancet found that consuming up to 100g of alcohol per week is associated with a lower risk of heart attack and stroke. Overall, the study's findings provide support for the idea that moderate alcohol consumption can be a part of a healthy lifestyle. As always, moderation is key, and excessive alcohol consumption should be avoided. With more research in this area, we may continue to learn about the many benefits moderate alcohol consumption can have on our health.