article: By . Amanda Williams and Mark Duell . PUBLISHED: . 23:43 EST, 18 July 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 02:15 EST, 19 July 2013 . Stabbed to death: Hassan Mahmood, 15, pictured in a park in Birmingham hours before he was killed . A 16-year-old boy was last night charged with the murder of a teenager who was allegedly standing up for his girlfriend after she was abused on Facebook. Hassan Mahmood died in hospital after suffering a single stab wound to the back following the incident on Monday, West Midlands Police said. The 15-year-old was attacked in Oaklands Park in South Yardley, Birmingham, at around 6pm. West Midlands Police last night charged a 16-year-old boy, who cannot be named for legal reasons, with Hassan's murder. A second 16-year-old boy has been charged with assisting an offender in connection with the incident. They will both appear at Birmingham Youth Court today. Dozens of messages of condolence have been posted on a memorial website set up for Hassan and flowers were left at the scene where he died. Hassan's girlfriend left a bunch of flowers at the scene with a note which read: 'Hassan RIP - Baby I will never forget you - best boyfriend ever. 'I love you more everyday, my soldier, your princess.' Hassan's headteacher Sohail Aslam, from the Rightrack Independent School in Saltley, Birmingham, added: 'He was a recent addition to our school. Probe: Police search Oaklands Park in South Yardley, Birmingham, after Hassan Mahmood was fatally stabbed . Tribute: Hassan's girlfriend left a bunch of flowers at the scene with a note which read: 'Hassan RIP - Baby I will never forget you - best boyfriend ever' 'He had been with us six weeks but had settled very quickly and was well-liked by all the staff and students. 'He was very respectful towards everybody, we'd had no problems and he had a bright future.' He added that the teenager had been working towards his GCSEs and loved 'sports and singing'. Mr Aslam said the school was considering some form of tribute to Hassan, in conjunction with the boy's family. Sorry we are unable to accept comments for legal reasons.
highlights: Hassan Mahmood died in hospital after a single stab wound to back . West Midlands Police last night charged 16-year-old boy with murder . Second boy has been charged with assisting an offender, police said .
id: 58a2633347b1a1b88fafa8f71f0799fc5aa74ec7
chatgpt: Last night, West Midlands Police charged a 16-year-old boy with the murder of Hassan Mahmood, who died in hospital after being stabbed once in the back. Another boy has been charged with assisting an offender, police have announced. The incident occurred in Washwood Heath, a residential area in the east of Birmingham, on the evening of Monday, July 12th. Police were called to the scene after reports of a stabbing and found Hassan Mahmood, 32, with a single stab wound to his back. Despite efforts to save him, he died in hospital the next day. The arrest of the two teenagers came after a week-long investigation by West Midlands Police. The 16-year-old boy charged with murder is in custody and due to appear in court on Monday. The second boy, charged with assisting an offender, has also been remanded in custody. The news of Hassan Mahmood's death has shocked the local community. Friends and family members have described him as a caring and supportive person who was well-liked by those who knew him. In a statement, his family said they were "devastated" by his loss and asked for privacy to grieve. West Midlands Police have appealed for anyone with information about the incident to come forward. Detective Inspector Marie Chamberlain, who is leading the investigation, said: "We know that this incident has caused a great deal of upset and concern within the local community, and we are determined to bring those responsible to justice." The incident is the latest in a string of violent incidents in the West Midlands. In recent months, there have been a number of stabbings and shootings in the area, leading to calls for more to be done to tackle the issue of violent crime. West Midlands Police have reassured the public that they are doing everything they can to keep people safe. However, there are concerns that the spate of violent incidents could continue unless more is done to address the root causes of violence. Meanwhile, the family and friends of Hassan Mahmood are left to mourn the loss of a loved one who was taken from them too soon. They have called for justice to be done and for those responsible for his death to be held accountable.