article: West Alton, Missouri (CNN) -- Residents of communities north of St. Louis fled the onrush of river waters this week, after two levees breached, but Wednesday brings relief, as rivers continue to retreat, weather forecasters say. Although some thunderstorms are approaching from the west, they should not drop enough rain to refill the receding currents of the the Mississippi or Missouri Rivers at St. Louis, according to CNN's weather unit. Downstream on the Mississippi, at Cape Girardeau, water arriving from St. Louis is expected to push the river's level to 45 feet, according to the National Weather Service. At currently just over 43 feet, it stands 11 feet above flood stage there. Levee breaches . A 100- to 150-foot section of levee gave way outside West Alton, Missouri, Tuesday near the point where the Missouri River joins the Mississippi, St. Charles County's emergency management office reported. Residents of an estimated 43 homes in the area were told to evacuate. The levee failed around noon (1 p.m. ET). By evening, authorities were scrambling to bolster about a three-quarter-mile section of levee near Portage des Sioux, about nine miles upstream from West Alton. The area is home to a nearly 1,000-megawatt coal-burning power plant, and officials were hauling truckloads of stone and heavy earth-moving equipment to the site in an attempt to prevent the levee from failing. On Monday emergency teams rushed to get hundreds of people to safety, after a levee breach on the Missouri River near West Alton. Many residents didn't need to be told twice to get out. "I want to be safe rather than sorry," Heather Wendle said. "I don't want to take the chances." From trickle to torrent . After weeks of heavy rain in the upper Midwest, the Mississippi is still running above flood stage at St. Louis, in spite of dropping water levels, the Corps of Engineers reported. The flood waters stand in contrast to the near river drought a few months ago. The Mississippi had been running so low that the Corps feared it would have to close the waterway to barge traffic. In December, the Corps of Engineers had hundreds of tons of rock dug out of the river at Thebes, Illinois, about 125 miles downriver from St. Louis, to make sure barges could pass. But Monday, the Coast Guard shut down a section of the river at St. Louis -- because the water was too high for safe navigation. CNN's Holly Yan, Jennifer Feldman, Cristy Lenz and Carma Hassan contributed to this report.
highlights: NEW: Rain in the forecast is unlikely to push river levels up significantly . NEW: Rivers are receding around St. Louis . NEW: Water headed downstream should raise river levels south of St. Louis . Hundreds of residents were evacuated after river levees failed .
id: 0e3e309e428810b17e85cc7c9515f7e45f1f140d
chatgpt: Although rain is predicted in the near future, it is not expected to significantly increase river levels in the St. Louis area. Reports indicate that water levels are already receding, which suggests an easing of the flood threat. However, downstream communities are still being advised to prepare for a possible increase in water levels. Meanwhile, hundreds of people have been forced to evacuate their homes and businesses following the recent levee failures. Emergency services and volunteers have been working around the clock to provide assistance and support to those impacted by the floods. The Mississippi River is currently at or near flood stage in many areas, threatening homes and infrastructure along its banks. Several towns and cities have experienced record rainfall in recent weeks, which has caused rivers to swell and breached levees. Despite these challenges, residents and officials in the affected areas remain confident in their ability to weather the storms. Local businesses and community members have rallied together to help those who have been impacted by the flooding. People are opening their doors to those who have been displaced by the floods, offering food, shelter, and support. "We're all in this together," said one local resident. "Everyone is pitching in and doing what they can to help out. We're a resilient community, and we'll get through this together." As water moves downstream towards more densely populated areas in the south, residents of those communities are being urged to take the necessary precautions and prepare for possible flooding. Officials are advising people to stay informed about the latest weather forecasts and evacuation orders, and to take any necessary steps to protect their property and loved ones. Despite the challenges, there are reasons to be optimistic. Reports indicate that the water levels downstream are expected to rise as it heads towards the Gulf of Mexico. This will bring relief to some areas that have been impacted by drought conditions in recent years. In the meantime, emergency services and volunteers are working non-stop to provide assistance to those in need. The strength and resilience of these communities is inspiring, and despite the challenges they face, they remain determined and focused on the task at hand. As river levels continue to rise, they will need all the help and support they can get.