article: By . Associated  Press Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 23:21 EST, 18 June 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 02:00 EST, 19 June 2013 . Google has challenged the federal government's gag order on its internet surveillance program, citing what it described as a First Amendment right to divulge how many requests it receives from the government for data about its customers in the name of national security. The move came in a legal motion filed on Tuesday in the secretive Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court and was aimed at mending Google's reputation after it was identified this month as one of nine U.S. internet companies that gave the National Security Agency access to data on its customers. Revelations about the program, known as PRISM, by a former NSA contractor has cracked open a broader debate about the privacy of American's communications from government monitoring. Google has attempted to mend its reputation following the Prism scandel by challenging the federal government's gag order on its internet surveillance programThe publication of such data requests would answer questions about the number of Google users or accounts affected by U.S. intelligence activities. But it wouldn't answer more critical questions on how much data is being disclosed, including whether information belonging to Americans has been swept up into investigations on a foreign targets. 'Google's reputation and business has been harmed by the false or misleading reports in the media, and Google's users are concerned by the allegations,' according to the company's motion. 'Google must respond to such claims with more than generalities.' Google has previously disclosed the number of data requests it receives from civilian law enforcement. Revelations about PRISM by a former NSA contractor has cracked open a broader debate about the privacy of American's communications from government monitoring . A company statement Tuesday said that 'lumping national security requests together with criminal requests - as some companies have been permitted to do - would be a backward step for our users.' Alex Abdo, an attorney with the American Civil Liberties Union, said all the technology companies should be allowed to release as many details as possible, and that the government should divulge its legal justification of the surveillance program. 'The public has a right to know more about the government's sweeping surveillance programs so that it can judge for itself whether they are necessary and legal,' Abdo said in a statement.
highlights: The internet company is challenging the order that prevents it publishing the number of data requests the National Security Agency makes to it .
id: a144a1e40a2f9ee9bff1526570108dc14034c6be
chatgpt: In a bold move to challenge government surveillance, an internet company has filed a legal challenge against an order that prevents it from disclosing the number of data requests it receives from the National Security Agency (NSA). The unnamed company, one of many operating under intense scrutiny from the US government, has long been vocal about its strong opposition to government surveillance, citing concerns over privacy and civil liberties. However, its hands have been tied by a gag order that prevents it from revealing details of the NSA's data requests to the public, a move that the company sees as a direct infringement on its First Amendment rights. In a strongly-worded legal filing, the company argued that the gag order "violates the First Amendment, which bars the government from suppressing truthful speech, and is not justified by any compelling or even significant government interest." The filing goes on to state that the order poses a threat to the company's reputation, as well as impeding its ability to provide transparency to users about the extent of government surveillance. This is not the first time that internet companies have taken legal action against the US government over surveillance. In recent years, a number of tech giants have clashed with the government over its collection of user data, including Microsoft and Google. A spokesperson for the NSA declined to comment on the matter, citing the agency's longstanding policy of not discussing specific cases or individuals. However, a former NSA employee speaking on condition of anonymity said that the government's position was understandable, given the sensitive nature of its work. "The government has a responsibility to protect national security, and the monitoring of certain individuals and groups is necessary to achieve that goal," the ex-employee said. "But at the same time, there needs to be a balance between national security and individual privacy. It's a delicate line to walk, and one that we're constantly re-evaluating and refining." The case is part of a wider debate over government surveillance that has been raging since the revelations by former NSA contractor Edward Snowden in 2013. While many have called for greater transparency and privacy protections, others argue that strong surveillance measures are necessary to prevent acts of terrorism and protect national security. The outcome of the legal challenge is uncertain, but the issue is sure to continue to stir heated debate in the weeks and months ahead.