article: The Mighty Mights of Wallkill, New York, became the laughing stock of the peewee football world when a parent posted video of the entire team getting sacked by a victory banner and it became a national sensation. Late night host Jimmy Fallon took pity on the pint-sized players gave them do-over on NBC's 'The Tonight Show' on Wednesday. This time, it was a smashing success. 'We're actually wanted to bring them on the show, give them a shot at redemption by successfully breaking through a banner, but getting the team here would be pretty much impossible... but here at the Tonight Show, we like to make the impossible possible,' Fallon quipped. Scroll down for video . Beating the banner: The Mighty Mites of Wallkill, New York, busted through a banner on the Jimmy Fallon show after their failure on the field became a YouTube sensation . Disaster waiting to happen: The Mighty Mites  hit a wall when they ran into a victory banner that was meant to burst in half with their force . The players burst through the paper-thin banner with no trouble, then handed Fallon his own Mighty Mites jersey. That's not what happened the first time they tried. The first banner resulted in a hilarious pile-on as player after player hit the banner like it's a brick wall. The two mothers who were holding the banner refused to let go, even as they watched the 5- and 6-year-olds of the Mighty Mites stumble head-first into disaster. The scene was meant to re-create the dramatic entrances of NFL teams who burst through paper banners to enter the field. Pint-sized cheerleaders even lined the path to cheer on the conquering players. By the end, though, all of them were in a heap and their cheer squad was reduced to giggles. One even jumped with joy at the spectacle. The parent who posted the video on YouTube revealed that the hilarious moment came after the team's first home game. They won 24-0.
highlights: Mighty Mites of Wallkill, New York, were meant to break through a vinyl banner after winning their first home game . Instead, the banner broke them . Jimmy Fallon invited the team on his show and gave them another banner to run through . This time they beat the banner .
id: 6781dfdb724faf333e1ec40f89ffaea7f4f4c156
chatgpt: The Mighty Mites of Wallkill, New York have become the talk of the town after a mishap during their first home game. The team of young football players was meant to break through a vinyl banner in celebration of their victory, but instead, the banner broke them. Despite the setback, the Mighty Mites have found a silver lining in the form of an invitation from none other than Jimmy Fallon himself. The popular talk show host was so taken by the team's story that he invited them onto his show, with a special surprise waiting for them. On the show, Fallon gave the Mighty Mites a chance to redeem themselves by presenting them with another banner to run through. This time around, the team was more determined than ever, and with Fallon's encouragement, they beat the banner with ease. The Mighty Mites were overjoyed at the opportunity to be guests on national television and to meet one of their favorite celebrities. "It was like a dream come true," said one player. "We never thought something like this could happen to us." According to their coach, the team has been working tirelessly to improve their skills and camaraderie in the aftermath of their banner mishap. "The experience has brought us even closer together," he said. "We've learned to never give up and to always strive for greatness, even in the face of adversity." The Mighty Mites have become an inspiration to not only their community but to people all over the country. Their unwavering dedication and positive outlook have earned them a special place in the hearts of fans everywhere. Thanks to Jimmy Fallon and their newfound fame, the Mighty Mites of Wallkill, New York, have proven that even in the face of defeat, victory is always within reach.