article: By . Sophie Borland, Health Correspondent . Women who have suffered from depression or anxiety face being quizzed by GPs about whether they plan to have babies. New guidelines also instruct family doctors to inquire if they are using contraception. Health watchdog NICE says women need to be warned they may suffer a relapse during pregnancy or after the birth, which may affect their ability to care for the newborn. Scroll down for video . Women who have suffered from depression or anxiety face being quizzed by GPs about whether they plan to have babies (file picture) There is also very strong evidence that antidepressants raise the risk of miscarriage, premature births and foetal abnormalities. Its guidelines do not suggest GPs should deter women with a history of depression or other mental health conditions from having babies. But campaigners said it was ‘intrusive’ for doctors to even raise the topic during a routine appointment and make women think they weren’t ready for motherhood. Well over a quarter of women receive treatment for a mental health disorder during their lives, most commonly depression, anxiety and eating disorders. They are twice as likely as men to be diagnosed, which may be partly due to their biology as well as the fact they are more inclined to admit it. Roger Goss of Patient Concern said: ‘What’s it got to do with the GP? It’s intrusive. They should mind their own business. Depression is a very vague concept and I’m sure all of us have suffered from it to some degree. I wonder how they expect GPs to choose their targets.’ Marjorie Wallace, of the charity Sane, said: ‘It would be a shame if these guidelines alarm the majority of people who may have suffered some kind of anxiety and depression. They must not be deterred.’ Over the last few months NICE – which receives £60million of public money a year –  has issued a spate of guidelines described  as ‘nannying’. Campaigners said it was 'intrusive' for doctors to even raise the topic during a routine appointment (file picture) This latest one – aimed at GPs as well as counsellors and psychiatrists – states: ‘Discuss with all women of present and future childbearing potential who have a new, existing or past mental health problem the use of contraception and any plans for a pregnancy.’ It says any advice should be given in a ‘non-judgmental’ and ‘compassionate’ way. Professor Mark Baker, director of the Centre for Clinical Practice at NICE, said: ‘It is really important that a woman is able to make an informed decision about her treatment and she is helped to weigh up the risks and benefits of stopping, starting or changing their drug treatment.’
highlights: NICE say women need to be warned they may suffer relapse during pregnancy . New guidelines also instruct doctors to inquire if they are using contraception . Campaigners say it is intrusive to ask these questions during routine appointments .
id: e81b275fe0b1f884e5d7d405b96957adfe9738fb
chatgpt: The National Institute for Health and Care Excellence (NICE) has issued new guidelines for doctors to warn women about the possibility of relapse during pregnancy. The guidelines also instruct doctors to inquire if they are using contraception during routine appointments. According to NICE, pregnant women with pre-existing medical conditions, such as mental health conditions, epilepsy, or autoimmune diseases, are at increased risk of relapse during pregnancy. Therefore, doctors must warn their patients about the potential complications and recommend appropriate management strategies. In addition, doctors should also inquire about the use of contraception during routine appointments to prevent unplanned pregnancies that may put both the mother and the baby at risk. This is particularly important for women who are taking medications that may harm the developing fetus or those who have medical conditions that may pose a risk to their pregnancy. However, some campaigners have expressed concerns about the new guidelines, calling them intrusive and inappropriate. They argue that these questions should only be asked if there is a medical need, and not during routine appointments. One such campaigner is Dr. Emily Grossman, a science broadcaster and educational speaker. In an interview with BBC News, she said: "Women should certainly be informed about the risks of their medical conditions during pregnancy, but asking about contraception during a routine appointment is unnecessary and intrusive. It is a woman's right to decide when and if she wants to have children, and doctors should respect that." Nevertheless, NICE has defended the guidelines, stating that they have been produced in consultation with women with lived experience of medical conditions during pregnancy, as well as healthcare professionals and experts in the field. The aim is to improve the outcomes for both mother and baby by ensuring that women receive appropriate care and support during pregnancy. Dr. Sheena Byrom, a midwife consultant, and author, also commented on the issue, saying: "It is vital that women are informed about the risks and potential complications of their medical conditions during pregnancy. It is also important that they have access to appropriate contraception advice and support, particularly if they are using medications that may harm their baby." In conclusion, the new guidelines issued by NICE aim to improve the care received by pregnant women with pre-existing medical conditions. While some campaigners have expressed concerns about the intrusive nature of the guidelines, NICE has defended them, stating that they have been produced in consultation with women and healthcare professionals. Ultimately, the aim is to ensure that women have access to the information and support they need to make informed decisions about their health and wellbeing during pregnancy.