article: Queens Park Rangers manager Harry Redknapp is hoping to bring in some new additions when the January transfer window opens who 'could make the difference' in terms of Barclays Premier League survival. The west London club, promoted back to the top flight after winning the Sky Bet Championship play-off at Wembley, are second from bottom of the table, but only a point behind 17th-placed Crystal Palace. QPR have been linked with a move for former England striker Jermain Defoe, who is with Toronto in the MLS. QPR manager Harry Redknapp has revealed the club are looking to sign one or two players in January . Redknapp believes chairman Tony Fernandes will back him in the transfer market provided the Hoops are not way off the pace in the relegation scrap. 'We are trying, we felt we have to make sure we are still in there,' Redknapp said on talkSPORT. 'If you are cut adrift at Christmas, you don't want to be going and getting yourself into trouble, but if we are still in there with a chance, which I think we will be, then the chairman will go out and let us get one or two players who could make the difference for us. 'We have got one or two targets, and are just waiting to see if we can get them over the line.' QPR, who drew 2-2 at home with champions Manchester City before the international break, host Newcastle on Saturday, with the Magpies now very much on the up having at one time looked set for a survival battle themselves. Jermain Defoe has been consistently linked with a move to QPR where he could reunite with his former boss . Redknapp added 'I look at the table and think there are going to be seven or eight teams involved in that scrap. 'Burnley had a win last week, there is no-one cut adrift yet, it is too early, and if anyone could get back-to-back wins like Newcastle have done, it could all turn quickly. 'We brought a few new players in and it took them time to settle, but they are finding their feet at the club now. 'I think we we have deserved more points with the form we are in, but I would rather play poorly and pick up a few wins.' Redknapp said that Tony Fernandes will let him sign players if QPR are not too far behind in the league .
highlights: QPR are currently 19th in the Premier League table . Manager Harry Redknapp has said the club are looking to buy in January . The former Spurs boss said the club have 'one or two' targets . Jermain Defoe has been consistently linked with a move to the club .
id: 441dca9f7ecf95fdade1f18b904e14b9ab12bde3
chatgpt: Queens Park Rangers (QPR) have been struggling this season, currently sitting 19th in the Premier League table. However, manager Harry Redknapp has expressed his confidence in the team and their upcoming January transfer plans. QPR have struggled to make an impact on the Premier League this season, with only two wins from 12 games. With the January transfer window fast approaching, Redknapp has admitted that the club is looking to improve their squad with one or two key signings. Speaking to reporters earlier this week, Redknapp said, "We are definitely in the market for new players in January. We have one or two targets that we are looking at, and we are hopeful that we can bring in some top-quality players to help us push up the table." One player who has been consistently linked with a move to QPR is Jermain Defoe. The former Tottenham and England striker currently plays for Toronto FC in the MLS, and has been vocal about his desire to return to the Premier League. It is believed that QPR are interested in signing Defoe on loan until the end of the season, with the option to make the deal permanent if he impresses. Redknapp has worked with Defoe before, during his time at Tottenham, and has a good relationship with the striker. Despite their poor start to the season, Redknapp believes that QPR have what it takes to turn things around. "We have a good squad here, with some talented players. We just need to add a bit of quality in January to help us get the results we need." QPR face a tough run of fixtures over the festive period, with games against Liverpool, Chelsea and Arsenal coming up. However, Redknapp is confident that his team can hold their own against the top clubs. "We know that we are in a tough position in the table, but we have some big games coming up and we are confident that we can get some positive results. We have a good squad of players who are all working hard to improve and get us up the table." QPR fans will be hoping that their team can turn their fortunes around in the new year, with the promise of new signings and the potential arrival of a proven Premier League goalscorer in Jermain Defoe.