article: By . James Chapman . Prediction: Ed Davey . A Liberal Democrat Cabinet minister has predicted that his party will enter coalition with Labour after next year’s general election. Energy Secretary Ed Davey, who is on the right of his party, said he believes Labour will be the largest party after the election in May and that the Lib Dems will enter power-sharing talks with them. At a conference organised by the Lib Dem Social Liberal Forum in London at the weekend, Mr Davey suggested that the Lib Dems would use their experience to extract a better deal than they did in 2010. ‘If we were negotiating again and I hope we will be, but probably with the Labour Party this time... that would be my prediction, I think because we are used to coalition politics, we would negotiate even better,’ the minister said, according to a transcript of the event obtained by the Huffington Post UK website. His intervention let slip what many senior Lib Dems are saying privately – with Labour and the Lib Dems quietly aligning policy pledges in more than a dozen areas, apparently in readiness for a potential power-sharing deal. There are now many areas where their policies have converged, including preserving the Human Rights Act, scrapping Conservative tax breaks for married couples, cutting pensioner benefits and imposing a mansion tax on expensive homes. Ed Miliband has announced that he will only support an EU referendum following any new transfer of powers from Britain to Brussels. This is something no-one is contemplating so effectively rules out a referendum. The stance is identical to that of the Lib Dems. Although the Lib Dems are flatlining in national opinion polls, most pollsters think they have every chance of hanging onto enough seats to hold the balance of power once more. Policies both parties support . Nick Clegg has suggested the Lib Dems would be willing to work with either the Tories or Labour in the event of another hung Parliament, and has made strenuous efforts to suggest his party will be ‘equidistant’ between the two. But some senior Lib Dems fear voters would be so enraged by the party jumping straight from coalition with the Tories to Labour that they would be ‘wiped out’ in the 2020 general election. Senior Labour figures are split over whether to prepare for the possibility of a pact. * Lib Dem voters prefer David Cameron as Prime Minister to their own leader, a poll has found. Thirty-five per cent thought Mr Cameron was the best choice, compared with 34 per cent who said Mr Clegg would be better, according to the survey carried out by former Tory party chairman Lord Ashcroft.
highlights: Ed Davey says Lib Dems can use experience in Coalition to get more power . Many Liberal Democrats and Labour policies now align .
id: 528be49324e8b3188f1dc79b87b32b58ccade9a1
chatgpt: The Liberal Democrats may not be the largest political party in the UK, but they are keen to make their mark. In a recent speech, party leader Ed Davey said that the party's experience in the 2010 coalition government could help them gain more power in the future. Speaking at an event in central London, Davey acknowledged that the party has had a difficult few years since their disastrous results in the 2015 general election, but he believes that they have now found their direction. He emphasised that the party has matured and is now more united, which makes it better placed to push its policies. One of the key areas where the party hopes to gain support is on environmental issues. Davey said that the Lib Dems are the "natural home" for those who care about climate change and that the party has ambitious plans to tackle the issue. He also highlighted that Labour's policies on environmental issues have become more aligned with the Lib Dems in recent years, which could help the party gain more support. Davey also touched on the topic of Brexit, which has been a thorn in the side of the Lib Dems since the referendum in 2016. He said that he was proud of the party's stance on Brexit, particularly their support for a second referendum, which he said was "the right thing to do." However, he acknowledged that Brexit is now a reality and that the party needs to move on from it. In addition to environmental issues and Brexit, Davey made it clear that the Lib Dems will be pushing for a fairer society, including better education and social care. He said that the party has learned from its mistakes in the past and is now more focused on delivering policies that have a positive impact on people's lives. He also emphasised the need for the party to be more visible and to engage with voters, particularly young people. The Lib Dems have faced criticism in the past for their willingness to enter into coalition with the Conservatives in 2010, particularly from those who felt that the party betrayed its principles. However, Davey defended the decision and said that the party had achieved some important policies during that time, including raising the personal allowance for income tax and introducing same-sex marriage. In conclusion, Davey said that the Lib Dems are now in a strong position to make a difference and that he believes the party can gain more power in the future. He emphasised the need for the party to be realistic about what it can achieve, but also to be ambitious and push for the policies that it believes in. With many of Labour's policies now aligning with those of the Lib Dems, the party is well-placed to gain more support from voters who care about issues like the environment, education and social care. It remains to be seen whether the party can capitalise on this opportunity, but Davey's speech suggests that the Lib Dems are certainly going to try.