article: (CNN) -- ABC is beginning its reconstruction of "The View" by bringing back Rosie O'Donnell, one of the most famous co-hosts from the talk show's history. O'Donnell will rejoin the talk show in the fall, according to a Twitter message from the show's main account. The announcement confirmed a TMZ report this week. ABC previously announced that of all the current co-hosts, Whoopi Goldberg would be the only one back for the coming season. Barbara Walters signed off in May, and two others, Jenny McCarthy and Sherri Shepherd, are going to depart this summer. O'Donnell didn't immediately comment on the announcement. On Twitter, she posted a photo of her family vacationing in Florida. O'Donnell co-hosted "The View" during its 10th season in 2006-07. Her on-air battles with co-host Elisabeth Hasselbeck -- over issues like the Iraq war, which O'Donnell was vehemently against -- were loud and legendary. "Their back-and-forth has helped buoy ratings," The Los Angeles Times reported at the time, but the tumult was sometimes tough to watch and changed the usually cheery climate of the talk show. O'Donnell left after just nine months. And she hadn't been back until this year, when she visited in February for a "Hot Topics" segment. "This feels kind of weird but good weird," she quipped. She also made a joke about being "exiled again" if Hasselbeck were still there. Hasselbeck is now a co-host of "Fox & Friends" on the Fox News Channel. With O'Donnell's return in the news this week, Hasselbeck interrupted her vacation to call in to "Fox & Friends" and comment about the rumors on Wednesday. She said O'Donnell was "at ease" and "walked around with such control" when O'Donnell, Hasselbeck and the rest of the former co-hosts reunited for a farewell to Walters in May. "I do believe this has been in the works for a very, very long time," Hasselbeck said. ABC has at least two more seats to fill around "The View" table, and there has been some speculation that the show might add a male co-host for the first time. A spokeswoman for the show said this week that "The View" "will be moving in an exciting new direction next season and ABC has made decisions to evolve the show creatively." Rosie O'Donnell reveals 50-pound weight loss . 'The View' shakeup: Shepherd, McCarthy stand together . Barbara Walters: Farewell to 'The View'
highlights: Co-host will be rejoining the show . Announcement came from show's Twitter account . Goldberg will be the only current co-host returning .
id: 3e99e1844daa3500f7a180ee786ea2641fdbb92e
chatgpt: After weeks of speculation, it has been officially confirmed that a former co-host will be rejoining the popular talk show. The announcement was made via the show's official Twitter account, which sent fans into a frenzy. According to the statement released on social media, only one of the current co-hosts will be returning to the show, and it will be none other than the vivacious and outspoken, Goldberg. Having been a staple on the show for several years, Goldberg's return has been met with widespread excitement from dedicated viewers who have missed her fiery presence. While the identity of the returning co-host has not been disclosed, rumours have been circulating for weeks regarding who it could be. Social media has been awash with speculation, with several names being touted as potential candidates. However, the confirmation that Goldberg will be the only current co-host returning has put an end to the speculation. Goldberg's return comes at an exciting time for the show, which has seen a decline in ratings since the departure of its former host. Her return is expected to breathe new life into the show and bring back the loyal viewers who had tuned out during her absence. The reason for the former co-host's departure was never officially disclosed, leading to much speculation and rumour. However, rumours of tension between the co-host and the show's production team were widely reported in the press. While it remains to be seen how the returning co-host will integrate back into the show, many are hoping that they will be greeted with open arms by the rest of the cast and crew. The news of Goldberg's return has been met with a flurry of activity on social media, with fans of the show expressing their excitement and anticipation for what is to come. Many have praised Goldberg for her previous contributions to the show and have expressed their hope that her return will reinvigorate the chemistry between the co-hosts. Only time will tell how the returning co-host will be received by viewers, but one thing is for certain - Goldberg's return has set the stage for what could be an exciting new chapter for the popular talk show. For anyone who has fallen out of love with the program, the return of the show's most beloved co-host might just be enough to reignite their passion.