article: By . Luke Salkeld . PUBLISHED: . 11:48 EST, 29 May 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 19:58 EST, 29 May 2013 . When a puppy suddenly keeled over after being stung by a bee, its owners began to panic. But luckily their daughter, a 20-year-old nursery worker, knew exactly what to do. Emma Harris realised that seven-month-old boxer Lola had suffered an allergic reaction and swung into action. Determined to bring the family pet back from the dead, she started performing CPR. Angel of mercy: Emma Harris with her dog Lola, who she saved with CPR after the seven month old boxer suffered an extreme allergic reaction when she was stung by a bee . Recalling the moments after Lola . swallowed the bee and was stung,  Miss Harris said: ‘She seemed fine at . first and then five minutes later she was sick. ‘After she collapsed we couldn’t feel a . pulse. My dad was shouting, “She’s gone, she’s gone”. My mum was a mess . and my dad didn’t know what to do. I don’t know what came over me but I . jumped on top of her and started to pump her heart with my fists to give . her CPR.’ Neighbour Jim Ness, a retired nurse, saw the family’s distress and leapt over the fence to help save Lola. After a few minutes the dog was revived, choking for breath, and was taken to be examined by a vet. ‘I needed to keep pumping her chest for a good couple of minutes,’ Miss Harris said at the family home in Plymouth. ‘Jim helped me to keep calm and held Lola’s head for me while I pressed on her chest. ‘When she started to breathe again he told me to take a rest. I had just . given 60 compressions in a row and he said that I might have to give . her more.’ Relief: Emma Harris with her Lola and her parents Ian and Tammy. The family lost a pet dog last year and were overjoyed when Emma revived Lola . The vet gave Lola steroids to help counteract the bee sting, and she was soon back to her usual adventurous self. Her relieved owner said: ‘If I hadn’t taken part in a first aid course at work then I wouldn’t have known what to do. ‘I am quite proud of myself for doing it. She’s my pet and she’s only . young. We lost a dog last June, another boxer called Stella, so it would . have been horrible to lose Lola so quickly.’ Emma’s grandmother Shirley Ball, 66, said: ‘Her mother told me that Emma just told them to go away and let her get on with it. ‘The circumstances could have been very different if she hadn’t decided to act. I’m just so proud of her right now.’
highlights: Little Lola keeled over in front of horrified owners after the insect struck . Nursery assistant Emma Harris used first aid skills learned at work . The dog came round after a few terrifying minutes . The family lost a dog last year and were overjoyed at recovery .
id: fb2a748a62b19c4e14512e12173b0388fc012e50
chatgpt: A little dog named Lola had a frightful experience last week, when she keeled over in front of her owners after being stung by an insect. The canine collapsed unexpectedly, leaving her owners feeling both horrified and helpless. Luckily, nursery assistant Emma Harris was on hand to offer some much-needed assistance. Harris, who works at a local daycare center, had picked up some first aid skills during her training, and she immediately put them into action. She assessed Lola's condition and quickly realized that she needed urgent care. The insect sting had caused Lola to go into anaphylactic shock, which can be a life-threatening condition if not treated quickly. Harris used her training to administer first-aid, helping to stabilize the little dog and prevent further complications. Moments later, Lola began to show signs of improvement, and her owners were relieved to see her coming round. The family were no strangers to tragedy, having lost a dog last year under very different circumstances. Seeing Lola recover so quickly was a cause for great celebration. Speaking after the incident, Harris said, "I'm just glad I was there to help. It's amazing how much you can do with just a bit of knowledge and some quick thinking. Lola is such a sweet dog, and I'm so happy to have been able to play a part in her recovery." Lola's owners were equally grateful, and praised Harris for her bravery and quick thinking. They said that they would forever be in her debt for the help she had given to their beloved pet. For others who may find themselves in a similar situation, Harris said, "It's really important to stay calm and assess the situation. Even if you don't have any formal training, there are still things you can do to help. Just remember to try and keep the animal calm and comfortable until help arrives." The story of Lola's recovery serves as an important reminder of the value of first aid training for anyone who cares for animals. Whether you're a pet owner, a dog-walker or an animal lover, having some basic knowledge of first aid can make all the difference in an emergency. As for Lola, she's now back to her old self, running around and enjoying life as usual. Her owners are overjoyed at her recovery, and plan to spoil her with treats and attention in the coming weeks. They know that they have a lot to be grateful for, and are thankful for the timely intervention of their local nursery assistant.