article: New York (CNN) -- The world's most valuable book sold Tuesday for $14.16 million at Sotheby's in New York, according to the auction house. The rare Bay Psalm Book is the first book ever written and printed in what is now the United States. Its sale set a record for a book sold at auction, Sotheby's said. Philanthropist David Rubenstein purchased one of 11 surviving copies. He "plans to share it with the American public by loaning it to libraries across the country, before putting it on long-term loan at one of them," according to Sotheby's. The Bay Psalm Book is a translation of the biblical psalms by the Puritans and was an important part of their church service. "It's so very valuable because it is the beginning of Western civilization in our country," said David Redden, vice chairman of Sotheby's. "In fact, it is the first poetry in America -- it's as simple as that." Currently, the 11 surviving versions of the 1,700 originally printed are in institutional collections, including Harvard, Yale, Oxford, the New York Public Library and the Huntington Library in California. The book auctioned Tuesday is from the collection of the Old South Church in Boston, Massachusetts, which had it for more than 300 years. It is one of two copies in their possession, with the sale intended to support its mission and ministry in Boston. Congregationalist Puritans, who settled around Massachusetts Bay in search of religious freedom, wanted to translate and produce a version of the Book of Psalms closer to the Hebrew original than the one they had brought over from England. The first edition of the Bay Psalm Book was printed in Cambridge, Massachusetts. Tuesday's sale is the first time since 1947 and the second time since 1894 that a copy has appeared at auction. In 1947, it achieved a higher price than any other book printed at the time, when Sotheby's sold it for $151,000. "This little book of 1640 was a precursor to Lexington and Concord, and, ultimately, to American political independence," Redden said. "With it, New England declared its independence from the Church of England." Tuesday's sale eclipses the previous auction record for a printed book, at Sotheby's London, when a copy of John James Audubon's Birds of America sold for $11.5 million in 2010, the auction house said. Francis Bacon painting auctioned for more than $142 million, breaks record . Flawless white diamond sells for record $30 million at Hong Kong auction .
highlights: Buyer is philanthropist David Rubenstein . Gavel goes down at $14.2 million at Sotheby's . Rare Bay Psalm Book is the first book ever written and printed in America . The book came from the collection of the Old South Church in Boston .
id: 266f50c076bcc048056771f2d8f5fd4300e30ad5
chatgpt: Philanthropist David Rubenstein made headlines recently by purchasing a rare and historic book for $14.2 million at a Sotheby's auction. The item in question? The Bay Psalm Book, widely considered to be the first book ever written and printed in America. The Bay Psalm Book was first published in 1640 by a group of Puritan ministers who had fled persecution in England. They settled in what is now Massachusetts and, within just a few years, had created the colony's first printing press. The Bay Psalm Book was one of the first items ever printed on this press. The book contains text for psalms to be sung during worship services. The Puritans believed in singing in a plain, simple style and therefore translated the psalms into English verse that avoided the elaborate poetic conventions of the time. The book was an important part of early American religious and cultural history, and only eleven copies of the first edition are known to exist today. The copy that David Rubenstein purchased came from the collection of the Old South Church in Boston, which had owned it since soon after its original publication. The church had decided to sell the book in order to fund its charitable efforts in the city. Rubenstein, who has made his fortune as a private equity investor, has a track record of collecting and donating historically significant objects to museums and institutions. He owns copies of the Magna Carta and the Declaration of Independence, which he has loaned to various museums around the country. He plans to lend the Bay Psalm Book to institutions as well. "It gives me great pleasure to be able to preserve our nation's cultural heritage and share it with others," Rubenstein said in a statement after the sale. "The Bay Psalm Book is a testament to the deep religious faith and cultural legacy of our country's earliest settlers." The sale of the book has caused some controversy, with critics arguing that such historically significant items should not be sold to private collectors. However, supporters of the sale point out that the proceeds will be used to support charitable causes, and that Rubenstein has a proven track record of making sure that historically significant items are available for public viewing. Regardless of the controversy, one thing is clear: the Bay Psalm Book is an important part of American history, and its sale for $14.2 million ensures that it will be preserved and celebrated for generations to come.