article: By . Fiona Keating . PUBLISHED: . 13:46 EST, 25 March 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 20:09 EST, 25 March 2013 . Hot on the heels of Google Glasses, there’s a new device on the block even before the search engine giant has released its new gadget. Sony is believed to be working on a similar computing glasses product after patent appeared online . The Japanese electronics maker recently published an application to the US Patent and Trademark office for a head-mounted display apparatus. Look to the future: Sony has issued a patent for a head-mounted display apparatus . The device is described as ‘A . head-mounted display apparatus including an image display device, a . wearing device with which the image display device is worn on a head of . an observer, and an attachment member with which the image display . device is attached to the wearing device. ‘The attachment member is capable of adjusting a position of the image display device relative to the wearing device independently in a first direction and in a second direction, the first direction being defined by a virtual line connecting centres of eyes of the observer, the second direction being perpendicular to the first direction and extending vertically with respect to the observer.’ What makes Sony’s device different from Google Glasses is that the user will be able to view information on both eyes as compared to Google’s device where only one eye can view information, according to The Droid Guy. Head case: Google co-founder Sergey Brin will have competition for the wearable computing market . Based on the prototype drawing, there are ear buds mounted on the arms as well. The lenses are also movable which can be adjusted by the user to get the most comfortable fit. It’s believed that the device will display 2D content. Sony is making inroads into the head mounted device market, with augmented reality units already available such as home entertainment devices like the HMZ-T2 Personal 3d Viewer. Thousands of Google Glasses are set to hit the streets later this year, and it seems that other competitors such as Sony won’t be far behind.
highlights: Users of Sony's device may be able to . view information with both eyes, unlike Google’s device which only . allows one eye to view information . Sony has already produced augmented reality units such as the HMZ-T2 Personal 3d Viewer .
id: 17cb3079efb07bf85e8f30783b639d173651d87d
chatgpt: Sony may soon surpass Google in the augmented reality world, as they may be able to provide a more immersive experience for their users. The Japanese tech giant is supposedly working on a device that allows users to view information with both eyes, unlike Google's device which only allows one eye to view information. This new device is rumored to be a part of Sony's HMZ line and will most likely come in the form of a headset. Sony has already produced successful augmented reality units such as the HMZ-T2 Personal 3D Viewer, which gave users an immersive 3D video experience. The new device is expected to build upon the success of the HMZ line and take it to the next level by incorporating augmented reality. Sony's new device will allow users to view virtual objects in a more natural, 3D-like environment, which will provide a more immersive experience. The device is expected to be comfortable and easy to use for extended periods of time, which is essential for providing a truly immersive experience. Sony's effort to create a more immersive augmented reality experience with their device is something that sets them apart from Google. Google's Glass, which was supposed to be a game-changer in the augmented reality world, only allowed one eye to view information. This is something that Sony has apparently addressed with their new device. Sony's new device has yet to be announced officially, and there is no word yet on when it will be released. However, if Sony can deliver on their promise of a more immersive augmented reality experience, it could shake up the industry and put them ahead of the competition. In conclusion, Sony's rumored new augmented reality device may be a game-changer in the industry. Providing a more immersive experience for users by allowing both eyes to view information, the device is expected to build upon the success of Sony's HMZ line of augmented reality units. While no official announcement has been made yet, the device has already generated buzz and excitement among tech enthusiasts.