article: A manhunt has been launched to find a mother-of-three who has not been seen since her lunch break from a childcare center on Friday. Jessica Padgett, 33, stepped out of Duck Duck Goose Child Care in Northampton, Pennsylvania, to call her husband and send a fax between 12.30pm and 2pm. Police later found her phone and her car in a parking lot a mile from the center. Missing: Jessica Padgett, 33, was last seen going on her lunch break from Duck Duck Goose Daycare to call her husband and send a fax at midday on Friday. Police found her phone in her car in a parking lot a mile away . Family members have appealed for witnesses that may have seen Mrs Padgett, described as 5'2", insisting her disappearance is out of the ordinary. Her sister Kristi Davis wrote on Facebook: 'My sister is missing...She wouldn't run off, she has kids.' She added: 'She hasn't answered phone calls or texts since 1pm.' Investigators believe there is no sign of foul play but continue to probe the case. 'This is not something that happened at night,' said Jim Wilkins, a friend of Mrs Padgett's told NBC. Appeal: This is what Mrs Padgett was wearing on Friday when she went missing in Northampton, PA . Fears: Mrs Padgett's sister says the disappearance is out of the ordinary as she is married with kids . 'This was smack dab in the middle of the day. The community needs to be made aware because somebody out there knows something.' According to colleagues, she was wearing a black hooded sweatshirt branded with the words 'Duck Duck Goose Staff' and grey sweatpants at the time of her disappearance. Her hair was in a pony tail and she was driving a white Subaru Outback. Anyone with information regarding the case should call Pennsylvania State Police Bethlehem Barracks at 610-861-2026.
highlights: Jessica Padgett, 33, spoke to husband on phone at 1pm during lunch break from Pennsylvania childcare center where she works . Police found her phone in her car at a parking lot a mile away . Family said disappearance is out of the ordinary for the mom-of-three .
id: 81ab822a4425048071a38400ba9aa6bb2167ef02
chatgpt: A Pennsylvania family is praying for the safe return of Jessica Padgett, a mother of three who mysteriously vanished last Thursday. According to her family, Padgett spoke to her husband on the phone during her lunch break at around 1 pm. She was working at a childcare center in Northampton County at the time. However, when Padgett failed to return to work after her break, her co-workers became concerned and alerted the authorities. Police later found her vehicle in a parking lot about a mile away from the childcare center. Her keys and purse were found inside the vehicle, but her phone was missing. At a press conference on Friday, Padgett's family broke down in tears as they pleaded for her safe return. Her mother, who spoke on behalf of the family, said that it was out of character for Padgett to disappear without a trace. "Jessica is a loving mother, wife, and daughter. She would never leave her children and husband like this. We just want her to come back home," the distraught mother said. As police continue to investigate the case, the family has launched a social media campaign to help find Padgett. They're urging anyone with information about her whereabouts to come forward and speak with the authorities. Meanwhile, her colleagues at the childcare center, where she's worked for the past five years, say they are in shock by her disappearance. "She's a wonderful person, always smiling and great with the kids. It's hard to imagine that something like this could happen to her," said one of Padgett's co-workers. As the search for Jessica Padgett enters its fourth day, her family remains hopeful that she will be found safe and sound. In the meantime, they appreciate the outpouring of support from the community and the efforts of law enforcement to bring their loved one home.