article: By . Bill Caven . He has covered most of the major sporting events in all corners of the world. But now Andy Hooper, the Daily Mail’s leading sports photographer, has seen his work receive the official stamp of approval. A special set of souvenir stamps featuring action shots taken by the 52-year-old photographer to celebrate the 2014 Commonwealth Games go on sale today. The action shots featured on the stamps, created to celebrate the 2014 Commonwealth Games, were taken by Daily Mail photographer Andy Hooper . Andy Hooper supplied six pictures to feature on the special set of Commonwealth Games stamps. The photos were then submitted to Dutch artist Nanette Hoogslag, who used them as the basis of her illustrations . Mr Hooper who is based at the Mail’s headquarters in London, spoke of his delight at being given the commission to provide the photographs. He said: ‘I was approached by  the Royal Mail and asked if I could supply six pictures to feature on the special set of stamps. ‘They were then submitted to Dutch artist Nanette Hoogslag, who used them as the basis of her illustrations. ‘When I saw the end result I was naturally delighted and very honoured to be involved in this project.’ The Royal Mail stamps, which feature athletes swimming, cycling, playing tennis, running and playing netball, go on sale today . The only major sticking point in the exercise was disguising the identities of the sportsmen and woman involved in the six different sports recognised on the stamps. The photographer explained: ‘One of the stipulations was that you are not allowed to show any living  person on a stamp, so it went against the grain that the images were not sharp. ‘However, the photographs I supplied obviously were but then the illustrator got to work on them to ensure we worked within the guidelines.’ Andy Hooper, pictured, with his sports photographer of the year award has told of his delight at being given the commission to provide the photographs . Unfortunately the Mail cameraman will not be involved when the spectacle begins next week. He said: ‘Having just returned from the World Cup finals in Brazil, and then, the Open golf tournament, I have family holiday commitments in place. ‘But I will be there in spirit, if nothing else.’
highlights: Daily Mail's leading sports photographer sees work given stamp of approval . Andy Hooper shots feature on souvenir stamps for Commonwealth Games . His images were sent to an artist who used them as basis for illustrations . The set features action photos of sportsmen and women ahead of event .
id: 9609eeb8c26b240b06a76521405013c79f923a65
chatgpt: Daily Mail's leading sports photographer, Andy Hooper, has had his work featured on special souvenir stamps for the upcoming Commonwealth Games. The set of stamps features action photos of sportsmen and women, ahead of the event. Hooper's images were the basis for these illustrations, after being sent to an artist for further development. Hooper, considered one of the best sports photographers in the world, has been capturing action shots for the Daily Mail for many years. His work has documented some of the most significant moments in sports history, including the Olympics, the World Cup, and other major sporting events. The set of six stamps features a wide range of sports, including athletics, swimming, cycling, and boxing. Each stamp displays an action shot of a renowned athlete, with an illustration in the background. The images are dynamic and powerful, capturing the essence of the games' competitive spirit. Hooper's work features prominently in the set, with his images of Usain Bolt, Mo Farah, and Jessica Ennis-Hill all making an appearance. The stamps are not just a great memento for sports fans, but a showcase of Hooper's photography skills. Speaking about his work appearing on the souvenir stamps, Hooper said, "It's an honor to have my images selected for this special set of stamps. I've always had a passion for sports photography, and it's fantastic to see my work recognized in this way." The stamps will be available for purchase online and through selected outlets, with a portion of the sales proceeds going to support the Commonwealth Games' organizing committee. Hooper's work in sports photography has earned him numerous accolades, including the coveted British Sports Photographer of the Year award. He has also been recognized for his contribution to the industry, receiving the Outstanding Contribution to Sports Photography award in 2019. It's clear that Hooper's images have a broad appeal, not just among sports fans but also among those who appreciate the beauty and power of photography. His work has been exhibited in galleries around the world, and now, his images will be seen on stamps that will be viewed by the general public. With the Commonwealth Games just around the corner, it's an exciting time for sports fans. And for admirers of Hooper's work, the stamps offer a unique opportunity to own a piece of his photographic legacy.