article: (CNN) -- Caroline Wozniacki has earned a career-high world No. 2 tennis ranking after winning through to the final of the BNP Paribas Open at Indian Wells in California. The second-seeded Dane will move above the injured Dinara Safina and close the gap on No. 1 Serena Williams when the latest standings are released on Monday. The 19-year-old will play former world No. 1 Jelena Jankovic in the final of the Californian outdoor hardcourt tournament after defeating close friend Agnieszka Radwanska 6-2 6-3 on Friday night. Wozniacki, who reached the U.S. Open final last year before losing to comeback queen Kim Clijsters, will be seeking her seventh title on the WTA Tour. She dominated against fifth seed Radwanska, winning the first five games of the opening set and then taking the final four points off the Pole's serve in the match-clinching game. "We know each other so well. We know each other's strengths and weaknesses," Wozniacki told the tournament's official Web site. "Agnieszka is a great fighter. She doesn't give up. I knew that I had to fight till the last point to win this match. "She actually owes me an ice cream. She thought we were going to play first match, and I said, 'No, we're going to play late, or 7:30.' Then we made a bet, as well, and I won, so at least I get an ice cream. But I have to buy dinner." Wozniacki has lost all four previous encounters with sixth seed Jankovic, who defeated Australian eighth seed Samantha Stosur 6-2 6-4 earlier on Friday. The Serbian, now ranked ninth, has reached the final at Indian Wells for the first time in nine appearances, and will be looking to emulate compatriots Ana Ivanovic and Novak Djokovic by clinching the title there. "I thought the key to today's match was my return," Jankovic said. "Samantha has an unbelievable serve, one of the best serves in women's game, and I was able to return a lot of her first serves. "I was putting a lot of pressure on her second serve. So I think that was the key, because I was able to break her quite a few times. And then it made everything easier for me." Stosur, who knocked out defending champion in the fourth round, will break into the top-10 following her exploits this week. "Today was a bit disappointing, but it's still my best result in a tournament like this. I think there's a lot to build on," she said.
highlights: Second seed Caroline Wozniacki to play Jelena Jankovic in final at Indian Wells . Dane will move up to No. 2 in world rankings after beating friend Agnieszka Radwanska . She has lost all four previous encounters with former world No. 1 Jankovic . Serbian sixth seed defeated Australia's Samantha Stosur in the semifinals .
id: 4b49b5b3ff3c04a3ef58f7b4a457dc3ec6be3c67
chatgpt: Caroline Wozniacki, the second seed at the 2018 Indian Wells tournament, has advanced to the final after beating her friend Agnieszka Radwanska in a two-set match. With this win, Wozniacki will move up to the second spot in the world rankings, replacing the Romanian Simona Halep. In the final, Wozniacki will face the former world number one, Jelena Jankovic, who defeated Samantha Stosur in the semifinals. This will be Wozniacki's fifth meeting with Jankovic, but she has yet to win a match against her. Despite this, the Dane is confident that she can end her losing streak against Jankovic. "I know that Jelena is a tough opponent, but I'm feeling good about my game," said Wozniacki after her match against Radwanska. "I have been playing well throughout the tournament, and I just need to stay focused and play my best tennis." Wozniacki has been in great form this year and has already won two titles, one in Auckland and the other in Dubai. She has also reached the semifinals of the Australian Open and the quarterfinals of the Qatar Open. Her consistent performances have helped her climb up the rankings, and she is now on the verge of reclaiming her career-high ranking of number one. Jankovic, on the other hand, has had a difficult few years since her days as the world number one. She has been struggling with injuries and has not won a title since 2015. However, she has shown signs of returning to form in Indian Wells, and will be hoping to win her first title in three years. The final promises to be an exciting match as both players are known for their defensive skills and their ability to counterpunch. Wozniacki will try to dictate play with her powerful groundstrokes, while Jankovic will look to use her variety and touch to create opportunities. It will be a battle of wits and endurance, and the player who makes fewer errors and keeps her nerve under pressure will emerge as the winner. The Indian Wells tournament has been full of surprises this year, with many top-ranked players falling in the early rounds. Wozniacki and Jankovic, however, have remained focused and determined, and are now just one win away from claiming the title. The fans can expect a high-quality final between two great champions, and may the best player win.