article: Former Sunderland chief executive Roberto De Fanti has hit back at claims made by Paolo Di Canio about his part, or lack of, in the club's recruitment last summer. Di Canio, who was sacked at the beginning of last season, says he didn't choose any of the 14 players the Black Cats signed before his departure. But De Fanti has slammed the Italian boss, insisting he 'blames everybody but himself' and that he had his say on every new arrival. Paolo Di Canio, who was sacked as Sunderland boss last year, claims he didn't pick players to sign in 2013/14 . Emanuele Giaccherini (left) and Jozy Altidore (right) were two of 14 brought in last summer . But former chief executive Roberto De Fanti says Di Canio 'blames everybody but himself' De Fanti told BBC Sport: 'Paolo had the final decision on every player.' He added: 'He always blames everybody else but himself.' The comments contradict those of Di Canio, who was speaking earlier on Goals on Sunday. and said: 'Not one of those was brought by me.' 'De Fanti and Valentino Angeloni were the two responsible for that technical error, with the maximum support from the chairman, which is Ellis Short.' The 46-year-old was sacked five games into the 2013/14 season and replaced by Gus Poyet, and despite saving the club from relegation the season before, De Fanti says he didn't believe Di Canio was right for the long term. He has however, pledged his support to Poyet, despite the 8-0 defeat to Southampton on Saturday. 'The biggest mistake of the club's board was not to listen to me and Valentino's suggestion not to confirm Paolo at the beginning of last season,' said De Fanti. 'Paolo was fundamental in saving the team from relegation, but not the right manager to lead what would have been a new group. Di Canio started well at Sunderland and kept the Black Cats up but was sacked early on the next season . De Fanti has pledged his support to Gus Poyet despite Sunderland's 8-0 defeat to Southampton on Saturday . 'Cracks inside the locker room were evident already then.' 'Luckily, our suggestion to take Gus was not unheard and he was able to achieve results with exactly the same team as the beginning of the season,' said De Fanti. 'He will also save the club also this year, if he is allowed to work properly.'
highlights: Sunderland signed 14 players but Paolo Di Canio says he didn't pick them . Italian boss was then sacked five games into the season . Gus Poyet replaced Di Canio, who was formerly the Swindon boss . Former chief executive Roberto De Fanti refutes Di Canio's claims . Sunderland lost 8-0 to Southampton at St Mary's on Saturday .
id: 97141a57d69b7429bd7a9ebc0ecbdb858f29886b
chatgpt: Sunderland Football Club has been hit by controversy after their former manager, Paolo Di Canio, claimed that he did not pick any of the 14 players signed during his tenure. Di Canio, who was sacked just five games into the season, said that he found out about the new signings via email. Di Canio was replaced by Gus Poyet, who had previously managed Brighton and Hove Albion. Poyet was tasked with improving Sunderland's fortunes after a disastrous start to the season that had seen them languishing at the bottom of the Premier League table. However, Di Canio's claims have been refuted by former chief executive Roberto De Fanti. De Fanti, who was responsible for the transfers, said that Di Canio was aware of all the players that were signed and was involved in the decision-making process. The controversy has overshadowed Sunderland's recent performances, which have been disappointing to say the least. On Saturday, they suffered a humiliating 8-0 defeat at the hands of Southampton in what was their worst ever Premier League defeat. The defeat at St Mary's has left many Sunderland fans calling for Poyet's head. While the Uruguayan has only been in charge for a few weeks, some fans feel that he has not done enough to turn the team's fortunes around. Poyet, however, has defended himself and his team, saying that they are working hard to improve their performances. Speaking after the defeat to Southampton, Poyet said, "We are working hard every day to try and improve. We know that we have to do better and we are determined to turn things around." Despite Poyet's optimism, Sunderland fans will be worried about their team's future. The club has a proud history and has always been regarded as a stalwart of English football. However, their recent performances have been poor and there is a real danger that they could be relegated from the Premier League this season. As things stand, Sunderland are rock bottom of the table with just one point from their first eight games. They face a tough trip to Manchester United next weekend and will be hoping to get something out of the game to kick-start their season.