article: The producers of hit BBC drama Sherlock are under pressure to fast-track new episodes in order to get the programme back on television in time for next Christmas. Following the success of the New Year's Day episode of Sherlock, which attracted over 13 million viewers when catch-up services are factored in, the BBC is understood to be eager to bill the programme as the main event in its Christmas 2014 schedule. The news comes after the BBC was rocked by a surge in people watching ITV over the festive period, with healthy numbers for both Downton Abbey and Coronation Street - the latter of which beat Eastenders' Christmas Day viewing figures for the first time in over a decade. Top billing: The New Year's Day episode of Sherlock attracted over 13 million viewers and the BBC is understood to be eager to bill the programme as the main event for Christmas 2014 . More than 10 million people are expected to have tuned in to last night's series three finale of Sherlock, which ended on a cliffhanger. The series began with the New Year's Day special after a two year wait, and was criticised in some quarters for failing to answer questions about how the world's most famous detective . faked his own death in the final episode of the previous series. Speaking to the Sun, a BBC insider said: 'The BBC is desperate for a Sherlock Christmas Day special this year. It wants its biggest guns ready.' Sherlock creators Steven Moffat and Mark Gatiss have already admitted sketching out ideas for a fourth and fifth series, with the current story arc leaving the door open for new episodes. The long-awaited third series takes place two years after Sherlock was seen hurling himself from the roof of St Bart's Hospital, London, in an apparent suicide . All that is believed to be required for a Sherlock Christmas Day special to be confirmed is confirmation that its stars Benedict Cumberbatch and Martin Freeman can agree to start filming in spring. Earlier this week it was revealed that Sherlock now has the highest post-broadcast viewing figures of all time, overtaking the 2011 Downton Abbey Christmas special, which received 3.1 million views through ITV Player. The New Year's Day episode attracted over 10 million viewers during its initial broadcast, raising to 13 million when catch-up services are factored in. Although so-called 'cult' dramas such as Sherlock are incredibly popular and therefore naturally attract a large numbers of views, it is thought that their fans also tend to watch them during their initial broadcast, then re-watch one or more times through a catch-up service.
highlights: Hit drama is expected to be the BBC's main event for Christmas 2014 . New Year's Day episode of Sherlock attracted more than 13 million viewers . News comes after BBC was rocked by ITV's Christmas viewing figures . New episodes are already planned and filming could begin in spring . Benedict Cumberbatch and Martin Freeman just need to agree to timing .
id: 565c8273d0d4d5c4b2d9b457a12aa216cf107a69
chatgpt: The BBC has announced that hit drama "Sherlock" will be the main event for Christmas 2014. The show has become a staple of the Christmas viewing schedule, with the New Year's Day episode attracting over 13 million viewers. The news was welcomed by fans of the show, who have been eagerly awaiting news of a new series. The announcement comes after the BBC was rocked by ITV's Christmas viewing figures, which showed that the channel had beaten the BBC in the ratings war for the first time in five years. The BBC will be hoping that the popularity of "Sherlock" will help them to regain their lead over their rivals. The new episodes of "Sherlock" are already in the pipeline, with filming set to begin in Spring. However, there is one potential obstacle to production: Benedict Cumberbatch and Martin Freeman, who play the lead roles of Sherlock Holmes and Dr. John Watson, respectively, need to agree on the timing of the filming. The show's co-creator, Steven Moffat, stated that "we're moving heaven and earth to make sure we can film again in the spring". He added that he was confident that Cumberbatch and Freeman would be able to find a way to make it work. "They're both incredibly busy, but they both love the show and they both want to do it," Moffat said. Fans will be eagerly anticipating the return of "Sherlock", which has become one of the most popular dramas in recent years. The show, which is based on the stories of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, has won critical acclaim and numerous awards since it first aired in 2010. The show's popularity has also been boosted by the performances of its lead actors. Benedict Cumberbatch has become one of the most sought-after actors in the business, while Martin Freeman has enjoyed success in both film and television. Despite the success of "Sherlock", there has been some criticism of the show's portrayal of its lead character. Some critics have accused the show of glamorizing Sherlock Holmes' drug addiction, while others have argued that it lacks the authenticity of Conan Doyle's original stories. Despite these criticisms, "Sherlock" remains one of the BBC's most popular shows, and the announcement of its return will be greeted with excitement by its legions of fans. With filming set to begin in the spring, it seems that the wait for new episodes of "Sherlock" will soon be over.