article: (CNN) -- Airborne for white, sandy beaches, turquoise Cuban waters and swaying palms, two women apparently broke out their duty-free booze on Wednesday and partied hearty in a passenger jet bathroom. So terribly hearty, that they got Sunwing Flight 656 a military jet escort back to the Canadian airport from which it departed. Prosecutors on Thursday charged Melana Muzikante, 26, and Lilia Ratmanski, 25, each with two counts of mischief, one count of smoking on an aircraft, one count of endangering the safety of an aircraft and with uttering a threat to cause death or bodily harm, according to Constable Lillian Fitzpatrick of Peel Regional Police. A judge released them on $2,500 bail each after they spent a night in a Canadian jail, but Fitzpatrick said Muzikante's surety won't arrive until Friday, meaning she'll spend Thursday night behind bars. It was not clear late Thursday who her attorney was; attempts to reach Ratmanski were unsuccessful. From champagne to swill . Sunwing Airlines flies North Americans south and advertises its low-cost holiday voyages with "Champagne Service." It welcomes aboard vacationers departing from Canada for Latin America and the Caribbean with a glass of bubbly. On Flight 656, passengers were toasting their forthcoming R&R at their destination of Varadero on Cuba's Florida-facing shore. Apparently, it wasn't enough for two passengers. Out came the duty-free spirits, and to go with them, the ladies allegedly lit up a cigarette in the lavatory, the airline said in a statement. Then the bathroom smoke detector ratted them out. Fight, threats, jail . Their moods swung, and their fists may have, too, as the two women got "into a physical altercation with each other," the airline said. They also threatened to do something to the plane. The crew didn't believe that they could, "given their condition," Sunwing said, but procedure called for them to make a U-turn and head back for base. The North American Aerospace Defense Command diverted two CF-18 fighter jets to escort the plane to Toronto's airport. "Those two females were brought off that aircraft by our officers here at the airport division," Tudo said. The other passengers received free meal vouchers and an apology, Sunwing said. Judge grounds partying . Muzikante and Ratmanski are due back in court September 29, according to Fitzpatrick. Until then, they will have to keep any revelry at lower altitudes: Fitzpatrick said the judge ordered the two to stay away from each other, from booze and from any airport.
highlights: NEW: Five charges each for two Canadian passengers . Airline: Apparently the two women drank a good bit in the bathroom . The women got into a "physical altercation," made threats against the plane . NORAD escorted flight back to Toronto .
id: 1fd3d044c5594170df929aefd7ee52799c9f61e8
chatgpt: Two Canadian passengers are facing five charges each after an incident during a flight from Toronto to Cuba. The airline has reported that the two women appeared to have been drinking heavily in the airplane bathroom, which led to a physical altercation and threats against the plane. According to Air Transat, the airline on which the two women were flying, the incident occurred several hours into the flight after the women had been enjoying alcoholic drinks. They were using the airplane bathroom when things began to get out of hand. "The passengers' behaviour began to be disruptive and they eventually got into a physical altercation," the airline said in a statement. "They also made threats against the plane and its passengers." The situation quickly escalated, prompting the decision to turn the plane around and return to Toronto. NORAD, the North American Aerospace Defense Command, dispatched two fighter jets to escort the plane back to the airport. Once on the ground, the two women were taken into custody. The incident has since made headlines across the country, as many are expressing concern about the dangers of excessive alcohol consumption during flights. In recent years, there has been a growing awareness of the potential risks associated with drinking in the air, with many airlines implementing stricter policies and regulations in an effort to reduce incidents. "For both passengers and airline crew members, alcohol consumption during flights can be risky and lead to disruptive behaviour," said a representative for Air Transat. "This incident is a reminder that we all have a responsibility to ensure that airline travel remains safe and enjoyable for everyone." While the two women await trial, many are highlighting the need for greater education and awareness around the issue of in-flight intoxication. In a recent statement, the International Air Transport Association emphasized the importance of taking a proactive approach to promoting responsible drinking on flights. "Alcohol-related incidents during flights remain a concern for the industry," the association said. "We continue to work with our member airlines to identify best practices and policies that can help prevent these incidents from occurring in the first place." Overall, the incident serves as a powerful reminder of the potential risks associated with excessive alcohol consumption during flights. With airlines facing increasing pressure to promote safety and security, it is clear that more needs to be done to address this issue and ensure that both passengers and crew can feel safe in the air.