article: Wayne Rooney admits his place in the England team is not guaranteed ahead of Thursday’s crucial clash with Uruguay. Roy Hodgson and his players feel they must beat the South Americans to regain control of their World Cup destiny after Saturday’s 2-1 loss to Italy. With Hodgson confident that Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain will be available after a knee injury, Rooney’s starting place cannot be taken for granted. VIDEO Scroll down for Sportsmail's Neil Ashton and Charles Sale reflecting on Italy defeat . Under pressure: Wayne Rooney shows his frustration after missing a chance against Italy . Feeling the heat: Rooney cools down in the jungle heat as England gallantly lost to Italy in Manaus . ‘I’ve never felt that,’ said Rooney. ‘Why would I feel my place in the team is guaranteed? I work hard to try and get into that team. I’ve never said my place is guaranteed. I don’t expect to play. ‘We have got a lot of good, young players. We all give the manager different options and whoever he picks then I’m sure we will all respect that.’ Rooney insisted he made a positive contribution against Italy. ‘I was involved in the game, could have scored, created the goal and I felt I had an influence,’ he said. Involved: Rooney created England's goal and had a glorious chance to level the match . Waiting in the wings: Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain (left) could take Rooney's place in Sao Paulo . Of Thursday’s clash with Uruguay, beaten 3-1 by Costa Rica on Saturday, Rooney said: ‘We need the three points. It will have the feel of a do-or-die game. We know if we lose we are all but out, so we have to be positive. ‘We went at Italy, lost two goals at bad times and couldn’t recover. We didn’t get the result but we are trying to be positive and play the right football. We can win our next two games and will give it a good go.’
highlights: Rooney's performance against Italy has divided opinion as the striker continued his World Cup scoring drought . ‘Why would I feel my place in the team is guaranteed? I work hard to try and get into that team. I’ve never said my place is guaranteed. I don’t expect to play,' he said . Boss Roy Hodgson is confident Oxlade-Chamberlain will be fit for the crunch Group D encounter . Rooney admits the game is do-or-die .
id: 52096e44567a1cfda9e32fb529c40d364aea4a5e
chatgpt: England's Wayne Rooney delivered a lackluster performance against Italy in the World Cup Group D opener, leading to divided opinions on whether he deserves a starting place in the team. Despite not scoring in any of his last nine World Cup games, Rooney maintains that he must continue to work hard to earn his position. "Why would I feel my place in the team is guaranteed? I work hard to try and get into that team. I’ve never said my place is guaranteed. I don’t expect to play," Rooney said.  England manager Roy Hodgson is confident that Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain will be fit for the next match against Uruguay after the midfielder suffered a knee injury in training.  England face a do-or-die situation after their loss to Italy, and Rooney acknowledges the significance of the upcoming match.  "It's a big game. It's a game that we know we have to win. But we have to be positive," he said. Despite some criticism from fans and experts alike, Rooney's place in the starting lineup for the match against Uruguay is uncertain. While captain Steven Gerrard has voiced his support for Rooney, some are calling for 21-year-old Raheem Sterling to replace him.  "The team hasn't been picked for the Uruguay game yet. We have a few days before that," Hodgson said in response to the debate.  Meanwhile, Uruguay will be without their star striker Luis Suarez, who underwent knee surgery just weeks before the tournament. Nevertheless, the team is formidable, and the match is expected to be a nail-biter.  England will need to up their game if they hope to make it to the knockout stages of the tournament, and Rooney will be hoping to play a pivotal role in propelling his team to victory. But with the pressure on and questions about his place in the team, the striker will need to rise to the occasion and prove his worth on the pitch.