article: Politicians make good liars because they manage to convince themselves they are telling the truth, a study has revealed. And this has also made it easier to hoodwink the public because the best liars are the ones who do not realise they are lying, said the study. From Watergate to weapons of mass destruction (WMD), world leaders have been guilty of untruths whether it is blatant lies or honest mistakes, it claims. Politicians make good liars because they convince themselves they are telling the truth, new research suggests. The researchers say examples include Bill Clinton (left) lying about his affair with Monica Lewinsky and Richard Nixon claiming innocence over the Watergate scandal which brought him down . But they may have fooled themselves into believing, for instance, that Iraq had WMD because it is what they wanted to believe, said political professor Dr Anna Galeotti. Other examples include President Bill Clinton denying his affair with Monica Lewinsky and Richard Nixon claiming his innocence over the Watergate scandal that brought him down. In each case, politicians may have been guilty of self-deception, Dr Galeotti, of the University of Eastern Piedmont, Italy, told the journal Political Studies. Everyone has their own in-built lie detector but it is easier to spot someone who is lying deliberately than someone who is lying without, perhaps, realising it, she added. Silvio Berlusconi has been found guilty of paying for sex with an under-age dancer, called Ruby. He denies the charges . Because of this, politicians not only . lie convincingly, but are still convinced they are telling the truth . even after they have proved to have lied, the report added. And it may be more common in politics that many realised. Dr Galeotti said: ‘Self-deception is a type of motivated irrationality - the art of believing something simply because it is desired to be true when evidence points to the very opposite. ‘The more convinced is a political leader, the more convincing he or she appears. ‘A charismatic leader is persuasive in proportion to his convictions and faith; a cynical, self-interested liar is more easily detected and can hardly become a charismatic leader.’ However, it may be that those who go on to become the most successful politicians are those who have most developed the ability to deceive themselves and to believe their own lies. She said: ‘In order to sustain deception over time, one needs to be very alert, clever and consistent. ‘Some evolutionary psychologists maintain that humans have evolved sophisticated abilities of lie detector in order to counter the possibility of others' deception; hence the most efficient way of deceiving others is to believe one's lies.’
highlights: It's easier for them to convince the public as they don't realise they're lying . They fool themselves into believing what they want to believe . Examples include Bill Clinton denying his affair with Monica Lewinsky .
id: f631e00b865346d25d8ba29bf38e7a414aea5042
chatgpt: In the world of politics and entertainment, it is not uncommon for individuals to twist the truth or manipulate facts to their advantage. While some may do so intentionally, others fall into a trap of self-deception that allows them to rationalize their actions and convince others of their false narratives. One prime example of this can be seen in the infamous scandal surrounding former President Bill Clinton and his affair with Monica Lewinsky. Despite overwhelming evidence and countless testimonies confirming the affair, Clinton vehemently denied any wrongdoing, insisting that he did not have sexual relations with Lewinsky. The ease with which Clinton was able to deceive the public and deny the truth is a testament to the power of self-deception. By convincing himself that his actions were not wrong, he was able to convince others of the same, leading to a prolonged and damaging scandal that tarnished his presidency. But Clinton is not alone in his ability to fool himself and others. Across the spectrum of politics, entertainment, and business, individuals with a vested interest in their own narrative often fall into the trap of self-deception, convincing themselves that their lies are truths and that their actions are justified. In politics, this phenomenon can be seen in politicians who make promises they cannot keep, deny allegations of misconduct, or manipulate data to suit their agenda. By convincing themselves that their actions are in service of the greater good, they justify their dishonesty and deceive the public. In entertainment, the same phenomenon can be observed in celebrities who present carefully curated images of themselves, hiding their flaws and misdeeds from the public eye. By convincing themselves that their actions are justified by their fame or talent, they deceive their fans and perpetuate an unrealistic image of themselves. And in the world of business, self-deception can lead to unethical practices, misleading advertising, and even fraud. By convincing themselves that their actions are necessary for profit or success, business leaders deceive their shareholders, customers, and employees. Ultimately, the power of self-deception lies in its ability to convince even those who are lying that they are telling the truth. By blurring the lines between fact and fiction, they are able to manipulate others into accepting their version of reality, often to the detriment of the truth. As society continues to grapple with issues of honesty and integrity, it is important to recognize the dangers of self-deception and hold those who manipulate the truth accountable for their actions. Only by cultivating a culture of transparency and accountability can we hope to challenge the power of self-deception and protect ourselves from those who seek to deceive us.