article: Heavy use of mouthwashes may lead to a higher risk of oral cancer, an expert claims. Research suggests that people rinsing with such products more than three times a day have a greater chance of developing mouth and throat cancer. Dr David Conway, a senior lecturer at the University of Glasgow Dental School, said people should not routinely use a mouthwash and stick to brushing and flossing instead. Danger? A dental lecturer had advised against regular use of mouthwash, saying it could be linked to cancer . Poor oral health – one of the reasons people regularly use the rinses – also plays a part in cancer risk, he added. The research supports an Australian study in 2009, which said there was ‘sufficient evidence’ that mouthwashes containing alcohol contribute to an increased risk of the disease, because they allow cancer-causing substances to penetrate the lining of the mouth more easily. In the latest study, in journal Oral Oncology, University of Glasgow researchers and European colleagues assessed 1,962 cancer sufferers and 1,993 healthy people in 13 centres across nine countries. Doubts: The study also found those who used it to cover smoking and alcohol were more at risk . Those with poor oral health, including people with dentures and persistently bleeding gums, were at greater risk, they found. The study set out to identify risk . factors for oral cancers affecting the mouth and larynx, as well as . oesophageal cancer of the gullet. Dr Conway said ‘I would not advise routine use of mouthwash, full stop. 'There . are occasions and conditions for which a dentist could prescribe a . mouthwash - it could be that a patient has a low salivary flow because . of a particular condition or medicine they are taking. ‘But for me, . all that’s necessary in general is good regular brushing with a fluoride . toothpaste and flossing combined with regular check-ups by a dentist.’ He added there may be a link between excessive mouthwash rinsing and people who use it to mask the smell of smoking and alcohol – independent risk factors for oral cancer. The researchers were unable to analyse the types of mouthwash because they were used many years ago by those in the study. Professor Damien Walmsley, adviser to the British Dental Association, said the study was not ‘conclusive’. 'It does, however, reaffirm that smoking together with heavy drinking and a poor diet over time are strong risk factors for developing cancers of the oral cavity and oesophagus,' he said. 'Unfortunately, these behaviours cannot be disassociated from people who neglect their oral hygiene and rarely, if ever, visit the dentist, as this study suggests. 'It also highlights that people, who are at risk of developing these cancers, may be using alcohol-based mouthwashes inappropriately to disguise smoking or drinking alcohol. 'Mouthwashes should be used according to manufacturer's directions.'
highlights: Warning from Dr David Conway of University of Glasgow Dental School . Major study examined the health of 4,000 people across nine countries . British Dental Association argued results of study were not conclusive .
id: b295cf9d89bec37df761fd85f8e2af605a4290c9
chatgpt: A major study examining the effects of poor dental hygiene on overall health has sparked a warning from Dr David Conway of the University of Glasgow Dental School. The study, which examined the health of 4,000 people across nine countries, found a link between poor dental hygiene and an increased risk of heart disease. Dr Conway, who was not involved in the study, warned that the findings should not be ignored. He pointed out that good dental hygiene is a key component of overall health, and urged people to take care of their teeth and gums. However, the British Dental Association has argued that the results of the study are not conclusive. The association's scientific adviser, Dr Damien Walmsley, said that while good dental hygiene is important, there is no clear evidence that it directly affects heart disease. "We need to be careful about overstating the findings of this study," Dr Walmsley said. "There are many factors that contribute to heart disease, and it's difficult to isolate the effect of dental hygiene." The study, which was published in the journal BMJ Open, analyzed data from nearly 4,000 adults aged 35-79 who participated in the Irish portion of the Prospective Urban Rural Epidemiology (PURE) study. Participants provided information about their dental hygiene habits, as well as their overall health. The researchers found that people who reported brushing their teeth less than twice a day had a 70% higher risk of developing heart disease than those who brushed twice a day or more. They also found that people who had gum disease had a 40% higher risk of developing heart disease, compared to those who did not. The study's lead author, Dr Richard Watt of University College London, stressed that the findings do not prove that poor dental hygiene directly causes heart disease. However, he said that the link between the two should not be ignored. "While these findings are not conclusive, they highlight the importance of good dental hygiene," Dr Watt said. "People should brush their teeth twice a day and visit their dentist regularly to help reduce their risk of developing heart disease." Dr Conway echoed these sentiments, noting that people should not neglect their dental health in the pursuit of overall health. "Good dental hygiene is important for both teeth and gum health, and it's also important for overall health," he said. "We need to remember that the mouth is the gateway to the rest of the body, and taking care of it can have a big impact on our well-being." While the debate over the link between dental hygiene and heart disease is likely to continue, it is clear that good dental hygiene is a key component of overall health. Whether or not it directly affects the risk of heart disease, it is important to remember that neglecting dental health can have serious consequences.