article: By . Daniel Miller . An investigation has been launched after millions of dead shrimp were washed ashore close to two coal-fired power stations on the coast of Chile, turning the beach bright red. Environmental officials say they are investigating after dead the creatures appeared on a beach in the town of Coronel, some 330 miles south of the capital, Santiago. Local fishermen have blamed the Bocamina 1 and 2 plants owned by regional power generator Endesa, and the Santa Maria plant controlled by Chilean power company Colbun, which they say have heated the waters, endangering their livelihood. Mystery: Washed-up shrimps turn the beach red at 'Caleta Rojas' in the twon of Coronel town, some 540 km southwest of Santiago . A local shows a handful of the shrimps washed ashore. Fishermen say a nearby power station has heated the water and may be the cause of the disaster . 'I'm 69 years old and started fishing when I was nine but, as a fisherman, I never saw a disaster of this magnitude,' Gregorio Ortega told local Radio Bio Bio. Hundreds of dead crabs also washed up in the same area over the weekend. 'We're going to be collecting as much evidence as possible to determine if this is an environmental crime,' Ana Maria Aldana, prosecutor for environmental crimes, told state television. Examination: Men sift through some of the shrimps washed ashore which many believe was due to water  released form the thermoelectric plants located nearby . A local man piles up many of the shrimp that were washed ashore next to a thermoelectric powerstation in Chile . An official at Colbun declined to comment. A spokesman for Endesa said the company was aware of the issue and would issue a statement later.Chile's energy intensive mining industry is clamouring for more power. Some analysts say the country must triple its capacity in just 15 years, despite having no domestic oil or natural gas. Chile imports 97 per cent of its fossil fuels and depends largely on hydropower for electricity, creating a crisis when droughts drain reservoirs or far-away disputes affect fuel imports. Most Chileans oppose plans to develop a project to power central Chile by damming Patagonian rivers, fearing environmental damage. The HidroAysen venture is 51per cent owned by Endesa and 49 per cent owned by Colbun. Some protests against the project have turned violent.
highlights: Officials investigating after creatures appeared on beach in the town of Coronel, 330 miles south of Santiago . Fisherman have blamed two nearby coal-fired power stations which they say have heated the waters .
id: 4d5914767f6cc28ed89e5b5b3b34982d472d76a4
chatgpt: Officials are investigating after large numbers of sea creatures washed up on the beach in the town of Coronel, located approximately 330 miles south of Santiago. The mysterious appearance of these creatures has raised questions among experts and locals alike.  According to local fisherman, the creatures are likely the result of two nearby coal-fired power stations that have been heating the waters. They claim that the increased temperatures in the water are causing the creatures to emerge from deeper waters and become stranded on the beach.  The power stations deny that their operations are linked to the incident, insisting that they follow strict environmental regulations. Despite this, many people are concerned about the impact that the power stations are having on the local environment.  The creatures, which include thousands of crabs, clams, and other species, have triggered a response from the local authorities. Scientists and officials have been sent to the area to assess the situation and determine the cause of the phenomenon. They are working to identify the species of the creatures and establish the potential health risks associated with their presence.  The situation has also raised concerns about the impact of climate change on the local environment. Rising temperatures and changing weather patterns are thought to be affecting the natural habitats of many species, including those found in the waters surrounding Coronel.  Local fisherman are calling for greater oversight of the power stations and their impact on the environment. They argue that the coal-fired plants are putting the livelihoods of many people at risk, and that alternative energy sources such as wind and solar should be pursued instead.  The incident in Coronel is not an isolated case. Similar occurrences have been reported in other parts of the world, highlighting the need for greater environmental awareness and action. As our planet faces a growing number of environmental challenges, it is becoming increasingly clear that we must take urgent steps to protect the natural world and preserve the wellbeing of our planet and all its inhabitants.  In the meantime, officials are continuing their investigations into the strange occurrence on the beach in Coronel, and residents will be monitoring the situation carefully to ensure the safety of both themselves and the local environment.