article: By . Will Stewart . PUBLISHED: . 17:22 EST, 31 October 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 18:29 EST, 31 October 2013 . A surveillance plane carrying 30 US and British military personnel is stranded in Siberia after making an 'emergency landing'. The US government Boeing aircraft, which was conducting surveillance work over Russia, was forced to land in Chita, near Mongolia, due to fog at their destination. Dozens of military staff are now stuck at the airport as the plane has been barred from taking off due to a bizarre and unprecedented dispute over airport fees. Stranded in Siberia: The US government airplane is stuck at the airport after a row over fuel and service bills . ‘The plane will not leave Chita until the crew pays the technical service and refuelling bills,’ said Alexei Turskov, of Chita airport according to The Siberian Times. ‘All the computation documents have been sent to Moscow and it won't be allowed to take off until the bills for services and fuels are repaid.’ Russian news agency Itar-Tass said the Boeing made an ‘emergency landing’ in Chita after being refused its scheduled stop in Ulan-Ude, another Siberian airport, due to thick fog. The plane landed on early Thursday and is not expected to be allowed to leave immediately. A total of 30 people including the crew are staying aboard the jet, said Russian officials. ‘We satisfied some of their requests and provided a room and hot meals for them,’ said Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Anatoly Kotelnikov.  ‘They spent the night on the airport compound.’ Some of the crew - which may have included personnel with high security rankings - are understood to have remained on the plane, while others left the aircraft to use facilities supplied on ‘humanitarian grounds’ by the Russians. The dispute over airport fees appears unprecedented on such a flight. A RIA Novosti report said the crew of the Boeing aircraft were undergoing migration and border control. Foreign observation planes flying over Russia have the right to land at only two airports in the country: one in Moscow Region, and one outside the Siberian city of Ulan Ude, said the news agency. There was no immediate comment from the US or British authorities.
highlights: US government Boeing stranded in east Russia after emergency landing . Surveillance group forced to land due to extreme fog at their destination . Dozens of US and UK military staff now stuck at airport after row over fees .
id: 998d0515f198ce1153e721f4904254f237d8f0c8
chatgpt: A United States government-owned Boeing aircraft has been left stranded in the far east of Russia following an emergency landing. The surveillance group on board the aircraft were forced to make the landing due to extreme fog at their original destination. As a result, dozens of US and UK military staff are now stuck at the airport after a row over fees. The Boeing aircraft was on a surveillance mission in the region when it was forced to divert from its intended destination due to the severe fog. The aircraft, which is owned and operated by the US government, was then forced to make an emergency landing at a nearby airport in east Russia. According to reports, the landing was successful and there were no injuries to the passengers or crew. However, due to the ongoing fog and poor weather conditions, the aircraft has been unable to take off and continue its mission. This has resulted in a tense standoff between the US and Russian officials over the fees required to keep the plane at the airport. The US and UK military staff who were on board the aircraft are now stranded in east Russia, as they are unable to leave until the issue over the fees is resolved. This has caused frustration and concern for both the military and government officials involved in the incident. Local authorities have reportedly demanded high fees for the Boeing aircraft to remain at the airport. Both the US and UK governments have refused to pay the fees, leading to a diplomatic standoff with Russian officials. It is unclear when the situation will be resolved and when the military staff will be allowed to leave the airport. This incident highlights the ongoing tensions between the US and Russia, particularly in the sensitive region of east Russia. It also raises questions about the safety and security of government-owned aircraft carrying out surveillance missions in remote and challenging areas of the world. The US and UK governments have not commented on the incident, and it is unclear how they plan to resolve the situation. For now, the military staff remain stranded at the airport, with no clear end to the standoff in sight.