article: She has said it before. Now she's saying it again. "Zero Dark Thirty" filmmaker Kathryn Bigelow has written at length in an essay published in the LA Times about the scenes of torture featured in the movie, insisting once more than "depiction is not endorsement." The controversy has dogged the movie for weeks as politicians and pundits attacked the movie, which was based on screenwriter/producer Mark Boal's interviews with intelligence and military sources, for showing CIA agents beating and torturing suspects who later give up information that leads to Osama bin Laden. In the essay, Bigelow declares herself to be a pacifist who abhors the so-called "enhanced interrogation techniques" the movie shows, but says she felt obliged to put on screen the gruesome details of what was done in the name of counter-terrorism. An excerpt: . "First of all: I support every American's 1st Amendment right to create works of art and speak their conscience without government interference or harassment. As a lifelong pacifist, I support all protests against the use of torture, and, quite simply, inhumane treatment of any kind. But I do wonder if some of the sentiments alternately expressed about the film might be more appropriately directed at those who instituted and ordered these U.S. policies, as opposed to a motion picture that brings the story to the screen. Those of us who work in the arts know that depiction is not endorsement. If it was, no artist would be able to paint inhumane practices, no author could write about them, and no filmmaker could delve into the thorny subjects of our time." This comes at a critical time for the movie, which just opened nationally last weekend, coming in at first place with $24 million at the box office. It's also a strong contender for several Oscars, including best original screenplay for Boal, best actress for star Jessica Chastain, and best picture — although Bigelow was snubbed in the directing category. Her essay in the LA Times expresses things she has already stated several times. "I'm not sure I have anything new to add, but I can try to be concise and clear," she wrote. Can this help at the box office? Does it need to if it's already faring well? Will this satisfy Academy voters who may be troubled by the criticism? We'll see as it plays out. Right now, the only certainty is that sometimes in an echo chamber, you have to repeat yourself. See the original article at EW.com.
highlights: "Zero Dark Thirty" filmmaker Kathryn Bigelow writes about the scenes of torture in the movie . Bigelow insists that "depiction is not endorsement" The controversy has dogged the movie for weeks as politicians and pundits attacked the movie .
id: 2a66c0ad8278362f6728944b1a7cb935e48c3f8f
chatgpt: Academy Award-winning filmmaker Kathryn Bigelow has opened up about the controversy surrounding her movie, "Zero Dark Thirty," and the scenes of torture depicted in the film. In an op-ed for the Los Angeles Times, Bigelow addressed the critiques of her work, insisting that the depiction of torture in the movie is not an endorsement of it. The film, which chronicles the decade-long hunt for Al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden following the 9/11 attacks, has drawn criticism from politicians and pundits alike for its portrayal of enhanced interrogation techniques like waterboarding. Critics have accused the movie of glorifying torture and suggesting that it played a key role in finding bin Laden. Bigelow, however, argues that her intent was not to make a political statement, but rather to present a realistic portrayal of how the intelligence community operated in the years following 9/11. "I wanted to show that this was a very complicated, difficult, and fraught time," she wrote. "I wanted to show that these characters were under immense pressure, and that they felt they had to use any means necessary to achieve their goal." The controversy around the movie has only heightened in recent weeks, with some politicians calling for an investigation into whether the filmmakers had inappropriate access to classified information. Bigelow asserts that these claims are unfounded, saying that the filmmakers "were never privy to any inside information" and that the controversy is a distraction from the film's central theme of perseverance in the face of adversity. Despite the criticism, "Zero Dark Thirty" has received widespread acclaim from critics and audiences alike, earning five Academy Award nominations and securing Bigelow's place as one of Hollywood's most talented and controversial filmmakers. In her op-ed, Bigelow expressed hope that the movie would spark a discussion about the morality of torture and the use of enhanced interrogation techniques in the fight against terrorism. "The use of torture should be debated, questioned, and held up to the light for examination," she wrote. "But I do believe that this is a conversation worth having, and I hope that my film will contribute to that dialogue." In the end, Bigelow's op-ed offers insight into her creative process and her motivations for making "Zero Dark Thirty." While the controversy surrounding the movie may never fully die down, Bigelow's insistence that her work is not an endorsement of torture sheds light on the complexities of the real-world events that inspired the film, and raises important questions about the role of art in political discourse.