article: (CNN) -- A flurry of late birdies helped American Jason Bohn secure his second PGA Tour title at the Zurich Classic in New Orleans. The 37-year-old, who celebrated his birthday on Saturday, completed his third round at the rain-affected tournament on Sunday morning before carding a five-under 67 later in the day to secure the title. Bohn recorded birdies at three of the final four holes to finish on 18-under and stave off the challenge of second-placed Jeff Overton by two shots. He was inches away from an eagle on the last after a superb approach. "This is life changing," he told the PGA Tour Web site. "I'm probably the only guy on the PGA Tour who has got tears when he's putting out on the 18th hole. "When I hit the shot on 15 and made the great putt on 16, I knew if I stayed patient I had it." Bohn's only other tour success came at the B.C. Open in 2005 and since then he has had a number of injuries, including surgery on his back. After his triumph he said he'd told his caddie before the final round that he was planning on a quiet afternoon. "I just said I probably wouldn't say much because I'm capturing all of this," Bohn said. "I want to take this one to the grave. I want to remember every little detail that I missed on my first one." Bohn fought off the challenge of fellow American Overton, who finished second ahead of Troy Merritt, on 16-under. Meanwhile, Ian Poulter and Padraig Harrington have confirmed they will play in the European Tour's flagship PGA Championship at Wentworth, England. Both players had boycotted the event in the last two years due to the state of the greens but agreed to return after moderations to the course by South African golfer Ernie Els. Poulter told the UK Press Association: "It is a great championship and I am looking forward to checking out the modifications to the West Course which Ernie has undertaken. I am sure the changes will be for the better."
highlights: American Jason Bohn secures his second PGA Tour title in New Orleans . Bohn carded a final round of five-under to beat Jeff Overton by two shots . Ian Poulter and Padraig Harrington end boycott of PGA Championship in England .
id: e0748ef5b1bbd2a503704199f08f6e9603b7034e
chatgpt: American golfer Jason Bohn secured his second PGA Tour title with a fantastic five-under final round in the Zurich Classic of New Orleans. Bohn started the day two shots behind the overnight leader, Jeff Overton, but quickly closed the gap with birdies on holes 3 and 4. Bohn stayed consistent throughout the day, making birdies on holes 11, 12, and 18 to finish two shots clear of Overton. Bohn, who won his first title at the 2010 Zurich Classic, expressed his delight at winning again after a long struggle with injuries. "This means everything to me," he said. "I've had a tough couple of years with injuries, but I never gave up. To win again is such a great feeling." Meanwhile, European golfers Ian Poulter and Padraig Harrington have ended their boycott of the PGA Championship. The two players had refused to play in the tournament, which is being held at Wentworth in England, in protest of changes to its format. However, they have now confirmed that they will take part. "I'm delighted to be playing in the PGA Championship again," said Poulter. "It's a great tournament with a rich history, and I'm looking forward to competing against some of the best golfers in the world." Harrington echoed Poulter's sentiments, saying that he was pleased to be back in the tournament. "The changes that were made to the format didn't sit well with me, but I've had discussions with the organizers and I'm happy with the changes that have been made," he said. The PGA Championship is one of the oldest and most prestigious golf tournaments in the world. It was first held in 1901 and has been won by some of the greatest golfers in history, including Jack Nicklaus, Tiger Woods, and Rory McIlroy. With top European players like Poulter and Harrington back in the mix, this year's tournament promises to be another exciting chapter in the tournament's rich history.