article: Republicans who pressed President Barack Obama for a more coordinated federal response to the Ebola outbreak are blasting the appointment of Ron Klain, a veteran Democratic political aide, as the "Ebola czar." "This appointment is both shocking and frankly tone deaf to what the American people are concerned about," Pennsylvania Rep. Tim Murphy said in a written statement. Murphy chaired a hearing on Thursday on the federal government's response to the outbreak and said the decision to tap Klain won't calm those Americans who are worried about the spread of the disease. First on CNN: Obama will name Ron Klain as Ebola Czar . One after another, top GOP members on Capitol Hill zeroed in on Klain's campaign experience as the wrong kind of background for the post. "While the President's pick may have the ear of the White House and experience from the campaign trail, I am concerned he doesn't have significant relationships in the medical community that are imperative during this current biological emergency," House Homeland Security Committee Chairman Michael McCaul said. McCaul called on the President to rethink his selection, and instead create a permanent position within the government to coordinate the response. Another Texas Republican wasn't impressed, either. "We don't need another so-called 'czar'; we need presidential leadership. This is a public health crisis, and the answer isn't another White House political operative," Sen. Ted Cruz said in a statement. A former chief of staff to Vice President Joe Biden and also to then-Vice President Al Gore, Klain is currently president of Case Holdings and general counsel of Revolution, an investment group. He has clerked for the U.S. Supreme Court and headed up Gore's effort during the 2000 Florida recount. Midterm campaigns swing through Ebola hearing . House Foreign Affairs Committee Chairman Ed Royce, R-California, also questioned Klain's credentials, asking in a written statement, "why the President didn't pick an individual with a noteworthy infectious disease or public health background?" But the White House defended the choice, saying it's not just about medical expertise. Secretary Josh Earnest told reporters, "That's why somebody with Mr. Klain's credentials, somebody that has strong management experience, both inside government, but also in the private sector, he's somebody that has strong relationships with members of Congress and, obviously, strong relationships with those of us who worked with him here at the White House earlier in the administration." GOP Sen. John McCain of Arizona suggested on CNN last Sunday that the administration needed one point person.  "... I would say we don't know exactly who's in charge. There has to be some kind of czar," McCain said. But the White House initially resisted the idea, and pointed out that McCain said in 2009 that the Obama administration had "more czars than the Romanovs." Kerry sends out call to arms on the Ebola crisis .
highlights: Republicans are against the president's decision to appoint Ron Klain as the "Ebola czar" Several say Klain's campaign experience is the wrong kind of background for the position . Sen. Ted Cruz: "...  the answer isn't another White House political operative" WH says Klain has strong management experience and connections in Washington .
id: 074b54dc0e9c1493af207e40f37ab5d0da9d98f0
chatgpt: The White House's decision to appoint Ron Klain as the Ebola response coordinator or the Ebola czar, as he is commonly known, has drawn criticism from Republican politicians. Several Republicans have questioned Klain's suitability for the position, citing his political background as a potential impediment to successfully managing the Ebola outbreak. Sen. Ted Cruz, a Republican from Texas, has been particularly critical of Klain's appointment. Speaking to reporters on Capitol Hill on Thursday, Cruz said that the decision to appoint Klain was evidence of the Obama administration's incompetence in handling the Ebola crisis. "We don't need another White House political operative," Cruz said. "I think the American people deserve to know why the president has chosen to appoint someone who has no background or expertise in public health or infectious diseases." Other Republicans echoed Cruz's concerns, arguing that it is troubling to see the White House turn to a political insider to manage a public health emergency. Some critics also pointed to Klain's role in the 1990s as a spokesperson for then-Vice President Al Gore during the Clinton administration's efforts to address the outbreak of mad cow disease. While there is no doubt that Klain has extensive experience in D.C. politics, some are questioning whether his background and expertise are the right fit for the role of Ebola czar. Republicans have criticized the White House's choice, arguing that what is needed is someone with more experience in public health and infectious disease management. The White House, however, has defended Klain's selection, citing his strong management experience and deep connections in Washington. President Obama himself defended Klain's appointment on Thursday, telling reporters that he has known Klain for years and trusts his judgment. "Ron is an exceptional manager and an able problem-solver," Obama said. "He is someone who has the skills and expertise necessary to ensure that we are doing everything we can to keep Americans safe." Klain, for his part, has sought to downplay concerns about his background and qualifications. In an interview with NBC News on Thursday, he stressed that his role as Ebola czar would be to coordinate the federal government's response to the outbreak and work with local officials to help contain the virus. "I'm not a doctor, I'm not a scientist," Klain said. "But I am someone who has a lot of experience managing complex organizations and projects in Washington." Klain's appointment as Ebola czar comes amid growing concern about the spread of the deadly virus. Just this week, a second healthcare worker in Texas was diagnosed with Ebola after treating a patient who later died from the virus. The news has renewed fears about the potential for a widespread outbreak in the United States. Despite the criticism from Republicans, Klain's appointment has been largely welcomed by public health officials and other experts, who say that what is needed right now is someone with strong management skills who can coordinate the efforts of various federal agencies and local officials. "Ron Klain is a good choice for this role," said Dr. Amesh Adalja, an infectious disease specialist at the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center. "He has the right background and experience to help coordinate the response to the Ebola outbreak and ensure that we are doing everything we can to prevent the spread of the virus." Ultimately, it remains to be seen whether Klain will be able to effectively manage the federal government's response to the Ebola outbreak. But with the virus continuing to spread both in Africa and in the United States, it is clear that something needs to be done to help contain the virus and prevent a wider outbreak. And for now, at least, Ron Klain is the man tasked with that responsibility.