article: By . James Gordon . The owner of a popular Los Angeles taco shop was killed on Monday as he tried to protect his family. Jose Padilla was fatally shot at his Lynwood taco shop just after midnight. The 65-year-old was taken to a local hospital where he later died. His daughter said that he was trying to protect his family. Scroll down for video... Killed: The fatal shooting of 65-year-old father Jose Padilla was under investigation on Monday, the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department said . Devastated: Padilla's family is offering a reward of their own money for information on who killed him just after Father's Day . Mr Padilla had run began the La Playita taco shop 17 years ago. He was closing the shop for the night with members of his family when three men with guns entered. Miriam Padilla’s husband and brother-in-law were at the restaurant and said Jose Padilla grabbed his .38-caliber pistol in an effort to protect the family. 'He was like me; we don’t go down without a fight,' Miriam Padilla told KTLA. The father of six and grandfather of 11 was shot around 10 times in the chest. 'I would always tell him, just let them take the money,' she said. 'Who cares? The money can be replaced. Your life can’t.' Livelihood: The 65-year-old was taken to a local hospital where he later died. He started the La Playita taco shop 17 years ago . 'He was the rock of this place,' she said through tears. 'It meant so much to him, it meant everything to him. Everything. He had this place and his family. It meant to the world to that man.' 'He died in the place that he most loved. He started 15 years ago with just $5,000 in his pocket, him and my mother' she said. 'They worked really hard for this.' Padilla's family is offering a reward of their own money for information on who killed him just after Father's Day. Family members believe the three men followed Padilla from his other restaurant in Compton. Investigators are now reviewing surveillance video from the restaurant for additional clues. Tribute: The family said they have turned over surveillance video to detectives, but the sheriff's department has not yet released a detailed suspect description or what kind of car the gunmen got away in . Brutal slaying: Jose Padilla was closing the store for the night with four relatives when three men with guns entered shooting him up to 10 times in the chest . 'Detectives have learned that the victim was confronted inside (his) seafood restaurant by three armed black males, when he was shot,' according to a sheriff's department statement. The gunmen were described only as three black men who fled the crime scene in a vehicle, according to the Sheriff’s Department. Anyone with information about the shooting was urged to call the Sheriff’s Department’s Homicide Bureau at 323-890-5500.
highlights: Jose Padilla, 65, was attacked by three armed men as he was closing up his restaurant, La Playita, around 2 a.m. A neighbor heard between five and seven shots fired and found Padilla shot. He died later at hospital . The family have turned over surveillance video to detectives, but the sheriff's department has not yet released a detailed suspect description .
id: c79069da439f977b5d944928100a557f93262732
chatgpt: In the early morning hours of Monday, tragedy struck La Playita, a popular restaurant in a quiet neighborhood in Southern California. Around 2 a.m., owner Jose Padilla, 65, was attacked by three armed men as he was closing up shop for the night. According to a neighbor who heard the commotion, between five and seven shots were fired before Padilla was found shot and lying on the ground. Despite being rushed to the hospital, Padilla later succumbed to his injuries and passed away. The attack has left the community shocked and saddened, as Padilla was known for his friendly demeanor and delicious food at La Playita. Many customers have taken to social media to express their condolences and share fond memories of Padilla. Preliminary investigations suggest that the attack was a targeted one and not a random act of violence. The family of Padilla has turned over surveillance footage to detectives, in hopes of identifying the perpetrators. However, the Sheriff's department has not yet released a detailed suspect description. Residents in the area are understandably shaken by this tragic event, and many are calling for increased security measures to be implemented in the neighborhood. Some have expressed concern over a recent uptick in crime in the area, and are urging authorities to take action. Friends and family of Padilla are still trying to process the sudden loss and are planning to hold a memorial in his honor. Padilla was well-loved in the community and many are struggling to come to terms with his passing. Local authorities are urging anyone with information about the incident to come forward and help the investigation. Detectives are currently combing through the surveillance footage and working closely with the family to identify the suspects. As the investigation into this tragic event continues, the community is coming together to mourn the loss of Jose Padilla. His kindness and warmth will be deeply missed by all who knew him, and his legacy will live on through the memories of those whose lives he touched.