article: By . Thomas Durante . PUBLISHED: . 15:06 EST, 13 November 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 08:38 EST, 14 November 2012 . As if the 'All In' title wasn't controversial enough for the David Petraeus biography written by his mistress, a news station ran a fake book cover during a broadcast - with a few unfortunate words added. The blunder occurred during ABC's Denver affiliiate KMGH-TV's 5pm news broadcast yesterday, when the image of Paula Broadwell's All In: The Education of David Petraeus, appeared alongside a recent video of her speaking. But the title of the book had been altered to say: 'All Up in My S*****.' Scroll down for video . Mistake: Paula Broadwell's book appeared on a news broadcast yesterday with several unfortunate words added . Scandal: Gen Petraeus resigned as head of the CIA after revealing that he had engaged in an affair with Broadwell, pictured here with her book . The photo pops up as one of the top images when doing a Google search of the words 'All In' and 'Broadwell,' which is likely what the editor searched for. The photo links to DeathandTaxesmag.com, which had removed the image by Tuesday morning - but republished it later in the day. In a story on KMGH-TV's own website, news director Jeff Harris called the incident 'a regrettable and an embarrassing error.' He added: ‘We are mortified this appeared during our 5 p.m. news broadcast.  The editor pulled the image of the book cover from the internet without realizing it had been doctored. The real deal: To write All In, Broadwell spent the last few years following Petraeus around and interviewing him . More than friends: As news of the infidelity scandal broke, the 'All In' title of the book has been called out as an early indication of what Petraeus and Broadwell were up to . 'We sincerely regret the error and have corrected the story to avoid any recurrence of its broadcast.  We are following up internally as well to avoid a repeat of this inexcusable oversight.' There was no mention of the editor's name, or whether he or she will be keeping their job. As news of the story broke, the title of the book has been called out as an early indication of what Petraeus and Broadwell were up to. Last night, Daily Show host Jon Stewart joked that the title should have been 'Who Has Two Thumbs and Is Banging His Biographer?' It's 'All In' the title: Jon Stewart suggested an alternate name for the biography that Broadwell wrote . Watch video here .
highlights: Denver ABC affiliate shows Photoshopped cover of Paula Broadwell's Petraeus biography with a dirty word added . Petraeus resigned as CIA director after admitting that he and Broadwell had been having an extramarital affair . Some have pointed to the 'All In' title as a direct indication of what Petraeus and Broadwell were up to .
id: d84462bf3e2534e2ffedbfb468eba76950d4523a
chatgpt: In a shocking move, a Denver-based ABC affiliate recently showed a Photoshopped cover of Paula Broadwell's biography of David Petraeus. The images were altered to include a filthy word in the title. The move is being criticized as a tasteless way to capitalize on the scandal that erupted when Petraeus resigned as CIA director after admitting to an extramarital affair with Broadwell. The book, titled "All In," has been seen by some as a direct indication of what Petraeus and Broadwell were up to. The Photoshopped version of the cover, which was displayed during a segment on the scandal, has drawn criticism from many quarters. Some have called the move an attempt to make light of what is a very serious situation. Others have suggested that it is another example of media outlets exploiting the personal lives of public figures for ratings and clicks. The controversy over Petraeus and Broadwell began in November of 2012, when news of their affair first broke. At the time, Petraeus was still serving as the head of the CIA, a position he had held for just over a year. Broadwell, who had co-authored the biography of the general with former Washington Post editor Vernon Loeb, was also married. Both Petraeus and Broadwell have since apologized for their behavior, and Petraeus resigned from his position at the CIA just three days after the affair was made public. However, the fallout from the scandal has continued to linger, with both Petraeus and Broadwell facing ongoing scrutiny from the media and the public. The decision by the Denver-based ABC affiliate to display the Photoshopped cover of Broadwell's book is just the latest example of this ongoing attention. While some may view it as a harmless attempt at humor, others see it as yet another instance of media outlets exploiting personal pain for ratings and clicks. Regardless of where one falls on the issue, it is clear that the Petraeus/Broadwell affair will continue to be a topic of discussion for some time to come. As more details emerge about the relationship and its aftermath, it seems likely that the media will continue to cover it, in all its sordid detail. Whether this is a positive or negative thing is up for debate, but it is clear that the story is not going away anytime soon.