article: A mysterious disease is killing dogs across Britain, vets have warned. Pet owners have been urged to look out for the disease - which so far has no name - if their dogs start to forming lesions on their lower legs. Warning posters were yesterday put up in popular dog walking parts of the New Forest, Hampshire. So far 16 dogs have died in the last year - nine in Hampshire, and seven in other parts of the country including Cornwall, Surrey, Worcestershire and County Durham. Tests: Vets are fighting to find what disease is crippling and killing dogs across the UK (stock image) Dogs which have been killed by the disease develop lesions on the lower legs followed by kidney failure between two and seven days later. Vet David Walker said that the deaths have similarities to a disease called Alabama rot which was first reported in the United States in the 1980s. He said Alabama rot was caused by toxins from the E. coli bacteria - but this had not yet been traced in the UK. Mr Walker, from Anderson Moores Veterinary Specialists in Hursley, near Winchester, told the BBC: 'The advice I would give to the pet-owning general public is if you see a wound on your dog's leg, where you might ordinarily leave that for 12 to 24 hours, the advice would be to take your dog to the vets. 'Most vets are now aware of the condition so seek early veterinary attention.' British Veterinary Association president Robin Hargreaves said: 'Dog owners in these regions will feel understandably anxious about the recent cases but it seems that only a very small proportion of the dogs walked in these areas each day have been affected. 'Owners should make sure they are aware of the signs and symptoms and contact their vet immediately if they have any concerns.' A Forestry Commission spokesman said that the cause of the deaths had not yet been confirmed and added that signs had been put up to advise dog owners to look out for the symptoms. He said: 'There have been a few as yet unexplained incidents in the New Forest and the Forestry Commission is working closely with vets and putting up notices to inform the public. 'Owners should always keep their dogs under close control and be aware of anything they may pick up, chew or eat in a woodland area. If their dog becomes ill they should contact a vet as soon as possible with as much information as they can.' The sign says: 'Dog owners are advised to look out for wounds or lesions on the limbs or face of their dog which will not heal. Affected dogs then go on to develop signs of severe depression, loss of appetite and vomiting, quickly accompanied by acute injury to the kidneys.'
highlights: The nameless disease gives dog lesions on their lower legs, experts warn . 9 died in Hampshire; 7 in Cornwall, Surrey, Worcestershire, County Durham . Vets claim similar to illness in US called Alabama rot first seen in 1980s .
id: 0fa1880423dbc9ddc4c6cf530d695d23a4e1c0eb
chatgpt: In a concerning development, veterinary experts are warning pet owners of a new disease that is affecting dogs in the UK, causing lesions on their lower legs that can ultimately prove fatal. The disease, which currently has no name, has claimed the lives of 9 dogs in Hampshire alone, with a further 7 spread across Cornwall, Surrey, Worcestershire, and County Durham. According to vets, the disease has similarities to a condition called Alabama rot that was first identified in the United States during the 1980s. That said, veterinarian professionals have noted that they are not entirely sure whether it is the same disease or an entirely new one. Nevertheless, they are urging pet owners to be vigilant and look out for symptoms of the illness, which typically manifest in the form of unexplained swelling or sores on the dog's legs, paws or face. Following reports of dogs being afflicted with the illness, vets have been urging pet owners to remain cautious and keep a close eye on their dogs when out walking. Owners should also keep their dogs on leads in areas where other dogs have been seen to have developed the illness, such as densely wooded areas. In Hampshire, the Forestry Commission has put up notices warning dog owners of the dangers of the mysterious disease in several locations. Likewise, the New Forest Dog Owners Group have issued similar advice, urging pet owners to be mindful of their surroundings when out on walks. The outbreak of this illness has raised concerns, with some claiming it is a sign that further diseases or infections could spread between animals in a similar manner. The outbreak is also a warning for pet owners to pay more attention to their pets' health and well-being. The Royal Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (RSPCA) also urged vigilant pet owners, reminding them that any unusual signs or symptoms of illnesses should be promptly reported to a veterinarian. Early detection is key in protecting pets from any serious illnesses, the RSPCA said. The cause of the disease is currently unknown, leaving officials scrambling to find a solution. In the meantime, concerned pet owners should work with their local veterinarian to take any necessary steps to protect their pet's health. Despite the rising concern, efforts are underway to fight the disease. Vets and scientists are working to understand the illness, with many calling for more funding to advance the search for a cure. It remains unclear if the disease will continue to spread, or if it is confined to only the UK. While it is impossible to fully protect pets from every illness or disease, pet owners can take preventative measures to ensure their dog is healthy and safe. In light of the recent outbreak, veterinarians are urging pet owners to take heightened caution when taking their pets out for walks, especially in wooded areas where the disease is more commonly found.