article: By . Louise Boyle . A socialite has been charged with defrauding millions of dollars from the trust fund of a 92-year-old close friend who suffers from dementia. Nancy Tsai, 66, a former darling of the Toronto charity circuit where she was known as a 'Glitter Girl', was arrested last week in Florida for allegedly scamming money from Helga Marston, who has been her friend for 40 years. Tsai, the ex-wife of the late billionaire investor Gerald Tsai, is accused of using her ailing friend's riches to buy a $2.3million beachfront penthouse condo, a $170,000 Bentley, a $28,000 private jet day-trip from Florida to Canada and a $7,000 dinner at Cafe L'Europe in Palm Beach. Nancy Tsai, 66, a charity socialite, has been charged with defrauding millions of dollars from her 92-year-old friend's trust fund in Palm Beach, Florida . Tsai, the founder of the Canadian Breast Cancer Foundation, was Martson's trustee and had power of attorney. Tsai's daughter E. Sarah Paul was the beneficiary of Marston’s most recent will. Tsai was pictured in 2009 with Ms Martson at a lavish charity ball in Palm Beach, Florida, according to the New York Social Diary. Police told the New York Post that Tsai was having an affair with Dennis Melchior who was the broker of the trust until he lost his job at UBS last year. Melchior denied any wrongdoing and said that Ms Marston, who has 'zero mental capacity' and lives in a nursing home, benefited from the money being spent. Tsai was arrested on April 22 at her beachfront home. After nine hours in custody, she was released on $30,000 bond. Ms Tsai rose to prominence in the 1980s when she was part of a group of women in Toronto who threw over-the-top charity fundraisers using their husbands' extreme wealth. Helga Marston (pictured right) with Nancy Tsai (left) and friend Stephen Lindsay at a lavish charity bash in Palm Beach, Florida in 2009. Tsai was arrested last week after she allegedly scammed millions from Ms Marston . According to one Canadian social columnist, fashion designer Valentino even attended a lavish party at Nancy's home in 1986. Nancy Paul met her first husband, real estate mogul Vincent Paul, when she was an air hostess on Air Canada in 1966. Mr Paul died in 1996. She then went on to marry billionaire investor Gerald Tsai but the couple divorced in 2006. Mr Tsai died two years later. MailOnline was awaiting a comment from Tsai's attorney. Ms Tsai allegedly spent $7,000 on a meal at Cafe L'Europe in Palm Beach, Florida using money from her elderly friend's trust fund .
highlights: Nancy Tsai, 66, a former darling of the Toronto charity circuit where she was known as a 'Glitter Girl', was arrested last week . The ex-wife of late billionaire Gerald Tsai, is accused of using her friend's riches to buy a $7,000 dinner at Cafe . L'Europe in Palm Beach . Tsai was known as a 'Glitter Girl' of Toronto society in the 1980s and once hosted a party attended by fashion designer Valentino .
id: d7fa104bedd29e2980a9bc731398199b4429caec
chatgpt: Nancy Tsai, a former socialite and ex-wife of billionaire Gerald Tsai, has been arrested in connection with alleged financial wrongdoing. Tsai was a darling of the Toronto charity circuit in the 1980s, where she was known as a 'Glitter Girl' for her glamorous lifestyle and connections to high society. According to reports, Tsai is accused of using her friend's funds to purchase a lavish dinner at Cafe L'Europe in Palm Beach, which reportedly cost $7,000. The specifics about how she allegedly acquired her friend's funds remain unclear.  The scandal has come to light decades after Tsai was known for hosting some of the most exclusive parties in Toronto. She was known to have close friends in high places, including fashion designer Valentino, who attended one of her parties. Tsai's fall from grace has shocked many. The Toronto society, in particular, has been greatly disappointed by her alleged actions. The accusations of financial impropriety stand in sharp contrast to her previous reputation as a philanthropist and socialite.  The media has been quick to capitalise on the story. Some have dubbed Tsai's fall from grace as a cautionary tale for those who seek to live a lavish lifestyle on other people's money.  The legal ramifications of the allegations against Tsai are yet to be determined in court. However, the allegations have already had a significant impact on her reputation. The Toronto society, in particular, has been buzzing with the news about her alleged deeds.  Tsai has not made any public statements about the allegations leveled against her. Her lawyer has not yet commented on the matter either. It is unclear when or if Tsai will be making an appearance in court to defend herself against the accusations.  The story of Nancy Tsai's fall from grace has taken the Toronto society by storm. The details of the alleged financial improprieties are still emerging. But the story serves as a sober reminder of the risks of overindulgence and extravagance. As the case drags on, many will be watching eagerly to see what the outcome will be.