article: White Lodging -- a company that maintains Hilton, Marriott, Sheraton and Westin hotel franchises -- has apparently suffered a data breach that exposed guests' credit and debit card information in 2013, independent security researcher Brian Krebs said. Banking industry sources noticed fraud among hundreds of cards that had been previously used at Marriott hotels, wrote Krebs, who first reported that Target had suffered a massive data breach around Black Friday last year. "But those same sources said they were puzzled by the pattern of fraud, because it was seen only at specific Marriott hotels, including locations in Austin, Chicago, Denver, Los Angeles, Louisville and Tampa," Krebs wrote. "Turns out, the common thread among all of those Marriott locations is that they are managed" by White Lodging, he said. White Lodging, based in Merrillville, Indiana, issued a statement Monday saying the breach occurred from March 20 to December 16 and affected only people who used their credit cards in the affected hotels' restaurants and bars. The 14 hotels include Marriott, Radisson, Renaissance, Sheraton, Westin and Holiday Inn franchises around the country. Marriott said it will continue to monitor the situation. "We are working closely with the franchise management company as they investigate the matter," spokesman Jeff Flaherty said. "Because the suspected breach did not impact any systems that Marriott owns or controls, we do not have additional information to provide." White Lodging is just the latest American business to investigate a security breach. The hacking of Target's systems could be the largest breach in U.S. retail history. It affected up to 110 million customers, including 40 million credit and debit cards and up to 70 million customers' personal information. CNNMoney: Tips for Target customers . The retailer discovered the breach in mid-December, notified customers several days later, and launched an investigation with the help of a private security firm and law enforcement. Since Target's disclosure, high-end retailer Neiman Marcus announced more than 1 million customer cards were compromised in a breach last summer. And last month, crafts retailer Michaels said its systems may have been breached. It isn't immediately clear if these possible attacks are related. Security experts have warned it is likely other companies were targeted by the hackers who hit Target. U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder spoke about a federal investigation at a Senate hearing last week. "We are committed to working to find not only the perpetrators of these sorts of data breaches, but also any individuals and groups who exploit that data via credit card fraud," Holder said. Store credentials blamed in Target breach .
highlights: Krebs: Banking sources noticed fraud on the cards of hundreds of past Marriott guests . Each of those hotels are managed by White Lodging, which maintains hotel franchises . White Lodging says an investigation is underway . Krebs also exposed the Target data breach that affected up to 110 million customers .
id: 65afae6671fe8919b6e75cdcf9ba3c59616a8733
chatgpt: An investigation is underway into a possible data breach affecting hundreds of past Marriott guests who stayed at hotels managed by White Lodging, according to banking sources who have spotted fraudulent charges on the cards used by those guests. Brian Krebs, a well-known cyber security journalist, reported the news on his blog, KrebsOnSecurity. White Lodging, a hotel management company that runs franchises of Marriott, Hilton and other hotel chains, said that it is investigating the matter with the help of external experts. "We will provide meaningful information as soon as it becomes available," White Lodging said in a statement. Brian Krebs has been a trusted source of information when it comes to data breaches, having previously exposed the infamous Target data breach in which as many as 110 million customers' personal and financial data was compromised. Krebs has highlighted the vulnerability of the hotel industry before, pointing out that hotel computer systems could be a ripe target for cyber criminals. "It's possible that White Lodging's point-of-sale registers were infected with the same type of malicious software that stole card data from thousands of Target stores nationwide in a data breach that lasted from November 27, 2013 to December 15, 2013," Krebs said in his blog post. He added that there is not yet any confirmation that the malware involved was the same type as that used in the Target data breach. Marriott, for its part, said that its systems were not affected by the possible data breach at White Lodging. "We are working closely with the franchisee as they investigate the matter," Marriott said in a statement. "Because the suspected breach did not impact Marriott systems, we have no information that would enable us to identify or authenticate the information speculating about the cause or scope of the suspected breach." The news of the possible data breach is another headache for Marriott, which already suffered a massive data breach in 2018 that exposed the personal information of as many as 500 million guests. The breach was one of the largest in history and prompted investigations by regulators and lawmakers. Cyber security experts have long warned about the vulnerabilities of the hospitality industry, which often relies on outdated hardware and software as well as weak security measures. The possible data breach at White Lodging reinforces the need for hotel chains to take cyber security seriously and invest in the latest technologies and practices to protect their customers' data.