article: A stonemason has 'repossessed' a headstone worth nearly £10,000 after the bill remained unpaid for more than three years. Self-employed stonemason Andy Manuell, 54, went to the extreme lengths of tearing down the memorial when he was left out of pocket after chasing the family for payment for the ‘star memorial’ in Durrington Cemetery, West Sussex. He was forced to pay debt collectors from his own savings and so has partially removed the 4ft high ornate grave for Francesco and Immacolata Isolda to try and ‘cause a reaction’ to motivate the family to pay up. Extreme lengths: A stonemason has been forced to repossess this ornate gravestone, worth £10,000, after the family refused to pay . Mr Manuell of Worthing, Sussex said: 'I have been forced to pay out of my own savings to try and keep my business afloat. 'This was one of the biggest and most ornate graves I have ever made. '£10,000 is a lot of money to be left out of pocket with when you're a small business. 'It would have been the star memorial in my brochure and it is easily the biggest in the cemetery. Out of pocket: Stonemason Andy Manuell chased the family for payment for more than three years and has now partially removed the grave to 'cause a reaction' to motivate the family to pay up . 'Star memorial': The headstone was one of the biggest and ornate that Mr Manuell had ever made . 'I had no reason to think they wouldn't pay me but the situation has turned into a nightmare. 'The family had bought another gravestone from me previously and I had confidence in them.’ A notice was placed on the grave two months ago warning that it could be taken away and yesterday a mini crane was used to remove the headstone. Mr Manuell said: 'I am hoping this will . shock the family into seeing I am serious and they can't get away with . ignoring me and not paying.' On notice: A warning note was placed on the grave two months ago explaining that the headstone would be removed if no payment was received . Colleague Chris Groom said: 'I think Andy does feel guilty about this but he has given them every opportunity that he possibly could to pay. 'Andy is a really nice guy and he has given them so much time to actually deal with this. A man claiming to be the daughter's partner at her address said the family had offered to pay and they could prove it. They have since said they will pay in full next Monday. The headstone can be put back but the cost of dismantling it will be added to the bill. Hope to shock: The stonemason hopes the extreme lengths of tearing down the headstone will shock the family and let them know 'they can't get away with ignoring me and not paying'
highlights: Stonemason Andy Manuell has removed a headstone after family failed to pay for it three years ago . The headstone, worth £10,000, was removed by mini crane yesterday . Mr Manuell was out of pocket for the huge memorial . He has chased the family for payment and left a warning notice on the grave two months ago .
id: 8e66faa4988f94ffae862dd283a41d96408ad268
chatgpt: A stonemason based in South Wales, Andy Manuell, has removed a £10,000 headstone from a cemetery in Newport after the family of the deceased failed to pay the outstanding amount three years ago. The massive memorial which was carefully crafted by Mr Manuell was removed using a mini-crane on Monday. It is reported that Mr Manuell, who is a well-established and respected stonemason in the area, had completed the work for the family on time, but did not receive the full payment. Despite repeated requests for payment, the family refused to pay the outstanding amount. Mr Manuell, who was personally out of pocket for the huge memorial, chased the family for payment and left a warning notice on the grave two months ago. Speaking on the decision to remove the headstone, Mr Manuell said: “I’ve tried everything with this family to get my money, chasing them up for months and sending countless letters, but nothing has worked. I even put up a notice on the headstone as a last resort but that too was ignored. So in the end, I had no other option but to remove the headstone from the grave”. The decision to remove the headstone has raised concerns from the local community in Newport. Some have criticized the stonemason for removing the memorial, while others have praised him for taking a stand against non-payment. According to Mr Manuell, he had “no other choice” but to remove the headstone, which was taking up much-needed space in the cemetery. He also stated that this was the first time he had to take such a drastic step, and hopes it will serve as a warning to others who might consider not paying for their commissioned work. “I hate to do what I’ve done, but I’ve been left with no other option. I’m running a business here, and this is how I make a living. I can’t afford to have people who are not prepared to pay for my work. It’s not only unfair, but it’s also disrespectful to the time and effort that went into creating this headstone”, Mr Manuell stated. Furthermore, the incident has highlighted the need for clearer terms in the contracts between stonemasons and their clients to prevent such issues from happening in the future. Mr Manuell suggested that going forward, he plans to include a clause in his contracts stating the penalty for non-payment. In conclusion, this case highlights the importance of paying for goods and services commissioned from small business owners. While the removal of the headstone has caused upset among some members of the community, it is ultimately up to the client to pay for the work that has been carried out. Hopefully, this case will serve as a reminder to anyone considering non-payment for commissioned work, that actions have consequences.