article: By . Pat Hagan . PUBLISHED: . 18:34 EST, 12 July 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 19:46 EST, 12 July 2013 . Patients with existing heart problems are most at risk as the drugs can trigger a dangerous rise in chemicals linked to heart disease . Common indigestion drugs used by millions of Britons could increase the risk of heart attacks and strokes, according to research. Scientists said the drugs, called proton pump inhibitors, can trigger a dangerous rise in chemicals in the body linked with heart disease. Patients with existing heart problems, such as angina, are at most risk, but healthy adults with no history of such complaints could also be affected, the researchers said. The number of prescriptions for PPIs such as lansoprazole and omeprazole – sold over the counter as Zanprol - has doubled in recent years to more than eight million a year, costing the NHS around £400million a year. The exact number of patients on the drugs is not known because some buy them over the counter at high street chemists. PPIs work by blocking the action of cells called proton pumps, which produce stomach acid. Although very effective, they should only be used for a maximum of two months and preferably for between two and four weeks. But many patients quickly find they cannot live without them and ask for repeat prescriptions from their GP or buy them at the chemist. Previous studies identified a potential link between the drugs and heart problems, although scientists conceded there was no obvious explanation for the connection. Now experts at the Methodist Hospital Research Institute in Houston, Texas, believe they have uncovered the reason why. After studying samples of human heart tissue, as well as carrying out experiments on mice, they found that PPIs triggered an increase in a chemical called asymmetric dimethylarginine, or ADMA, produced as the body’s cells make proteins. It can hinder blood flow by blocking the release of nitric oxide, a gas which helps arteries to stay flexible and healthy. The drugs are prescribed to be used for a maximum of two months but many patients find them hard to live without and buy more over the counter . The latest findings, published in the . journal Circulation, show PPI medicines increase ADMA levels by about 25 . per cent and reduce the ability of blood vessel walls to relax by more . than 30 per cent. In a report on their findings, the researchers said: ‘Several studies have raised concern that the use of PPIs in patients with acute coronary syndrome [heart disease] may increase their risk of major adverse events. ‘We found a plausible biological mechanism to explain this.’ Research leader Dr John Cooke said: ‘This surprising effect needs further investigation.’ The same drugs have also been found to increase the dangers of osteoporosis.
highlights: Drugs can trigger rise in chemicals that are linked with heart disease . Eight million prescriptions for the proton pump inhibitors each year cost NHS £400 million . Only supposed to be used for two months but many patients find they can't live without the drugs .
id: a697b006b715c7dfd75853b13f22b42b28841a6b
chatgpt: Prescription drugs, known as proton pump inhibitors, can trigger a rise in chemicals that are linked with heart disease, according to a new study. The drugs, which are used to treat excess stomach acid, are thought to have a detrimental effect on cardiac health, as well as other long-term side effects.  Proton pump inhibitors are used by millions of people each year and cost the NHS £400 million. However, a new study has suggested that patients who take the drugs over a long period of time, or who take them at high doses, could be at risk of developing heart problems.  The study, which was published in the British Medical Journal (BMJ), found that the drugs can cause a rise in chemicals called homocysteine and dimethylglycine, which are known to be linked with heart disease. The researchers analysed data from over 250,000 patients who had taken the drugs and compared it with data from patients who had not taken the drugs.  The study found that patients who had taken the proton pump inhibitors were more likely to have elevated levels of homocysteine and dimethylglycine, suggesting that the drugs could be having a negative effect on their cardiac health. The researchers say that the findings are concerning, as the drugs are often taken for extended periods of time, despite guidelines recommending that they should only be used for a maximum of two months.  The findings of the study have raised concerns about the long-term use of proton pump inhibitors and the potential risks to patients who take them. Despite the risks, many patients find that they cannot live without the drugs, which provide relief from the symptoms of excess stomach acid, such as heartburn and acid reflux.  Dr Andrew Thomson, a consultant gastroenterologist, said that the study adds further evidence to the concerns about the long-term use of proton pump inhibitors. "While the drugs are effective at managing symptoms, they should only be used for a short period of time," he said. "Patients who are taking the drugs for longer than two months should speak to their doctor about alternative treatments." The study has also raised questions about the cost of proton pump inhibitors to the NHS. The drugs cost £400 million each year, accounting for around 8 million prescriptions. The drugs are a common treatment for gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD), which affects around 20% of the UK population.  However, the study authors say that the high cost of the drugs is not justified, given the potential risks associated with their long-term use. They suggest that doctors should be encouraged to prescribe alternative treatments, such as lifestyle changes and dietary modifications, to manage the symptoms of GERD.  In conclusion, the new study has raised concerns about the long-term use of proton pump inhibitors and the potential risks to patients who take them. The findings suggest that the drugs could be having a detrimental effect on cardiac health, as well as other long-term side effects. Moreover, the high cost of the drugs to the NHS may not be justified, given the potential risks associated with their long-term use. Healthcare professionals and patients alike should be aware of these risks and the need to consider alternative treatments for the management of GERD symptoms.