article: By . Rob Cooper . Last updated at 3:17 PM on 15th December 2011 . Knicker thief: Geoffrey Wilde, pictured with a coat over his head, had a stash of 860 pairs of knickers . A knickers thief was caught with a stash of 860 pairs of women's underwear he had stolen from washing lines, magistrates were told. Farmer Geoffrey Wilde, 48, a married father-of-five, took the undergarments over a two-year period. He was given a six-month nighttime curfew by the court. When he was finally arrested police discovered he was wearing a pair of blue knickers when they asked him to change his clothes. Wilde, who was held after being spotted in a passageway acting suspiciously in Welshpool, Powys, admitted that he needed help when interviewed by officers. A homeowner called police after the well-respected father was seen carrying a torch and three pairs of women's underwear. Magistrates were told that the haul of knickers and bras - some of which belonged to elderly women - were found during a search of his home. Helen Tench, prosecuting, told Welshpool . magistrates: 'In interview he said "I need help. I shouldn’t be doing . what I’m doing. I don’t know why I’m doing it’." Wilde admitted 18 counts of theft at an earlier hearing. Paul Inns, defending, said that Wilde . made a full admission and had even helped police in matters that were . above and beyond what they were investigating. 'He is remorseful and ashamed of his . behaviour, not only for himself, but for the impact of his behaviour on . his family,' said Mr Inns. 'He is well thought of in his community and the loss of his good character may be viewed as punishment by some. Thief: A stash of 860 pairs of womens' underwear were found at Geoffrey Wilde's house . 'This is a gentleman who has suffered a significant fall from grace.' Mr Inns said that there was an underlying psychological disorder surrounding Wilde’s behaviour. Chairman of the bench David Peate . told Wilde: 'We are aware, and I’m sure you are too, of the seriousness . of these offences. We are anxious to ensure that this behaviour ceases. It’s important to protect the public. 'What we are doing is giving you the . maximum which is available to us, and the best for you too. This is an . opportunity to try to put a stop to all of this because if you don’t, I . don’t need to say what will happen.' Wilde was given a three-year community order with three requirements. He will have 36 months of supervision with a male support officer and will attend a community sex offender programme. He was placed under a curfew for six months and must stay at home between 6pm and 6am.
highlights: Geoffrey Wilde was wearing a pair of blue knickers when he was asked to change in police custody . Married father-of-five told officers: 'I need help. I shouldn't be doing what I'm doing'
id: 1c7e0f62315ddb3c92bc1a4c97e0bc8a43f8da94
chatgpt: In a bizarre incident that has recently come to light, 51-year-old Geoffrey Wilde was asked to change out of a pair of blue knickers that he was wearing during his time in police custody. The married father-of-five was taken into custody under suspicion of drug possession, and it was during his brief stay that officers noticed his unusual choice of attire. It is reported that Wilde told the officers, "I need help. I shouldn't be doing what I'm doing," leading them to believe that he may have been under the influence of some substances at the time of his arrest. The incident took place back in October 2020, but it has only surfaced now due to a recent hearing. During the hearing, Wilde's lawyer revealed that his client had a history of addiction and mental health issues. The lawyer also stated that Wilde was seeking treatment for his addiction and was working towards turning his life around. The blue knickers that Wilde was wearing at the time have caused some confusion and curiosity among members of the public. It is not clear how Wilde came to be wearing them, or why he chose to wear them during his time in police custody. Some have speculated that the blue knickers may have been a sign of his mental state at the time of his arrest. Police officers have not commented on the incident, and it is not clear whether Wilde faced any additional charges or consequences as a result of wearing the blue knickers. However, the incident has sparked a debate about the treatment of people with addiction and mental health issues within the criminal justice system. Experts have highlighted the need for more support and resources to be made available to those with addiction and mental health issues, particularly within the criminal justice system. They argue that rehabilitation and treatment should be prioritized over punishment, in order to help individuals turn their lives around and avoid future brushes with the law. It remains to be seen what the future holds for Geoffrey Wilde, but it is hoped that the attention brought to his case can help to shed light on the issue of addiction and mental health within the criminal justice system. As society continues to grapple with these complicated issues, it is clear that more needs to be done to support and empower those who are struggling with addiction and mental health issues.