article: LAGOS, Nigeria (CNN)  -- More than 200 people have died of meningitis in the past week alone in Niger and Nigeria, according to the World Health Organization. A health care worker vaccinates a child during an earlier outbreak of meningitis in Niger. The disease is an epidemic in 76 areas of the two countries, the health agency reported Wednesday. A spokesman for W.H.O. in Nigeria, Dr. Olaokun Soyinka, said Saturday that the outbreak is bigger than usual and stretches across the African meningitis belt from east- to west-sub-Saharan Africa. The outbreak began around the start of the year, Soyinka told CNN. It usually peaks in the dry season because of dust, winds and cold nights, before dipping around May when the rains come, he said. A shortage of vaccines means officials are relying on "effective prevention," in which they watch for outbreaks and then vaccinate people in the epicenter and surrounding areas, Soyinka told CNN. There have been nearly 25,000 suspected cases and more than 1,500 deaths in the meningitis belt in the first 11 weeks of the year, W.H.O. reported. More than 85 percent of those cases happened in northern Nigeria and Niger. Nigeria's Ministry of Health has reported 17,462 suspected cases of meningococcal disease, including 960 deaths, the world health agency said. In the past week, it reported 4,164 suspected cases with 171 deaths. Sixty-six local government areas in Nigeria have crossed the epidemic threshold. Epidemic thresholds are a way the W.H.O. confirms the emergence of an epidemic so it can step up vaccinations and other management measures. Niger's Ministry of Health has reported 4,513 suspected cases of meningococcal disease, including 169 deaths, since the start of the year. In the past week, 1,071 suspected cases and 30 deaths have been reported, the W.H.O. said. Ten of Niger's 42 districts have crossed the epidemic threshold. By comparison, other countries are reporting fewer than 50 cases a week. Meningitis is an infection of the meninges, the thin lining that surrounds the brain and the spinal cord. Several different bacteria can cause meningitis but Neisseria meningitidis -- which is to blame for this outbreak -- is one of the most significant because of its potential to cause epidemics. Health authorities have released 2.3 million doses of vaccine to Nigeria and 1.9 million doses to Niger, the W.H.O. said. CNN's Christian Purefoy in Lagos, Nigeria, contributed to this report.
highlights: W.H.O.: Meningitis killed more than 200 people in the past week in Niger and Nigeria . Outbreak stretches across African "meningitis belt," at epidemic levels in 76 areas . Vaccine shortage forces an "effective prevention" approach . 25,000 suspected cases, 1,500 deaths in the belt in the first 11 weeks of 2009 .
id: 89e56412fad6436b08988d0dbf8e33cc90a28fb3
chatgpt: A meningitis outbreak has taken a devastating toll in Niger and Nigeria, killing over 200 people in the past week alone, according to the World Health Organization (WHO). The outbreak has spread across the African "meningitis belt," which spans from Senegal in the west to Ethiopia in the east. At least 76 areas have now reported epidemic levels of the disease.  The WHO has called for an "effective prevention" approach to be taken due to a lack of vaccines. This means that people must be educated on how to protect themselves from the disease. The Nigerian Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) said on Tuesday that it had distributed more than 500,000 doses of vaccinations to affected states since the beginning of the outbreak.  Despite these efforts, the outbreak continues to grow. There have already been 25,000 suspected cases and 1,500 deaths in the meningitis belt in the first 11 weeks of 2009. Cases have also been reported in Burkina Faso, Cameroon, Chad, Cote d'Ivoire, Ghana, Mali, Niger, Nigeria, and Togo. Meningitis is a serious inflammation of the lining of the brain and spinal cord. It can spread easily through coughing, sneezing, and close contact with infected individuals. Symptoms include fever, headaches, and neck stiffness. In severe cases, the disease can cause seizures, coma, and death. The outbreak has led to a shortage of available treatments, which has increased the urgency of prevention measures. The NCDC has therefore recommended community-based awareness programs to educate people on how to prevent the spread of the disease.  Community leaders and traditional rulers have also been urged to reinforce messages on the importance of early detection and treatment of cases. Health officials have emphasized the need for affected communities to seek help from health facilities as soon as symptoms occur.  The WHO, in collaboration with partners such as Medecins Sans Frontieres, is working to coordinate a response to the outbreak. The organization has called for the support of the international community to secure more vaccines for the affected areas.  This meningitis outbreak is a reminder of the persistent threat that diseases pose to Africa. The WHO and its partners continue to work towards improving the health infrastructure in developing countries to respond more effectively to outbreaks such as this one.