article: It was better late than never for Mario Balotelli as he started Italy’s World Camp boot camp an hour after the rest of his team-mates on Tuesday morning. While the majority of Cesare Prandelli’s squad – England’s first opponents in Brazil on June 14 – started their first day of pre-tournament training in sunny Florence at 10.30am local time, Balotelli stayed indoors - perhaps the gym - before making his long-awaited appearance at 11.40am. Holding a bottle of water as temperatures reached 80 degrees, Balotelli sauntered on to the practice grounds before doing a few laps around the perimeter of the practice pitch. Feeling blue: Andrea Pirlo (left) and Mario Balotelli . Sprint training: Balotelli is put through his paces . Late arrival: Balotelli strolls on to the training pitch at Italy's Coverciano complex . Acclimatising: The sweltering conditions in Italy should prepare them well for Brazil . Options: Cesare Prandelli will not name his final 23-man squad until June 2 . Key man: The former Manchester City striker was Italy's star performer at Euro 2012 . Getting shirty: The heat is too much for Balotelli as he removes his training top . All smiles: The striker looks relaxed as he eventually joins in with the rest of the squad . Although the former Manchester City star hasn’t been in great form for AC Milan this season and is regarded as 'crazy' by most of Italy, there is no danger of Prandelli leaving him out of the final 23 because of his exploits at Euro 2012 when he and Andrea Pirlo were the major contributors to Italy reaching the final. Monday’s atmosphere at the Italian football’s national technical centre in Coverciano – think St George’s Park at Burton but a lot hotter – was full of intrigue with Prandelli ready to wait until the final deadline date of June 2 before whittling a provisional squad of 30 down to 23. Particularly anxious are the strikers. Former Manchester United star Giuseppe Rossi is battling with Serie A’s leading scorer Ciro Immobile - whose pitchside sprints on Monday belied his name – and Antonio Cassano to get on the plane with Balotelli. Prandelli may even take them all if he takes an un-Italian like gamble. Experienced: Parma striker Antonio Cassano, 31, is in the preliminary squad . Sweltering training conditions on Monday were tough going – good preparation for the England clash which takes place in the jungle city of Manaus. Italy’s 30-man squad includes four survivors from 2006, most notably Pirlo and goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon, and visitors to Coverciano couldn’t miss two giant pictures in reception of their last World Cup win; the first a team line-up before they played France, the second of goalscorer Marco Materazzi being mobbed by jubilant team-mates. Italy don’t expect to repeat that achievement in Brazil this summer but they will always cling to hope with wildcard Balotelli among them.
highlights: Balotelli starts Italy's bootcamp an hour after his team-mates . Striker will be included in squad because of Euro 2012 performances . Prandelli will wait until June 2 to name his World Cup squad . Italy's first World Cup opponents are England in Manaus on June 14 .
id: 05963cee38021caaa16d4d075ec4bd3cc80c1a76
chatgpt: Italian striker Mario Balotelli arrived at the national team's bootcamp location over an hour after his teammates, but coach Cesare Prandelli confirmed that he will still be included in the squad for the upcoming World Cup in Brazil. Balotelli, who impressed during the Euro 2012 tournament, had been given permission to join the group late due to his club commitments with AC Milan. Balotelli's late arrival caused some concern among fans, who worried about the striker's commitment to the team. However, Prandelli made it clear that he had no doubts about Balotelli's dedication to the national team. "Balotelli is a player that I have complete faith in," said Prandelli. "I know that sometimes he can be unpredictable, but he is a top-class player and an important member of our team. He has shown before that he can perform on the big stage, and I am confident that he will do so again at the World Cup." Italy will begin their World Cup campaign on June 14 when they take on England in Manaus. Prandelli has said that he will wait until June 2, just 12 days before the tournament begins, to announce his final squad for the competition. The coach is keen to give players as much time as possible to impress him before making his final decisions. "We have a lot of talented players in the squad, and it is important that we give everyone a fair chance to show what they can do," said Prandelli. "There are some tough decisions to be made, but ultimately we will select the players who we believe give us the best chance of success." Italy will be hoping to improve on their performance at the last World Cup, where they were knocked out in the group stage. The team has a strong tradition of success in international tournaments, having won the World Cup four times and the European Championship once. Despite their previous success, Italy faces a tough challenge in their World Cup group, which also includes Uruguay and Costa Rica alongside England. Prandelli is aware of the difficulties that lie ahead, but is confident that his team has what it takes to overcome them. "We know that the World Cup is a tough competition, and we will need to be at our best if we are going to succeed," said Prandelli. "But I believe in my players, and I know that they are capable of great things. We will go into the tournament with confidence and a determination to do our best." As Balotelli finally joined his teammates at the bootcamp, the Italian fans breathed a sigh of relief, knowing that the national team's key player is committed to the cause. With just over a week to go until Prandelli selects his final squad, the players know that every moment counts as they strive to impress the coach and earn a place in the team that will take on England in their first World Cup match in Manaus.