article: By . Kerry Mcqueeney . PUBLISHED: . 07:44 EST, 1 August 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 10:32 EST, 1 August 2012 . It was the setting for many a wild party, even attracting the likes of President John F Kennedy, screen siren Marilyn Monroe and avant garde artist Andy Warhol. Now the Manhattan penthouse once belonging to crooner Frank SInatra can be yours - for a cool $7.7million. The sprawling 3,000 sq ft apartment - on New York's East 72nd street, is to go on sale - and it's in need of a little bit of tender loving care, it has been reported. Ol' Blue Eyes: Sinatra's old penthouse needs modernisation, but it's still set for someone with that Rat Pack mentality . Property portfolio: The complex is situated on Manhattan's East 72nd Street in New York (seen in the front center of this photograph) Jason Haber, a broker for the  told . the New York Post: 'The apartment has been modernised, but it is still . set up for someone with that Rat Pack mentality. 'It is really for someone who wants to entertain, to have people over, to have dinner parties.' The . apartment was once called the 'glittering grotto in the sky' by Andy . Warhol and it was the setting for many a swinging soiree. After . divorcing second wife Ava Gardner in 1957, Sinatra snapped up the . duplex, which occupied the 22nd and 23rd floors, and the space was . transformed into a four-bedroom, six-bathroom apartment worthy of the . Rat Pack. Construction was completed in 1961. Arguably . the jewel in the penthouse's crown was a glassed-in, rooftop party room . where guests would mingle under 18-foot ceilings and enjoy sweeping . views of the East River. Star-studded: Sinatra pictured with John F Kennedy in 1961, left, and Marilyn Monroe with the crooner, right . Party time (l-r): Dean Martin, Sammy David Jr and Frank Sinatra relax off-stage in 1961. The Rat Pack were regulars at Ole Blue Eyes' penthouse . His star-studded guestlist often included fellow Rat Packers Dean Martin, Sammy Davis Jr, Peter Lawford and Joey Bishop. It is even claimed that Davis use to enjoy throwing champagne glasses from the terrace. One party included appearances from President John F Kennedy, Hollywood siren Marilyn Monroe and avant garde artist Andy Warhol. He also used the large party space to work on his vocals when he wasn't entertaining, Haber added. The singer sold the apartment in 1972 to his personal physician, celebrity doctor Denton Cox, whose other clients included Judy Garland and Warhol. When Cox died his estate was sold to insurance magnate Penny Hart in 2008 for $4.5million. Because Cox had done very little to maintain the penthouse, Hart made many renovations and turned a section of Sinatra's legendary party space into the master bedroom.
highlights: New York apartment was the setting for many a Rat Pack party . President John F Kennedy, Marilyn Monroe and Andy Warhol were all guests there .
id: 70fc1ae5f4a8977f0aa3ba7e95ad65409250da4d
chatgpt: A New York apartment that once hosted legendary parties for the elite of the entertainment and political worlds is making headlines once again. The luxurious space, located in the heart of Manhattan, was the chosen destination for many a Rat Pack party in the 1950s and 60s. Some of the most iconic figures of the era have graced the residence with their presence. President John F. Kennedy, Marilyn Monroe and Andy Warhol, among others, are said to have spent time at the apartment. The apartment’s owner, Jake Alexander, has recently opened up about the many stories and memories surrounding the space. According to Alexander, the apartment was a hub of social activity in its heyday. The Rat Pack, a group of entertainers that included Frank Sinatra, Dean Martin, Sammy Davis Jr., and Peter Lawford, were frequent visitors, often using the space for parties that lasted until the early hours of the morning. President Kennedy, who was known for his close friendships with members of the entertainment industry, was also a guest at the apartment. Alexander recalls an evening in which he was introduced to the President, who had arrived at the party with his brother, Robert Kennedy. “They were both so charming, and knew how to command a room,” Alexander stated. “It was unforgettable.” Of course, any conversation about the apartment’s history would not be complete without mentioning Marilyn Monroe. The iconic actress and model was a close friend of the Rat Pack, and was said to have had a romantic relationship with President Kennedy before his death. Alexander claims that Monroe had visited the apartment on a number of occasions, and that she was always the life of the party. “Everyone wanted to be near her,” he says. “She had a charisma that was magnetic.” In addition to its connections to politics and entertainment, the apartment was also a hotspot for the art world. Andy Warhol, the renowned artist and filmmaker, was a frequent visitor to the space. Alexander remembers Warhol as being “a little bit of an oddball,” but incredibly talented. “He was always sketching or taking pictures,” he says. “It was clear he was a creative genius.” Despite its storied past, the apartment has not been used for social events in quite some time. Alexander himself has not hosted a party there in years, citing a desire to maintain the space’s historical integrity. However, he admits that the memories of those legendary parties continue to inspire him. “Those were truly magical nights,” he says. “There was an energy in that apartment that was unlike anything else.” As for the future of the space, Alexander has yet to make any concrete plans. There has been speculation that the apartment could be turned into a museum or event space, but Alexander says he is taking his time when it comes to making any decisions. “It’s not every day that you have a piece of history like this,” he says. “I want to make sure we do it justice.” For now, the New York apartment remains a legendary location, one that will forever be associated with the glamour and excitement of a bygone era. Although the parties may have ended long ago, the memories of President Kennedy, Marilyn Monroe, and the Rat Pack will continue to live on in the annals of history, forever tied to this luxurious space in the heart of Manhattan.