article: (Rolling Stone)  -- A quick glance at Billboard's Dance/Club Play Songs chart shows many unsurprising names: Britney Spears, Rihanna, Taio Cruz, Kylie Minogue and Florence + The Machine. Up above all of them, at the No. 1 spot, is Yoko Ono with a dance remix of her super obscure 1972 album track "Move On Fast." It's her sixth consecutive No. 1 dance hit. "Those are all incredibly creative people on the chart with me," Ono tells Rolling Stone. "I respect Lady Gaga very much. I feel a touch guilty that I'm up there. But it's all right, that happens." Rolling Stone: John Lennon and Yoko Ono's final years together . Producers have been remixing tracks from Ono's deep catalog of avant-garde music for the past decade. "At first I was prejudiced against the idea," she says. "I had the pride of a rocker. People can get very elitist very quickly, and that's how I was." When she was first approached about remixing "Walking On Thin Ice" she was especially resistant because that was the song John Lennon was working on when he died. "I was like, 'No, never! Don't change anything!'" she says. "It was a very sensitive subject for me." Rolling Stone: Yoko Ono's Plastic Ono Band concert with Lady Gaga, Iggy Pop and more . About 10 years ago she relented and allowed a variety of artists -- from Pet Shop Boys to Basement Jaxx to Felix Da Housecat -- to create dance remixes of her work for the albums Open Your Box and Yes, I'm A Witch. "When I first heard the songs I cried they was so beautiful," she says. "I was so dumb to be against it. Musically, it was as very, very rich experience for me to hear it." The album was a critical and commercial success, leading to the release of Move On Fast (The Remixes), which hits shelves on March 12th. The set features remixes of her catalog by Richard Morel, Digital Dog, Wawa, Chris The Greek and many more. "I never thought I would go into the dance charts," says Yoko. "I respect these producers so much now. I think one day the dance field is going to be very important musically. I mean, it's a high art now...I just feel great that people are dancing. I great and I feel it." Ono rarely steps foot into a dance club, even though many of them now regularly play her music. "I did go to a few clubs just so people can be like, 'Yes, Yoko was there!" she says. "But it does get a bit nerve wracking to go to those places. I would love to be dancing every night until dawn, but somehow it's not conducive for my life right now." See the original article on RollingStone.com . Copyright © 2010 Rolling Stone.
highlights: Yoko Ono allowed artists to create dance remixes of work on two albums . "Move On Fast" is her sixth consecutive No. 1 dance hit . "When I first heard the songs I cried they was so beautiful," Yoko says .
id: b7e4c3148e5bf9f5a576d024c1ab23b29622dbbb
chatgpt: Yoko Ono, the legendary artist who gained worldwide recognition in the 1960s as John Lennon's wife, has allowed fellow artists to create dance remixes of her work on two of her albums. The move is an innovative way to introduce her music to a younger generation while also honoring Ono's ongoing commitment to artistic expression. The remixes released so far have been hugely successful, with "Move On Fast" becoming Ono's sixth consecutive No. 1 dance hit. The track features pulsating beats and an infectious hook that draws listeners in and keeps them moving on the dance floor. "When I first heard the songs, I cried. They were so beautiful," Ono says. The statement showcases her undiminished passion for music and her willingness to embrace new styles and sounds. Ono's approach to art and music has long been characterized by an experimental and boundary-pushing spirit. This has opened the door for many collaborations over the years, making her one of the most versatile artists of her time. Ono's decision to allow remixes of her work has drawn widespread praise from the music community. She has always been an inspiration to many, and now her music is inspiring a new generation. It is clear that even as she approaches her 88th birthday, Ono remains as relevant and influential as ever. The "Move On Fast" remix is just one example of how Ono's music can transcend time and genre. The track's upbeat tempo and catchy lyrics provide a much-needed tonic to the gloom and uncertainty of the past year. As we emerge from the pandemic, it is to music like this that we will turn for comfort and inspiration. Ono's remixes are perfectly poised to inspire the next wave of dance music while simultaneously paying tribute to her legacy as an artist. Art is a living, breathing thing, and Ono's willingness to allow others to infuse it with new energy and creativity is an admirable trait. It is a testament to her confidence in her work and her trust in her collaborators. Overall, Ono's new dance remixes are an exciting development for fans of her music and for dance music lovers everywhere. They are a fresh take on classics that have stood the test of time and a sign that despite everything, the human creativity and spirit marches on.