article: By . John Hall . A Hawaii fish collector has been charged with 'terroristic threatening' for cutting off the air-supply regulator of a scuba-diving animal rights activist while they were both underwater. Prosecutors filed the misdemeanor charge against Jay Lovell yesterday following an incident off the coast of west Hawaii in May. Lovell is accused of pulling the air-supply regulator out the mouth of anti-aquarium-industry activist Renee Umberger when she and other divers approached while Lovell was collecting live fish to sell. Scroll down for video . Seconds before the crime: Video of the incident shows a diver (rear) quickly swim behind Umberger (front) and rip out her oxygen line. She eventually got it back in again, but then he came back for more . 'It's an appropriate charge,' 53-yer-old Umberger said on Wednesday after learning the complaint had been filed. She said people have approached her since the incident to talk about their concerns about the fish collecting practice. 'People have expressed gratitude for documenting this,' Umberger said. Victim: Rene Umberger claims it was only her vast diving experience that stopped her being killed . At the time of the incident Umberger said she had taken more than 10,000 dives in her life, and that it was only that experience that stopped her being killed. Video of the incident shows a diver quickly swim behind her and rip out her oxygen line. She eventually got it back in again, but then he came back for more. ‘I honestly thought he was coming back for a second attack,’ said Umberger. ‘I got up on the boat and I said oh my God, someone just tried to kill me underwater.’ Lovell's brother, Jim Lovell, said the divers were disrupting the fish collectors' work. 'It is very clear that Rene Umberger and her associates were responsible for this incident,' Jim Lovell said in an email to West Hawaii Today. Lovell filed a complaint against Umberger for the episode. Fishermen off the Kona coast, where the confrontation occurred, account for 75 percent of the aquarium fish caught in Hawaii. Aquarium fish collecting is legal off Kona, but fisherman must avoid certain places and collect only certain species. The incident occurred in Keawaiki Bay, where collecting is allowed. Suffocating: Umberger's air supply was ripped out, leaving her unable to breath for almost half a minute .
highlights: 'Terroristic threatening' charges filed against fish collector Jay Lovell . He is accused him of cutting off air supply of a scuba diving protester . Animal rights activist Renee Umberger says incident could have killed her .
id: 4b120bbe696cf05e108d98236f96d5608ad69013
chatgpt: Jay Lovell, a fish collector, has been charged with 'terroristic threatening' after allegedly cutting off the air supply of an animal rights activist during a scuba diving protest. According to the claims made by Renee Umberger, the incident took place while they were protesting against the collection of fish for aquariums off the coast of Hawaii. Lovell is accused of using his dive knife to sever Umberger's air supply, leaving her gasping for breath underwater and causing her to fear for her life. Umberger, who is an activist for the animal rights organization For the Fishes, said that she was able to use a backup air supply to survive the incident but that it could have been much worse. She claims that Lovell's actions were unprovoked and were intended to intimidate and harm her and the other protesters. In response to the incident, authorities have filed charges against Lovell for terroristic threatening. If convicted, he could face up to a year in prison and a fine of up to $2,000. This incident highlights the tension that can exist between those who support the collection of fish for aquariums and those who believe that it is cruel and harmful to marine life. While some argue that the collection of fish for aquariums is necessary for scientific research and education, others argue that it is a form of exploitation and that marine animals should be kept in their natural habitats. For the Fishes, the animal rights organization that Umberger works with, has been campaigning for an end to the collection of fish for aquariums in Hawaii for years. They argue that the practice is unsustainable and can lead to the overfishing of certain species, as well as the destruction of fragile marine ecosystems. Lovell's case will be closely watched by both sides of this debate, as it could have implications for the future of fish collection in Hawaii and beyond. As the world becomes more aware of the environmental impact of human activities, it is likely that we will continue to see more clashes between those who want to protect the natural world and those who seek to profit from it.  In the meantime, Lovell's actions serve as a reminder of the importance of peaceful protest and the need for all sides to respect each other's views and rights. While it is important to stand up for what we believe in, we must also do so within the bounds of the law and without causing harm to others.