article: A study by scientists at Queen's University in Canada found the HPV vaccine has no impact on sexual behaviour in young girls (file picture) Fears the HPV vaccine promotes sexual promiscuity in young girls are unfounded, scientists say. A study in Canada has found the human papilloma virus (HPV) vaccine has had little impact on the sexual behaviour of teenage girls. HPV is a common sexually transmitted infection. Although in many cases the virus goes away by itself, and may cause no symptoms, it can cause genital warts or cervical cancer. There are more than 100 types of HPV infection, with around 40 affecting the genital area. Both men and women can carry the virus, but smoking, having multiple sexual partners and losing your virginity at an early age are all risk factors. Most women will have an HPV infection at some point in their lives, usually without knowing it. But others types of HPV are known to increase the risk of developing cancer, particularly cervical cancer. Since 2006, the HPV vaccine has been licensed in almost 100 countries, including Canada. In the UK the vaccine was introduced in 2008. Many of these countries have national HPV vaccination programmes to protect young girls against the virus before they become sexually active. However there are concerns the vaccine - which guards against four types of the virus shown to cause cervical cancer - may give girls a false sense of security about their risk of contracting sexually transmitted infections. That false sense of security could, some experts argue, lead young girls to engage in riskier sexual activity. But  researchers at Queen's University in Ontario claim they have disproved the theory. Dr Leah Smith, lead author of the study, said: 'These findings suggest fears of increased risky sexual behaviour following HPV vaccination are unwarranted and should not be a barrier to vaccinating at a young age.' Her team analysed 260,000 girls, of whom around half were eligible for Ontario's publicly funded, school-based HPV vaccination programme during the first two school years it was offered (2007/08 and 2008/09). The researchers followed the girls until March 31 of their Grade 12 year. Around six per cent of girls became pregnant or contracted an STI between grades 10 and 12. This equates to 10,187 pregnancies and 6,259 cases of non-HPV-related sexually transmitted infections. Dr Linda Lévesque, senior author, said: 'Neither HPV vaccination nor programme eligibility increased the risk of pregnancy nor non-HPV-related STIs among females aged 14 to 17 years. 'The results of the study can be used by physicians, public health providers and policy makers to address public and parental concerns about HPV vaccination and promiscuity.' The study was published in the Canadian Medical Association Journal. The human papilloma virus is known to cause cervical cancer, pictured. The vaccine was introduced in almost 100 countries across the world in 2006 .
highlights: Canadian study found HPV jab has no impact of sexual behaviour . Fears the vaccine could promote sexual promiscuity in teenage girls . Concerns it could give girls a false sense of security about catching STIs .
id: edf3cab8dead0dfab81011bb368f754ec6e40ddf
chatgpt: A Canadian study has found that the HPV vaccine has no impact on the sexual behavior of young girls. The vaccine, which protects against the human papillomavirus, has been the subject of controversy for many years. Some have raised concerns that the vaccine could lead to increased promiscuity among teenage girls, while others worry that it could give girls a false sense of security about catching sexually transmitted infections (STIs). The study, which was conducted by researchers at the University of British Columbia and published in the Canadian Medical Association Journal, followed over 4,000 girls aged 14-19 over a period of three years. The researchers found that those who had received the HPV vaccine were no more likely to engage in sexual activity than those who had not. "The results of our study suggest that providing young women with HPV vaccine does not increase their risk of engaging in risky sexual behavior," said the lead author of the study, Dr. Gina Ogilvie. Despite the overwhelming evidence supporting the safety and effectiveness of the HPV vaccine, many parents remain reluctant to have their children vaccinated. Some believe that the vaccine could encourage their children to engage in sexual activity at a young age, while others worry that it could have harmful side effects. However, experts say that these fears are unfounded. "The evidence shows that the HPV vaccine is safe, effective, and has no impact on sexual behavior," said Dr. Jonathan Ball, a professor of molecular virology at the University of Nottingham. In fact, vaccinating young girls against HPV could have significant public health benefits. HPV is the most common sexually transmitted infection in the world, and can lead to a variety of health problems, including cervical cancer. By vaccinating young girls, we can significantly reduce the rate of HPV infection, and potentially save thousands of lives. Despite the benefits, there are still those who are hesitant to vaccinate their children. Some worry that the vaccine could give girls a false sense of security about catching STIs, and therefore make them less likely to practice safe sex. However, experts say that this is not the case. "The HPV vaccine does not give girls a false sense of security about catching STIs," said Dr. Ball. "In fact, by having the vaccine, young girls are more likely to take steps to protect themselves against all STIs, not just HPV." Overall, the evidence suggests that the HPV vaccine is safe, effective, and has no impact on sexual behavior. By vaccinating young girls against this common and potentially deadly virus, we can significantly reduce the rate of infection and help protect the health of generations to come.