article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 19:46 EST, 8 July 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 02:47 EST, 9 July 2013 . Accuser: Jeremy Paxman says TV bosses treat viewers like they are 'idiots' University Challenge presenter Jeremy Paxman has defended today’s students saying it is ‘complete rubbish’ to suggest they are apathetic and ignorant. He said questions on his long-running BBC2 quiz are tougher than ever, adding he was still shocked at how much current contestants knew. Mr Paxman, 63, said that TV bosses should ‘stop insulting the public’s intelligence’ by ‘assuming we’re all idiots’ and said the reason why the  show has endured in popularity is down to the fact that it has refused to dumb down. He said: ‘We haven’t compromised. It’s quite hard and it will stay quite hard. In an age when you can win shedloads of money or fleeting glory by knowing the Chancellor of the Exchequer’s first name (even though that one did seem to stump President Obama),’ Elaborating on his passion for University Challenge which he has presented for almost 20 years, he told the Radio Times: ‘The main reason I love University Challenge is that it gives the lie to the media stereotype about young people – that they all know nothing, and couldn’t care less. ‘It’s complete rubbish. Every year we see more and more teams of young people who know amazing things, and you’re just left wondering in pleasurable disbelief, “How on earth did they get that?”’ He added: ‘Television bosses should stop insulting the public’s intelligence by assuming we’re all idiots.’ Mr Paxman said his quiz had the ‘courtesy’ of treating the audience as though it were ‘clever enough to take part.’ Earlier this year on the show, Mr Paxman was branded ‘rude’ and ‘nasty’ by some viewers for the way he dealt with a nervous contestant. The corporation was hit with 44 complaints after the show was broadcast. There has, in recent years, been a rivalry between University Challenge and Mastermind, presented by John Humphrys, about which programme asks the harder questions. He said: ¿The main reason I love University Challenge is that it gives the lie to the media stereotype about young people ¿ that they all know nothing, and couldn¿t care less' When Mr Humphrys interviewed Mr Paxman on the Today programme last year, to discuss the 50th anniversary of University Challenge, there was a discussion about whether students were getting ‘brighter’ or ‘dumber’ on the evidence of the show. Paxman, famous for his own tough interviewing style, refused to divulge how he fared against the students on his BBC2 show, saying: 'That one I’m not going to answer.' He added that his favourite round on the show was one in which students got every single question wrong - when they were asked to identify laundry instruction symbols on clothes labels. He also claimed he had now asked 64,000 questions on the show, which airs on Monday nights on BBC 2.
highlights: Broadcaster blasts bosses for rubbishing intelligence of young people . He says he is constantly surprised at the abilities of students on show . Paxman added that questions on University Challenge are as hard as ever .
id: 917ac4aa92e0e7f4f8573dc7e8d796b56930335d
chatgpt: Broadcaster Jeremy Paxman has launched a scathing attack on bosses who question the intelligence of young people. Speaking to reporters, the former host of BBC's Newsnight programme blasted bosses who dismiss the abilities of young people, saying that he is constantly surprised at the skills and knowledge exhibited by students who appear on university quiz show, University Challenge. Paxman's comments came as he was promoting his new book, 'Paxman's Quiz Book', which features a wide array of challenging questions on subjects ranging from history and geography, to sports and popular culture. "The idea that young people are somehow intellectually inferior to previous generations is a fallacy that needs to be put to bed," Paxman said. "I'm amazed at the level of knowledge and understanding that young people have on display when they appear on University Challenge. These are some of the brightest and most talented young people in the country, and I think it's time we started to recognize that." The veteran broadcaster, who presented University Challenge from 1994 to 2021, also revealed that the questions on the quiz show are as tough as they have ever been, despite claims that the show has become easier over the years. "Believe me, the questions on University Challenge are just as challenging as they've ever been," Paxman said. "In fact, I would say that they are even harder now, because young people today have access to so much more information than they did in the past. You have to be exceptionally knowledgeable and quick-witted to do well on the show." Paxman's comments have been met with widespread support from educators and commentators, who argue that young people are unfairly maligned by many in society. Many have pointed to the recent controversy surrounding the grading of A-level and GCSE exams, which led to accusations that young people were being systematically downgraded by an algorithmic grading system. Others have pointed to the growing divide between older and younger generations, with younger people often seen as overly sensitive or entitled. It is hoped that Paxman's comments will help to bridge this gap and foster greater understanding and respect between the generations. In response to the criticism, many bosses have defended their position, arguing that they are simply trying to maintain high standards in their workplaces. However, few would deny that the ability of younger people should not be underestimated, and that there is a pressing need to create more opportunities for young talent to thrive. Overall, Paxman's comments serve as a timely reminder that young people are just as intelligent and capable as those who have come before them, and that we should do more to nurture and support their talents. With the right support and guidance, there is no limit to what young people can achieve, and it is our responsibility to give them the tools and resources they need to succeed.