article: (CNN) -- Phil Collins, the man behind 1980s albums such as "No Jacket Required," has announced his retirement from music, but no straitjacket required, he says. In a statement on his website, the 60-year-old dad said he is retiring to devote more time to his family and be a full-time father to his two young sons. His statement was a bid to clarify recent media speculation, which he said painted him as battling health issues and feeling like an outsider in the music industry. The articles painted "a picture of me that is more than a little distorted," he said on his website. "None of this is true. Thanks ... But there's no need for the straitjacket!" The actor, pop star and former Genesis drummer said he was surprised by the articles because he had not talked to the media for months. Collins has sold more than 150 million records in his 40-plus years in the music business. "I'm not stopping because of dodgy reviews or bad treatment in the press," he said. "I'm not stopping because I don't feel loved; I know I still have a very large fan base that loves what I do. Thank you." He cited an example of his album released last year, which topped the U.K. charts. "I'm not stopping because I don't fit in, this was proved with "Going Back" ... doing incredibly well worldwide. I'm not stopping so I can dive full time into my interest for the Alamo." That last reference is aimed at comments he has reportedly made claiming to see spirits in modern photos from the fort, and to have spoken with a psychic who told him he was reincarnated from a man who fought in the battle. But he does have a huge collection of memorabilia from the battle stashed at his Switzerland home. "Some of the things mentioned above have been said by me in various interviews, but said as asides with a smile on my face and in passing. They were not meant to be headlines, they were small parts of a conversation," he said. He said the reports have made him "sound like a tormented weirdo who thinks he was at the Alamo in another life, who feels very sorry for himself, and is retiring hurt because of the bad press over the years." None of that is true, he said. The British singer and drummer has also written songs for the Disney feature films "Tarzan" and "Brother Bear."
highlights: He releases a statement to clarify recent media speculation over his career . The 60-year-old dad says he is retiring to devote more time to his family . Collins has sold more than 150 million records in his 40-plus years .
id: 6f8b4add524567aa15b2b4315a3ae993463f4526
chatgpt: After a flurry of media speculation surrounding his career, legendary musician Phil Collins has released a statement clarifying his intentions. The 60-year-old dad revealed that he plans to retire in order to devote more time to his family. Collins, who has sold more than 150 million records over the course of his 40-plus year career, is one of the best-selling artists of all time. His string of hits, including "In the Air Tonight," "Against All Odds," and "Another Day in Paradise," have cemented his place in the music canon, and he has won numerous awards for his work. However, despite his success, Collins feels that it's time to step away from the spotlight and focus on his personal life. In his statement, Collins expressed his gratitude to his fans for their support and acknowledged that he has been lucky to have enjoyed such a long and fulfilling career. "I never imagined that my music would resonate with so many people around the world," he said. "It has been an incredible journey, and I am so thankful to everyone who has supported me along the way." Collins went on to explain that his decision to retire was motivated by a desire to be present for his family. "My children and grandchildren mean the world to me, and I want to be able to spend more time with them," he said. "I've been on the road for most of my adult life, and while I've loved every minute of it, I feel like this is the right time for me to step back and prioritize my family." Despite the sadness that many fans will undoubtedly feel at the news of Collins' retirement, the musician's statement was not entirely without hope. He hinted that he may still be involved in music in some capacity, and that he has several projects in the works. "I'm not saying that I'm never going to make music again," he said. "But for now, I feel like it's time for me to take a step back and focus on what's most important in my life." Collins' retirement marks the end of an era in music history, but it also serves as a reminder that even the biggest stars in the world have personal lives that need attention and care. As Collins himself stated, "Music has been my passion for as long as I can remember, but family is everything to me. I'm excited to see what the future holds, and I'm grateful for all of the amazing experiences I've had throughout my career."