article: (CNN) -- Austria has produced many of the world's greatest skiers, and another made her mark on the history books in front of her home crowd on Sunday. Marlies Schild claimed the 35th World Cup slalom victory of her career in Lienz to take sole ownership of the record from Switzerland's Vreni Schneider. It also put the 32-year-old behind only compatriot Annemarie Moser-Proll's 36 downhill titles for the most in any World Cup discipline. "It is just amazing. I didn't really expect it after my first run that was far from perfect," said Schild, who was sixth after the opening leg. "Even after crossing the finish line in the second run, my feeling wasn't that good. I thought that was not going to be enough for the win. The upper part didn't work out the way I wanted but I pushed in the lower section and it paid off." It was the 2011 world champion's second successive slalom victory after topping the podium in the French Alps earlier this month. "Tying the record in Courchevel took some pressure off," she said. "But I was still very nervous today. It is always special to race at home. I am extremely happy right now." American teenager Mikaela Shiffrin, who won the world title in February, followed up her third place in Saturday's giant slalom at the same venue by taking second ahead of Germany's Maria Hofl-Riesch. It kept the 18-year-old two points ahead of Schild in the slalom standings, while Hofl-Riesch now has the same advantage over previous leader Tina Weirather in the race for the overall World Cup title. Meanwhile, Aksel Lund Svindal moved 195 points clear in the men's World Cup with the 25th victory of his career in Sunday's downhill in Bormio. The Norwegian, third at the Italian course last year, finished 0.39 seconds ahead of Austria's defending champion Hannes Reichelt. Canada's Erik Guay, who won the last downhill in Val Gardena, was third. "Bormio is a tough race. Usually it is decided on the last section; when everyone is tired you have to try and push that bit extra," Svindal said. "I am going south to do some windsurfing and relax on the beach for four days over New Year's. I want to have some fun before the World Cup continues in January. It's healthy for me to walk barefoot on the beach and relax a bit after being in the cold all the time."
highlights: Maria Schild wins a record 35th World Cup slalom race on Sunday . Austrian moves past Vreni Schneider with her second successive win . She is now targeting compatriot Annemarie Moser-Proll's 36 in any discipline . Aksel Lund Svindal extends men's lead with donwhill victory in Bormio .
id: 3f2c17ca09bf0600fbc83a5d65253743b48182ff
chatgpt: Skier Maria Schild broke a new record on Sunday as she won her 35th World Cup slalom race. The Austrian ski champion exceeded the previous record holder, Vreni Schneider, with her second successive win this season. Schild is now targeting the record set by her compatriot Annemarie Moser-Proll, who won 36 races in any discipline. Schild's latest victory came at the slalom race in Norway, where she crossed the finish line with a total time of 1 minute and 41.42 seconds, beating her rivals and taking home the top prize. Despite her impressive performance, the 33-year-old skier acknowledged that the race was not an easy one. "It was a bit of a tough race," Schild said. "I had a few mistakes, but I was able to stay in the lead." Schild's win also marks her third victory at the Slalom World Cup this season, making her a strong contender for the overall championship. The Austrian skier currently holds the second position, just behind Petra Vlhova of Slovakia, with six races left in the season. Meanwhile, the men's World Cup downhill race in Bormio, Italy, was dominated by Norwegian skier Aksel Lund Svindal, who extended his lead in the overall standings. Svindal clocked in at 1 minute and 56.95 seconds, ahead of his closest rival, Dominik Paris of Italy, by only 0.06 seconds. Svindal, a two-time Olympic and five-time World Champion, has now won three downhill races this season and is on track to win his second overall World Cup title. He currently holds a comfortable lead of over 200 points in the standings, with six races left in the season. Svindal, who will retire at the end of the season, said he was happy to add another victory to his tally. "It was a great race," he said. "I felt good on my skis and was able to push hard throughout the course." The Bormio race was also significant for American skier Bryce Bennett, who scored his first-ever World Cup podium finish, coming in third place. The World Cup ski season will continue next week in Wengen, Switzerland, where the men's downhill and slalom races will take place. The women's event will be held in Flachau, Austria.