article: Frustrated by an increase in petty crime, residents of an Oregon neighborhood have decided to arm themselves instead of calling the police. Residents of a Jennings Lodge neighborhood in Clackamas county, Ore., have put up fliers advertising their new policy, calling themselves the 'Glock Block', according to KOIN News. 'This is a Glock Block,' the fliers read. 'We don't call 911.' Fed-up: Residents of a Clackamas County, Ore., neighborhood have started posting fliers telling criminals they are a 'glock block' and that they don't rely on police for protection . Along with some of her neighbors, Coy Toloman has put up the fliers and gotten a concealed carry permit with the hopes of deterring criminals. While the increase in neighborhood crime is mostly petty, with incidents of vandalism and stolen law ornaments, Toloman has had enough. 'We’re starting a new group,' said Toloman, a resident of Milwaukie, which is just south of Portland, Ore. 'We don’t feel neighborhood watch is sufficient, and we don’t feel the Clackamas County Sheriff’s Office is sufficient.' Toloman said a lawn statue she calls 'Lilly Rose' was stolen off her front porch. She chased after the thief but he got away. 'The radio was on,' she said of the incident.'If he'd gotten in the house...what then?' Toloman decided to take matters into her own hands, taking a class to get a concealed carry permit. Other neighbors also have permits, Toloman said, and they discus 'what kind of gun they have' and 'the best gun shop'. Packing heat: Coy Toloman said got a concealed carry gun permit after petty crime increased in her neighborhood. She said most of her Milwaukie neighbors have gun permits, too . Stolen: Coy Toloman said she got a gun after her statue, which she calls 'Lilly Rose', was taken off her front porch when she was home . 'I think more people should have permits to carry but they should be trained and responsible,'said Toloman, who is also a breast cancer survivor. She hopes criminals will see the fliers before trying to rob her again—or worse. 'I will defend myself and my home,' she said. Police make a note of cautioning anyone from pursuing vigilante justice, though armed citizens have become more common deterrents to crime. In northwest Houston, Texas, residents in the the community of Oak Forest were the first to be trained and equipped by the Armed Citizen Project this month, the Associated Press reported. The Houston nonprofit is giving away free shotguns to single women and other residents of high-crime neighborhoods. Armed Citizen Project plans to offer training in other cities in Texas and Arizona and would like to expand to Chicago and New York this year.
highlights: Residents of a Jennings Lodge neighborhood in Clackamas County, Ore., have gotten concealed carry licenses as petty crime increases . 'This is a Glock Block. We don't call 911' a flier posted by residents reads . 'I will defend myself and my home' one resident said .
id: 7e16d731a9daf0671c6155ee52ae28e119d5bac0
chatgpt: Residents of a neighborhood in Jennings Lodge, Clackamas County, Oregon are taking their safety into their own hands. With recent reports of petty crime increasing in the area, many residents have decided to obtain concealed carry licenses. The residents are not afraid to let others know that they are armed and ready to defend their homes and loved ones. A flier has been posted around the neighborhood that reads, "This is a Glock Block. We don't call 911". The message is clear: residents are ready and willing to take matters into their own hands if necessary. "I will defend myself and my home," said one resident, who preferred to remain anonymous. "I don't want to be a victim. I'm not going to wait for the police to arrive if someone breaks into my home." The message on the flier may seem harsh to some, but for the residents of this neighborhood, it's a matter of taking control of their own safety. They feel that relying solely on law enforcement is not enough, especially with the rise in petty crime. According to the Clackamas County Sheriff's Office, there has been an increase in property crimes in the county in recent years. From thefts to burglaries, residents are becoming more and more concerned about their security. This is why many are turning to concealed carry licenses as a means of protection. However, not everyone is on board with the idea of residents carrying firearms. Some worry that it may lead to more violence and accidental shootings. But for the residents of this tight-knit community, it's about feeling safe in their own homes. "I feel much more secure knowing that I can defend myself and my family if needed," said another resident who recently obtained a concealed carry license. "I hope I never have to use my firearm, but if I do, I know that I will be prepared." While the decision to obtain a concealed carry license is a personal one, it is clear that many residents in this particular neighborhood have made the choice to do so. Their message is loud and clear: they will not be victims and will do whatever it takes to protect themselves and their loved ones.