article: By . Steve Robson . PUBLISHED: . 12:53 EST, 19 April 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 11:02 EST, 20 April 2013 . What happens when you wring out a wet cloth in space? This was the question posed by two high school students of Canadian astronaut Chris Hadfield. Fortunately, as he currently lives on board the International Space Station orbiting Earth, he was able to demonstrate the remarkable answer. Scroll down for video . Another world: Some of the water droplets look like bubbles as they float away but most of the liquid stays together . Amazing: As Commander Hadfield squeezes the cloth, the water forms a strange 'tube' around his hands . Space science: The experiment was the idea of two Candian high school students . In the absence of gravity, water does not fall downwards and in effect forms a floating water 'tube' around the cloth. Commander Hadfield's live experiment on board the space station was beamed back to 1,200 pupils at Lockview High School in Fall River, Nova Scotia. The Canadian Space Agency had asked pupils to come up with a simple science experiment that he could perform in space. Teenagers Kendra Lemke and Meredith Faulkner came up with the 'ring it out' experiment to test how a microgravity environment might affect and experiment using items which would already be available on board the station. Speaking into a floating microphone, Commander Hadfield first soaked a wash cloth in water. Then, as it floats in front of the camera, he attempts to squeeze out at the liquid. Incredible results: The water takes on a jelly-like form a clings to the astronaut's hand . Mind-boggling: Commander Hadfield has performed hundreds of simple scientific experiments in space and posted the results online . Demonstration: Earlier Commander Hadfield had sprayed ordinary drinking water onto the cloth . But without the force of gravity, it simply surrounds the cloth or attaches itself to Commander Hadfield's hands like a gel. Pupils can be heard gasping with excitement as they witness the mind-boggling reality of life in space from their school's gymnasium. Science teacher, John Munro, said: 'The Canadian Science Challenge was a great tool to teach about . space, science and weightlessness in my class. In addition, having this . opportunity to speak live to Commander Hadfield from space was a . special treat the students will remember for a long time and may . influence their future career paths.' Commander Hadfield said: 'The space station is an orbiting laboratory where we work on unique experiments that may eventually improve life on Earth.' Addressing the schoolchildren back in Canada, he said: 'I was about your age when I decided I wanted to become an astronaut. I hope that you remember today and continue to be curious about science and space. You are the space explorers of the future and the sky is no longer the limit'.
highlights: Commander Chris Hadfield performs science experiment in space . Without gravity, water simply forms floating 'tube' around the cloth . Students watching live in Nova Scotia, Canada, gasp in amazement .
id: e97f4bd491574a4f694e319b5dbaf1843689dd4f
chatgpt: Canadian astronaut Commander Chris Hadfield has successfully conducted a science experiment aboard the International Space Station, which left onlookers stunned. Conducted from orbit, the experiment showed how water behaves in zero gravity. Students from Nova Scotia, Canada, who watched Hadfield perform the experiment live, were left amazed by what they saw. In the experiment, Hadfield took a piece of cloth and soaked it in a pool of water, then wrung it out. But instead of the water flowing out like it would on Earth, it simply formed a floating "tube" around the cloth. This is because of the lack of gravity in space. Without gravity, surface tension takes over, creating a "tension sponge" that holds water together. The experiment was a part of a project Hadfield had been working on for some time. In a recent interview, he explained to reporters that one of his motivations for conducting this experiment was to inspire young students to take an interest in science. "I was a kid just like them once and somebody had to light that spark for me," Hadfield said. "And I just thought, you know, what could I do now to push that forward, to help inspire the next generation of scientists and engineers to get interested in wondering how things work in the world?" The students watching live from Nova Scotia were undoubtedly inspired by what they saw. "It was really cool to see how water behaves in space, and I never would have thought that it would just form a ball like that," said one student. "It just shows how much we still have to learn about the universe." Hadfield, who became a household name after his time aboard the International Space Station in 2013, has long been an advocate for science education. He believes that inspiring young people to pursue a career in science is crucial for the future of our planet. "I think science drives progress, science gives us solutions to problems," he said. "So, to me, having a kid interested in science is one of the most important things we can do for the future of the planet." The experiment performed by Hadfield may seem simple, but it has opened up a world of possibilities for scientists studying how water behaves in zero gravity. In the future, this could help astronauts perform experiments and carry out tasks more efficiently in space. For now, though, the impact of the experiment is being felt back on Earth. Students in Nova Scotia, and thousands of others around the world who watched the video online, have been left inspired by Hadfield's innovation. As Hadfield said in his interview, "If this sparks some kind of interest, some kind of fascination with science, with the universe, with what's possible, then that's a great thing." And judging by the reaction he has received, it is safe to say that he has succeeded in lighting that spark.