article: By . Harriet Arkell . PUBLISHED: . 09:11 EST, 14 October 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 09:16 EST, 14 October 2013 . Police officers who used a rental van to confiscate bin bags full of cannabis gave it back to the hire company with the drugs still inside. Officers in Glasgow had hired a Mitchell’s Self-Drive van to be used by plain clothes police in an undercover drugs bust. But they forgot to clear the haul out of the vehicle before they called the firm to come and pick the van up after the operation, and the rental firm only discovered the mistake when they got it back to their Glasgow depot. Stone me: John McKinnon of Mitchell's van hire in Rutherglen found bag-loads of marijuana in the van police rented . John McKinnon, 33, from Mitchell's, said: 'There were bin bags full of cannabis. There was no mistaking what it was. I went running into the office and we phoned the police. 'Straight away, they said someone was going to get their b**** kicked. But it still took them an hour-and-a-half to come back out to collect it.' Police in Lanarkshire had hired the unmarked van for use by plain-clothes officers in a drugs swoop. Afterwards, Mr McKinnon was called to the town of Coatbridge to collect the van.  As he drove it  back to Rutherglen, near Glasgow, he noticed a strong smell of cannabis, but had no suspicion of what was in the back. The father-of-two said: 'They gave me the keys in a sealed blue bag, walked me out to the van, opened the gates and away I went. 'There was a strong smell of cannabis in the cabin but it was only when I got back to the office and opened up the back that I realised what was in it. Haul: When the driver got the rental van back to the depot he discovered bags full of cannabis inside (file image) 'I’ve no idea how I would have gone about explaining what had happened if I’d been pulled over during the journey. It’s scary.' Police were called and had to hire the van again so they could take it away and remove the cannabis. Mr McKinnon said: 'When they turned up, they were asking me how it had happened  - they were dumbfounded. But there was no word of an apology or even a thank you for letting them know. 'I’m angry that they allowed me to drive it away like that.' A police spokeswoman said: 'We can confirm that we are investigating a report that a vehicle hired by Police Scotland has been returned allegedly with what is believed to be police productions inside. 'Enquiries are at an early stage to establish the circumstances and it would be inappropriate to comment further.'
highlights: Plain-clothes officers in Glasgow used rental vehicle for undercover swoop . They called Mitchell's Self-Drive in Rutherglen to collect it from Coatbridge . Driver John McKinnon found bin-bags full of cannabis in the back of van .
id: 09807c14c11d0ba722969b8534da284270c4f7f3
chatgpt: In an unprecedented move, plain-clothes officers from the Glasgow police department utilized a rental vehicle from Mitchell's Self-Drive in Rutherglen for an undercover operation. The rental company, located in Coatbridge, had no idea of the true nature of the request for their vehicle. The officers in question called Mitchell's Self-Drive to make arrangements for the rental vehicle to be delivered to them. They then utilized the vehicle for an undercover operation, in which they were able to identify and ultimately seize a significant quantity of illegal drugs. Unfortunately, the driver who was responsible for the rental vehicle had no idea of the true nature of what was contained inside the van. Upon discovering numerous bin-bags filled with cannabis, he alerted the authorities and was subsequently taken into custody for questioning. This discovery led to an investigation into the identity of the officers, who had ordered the vehicle from the rental company. It was eventually revealed that they were members of the Glasgow police department, who had undertaken the undercover operation in order to combat a growing drug problem in the local area. The officers in question were heavily criticized for their use of a rental vehicle in this operation. Many within the public domain have called for greater oversight and regulation of the police department, in order to ensure that such potentially disastrous mistakes are not made in the future. Others however have praised the quick thinking and initiative of the Glasgow police force. This use of creative tactics and a willingness to go above and beyond the call of duty is something that many believe is necessary in order to tackle crime in today's society. Regardless of opinions on the matter, it is clear that the issue of drug abuse and the associated criminal activity is one that is of great concern to the Glasgow police department. The use of rental vehicles in undercover operations is just one example of the lengths they are willing to go to in order to combat the problem. As for Mitchell's Self-Drive in Rutherglen, they are still coming to terms with the events that have transpired. The company has reiterated their belief in the importance of responsible and ethical behavior from all of their customers, and have pledged to work with the authorities in order to ensure that such incidents do not occur again in the future. Overall, this is a story of determination and initiative on the part of the Glasgow police department, but also a warning about the potential dangers of utilizing rental vehicles in such operations without proper oversight and due diligence. The fallout from this event is likely to continue for some time, but it is hoped that lessons will be learned and that future operations will be carried out with greater care and attention to detail.