article: Roger Federer put on a show for his fellow sporting superstars as he eased into the second week of Wimbledon without dropping a set. Colombian Santiago Giraldo was Federer's latest victim, the seven-time champion winning their third-round contest 6-3 6-1 6-3 in an hour and 21 minutes. Balanced: Roger Federer took just 81 minutes to beat Santiago Giraldo . David Beckham, Sachin Tendulkar and Sir Bobby Charlton stayed into the evening in the Royal Box to watch the grass-court master at work, and he did not disappoint. Federer's backhand did the damage at the start as the fourth seed moved into a 3-0 lead, and he was untroubled through the rest of the opening set. Giraldo, who was looking to become the first Colombian to reach the fourth round at Wimbledon, needed a good start to the second set but played a woeful service game. Federer, who had called on umpires to tackle time wasting, breezed into a 4-0 lead and nothing was going right for his opponent. Serving to stay in the set, he thought he had served an ace only to be pulled up for a foot fault, and Giraldo then drove a forehand long to hand it to Federer. Delight: Federer was keen to avoid another early exit from SW19 . Disappointment: Santiago Giraldo failed to trouble Federer on saturday . The only moment when Giraldo threatened to get back into the match came in the seventh game of the third set, but Federer saved two break points with big serving. In the next game he broke serve when Giraldo netted a forehand and Federer clinched the final game to love to set up a clash with either Tommy Robredo or Jerzy Janowicz. Federer was more than happy with his victory, saying: 'I got off to a good start and stayed in control until midway through the third set when he had a couple of break points. Waves: Beckham and Sir Bobby Charlton (left) stand to the applause of the Wimbledon crowd . Past, present and future: Boxers Anthony Joshua (left) and David Haye (right) in the royal box . 'Next thing I had break points, I got it done and served it out. I'm very happy. It was a really good match.' Federer joined Andy Murray in reaching round four without dropping a set, and he said: 'I'm very pleased. 'It's always good to keep moving on. I'm aware of the dangers on this surface. You're always worried about the first week. 'For me it's about maintaining a good level. I've got a few niggling things going on but nothing that worries me. I need to keep playing aggressive.'
highlights: Seven-time champion put on a masterclass on Centre Court . Federer took just 81 minutes to beat Giraldo . David Beckham and Sachin Tendulkar were among guests in Royal Box .
id: c49d0c7ae1c301caaacd72784f0696a457288ea3
chatgpt: Swiss maestro Roger Federer glided his way to the second round of Wimbledon after beating Colombia's Santiago Giraldo on Monday. The seven-time champion put on a dominant performance on Centre Court, taking just 81 minutes to defeat his opponent in straight sets (6-3, 6-1, 6-2).  Federer, who is bidding to become the oldest man to win a Grand Slam title, looked in sublime form throughout the match. He was able to break Giraldo's serve easily, winning 85% of points on his first serve and 71% on his second. The Swiss legend also hit 35 winners as compared to Giraldo's 11, showcasing his superior shot-making ability.  The match was attended by a host of celebrities, including former England football captain David Beckham and Indian cricket icon Sachin Tendulkar. Both Beckham and Tendulkar were sitting in the Royal Box, enjoying the spectacle of one of the greatest tennis players of all time in action. Federer's performance was a reminder of his unrelenting dominance on grass courts, where he has won eight Wimbledon and five Halle titles. The 39-year-old player is looking to extend his Grand Slam record to 21 titles, having won six Australian Opens, eight Wimbledons, five US Opens, and one French Open. Next up for Federer is a second-round match against France's Richard Gasquet, who defeated Japan's Yuichi Sugita in straight sets. Federer has a strong record against Gasquet, having won 18 out of their 21 encounters, including their last seven matches. Speaking after the match, Federer said that he was pleased with his performance and felt he had played at a high level. He praised his opponent for putting up a good fight and acknowledged the support of the crowd, who were cheering him on throughout the match. Federer's victory was the highlight of a day that saw a number of other top players, including Rafael Nadal, Novak Djokovic, and Ashleigh Barty, win their opening matches. The men's and women's singles tournaments are set to get even more exciting over the coming days, with some of the world's best players battling it out for the coveted Wimbledon trophy.  In conclusion, Federer's masterclass performance against Giraldo was a treat for tennis fans all around the world. The Swiss maestro looks in excellent form and will be hoping to continue his winning ways throughout the tournament. If he manages to do so, he could well add another Wimbledon title to his already illustrious career.