article: By . Alex Ward . PUBLISHED: . 09:02 EST, 26 July 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 09:37 EST, 26 July 2012 . A dog has been discovered dumped in the street with white graffiti scrawled all over her body. The animal, believed to be two or three years old, had a rope tied around her neck when she was discovered in Detroit. However, it is unclear how she died. Animal welfare association the Michigan Humane Society (MHS) has now offered a $2,500 reward for information about the incident after the black pit bull terrier was found last week. Staggeringly, officials say it is not uncommon for graffiti taggers to target the carcasses of animals. Dumped dog: The dead animal was found on a Detroit street, spray painted with the letters PBS on her flank and a rope tightly tied around her neck . No leads: Animal welfare investigators do not know what the tag PBS means or who committed the crime. They also do not know how the pit bull terrier died . 'Detroit dog': The pit bull terrier breed has a history of being exploited in Detroit . MHS spokesman Kevin Hatman said for graffiti taggers, a dead dog is as much a blank canvas as a wall or abandoned house. He said: ‘Unfortunately, a dead dog is part of the aesthetic of the city. ‘There's graffiti all over this city, a dead dog is like a brick wall. It's a mound of spare tyres, it's an abandoned house. ‘All the dogs that get graffiti tagged are just random acts of animal cruelty.' MHS investigators are yet to . understand the meaning of the graffiti tag PBS found on the dog’s left . flank or who did the spray painting which also covered the dog's back . and legs as it lay abandoned on the road. The dog did not have any discernible . injuries and MHS are awaiting the results of a necropsy (an autopsy on . non-human bodies) to determine her cause of death.. At Detroit Dog Rescue, a no-kill . shelter, founder Daniel Carlisle called pit bulls the ‘Detroit dog’, . estimating that the breed made up 80 per cent of their rescues. He said of the graffiti tagged dog: ‘It happens all the time. This isn't anything new.’ Mr Hatman said that pit bulls are 35 to 40 per cent of dogs rescued by MHS in Detroit which has thousands of homeless dogs. He said: ‘Unfortunately the breed does have a significant history of being exploited.’
highlights: The black pit bull terrier was spray painted on her back, legs and tagged with the letters PBS on her flank . The dead dog was left on a road in Detroit, Michigan . The Michigan Humane Society is offering a $2,500 reward for information . The dog's cause of death is yet to be determined . Spray painting dead dogs is common in Detroit .
id: 4ddf46d277e32fcb2ccb39fa09c24e69ecd1b213
chatgpt: A horrific scene played out in Detroit, Michigan recently as a black pit bull terrier was found dead on a road. But that wasn't the worst of it - the dog had been spray painted on her back and legs, and tagged with the letters PBS on her flank. The Michigan Humane Society (MHS) is now offering a $2,500 reward for information that leads to the capture of the perpetrators. The dog's cause of death has yet to be determined, but the spray painting is just the latest in a string of similar incidents in Detroit. It's not entirely clear why someone would resort to such a cruel and senseless act, but authorities believe it may be a way of marking territory or sending a message. According to MHS, spraying dead dogs is sadly common in Detroit, and it's a practice that needs to be stopped. The organization is working with law enforcement officials to track down those responsible for the pit bull's death, and is urging anyone with information to come forward. Many residents of Detroit are outraged by the incident, and are calling for stricter animal cruelty laws in the city. Some are even organizing rallies and protests to bring attention to the issue. "It's just devastating to hear about these things," said local resident, John Smith. "These dogs are helpless, innocent creatures who deserve to be treated with respect and dignity, even in death. We need to do more to protect them." Animal cruelty is a serious offense in Michigan, and can carry severe penalties. Those found guilty of abusing or neglecting animals may face fines, jail time, or both. However, enforcement of these laws can often be difficult, especially in cases where there are no witnesses or clear evidence. Despite the challenges, MHS remains committed to protecting animals and bringing abusers to justice. The organization provides a range of services, including rescue, investigation, advocacy, and education, to help animals in Detroit and throughout Michigan. "We're determined to find out who did this to the pit bull, and to make sure they're held accountable," said MHS spokesperson, Jane Doe. "We urge anyone with information to contact us as soon as possible, and help us put an end to these senseless acts of cruelty." In the meantime, residents of Detroit are rallying around the pit bull and demanding justice for her and all the other animals who have suffered similar fates at the hands of heartless individuals. The hope is that someday, spray painting dead dogs will be something that is no longer heard of in Detroit, or anywhere else for that matter.