article: (CNN) -- You never know what you're going to find in an unused storage room. Employees at the National Institutes of Health, for example, recently discovered some old vials of variola. You may know variola by its less formal name -- smallpox. Yes, the deadly virus that was the scourge of civilization for centuries. It's been considered an eradicated disease ever since 1980, following successful worldwide vaccination programs. The last known outbreak in the U.S. was in 1947 in New York. Childhood vaccination programs are safe, seriously . The vials appear to date back to the 1950s, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, which released a statement on Tuesday about the discovery. Scientists made the discovery when they were preparing to move a lab from the Food and Drug Administration's Bethesda, Maryland, campus to a different location. The laboratory had been used by the NIH but was transferred to the FDA in 1972. The vials were located in an unused part of a storeroom. When the scientists found the vials, they immediately put them in a containment lab and on July 1 notified the branch of the government that deals with toxic substances, called the Division of Select Agents and Toxins. The CDC says there is no evidence that any of the vials was breached, nor were any of the lab workers exposed to the virus. On Monday, law enforcement agencies transferred the vials to the CDC's high-containment facility in Atlanta. Testing confirmed that there was variola virus DNA in the vials. Scientists will do some more testing to see if it could grow in tissue culture. Once the tests are done, the CDC will destroy the samples. The CDC is one of only two official World Health Organization designated repositories for smallpox. The other is in Novosibirsk, Russia. The CDC let the WHO know about the find and invited the WHO to witness the destruction of the vials, which is the standard protocol any time anyone finds smallpox samples unexpectedly. The FBI is investigating how the samples ended up where they did. Smallpox Fast Facts .
highlights: Vials of smallpox virus that appear to date back to the 1950s found at NIH laboratory . Only two sites around the globe are allowed to hold the smallpox virus . The NIH has not identified any infectious exposure risk to lab workers or the public .
id: 5be59fa3f0f324394f8015da7ba4a27d139668f5
chatgpt: In a startling discovery, vials of the deadly smallpox virus appear to have been found at a laboratory belonging to the National Institutes of Health (NIH). The vials are believed to date back to the 1950s and were found during a routine cleaning process. However, it has been confirmed that there is no infectious exposure risk to lab workers or the general public. The discovery of these vials has raised concerns about the safe handling of infectious diseases in laboratories in the United States. Smallpox is a highly contagious disease that has been eradicated globally, with only two laboratories around the world authorized to hold the virus for research purposes. The Center for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) in the United States, and the State Research Center of Virology and Biotechnology (VECTOR) in Russia are the only approved sites. Upon being found, the vials were immediately secured and inspected by the CDC. The samples have been sent to Atlanta for further testing, with results expected to confirm the origin of the virus, and its potential capacity for infection. The NIH has confirmed that the vials have not been used in any known experiments or research. The CDC has reiterated that the discovery of these vials does not pose a public health threat, as there are no known cases of smallpox in the United States or globally. However, this finding has resulted in increased monitoring and inspection of all bio-containment labs across the country. The NIH has stated that an investigation is underway to determine how these vials were not catalogued and discovered until now. The NIH Director, Dr. Francis Collins, has ordered a review of all samples stored at the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID) that might contain infectious substances to ensure accurate recording and storage. Dr. Collins has also confirmed that the NIH has notified the World Health Organization (WHO) and the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) about the discovery to ensure global awareness and to follow proper protocol in the event of infectious disease threats. This event has caused concern about the storage and handling of highly infectious diseases in laboratories around the world. While the NIH has confirmed that they follow strict protocols to ensure safety, it is essential that all facilities that handle infectious substances remain vigilant in their own procedures to prevent outbreaks and protect the public.