article: Friends and relatives Wednesday paid their respects to Tyler Doohan, the 8-year-old upstate New York boy who helped rescue six relatives from a fire but then perished while trying to save his grandfather. In a Mass at St. John of Rochester Catholic Church, Tyler was honored with a firefighter's funeral. The funerals of two other relatives who also died in the fire were held at the same time. The church was filled with mourners, including basketball players from Wisconsin Silver Lake College, who were so moved by his story that they traveled to New York to be pallbearers. In addition, firefighters from multiple jurisdictions stood at attention in Class A dress uniforms as bagpipers played traditional music, as is customary when a firefighter is laid to rest. Penfield Fire Chief Chris Ebmeyer declared Tyler an honorary firefighter and presented his family with a special fire helmet inscribed with the boy's name. "This is a helmet we give to the family to symbolize that Tyler is indeed a part of the brotherhood of firefighters, as an honorary firefighter in Penfield," Ebmeyer said. Tyler's mother, Crystal Vrooman, spoke of her son. "You're a hero, baby," she said through tears. "You did it huge. I know you're watching this go on, and you should be so proud of yourself." Tyler's fourth-grade teacher, Denise Alfieri, also spoke at the service, "Monday January 20th was the day that changed our lives forever," she said, reflecting on the loss felt in her classroom the day the boy perished. "There is an emptiness and a void that now fills Room 240." Tyler, an East Rochester resident, was staying at the home of relatives in Penfield on January 19 when he noticed a fire in the singlewide trailer, officials said. As firefighters and sheriff's deputies responded to a 4:45 a.m. emergency call, Tyler was able to wake six other people in the small trailer, including two more children, ages 4 and 6, the fire officials said. Then Tyler went back into the blaze to help his grandfather, who was disabled and would have been unable to get out of the home on his own. "By that time, the fire had traveled to the back of the trailer," Ebmeyer said at the time. "Unfortunately, they both succumbed to heat and smoke." The pair were found together on a bed in the back room. It appeared that the boy was trying to lift his grandfather from the bed when he was overcome by the smoke and fire, fire officials said.
highlights: Tyler Doohan, 8, saved six relatives from a fire in New York state . The boy lost his own life trying to save his grandfather . He was laid to rest Wednesday as an honorary firefighter .
id: 8c4ab0f2765ecddc1aa0adef5e6af03e78091db1
chatgpt: An eight-year-old boy in New York state sacrificed his own life to save six of his relatives from a deadly fire that claimed his life. Tyler Doohan was hailed as a hero after his brave actions helped save the lives of his grandmother, step-great-grandfather, and four other relatives. On January 20, 2014, Tyler was sleeping over at his grandparents' trailer in Penfield, New York, when a fire broke out. At around 4 in the morning, Tyler's quick thinking helped him alert the other family members who were inside. He then helped them get out of the burning trailer through a window. Tyler's heroic act, however, ultimately cost him his life. While trying to save his grandfather, who was still trapped inside the trailer, he got trapped in the flames and was unable to escape. The fire eventually claimed his life, but not before he had saved six others. The tragic incident immediately drew attention, and Tyler's bravery quickly became the talk of the town. The Penfield Fire Department even made him an honorary firefighter in recognition of his heroism. The news of Tyler's death also spread quickly around the country, and many people expressed their condolences to the little boy's family. Tyler's funeral, held on Wednesday, was attended by hundreds of people, including family friends and members of the fire department. During the funeral service, the Penfield Fire Department presented Tyler's parents with a special plaque honoring their son's bravery. The plaque read: "In memory of Tyler Doohan, who gave his life while rescuing his family. Although he may not have been a firefighter by profession, he certainly was in deed." Many people who attended the funeral were moved by the incredible bravery that Tyler had shown on the day of the fire. Some even left flowers and notes of appreciation at the site of the fire, where a makeshift memorial had been set up to honor his memory. The tragedy of Tyler's death has struck a chord with people around the world, with many using social media to express their gratitude and respect for the young boy's bravery. Posts on Twitter and Facebook have gone viral, as thousands of people have shared their thoughts and condolences with Tyler's family. Indeed, Tyler's story is one that will be remembered for years to come. His bravery in the face of danger has inspired many, and his determination to save his family will always be a testament to the true meaning of selflessness and courage. Tyler may no longer be with us, but his spirit will live on in the hearts of all those who knew and loved him.