article: (CNN) -- A mining company has found what may be the largest gold deposit ever found in the British Isles, the company's chairman said Tuesday. The price of gold is at historic highs, making new prospects very valuable. Drill samples indicate more than 1 million ounces of gold may lie below what is now rolling Irish countryside, said Richard Conroy, the chairman of Dublin, Ireland-based Conroy Diamonds and Gold. With the price of gold near historic highs, the find could be worth as much as $300 million on the market, Conroy told CNN. The company has been working for 10 years to find gold in a 1,500-square kilometer (600-square-mile) area spanning the border between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland, he said. The site where the company found the gold is near Clontibret, a village in the northern part of Ireland, he said. "I think it's a major development in Ireland that we now have a significant gold resource," Conroy said. "It's the largest amount of gold, the largest number of ounces, that's ever been reported in Ireland, or indeed in either Britain or Ireland." The price of gold is currently around $900 an ounce on global commodities markets. Factoring in costs for mine construction and operation, Conroy said, the gold near Clontibret could fetch roughly $300 million. The company now plans to do more drilling at the site and conduct feasibility studies before moving ahead, he said. An analyst cautioned, however, that the reported amount of gold is still only an estimate. "Until you've actually mined the stuff, there's always a moderate level of uncertainty," said William Tankard, a senior analyst at metals consultancy GFMS in London. One million ounces, if confirmed, would be significant for both Conroy and Ireland, Tankard said. Ireland has small precious metal deposits but nothing as large as Conroy's reported find, Tankard said. Conroy said only one gold mine is currently active in Ireland. "By no means is it world-leading, but a million ounces is certainly worth thinking about," Tankard said. Tankard added that the quality of the gold -- including grade and how concentrated it is -- will also affect its value.
highlights: Company finds what may be largest gold deposit found in Britain or Ireland . More than one million ounces of gold may lie below rolling Irish countryside . With price of gold near historic highs, find could be worth as much as $300m .
id: 1df14bd442bd39ed653aa77a1e77105d4b321db0
chatgpt: A company has announced that it may have discovered the largest gold deposit ever found in Britain or Ireland. The deposit is believed to lie beneath the rolling countryside of Ireland, consisting of over one million ounces of gold. With the value of gold currently nearing historic highs, the potential worth of the deposit could exceed $300m. The discovery was made by a mining company, which has been conducting exploratory drilling in the region for several years. Results from the latest drilling campaign revealed a significant deposit of gold beneath the earth's surface. The company said that the deposit is located in an area that has been largely unexplored by the mining industry. It is believed that the deposit extends over several miles and could contain considerably more gold. Analysts have estimated that the deposit could contain over 20 times the amount of gold that has been mined in Ireland over the last 50 years. The potential value of the deposit is also significant, with gold currently trading at almost $1,800 per ounce. The discovery of such a large deposit of gold could have a significant impact on the Irish economy, particularly in the region where the deposit is located. The development of a new gold mine would create jobs and stimulate economic growth in an area that has traditionally relied on agriculture. However, there are also concerns about the environmental impact of mining in the region. The Irish government has said that it will carefully consider any applications for mining licenses, and will seek to ensure that any mining activities are conducted in a responsible and sustainable manner. If permission is granted for mining to take place, it could be several years before the first gold is extracted. Mining activity involves a long and complex process that must be carried out carefully to ensure that the natural environment is not damaged. Despite these concerns, the discovery of a large gold deposit in Ireland is seen as a significant development that could have major implications for the mining industry in Europe. It is likely that other companies will now begin exploring the region, hoping to uncover similar deposits of precious metals. For the mining company that made this discovery, the potential rewards are significant. If the deposit is as large as initial estimates suggest, it could become a major source of revenue and a new frontier in the world of mining.