article: A huge blast has ripped through an Iranian explosives factory linked to to the country's controversial nuclear programme - killing two workers and shattering windows nine miles away. The incident took place at Iran's Parchin military site, which is located around 19 miles southeast of the capital Tehran, the official IRNA news agency reported today. The pro-reform website, Sahamnews, said the explosion yesterday evening was so intense that the glare from the blast could be seen from miles away. Scroll down for video . The site of the explosion, Parchin military base, is situated 19 miles southeast of Tehran. The UN's nuclear watchdog has long suspected that the complex was used in the development of a nuclear weapons capability . The semi-official Iranian Students News Agency (Isna) said the fire was in an 'explosive materials production unit'. They quoted Iran's defence industries organisation, saying: 'Unfortunately, due to the incident, two workers of this production unit lost their lives.' The U.N. nuclear watchdog, the IAEA, believe Iran carried out explosives tests at Parchin around a decade ago that could be related to an attempt to develop a nuclear weapons capability. Iran has been refusing the agency access to the complex since 2005. Officials now fear that the Iranian government is seeking to cleanse the compound of evidence. But Tehran says Parchin is a conventional military facility and . that its nuclear programme is entirely peaceful. It has often . accused its enemies of seeking to sabotage its atomic . activities. Prime Minister David Cameron meets with Iranian President Hassan Rouhani at the UN General Assembly in New York in September . Israel and the US have not ruled out military . action against Iran if diplomacy fails to resolve a decade-old . dispute over Tehran's nuclear programme. But Iran is currently in negotiations with six world powers on a permanent agreement over its nuclear industry. Talks are focused on lifting Western sanctions in exchange for a scaling-back of Iran's uranium enrichment programme, and a deadline for the agreement has been set for November 24. Three years ago, Iran announced that a massive explosion at a military . base 28 miles west of Tehran had killed 17 Revolutionary . Guards, including the head of the elite force's missile . programme. It said the blast was caused by an accident while . weapons were being moved.
highlights: Incident took place at Parchin military base, 19 miles southeast of Tehran . Explosion produced an intense glare that could be seen from miles away . UN suspect base has been used in development of nuclear weapons in past . And Iran has so far refused to grant international watchdogs access to area . Tehran claims Parchin is a conventional military facility .
id: 27a13a47d33ff90c281c31af47a009700f91cbba
chatgpt: An explosion occurred at the Parchin military base, located 19 miles southeast of Tehran, on Sunday evening. The blast was so intense that it produced a glare that could be seen from miles away. The United Nations and other international agencies suspect that the base has been used in the past for the development of nuclear weapons. Iran has refused to grant the international watchdogs access to the area, further fueling suspicions. Some officials suspect that the explosion is a result of sabotage. According to Iranian officials, the explosion happened at a gas storage facility in a “public area” of the military base. They claim that there were no casualties, and it caused no damage to other areas of the base. However, international experts remain skeptical and have demanded more information. Parchin has been a subject of international scrutiny for years. Iran has long maintained that the base is a conventional military facility, but the international community’s suspicions of its nuclear activities have persisted. In 2015, as part of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, Iran agreed to allow the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) access to the base, but only under very limited circumstances. The IAEA was allowed to take samples from designated areas, but they were not permitted to visit other sections of the base. The explosion at the Parchin military base is likely to further exacerbate tensions between Iran and the international community. The United States and other countries have long suspected that Iran has been developing nuclear weapons in secret, despite Tehran’s denials. The Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, which was signed in 2015, placed restrictions on Iran's nuclear activities in exchange for relief from economic sanctions. However, tensions between the United States and Iran have increased since the Trump administration withdrew from the agreement in 2018. The incident at Parchin comes at a time when tensions between Iran and its neighbors in the Gulf region are already high. The United States and Iran have been engaged in a war of words and acts of aggression in recent months. The U.S. has accused Iran of being responsible for a series of attacks on oil tankers in the Gulf of Oman, which Tehran denies. Iran has not yet officially commented on the explosion at the Parchin military base. However, some Iranian officials have suggested that the incident was a deliberate act of sabotage. They have also warned that it could be a prelude to military action against Iran. In the absence of any concrete information, the cause of the explosion at the Parchin military base remains unclear. However, it is likely to have serious repercussions in the already volatile region. The international community will be looking for answers, and Iran will need to reassure its neighbors and the world that it is not developing nuclear weapons in secret.