article: By . Sam Webb . PUBLISHED: . 04:43 EST, 29 March 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 05:42 EST, 21 May 2013 . Comic Russell Brand claimed a pair of male celebrities were child abusers to a large television studio audience yesterday. During a break in the filming of Brand X, his U.S. TV chat show that is filmed in London but not shown in Britain, Brand, 37, said the two men were paedophiles during a monologue about disgraced TV presenter Jimmy Saville and Operation Yewtree, the police investigation into historical child abuse in the world of showbusiness. The Daily Star reported he told the stunned crowd: 'And you've got the lesser ones... the underlings. There's ______.' Russel Brand, pictured arriving for filming of Brand X at the Duchess Theatre on March 14, has alleged that two TV stars are paedophiles . He added: 'And some say old ______ is playing around.' Neither of the men mentioned have ever been convicted of a sex offence. He also told the 200 guests at the Duchess Theatre in Covent Garden that the investigation made the controversy surrounding the call he made to actor Andrew Sachs joking about sleeping with his granddaughter, egged on by TV star Jonathan Ross, not quite as controversial. Speaking of the incident, widely known as Sachsgate, he said: 'It puts the whole Sachsgate thing into perspective doesn't it? '"I f***** your adult granddaughter". Not quite the same, is it?' A member of the audience said the comedian and movie actor made the audience uncomfortable when he made the claims. He said: 'No-one had heard these stars linked to the Savile case. They didn't have a clue until then.' Controversial: Russell Brand in West Hollywood. He said Sachsgate paled in significance to the current controversy over alleged sexual abuse . The newspaper contacted the agents of the two men named for comment, one said they had not heard of the incident and had no comment. The other was not available. Brand and Jonathan Ross caused a national scandal in 2008 when they left smutty messages on veteran actor Andrews Sachs's answerphone during a pre-recorded Radio 2 show. Ross said that Brand had sex with his granddaughter Georgina Baillie. Break-up: Katy Perry and Russell Brand married in 2010 but are now divorced . It led to the departure of the Radio 2 station controller, and both Brand and Ross left the BBC as a result of the fallout. The two apologised for their actions. Brand married pop star Katy Perry in 2010 but filed for divorce after just 14 months of marriage in December 2011, citing 'irreconcilable differences.' Brand said in a statement at the time: 'Sadly, Katy and I are ending our marriage. I'll always adore her and I know we'll remain friends.' Brand (left) previously got into hot water with Jonathan Ross (right) after the two made a prank phone call to veteran actor Andrew Sachs . Sorry we are unable to accept comments for legal reasons.
highlights: TV comic made the allegations during Brand X filming in London . He was talking to the audience during a break in filming . Also claims sex abuse furore makes Sachsgate look minor .
id: 50d5f2a57e3e9e8cbb30043172456bf5d37b563a
chatgpt: A TV comic has made explosive allegations during the filming of his latest show. Speaking to the audience during a break in filming, the comedian, whose identity has not been revealed, claimed that the recent sex abuse furore makes the Sachsgate scandal look minor in comparison. The comedian's claims have sent shockwaves through the industry, with many wondering if more allegations of sexual misconduct will surface. The Sachsgate scandal, which took place in 2008, involved a prank call made to Andrew Sachs by Russell Brand and Jonathan Ross on BBC Radio 2. The comedian's allegations were made during filming of his new show, Brand X, in London. The show, which has not yet aired, is hosted by Russell Brand and focuses on social and political issues. It is not clear what prompted the comedian to make the allegations, or whether they are based on personal experiences or hearsay. The sex abuse furore that the comedian referred to likely includes the accusations against movie mogul Harvey Weinstein, which sparked the #MeToo movement and a wave of revelations about sexual harassment and abuse in the entertainment industry. The allegations made by the TV comic suggest that there may be more revelations to come, and that the Sachsgate scandal may soon be overshadowed. The comedian's claims have not been confirmed, but they highlight the growing concern about sexual misconduct in the entertainment industry. Many have called for stronger protections for those who speak out against abuse, as well as stricter policies to prevent harassment and abuse from occurring in the first place. The revelations about Weinstein and others have led to a sea change in the entertainment industry, with many celebrities coming forward to share their own experiences of harassment and abuse. The industry has also taken steps to address the issue, with new codes of conduct and training programs for workers. Despite these efforts, however, there is still a long way to go to root out sexual misconduct in the industry. The comedian's allegations serve as a stark reminder that there may be many more stories of abuse and harassment that have yet to be uncovered. It remains to be seen whether the comedian's claims will be substantiated, or how they will impact the industry as a whole. But one thing is clear: the entertainment industry must do more to protect its workers and ensure that everyone can work in a safe and respectful environment.