article: Jane Asher has admitted she was wrong to be so cynical as her bakeware range launched at Poundland has been so successful sales have soared past £2 million. Celebrity cake-maker Jane, 68, admits that she had doubts when she was offered a role as ambassador for the high street chain. But now the mother of three says that the link-up is a 'terrific fit' and even jokes that Poundland should be called Jane AsherLand. Jane's bargain bakeware range at Poundland has seen sales in excess of £2 million . The thrifty store first introduced the bargain bakeware last year ahead of the hugely popular Great British Bake Off TV show. It was revealed yesterday in The Grocer magazine that the 80 product range was the store's most popular and fastest-selling line yet. The magazine further reported that collection which launched in April this year has generated sales in excess of £2 million. Despite the huge success of the range Jane says she never expected it to do so well as she was concerned about the product quality. 'I'm not an obvious match for Poundland. It sounds soppy, but people trust that I use what I promote . 'I assumed they would source some stuff from the Far East and I would say "this is going to fall to bits" and that would be that, but it wasn't like that at all' she told The Grocer. Jane assumed that her range would be bad quality but she has been pleasantly surprised by the cheap products on offer . Jane went on to say that by convincing a sceptic such as herself Poundland would be able to attract other sceptical shoppers. 'I've been as surprised as anyone by being so wrong which is why I think it's very clever of them to use someone like me. 'It's ended up being a terrific fit. They are the nicest company I have ever worked for and I've worked with a lot.' Although Jane says that she is very proud of her range she says that perhaps it is not best suited for highly ambitious bakers. 'I love the idea you can have scales for a pound. Now, they are not going to last you. If you were seriously into baking they would drive you mad, but for a child, or for somebody starting off, they are perfect.' The celebrity baker even hopes that shop will go as far to credit her in the store name. ' I said we might have to make it Jane AsherLand. It's the only answer. ' Jane, who lives in London's affluent Chelsea, says she is a big fan of Waitrose when it comes to shopping for food however she also  says she enjoys shopping in discounted retailers and hopes to see a pound shop on the Kings Road soon. 'There aren't many near here in posh snobby Chelsea. We don't have a Poundland either. But it wouldn't surprise me if we see one soon.'
highlights: Jane launched her range for Poundland in April . She says to begin with she was sceptical of working with the brand . 80 product range is store's fastest selling line . The baker now says she was wrong to be so cynical .
id: 5ba1ade7d1bb06cbc27bde1b5c4ca77f8197862c
chatgpt: In April of this year, celebrity baker Jane launched her range of products for discount store Poundland. At the time of the launch, Jane admitted to being sceptical about working with the brand, but now she has praised Poundland for their support and called herself “wrong to be so cynical.” The range, which consists of 80 baking and kitchen items, has proved to be the retail giant’s fastest selling line, with customers snapping up everything from mixing bowls to cookie cutters. Jane, who rose to fame on the television show The Great British Bake Off, told reporters that her partnership with Poundland had exceeded her expectations. “I was a bit uncertain about it at first,” she said. “I wasn’t sure if my products would fit in with Poundland’s image. But they’ve been really supportive, and I’m thrilled with how the range has been received.” The products, which are all priced at a pound or less, have been particularly popular with budget-conscious shoppers who want to recreate Jane’s baking creations at home without breaking the bank. “I’m thrilled that my range is helping more people to enjoy baking and cooking,” said Jane. “It’s great to see people getting excited about trying new recipes and techniques.” The launch of Jane’s range has also been a boost for Poundland, which has been expanding its range of branded products as it seeks to woo shoppers away from more upmarket supermarkets. “We’re delighted with the success of Jane’s range,” said a spokesman for the retailer. “It’s exceeded our expectations in terms of sales, and we’ve had some really positive feedback from customers too.” The partnership between Jane and Poundland has been seen as a win-win for both parties. While Jane has enjoyed increased exposure and a new revenue stream, Poundland has been able to tap into a new market of baking enthusiasts who might not have shopped with them before. For Poundland, the launch of Jane’s range was part of a wider branding strategy aimed at repositioning the company as a destination for families and home cooks. Alongside the baking range, the store has also launched a range of own-brand kitchenware and tableware. The strategy appears to be working. Despite the ongoing economic uncertainty caused by Brexit, Poundland has reported year-on-year sales growth of 3.3% for the first quarter of this year. As for Jane, she is now looking ahead to the future and said she would be keen to work with Poundland again in the future. “I’ve loved every minute of working with Poundland,” she said. “It’s been a great partnership, and I’m looking forward to seeing where it takes us next.”