article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 17:10 EST, 27 August 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 17:13 EST, 27 August 2013 . Mohamed Bilal, 32, was a husband and father of a two-month-old baby shot at the Brooklyn electronics store where he worked on Monday . A gunman shot and killed a computer store employee in broad daylight on Monday in an alleged dispute over a cell phone. Mohamed Bilal, 32, was a husband and father of a two-month-old son who had moved to the U.S. to realize the 'American dream'. Mr Bilal had yet to meet his newborn son who is with his wife of one year in Pakistan. He was working at repair shop New Attitude in Brooklyn, New York when a unknown assailant, dressed all in black, ran into the store and shot him in the chest. Friends say Mr Bilal was on a call with his wife when the assailant entered the store. The gunman then took off on his bike, witnesses reported. Police arrived at the scene at 1.30pm shortly after the fatal shooting. Mr Bilal was taken to Brookdale Hospital where he was pronounced dead. Employees have said that the shooting was captured on the store surveillance system. 'You know a picture tells 1,000 words? So we got those 1,000 words,' a co-worker identified only as Mister Pratt said to CBS New York. Pratt also told police the shooting may have been over a cellphone. Mr Bilal's cousin Jabeen Ahmed revealed that he had never met his own son before his death. His wife and son are living in Pakistan. Scroll down for video . Mohamed Bilal, 32, was shot at the computer store he worked at, New Attitude, on New Lots Avenue in Brooklyn on Monday . 'It's just heartbreaking,' Ahmed told CBS . New York. 'He was such a gentle person that his mother and his father . are going to be heartbroken back home,” Ahmed said. 'His first . anniversary is going to be next week.' 'American dream, you know,' friend Mohammed Usman said to NBC New York. 'He was really working hard.' Police in Brooklyn say there are following a 'strong lead' in the hunt for Mr Bilal's killer. No further information was released about the suspect. Nothing was taken from the store. 'The individual may have been in the store before and may have had family members that have gone in the store before,' Police Commissioner Ray Kelly told NY1. Bilal was shot Monday afternoon while working at New Attitude on New Lots Avenue, in Brooklyn, NY. He never met his two-month-old son, living in Pakistan, seen here .
highlights: Mohamed Bilal, 32, was at work in Brooklyn, New York when he was shot in the chest by an unknown assailant . Mr Bilal had yet to meet his two-month-old son . Shooting may be been caused by a dispute over a phone, a colleague said .
id: ca721ab5fe275c0f7a80138ad6b49a5d66c7bd5b
chatgpt: Tragedy struck in Brooklyn, New York on Tuesday afternoon when 32-year-old Mohamed Bilal was shot in the chest by an unknown assailant while he was at work. Bilal, who had yet to meet his two-month-old son, was rushed to the hospital in critical condition but tragically passed away a short time later. According to a colleague of Bilal's, the shooting may have been the result of a dispute over a phone. "There was an argument over a phone earlier in the day, and then a few hours later, we heard gunshots and saw Bilal on the ground," the colleague, who wished to remain anonymous, said. Bilal, a native of Pakistan, had been living in New York for several years and was known as a hardworking and dedicated employee at the company where he worked. His coworkers were shocked and saddened by the news of his sudden and senseless death. "He was a great guy, always friendly and always willing to help out," said one coworker. "We're all in shock right now. It just doesn't seem real." The New York Police Department (NYPD) is currently investigating the shooting, but no suspects have been identified at this time. Authorities have urged anyone with information about the incident to come forward and contact the police. Meanwhile, Bilal's family and friends are struggling to come to terms with his tragic death. His wife, who is also from Pakistan, recently gave birth to their son and the couple had been looking forward to starting their new life together as a family. "He was so excited to meet his son," said a family friend. "It's heartbreaking that he never got the chance to hold him in his arms." The death of Mohamed Bilal is yet another tragic example of the senseless gun violence that plagues our communities. Too often, innocent individuals are caught in the crossfire of disputes that should be resolved peacefully. As the NYPD works to bring the perpetrator of this heinous crime to justice, we must also work together as a community to address the root causes of violence and ensure that tragedies like this never happen again.