article: New York (CNN) -- A woman suspected of snatching an infant from a New York hospital in 1987 has been indicted on federal kidnapping charges, according to court papers released Thursday. Ann Pettway was charged with one count of kidnapping in the abduction of Carlina Renae White, now 23, who was reunited with her biological mother in January. According to court documents filed in the case last month, Pettway admitted to taking the girl from a Harlem hospital after suffering several miscarriages. The grand jury said Pettway "willfully and knowingly" seized the baby, according to a copy of the indictment from the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York. Pettway turned herself in last month at the FBI office in Bridgeport, Connecticut, FBI spokesman William Reiner said. She faces up to 20 years to life in prison and a fine of up to $250,000 if convicted. White tracked down her birth family in early January, saying she had had a nagging feeling all her life that she was brought up by a family to which she didn't belong. Ernie Allen, president and CEO of the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children, said White's suspicions grew after the woman who raised her could not produce a birth certificate for her. White's mother, Joy White, told the New York Post last month that she last saw her daughter when she was 19 days old. She took her to a Harlem hospital on August 4, 1987, because the baby had a high fever, a New York police official said. Carlina was admitted to the hospital, and her mother went home to rest. When she returned, the baby was gone. "That was a big part of my heart that was just ripped apart," Carlina White's biological father, Carl Tyson, told the Post regarding her disappearance. Pettway is scheduled for a hearing on February 24.
highlights: The grand jury said the defendant "willfully and knowingly" seized the baby . Defendant Pettway turned herself in last month . Carlina Renae White, now 23, was reunited with her birth mother last month .
id: 36ab4900369bf33fd74ccc63f1152eae1d3805f1
chatgpt: In a startling development to the Carlina White case, a grand jury has indicted Ann Pettway on charges of kidnapping a newborn baby from a New York hospital 23 years ago. The defendant allegedly "willfully and knowingly" seized the baby and raised her as her own child. Pettway surrendered to authorities last month, after a decades-long manhunt for the culprit responsible for snatching White. White's story has captivated the nation since she was reunited with her birth mother, Joy White, last month. The two were separated shortly after White's birth in 1987, when an unknown woman dressed as a nurse took the infant from Harlem Hospital. For 23 years, Joy White and Carl Tyson, the baby's father, searched for their missing child, even appearing on national television in the hope of finding her. Meanwhile, Pettway was allegedly raising White under the name Nejdra Nance in Bridgeport, Connecticut. White had no idea she was not Pettway's biological daughter until she became suspicious of inconsistencies in Pettway's story, and eventually confronted her. Pettway later turned herself in to the authorities, admitting to abducting the infant. The discovery and reunion brought jubilation to the White family, but the question of justice loomed over the situation. On Tuesday, a federal grand jury concluded that there was probable cause to indict Pettway on one count of kidnapping. If convicted, she could face a maximum of life in prison. Joy White, the victim's mother, expressed satisfaction with the grand jury's decision. "I am glad that justice is being served in this case," she said in a statement. "Our family has waited a long time for this moment, and we hope that justice will be served." The case has highlighted the issue of infant abduction and trafficking, and many have questioned how such a crime could go undetected for so many years. The White family's ordeal underscores the importance of raising awareness about infant abduction and implementing measures to prevent it from happening in the future.