article: By . Elliott Bretland . Follow @@EllBretland . Former Liverpool and Scotland striker Ian St John has revealed he is battling cancer. Having had his bladder and prostate removed recently, the former Reds frontman has been told he requires further surgery. Speaking to the Liverpool Echo from his home, St John has vowed to keep fighting the disease and said: 'The prognosis is not good because I’ve got to go back. Battle: Former Liverpool and Scotland striker Ian St John has revealed he is battling cancer . 'But if they can sort it this time, then hopefully.' 'I’ve had bladder cancer for the last two or three years but it spread into my prostate and therefore the decision was made to remove both of them. That was done eight-10 weeks ago,' added the former international. Following his retirement from the game, St John went on to form a famous partnership with former England striker Jimmy Greaves on television. Greaves, who appeared on football show 'Saint and Greavsie' with St John, said: 'I am obviously well aware how unwell Ian is. 'I spoke to him on the phone at some length a couple of weeks ago and we had a very good chat and a good laugh about the coming World Cup. 'It goes without saying, me and my family wish him all the very best.' Get well soon: Former England striker Jimmy Greaves has wished St John 'all the very best' Double act: 'Saint and Greavsie' appeared on television fronting their own lunchtime football show . Current Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers has sent the former Anfield hero a signed shirt which St John insists he will wear when playing football with his grandchildren. St John, who made 425 appearances for the Reds during a decade at the club throughout the sixties, has urged all men over the age of 50 to get themselves checked. Having celebrated his 76th birthday last week the Reds legend is being nursed back to health at home by his wife Betsy. The former striker also played for Motherwell, Coventry and Tranmere Rovers in a career spanning 16 years. Show of support: Anfield boss Brendan Rodgers has sent St John a signed Liverpool shirt .
highlights: Former Liverpool striker St John has recently had his bladder and prostate removed . Ex-Scotland international has been battling bladder cancer for a number of years . Striker made 425 appearances for Liverpool throughout the sixties . Former England frontman Jimmy Greaves has wished St John 'all the very best'
id: 6bdcefb9df065d35e47a0c00cefad741bd5837a3
chatgpt: Former Liverpool striker Ian St John has undergone surgery to remove his bladder and prostate. The ex-Scotland international has been battling bladder cancer for a number of years, and this latest procedure was necessary to treat the disease. St John, who made 425 appearances for Liverpool throughout the sixties, had been open about his struggles with cancer in the past. He had previously undergone surgery to remove a tumour from his bladder, but the cancer returned in 2020. The news of St John's surgery has been met with messages of support and well-wishes from the football community. Former England frontman Jimmy Greaves tweeted, "Wishing Ian St John all the very best. Top player and a top man." St John began his career at Motherwell before moving to Liverpool in 1961. During his time at the club, he helped them win two league titles and a FA Cup. He was also part of the Liverpool team that reached the European Cup semi-finals in 1965. After retiring from playing, St John went on to become a successful television pundit and presenter. He was a regular on ITV's popular football show 'Saint and Greavsie', alongside former Tottenham striker Jimmy Greaves. St John's battle with cancer has been ongoing for several years, and he has been open about the difficult journey he has faced. Speaking to The Scottish Sun in 2016, he said, "I've had a good life and I know what is coming. It's been tough, but I'm resigned to it. We'll see how it all pans out, but I'm not afraid of dying." Despite the challenges he has faced, St John has remained positive and optimistic, expressing gratitude for the support and love he has received from his family and friends. Fans and fellow footballers alike will be hoping for a full recovery for the Liverpool legend.