article: Paul Scholes believes Raheem Sterling and Jack Wilshere should follow the lead of Juan Mata and play in next summer's European Under 21 Championship, should England qualify. Gareth Southgate's Young Lions take on Croatia in the first leg of their play-off at Molineux on Friday night and head into the match in fine form having won nine of their 10 group games. But former England and Manchester United midfielder Scholes writes in his Independent column that there needs to be a culture change if England are to succeed at Under 21 level. Jack Wilshere - man of the match against San Marino - will be eligible to play for the Under 21s next summer . Liverpool attacker Raheem Sterling should also go the European Under 21 Championship, says Paul Scholes . 'There are too many young players who, having made a senior debut, see a move to the Under 21s as a demotion,' Scholes argues. 'Calum Chambers is a prime example. He went from the Under 19s to the senior team. Then he was in the Under 21s squad this week until the injury to John Stones meant that he returned to the seniors. 'I have no reason to doubt that Chambers would have taken the Under 21s seriously. But if any player needs a reminder, they only have to look as far as Juan Mata. He was part of the Spain squad that won the World Cup in 2010 in South Africa and then went back to the Under-21s the following summer and won the European Championship. Manchester United playmaker Juan Mata celebrates with the World Cup trophy in 2010 . Mata with his Bronze Boot award after helping Spain to the European Under 21 title in Denmark in 2011 . Scholes says that Calum Chambers (above) should not consider an Under 21s call-up a demotion . 'If it is good enough for Mata, why not English lads, too? Should Southgate’s team make it to the tournament, I would advocate taking Raheem Sterling and Jack Wilshere to the tournament next summer, even though they are well-established in the senior team.' Scholes highlights the counter-argument to his point; namely that dropping players who had played in qualifiers for those who haven't would be inherently unfair. But he retorts: 'Does the Football Association want to win something? If the answer is 'Yes', then it is time to be ruthless about getting the best team on the pitch.' Scholes played 66 times for England but never made an appearances for the Under 21s .
highlights: Paul Scholes says an England Under 21 call-up for a senior player such as Calum Chambers shouldn't be considered a demotion . Juan Mata won the European Under 21 Championship with Spain the year after he had been part of their World Cup-winning squad in South Africa . Jack Wilshere and Raheem Sterling eligible for Under 21s next summer . Scholes says both should play if England qualify by beating Croatia .
id: 047d6f48fd30f7802d7527aebeab93423bb5eacd
chatgpt: Former Manchester United and England midfielder, Paul Scholes, has weighed in on the debate surrounding senior players being called up for the England Under 21 squad, stating that it should not be viewed as a demotion. Speaking ahead of England's crucial Euro 2020 qualifying match against Croatia, Scholes praised the quality of the current Under 21 squad but also suggested that some senior players should be considered for selection. "Calum Chambers is someone who has represented England at senior level and it shouldn't be viewed as a demotion for him to play for the Under 21s," Scholes said. The Arsenal defender has played three times for the senior national team but has struggled to maintain a consistent place in the side. He has, however, been a regular for Arsenal this season and is viewed as a key player for the future. Scholes referenced Juan Mata's experience with the Spanish Under 21 side as an example of how senior players can benefit from playing in the youth team. The Manchester United midfielder won the European Under 21 Championship in 2011, a year after being part of Spain's World Cup-winning squad in South Africa. England manager Gareth Southgate has previously spoken about the potential involvement of senior players in the Under 21 set-up, with Jack Wilshere and Raheem Sterling among those who could play a role next summer if England qualify. Scholes believes both players should be included in the Under 21 squad if they are available, stating that the tournament would provide valuable experience for their development. "If England qualify and those players are eligible, then they should be in the squad," he said. "It's a great opportunity for them to play against some of Europe's best young players and to experience tournament football." England currently sit top of their qualifying group and a win against Croatia would secure their place at Euro 2020. The Under 21 side, meanwhile, are preparing for next summer's European Championship in Hungary and Slovenia. Scholes has been highly complimentary of the current Under 21 side, describing them as a "fantastic team" with "lots of potential". The former midfielder has also praised the work of Under 21 manager, Aidy Boothroyd, commenting on his ability to develop young players. With Southgate and his coaching staff keen to build a strong foundation for the future, it remains to be seen whether senior players will be included in next summer's Under 21 squad. However, if they are, Scholes believes it could prove to be a valuable experience for their development as players.