article: Arsene Wenger has hinted Arsenal's transfer business is finished after the capture of Gabriel Paulista. The transfer window shuts on Monday night, but having signed Gabriel and Krystian Bielik, Wenger - who says Francis Coquelin is '99 per cent' certain to sign a new contract - says his chequebook is now likely to stay closed. 'If I wake up in the morning and somebody’s stood in front of my door who is an exceptional player, I will open the door,' Wenger said. 'It looks very unlikely now. I can give you my address if you want.' Gabriel Paulista completed his £11.2million switch from Villarreal to Arsenal on Wednesday . Alexis Sanchez is unlikely to be risked by Arsenal for their game against Aston Villa on Saturday . Manager Arsene Wenger confirmed that Sanchez is unlikely to play at the Emirates Stadium . Gabriel looks set to make his debut for the club against Aston Villa on Sunday afternoon. 'We are in a job where competition exists,' Wenger added. 'The best player of the moment plays. 'He’s ready to go. He’ll be in the squad certainly. He started training on Thursday and he looks fit. 'I saw great quality. His level of concentration, he's quick, has great commitment and he's young.' Wenger said that midfielder Francis Coquelin (left) is '99 per cent' certain to sign a new contract . Sanchez will be given every opportunity to prove his fitness. 'We will test him on Saturday. It is unlikely that I will risk him on Sunday. We’ll see.' And Wenger inferred that he expects Paul Lambert's Villa to start hitting the net on a more regular basis soon. 'There’s a distortion between the quality they have going forward [and their goal record],' he said. 'When you look at the names they have on their team sheet, they have (Christian) Benteke, (Gabriel) Agbonlahor and (Andreas) Weimann who can all score goals. 'They suffered a lot from Agbonlahor’s injury after Benteke was out for a long time. When everybody’s there, it is a team who looks quite dangerous going forward.'
highlights: Arsenal host Aston Villa in the Premier League on Sunday . The Gunners signed Gabriel Paulista from Villarreal this week . Arsene Wenger said he was attracted to Gabriel's 'concentration' Alexis Sanchez is unlikely to be risked by Wenger at the weekend . Click here for all the latest Arsenal news .
id: 2bb45fb62ea8dab378e7920c7ced6376a550bda9
chatgpt: Arsenal are set to host Aston Villa in the Premier League on Sunday in what promises to be a thrilling encounter. The Gunners are coming into the match with renewed confidence following the acquisition of Gabriel Paulista from Villarreal this week. Arsene Wenger, the Arsenal boss, revealed that he was attracted to Gabriel's 'concentration' and believes that the Brazilian center-back will prove to be a valuable addition to the squad. Gabriel, who has previously played for Portuguese clubs Vitoria and CD Nacional, will provide Arsenal with some much-needed defensive steel. Meanwhile, Arsenal's talismanic forward, Alexis Sanchez, is unlikely to be risked by Wenger at the weekend. Sanchez, who has been in sensational form this season, picked up a minor knock in Arsenal's defeat to Stoke City last weekend and is still being assessed by the medical team. It remains to be seen whether he will be fit for the match against Villa. Arsenal, who are currently in fifth place in the Premier League, will be looking to secure a win against Villa in order to keep their title hopes alive. The Gunners have struggled for consistency this season and their form at home has been particularly patchy. However, with the likes of Mesut Ozil and Olivier Giroud in fine form, Arsenal will be confident of overcoming Villa. Villa, on the other hand, have struggled for goals this season and have found themselves hovering dangerously close to the relegation zone. The Midlands-based club will be looking to Christian Benteke and Andreas Weimann to provide them with some much-needed firepower against Arsenal. The match promises to be a closely-fought encounter and both sides will be eager to come out on top. Arsenal will be looking to build on their recent performances and secure a vital win, while Villa will be hoping to cause an upset and boost their survival hopes. For all the latest Arsenal news, click the link provided above.