article: Nico Rosberg continues to wind down before returning to Formula One action with Mercedes in 2015 - by enjoying a coastal drive in his classic car. The 2014 drivers' championship runner-up posted a picture on Twitter showing his Mercedes-Benz 280 SL Pagoda - worth around £80,000 - by a sunny coastal scene on Sunday. He accompanied the photo of his classic 1970 car with the caption: 'Took a great picture of my amazing car on my sunday cruise... @MercedesBenz #classic #loveit.' Nico Rosberg posted a photo on Twitter of his classic Mercedes-Benz 280 SL Pagoda worth around £80,000 . Rosberg will be hoping to go one better in 2015 than he did last season by lifting the drivers' championship . German driver Rosberg was pipped to the 2014 championship by Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton and will be hoping to go one better this campaign. Speaking in December, the 29-year-old said: 'I look forward to the battle again next year when I will try to be even stronger. 'It's going to be an awesome challenge. Lewis' level is extremely high, and this year Lewis was the best driver on the grid. 'But as we saw in the last race in Abu Dhabi when Williams were right there with us, the competition is strong, and other teams aren't going to be asleep either. 'It's impossible to say now, but we're confident we can keep it up for next season because we have a really strong team at the moment. Lewis Hamilton (left) tipped his German Mercedes team-mate to the 2014 drivers' championship . Rosberg (front) goes off the track when battling team-mate Hamilton at the Italian Grand Prix in September . 'Who knows how strong the opposition is going to be. We all need to wait and see.' Rosberg gave credit to Hamilton, who won 11 races to the German's five. Despite the acrimony that surfaced between the pair in Monaco and Belgium, Rosberg feels he has learned his lessons. As to whether he had any regrets, he replied: 'There are things I would do differently, yes of course, that's natural. 'It's often in a difficult experience you grow and learn the most, but regrets, no. 'It's not worth going into details now as to what he would do differently, but all in all it's really been a great year. 'Of course the end result didn't go the way I wanted, but with taking a step back, it's still been such an awesome experience.' Rosberg celebrates finishing second at last season's inaugural Russian Grand Prix by spraying Champagne . The German drives around the Jose Carlos Pace track in Sao Paulo, Brazil, back in November .
highlights: Nico Rosberg finished second in 2014 Formula One drivers' championship . German posted a photo on Twitter of his classic car worth around £80,000 . He owns a Mercedes-Benz  SL Pagoda and drove it around on Sunday . The 29-year-old said he had 'loved' his 'Sunday cruise' in his 'amazing car'
id: 1ca8993a257cdb14cc355a2ba111925eb429addf
chatgpt: Former Formula One World Champion Nico Rosberg recently posted a photo on Twitter of his classic car, a Mercedes-Benz SL Pagoda, worth around £80,000. The German driver, who finished second in the 2014 Formula One drivers' championship, was spotted taking his vintage car out for a "Sunday cruise". Rosberg tweeted the photo of his prized possession, with the caption "Loved my Sunday cruise in this amazing car". The SL Pagoda is known for its sleek, stylish design and powerful engine, making it a highly desirable classic car for enthusiasts. Rosberg, who retired from Formula One racing after winning the championship in 2016, has been an avid collector of classic cars for several years. The SL Pagoda is just one of many vintage vehicles in his collection, which includes other models from Mercedes-Benz, Porsche, and Ferrari. The 29-year-old driver, who is also a keen environmental campaigner, has previously spoken out about his love of classic cars and the need to preserve them for future generations. In 2018, he teamed up with Mercedes-Benz to launch an online initiative to encourage people to share their stories and photos of classic cars. Rosberg's passion for classic cars is not just limited to collecting them. He has also been known to take them out for a spin on occasion, as evidenced by his recent Sunday cruise in the SL Pagoda. Fans were quick to respond to Rosberg's tweet, with many praising him for his love of classic cars and his commitment to preserving them. Rosberg's success on the Formula One circuit has allowed him to indulge in his love of classic cars, and he is not alone in his passion for vintage vehicles. Many other Formula One drivers, such as Lewis Hamilton and Sebastian Vettel, also have extensive collections of classic and vintage cars. As Formula One prepares for the new season, with the first race scheduled for March 28th in Bahrain, fans will be keeping a close eye on their favorite drivers both on and off the track. For Rosberg, it appears that his love of classic cars will continue to be a major part of his life, even as he moves on from the world of Formula One racing.