article: (CNN) -- Kim Yuna is one of South Korea's biggest stars and the ice skater who won the country's first figure skating gold medal at a Winter Olympic Games last year in Vancouver. Known as "Queen Yuna" to her legions of fans, the 20-year old is far from the haughty ice maiden that moniker might suggest. She fronts sellout ice dancing shows and has a plethora of advertising deals that cash in on her wholesome image. She is also the host of TV show "Kiss and Cry" -- a South Korean version of "Dancing with the Stars" on ice -- that she hopes will popularize the sport in South Korea. "When I see those participants enjoying themselves, it is a great joy to me," she said. "Although some of them get hurt once in a while, they enjoy it a lot and I hope the show makes the viewers want to give it a try." Named by TIME magazine as one of the 100 most influential people of 2010, she has trained as an ice skater since she was 5, moving to Toronto at the age of 16 in order to pursue her Olympic ambitions. Her work paid off at the Vancouver Olympics last year, where she scored a record 228.56 points to win gold in women's figure skating. The highest score since the International Skating Union (ISU) judging system began, she beat her own world record and eclipsed her closest rival, Mao Asada of Japan, by a massive 23.06 points. Now having won every "grand slam" title figure skating has to offer, including the World Grand Prix Final, Four Continents Championships and World Championships, she is one of the highest paid athletes in the world, according to Forbes magazine. As well as continuing to skate competitively she's an ambassador for South Korea's bid to host the 2018 Winter Olympics in Pyeongchang. It's a responsibility that makes her more nervous than performing at the Olympics. "I thought my heart would pop out during the presentation (in Lausanne, Switzerland). The nervousness was nothing compared to the performances," she said. "Until then, I had only taken care of my own business. But with this being the wish of many Koreans, the thought of having that expectation of the whole country on my shoulders, even along with other people, worried and unnerved me." CNN spoke to Kim Yuna at the Blush bar of Grand InterContinental Seoul Parnas .
highlights: Ice skater Kim Yuna is a national hero in native South Korea . Won the country's first Winter Olympics gold medal in 2010 . Has own reality TV show, 'Kiss and Cry' and is ambassador for Korean Olympic bid .
id: d0eb375a1929afb0857ba15a13fdc04cc46ca29b
chatgpt: Kim Yuna, the queen of ice skating, has solidified her position as a national hero in her native South Korea. The athlete won her country's first Winter Olympics gold medal in 2010 and has captured the hearts of Koreans ever since. Beyond her skating career, Kim Yuna has also become a prominent figure on Korean television. In 2011, a reality TV show called "Kiss and Cry" was created featuring Kim as one of the judges. The show followed celebrities as they learned and performed figure skating routines, showcasing the sport in a unique way to audiences. Kim Yuna's impact on Korean culture doesn't stop there. In 2018, she was named ambassador for the Korean Olympic bid. She is a well-known advocate in the community for athletics, and her endorsement carries significant weight. Kim Yuna's support for the bid highlights the country's ambitions to become a mecca for sports. Kim Yuna's charm, skill, and success has earned her legions of fans all around the world. She has won numerous awards for her athletic achievements, both in Korea and internationally. Her grace and beauty on the ice, paired with her unrelenting persistence in her pursuits, have become an inspiration for many. Despite retiring from competitive skating, Kim Yuna has continued to have a profound impact on the sport. Her performances and legacy have inspired younger generations to take up the mantle and pursue ice skating as a passion, driving the growth of the sport in Korea. As a part of her efforts to improve the culture surrounding figure skating in Korea, Kim Yuna has launched a skating academy. The academy provides training that encourages personal growth and discipline as well as professional development in the sport. In conclusion, Kim Yuna's achievements go beyond her remarkable accomplishments on the ice. She has become a symbol of inspiration, hard work, and dedication to many Koreans. Her support for Korean sports has helped make her country a dominant force in the Winter Olympics, and her contribution to the sport of figure skating will continue to inspire future generations.