article: Women's drinking is being increasingly cited by men when they file for divorce . It was once a familiar stereotype – the husband staying late in the pub after work, the angry wife fretting over his ruined dinner in the oven. But so-called ‘Sex and the City’ drinking, and women turning to alcohol to cope with stress, has turned the cliche on its head. A growing number of men are filing for divorce as a result of their wives’ excessive drinking, top family lawyers have said. Head of family law at Slater & Gordon, Amanda McAlister, said: ‘The traditional image of the husband spending too long at the pub, while the obedient wife tended to the children is far less common than it was only ten or fifteen years ago.’ She sees 40 to 50 divorces a year where alcohol is a contributing factor – the vast majority where women are the problem. Mrs McAlister said there has been a 70 per cent increase in men citing alcohol misuse in divorce over the past five years. She said some women are ‘Sex and the City drinkers’ who go out to see friends or network. ‘Many of the men who come to me say their wives often don’t come home until 4am,’ she added. More serious are ‘home drinkers’, with problems due to stress or depression, who drink large amounts, often in secret.In these cases, the wife tends to drink large amounts in the home, often in secret, and the husband has found hidden empty bottles of wine and vodka. She added: ‘Husbands, she says, ‘will often initially cite a different reason for divorce, such as that their wife doesn’t work or help around the house. 'It only later comes to light that the reason she’s not doing so is because she’s often drunk or nursing a hangover. 'Men are often embarrassed to discuss their wife’s behaviour, so the prevalence of these issues is only now  coming to light.’ Mrs McAlister recently dealt with the case of a businessman from Cheshire, with three children aged seven, 11 and 14. So-called Sex and the City, after the famous U.S. sitcom, and women turning to alcohol to cope with stress are turning traditional gender drinking cliches on its head . His wife started drinking when she lost her job. She became violent towards him and was arrested for GBH against him. He was granted custody of the children, but lost his job as he became their carer. Elizabeth Hicks is head of family law at Irwin Mitchell. Speaking on behalf of family law group Resolution, said: ‘Women are catching up with men in their reaction to stressful home and work lives. 'Modern society today is such that women can go out with girlfriends and drink in a way that wasn’t possible 10 years ago and some of the effects are being seen in the home. ‘More women are turning to the bottle and unfortunately when there are children involved the effects can be dire.’
highlights: More men filing for divorce as result of wives' excessive drinking . So-called Sex and the City drinking and women turning to alcohol to cope with stress has been blamed for rise . Top lawyer sees 40 to 50 divorces a year where alcohol is a factor .
id: f17950b2a5acee67500b1e2c036b891c4c3771e9
chatgpt: There has been a noticeable increase in the number of men filing for divorce as a result of their wives' excessive drinking, according to top lawyers. A rise in so-called 'Sex and the City drinking' and women turning to alcohol to cope with stress has been blamed for the trend. The pressures of modern life, combined with social anxiety and depression, have led many women to seek solace in alcohol. Women are more likely to use alcohol as a coping mechanism than men, according to a recent study by the National Institute on Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism. This trend has led to a growing number of marriages breaking down due to one partner's excessive drinking. One top divorce lawyer stated that she sees 40 to 50 divorce cases a year where alcohol is a factor in the breakdown of the marriage. The phenomenon of 'Sex and the City drinking' has been named after the popular TV show which depicted women drinking regularly as a way of socialising and dealing with the stresses of modern life. Women have been known to drink excessively to keep up with their peers, which can lead to a breakdown in their mental and physical health. While excessive drinking is a problem for both genders, it can have a particularly damaging effect on relationships. In many cases, a partner's drinking can lead to arguments, infidelity, and ultimately, divorce. Men who are filing for divorce due to their wives' drinking habits report feeling frustrated, angry, and helpless. Many feel that their wives' drinking has changed their personality, making them less reliable, less caring, and less interested in maintaining the relationship. One man who recently filed for divorce stated that his wife's drinking had become a major source of stress in their marriage. "She was always drinking with her friends, and I would come home to find her passed out on the couch," he said. "I felt like I was raising our kids on my own, and it was just too much for me to handle." Another man who had been married for over a decade before filing for divorce described how his wife's drinking had changed her personality. "When she was sober, she was a wonderful person. But when she started to drink, she became a completely different person. She would say hurtful things and pick fights for no reason," he said. It is clear that excessive alcohol consumption can have a devastating effect on relationships, leading to the breakdown of marriages and families. If you or someone you know is struggling with alcohol addiction, it is important to seek help as soon as possible.