article: By . Chris Pleasance . Toyota is recalling 2.27million vehicles worldwide over fears a faulty airbag inflator could explode. The company said it was notifying owners of vehicles involved in a 2013 safety recall, including 766,300 in the U.S., to replace airbag inflators. Previously, it asked dealers to inspect the airbags and only replaced those judged to be faulty. The recall involves about 20 Toyota . models, including some Corolla compacts and Tundra pickups made in . 2003-2004 and some 2002-2004 Lexus SC 430 coupes. Toyota is asking 766,000 U.S. owners affected by last year's recall to have airbag inflators replaced, and is recalling 2.27million vehicles worldwide over fears the parts could explode . The recall involves around 20 Toyota models, including Tundra pickups made between 2003 and 2004 . Of the total number of vehicles affected by the current recall, 650,000 are in Japan and 1.62million in the rest of the world. Toyota said it was expanding the recall . it announced in April 2013 that involved 2.1million vehicles because . the serial numbers that parts maker Takata had provided were incomplete. Nissan and Honda are also investigating whether to recall more vehicles after parts maker Takata admitted that it had not fully identified the flawed components during a 2013 recall. Last year carmakers including Toyota, Honda, Nissan . Motor Co and BMW recalled 3.6 million vehicles due to . problems with the airbag inflator that could potentially explode and . injure the driver or passengers. Toyota said it had been notified of . one case in which a defective airbag inflator had caused a seat cover to . burn. It said all of the recalled vehicles were equipped with . passenger-seat airbags that could be defective and deploy "abnormally" in the event of an accident. Shares of Takata dropped after the announcement and were down over 4 percent when the Tokyo market closed. In 2013 Nissan, Honda, Toyota and BMW recalled a total of 3.6million vehicles after the fault was discovered. Nissan and Honda are investigating whether they are affected by this new fault . Takata admitted it improperly stored chemicals and botched the manufacture of propellants used to inflate airbags, some of which were used in Honda vehicles . A Takata spokesman said that more vehicles could be recalled by other manufacturers because of potential airbag inflator defects. Takata has acknowledged to U.S. safety regulators that it improperly stored chemicals and botched the manufacture of the explosive propellants used to inflate airbags. The company has also said that it kept inadequate quality-control records which made it impossible to identify vehicles with potentially defective airbag inflators a decade or more after they were manufactured at factories in the United States and Mexico. The Takata recall in 2013 was the largest airbag-related recall in history and came after a series of accidents and at least two deaths allegedly caused by faulty airbags.
highlights: Toyota is recalling 2.27million cars worldwide over airbag inflator fault . There are fears part could explode, injuring driver or passengers . More than 766,000 U.S. owners are being asked to replace the part . Airbag maker Takata says faulty parts list it gave in 2013 was incomplete . Honda and Nissan are investigating whether their cars are affected .
id: 7f628f657fe107425c3f7701860ad782ba6516f1
chatgpt: Toyota is issuing a global recall of over 2.27 million cars due to a potential airbag issue that could cause serious harm to drivers and passengers. The specific issue at hand is with the airbag inflator, which has the potential to explode and send shrapnel flying into the cabin. Takata, the company responsible for producing the faulty airbag inflators, has acknowledged that the list of affected cars it gave out in 2013 was incomplete. The recall affects a total of 27 different Toyota models produced between 2005 and 2015, with the majority of affected cars being sold in Japan. In the United States, more than 766,000 Toyota owners have been asked to take their cars into dealerships to have the defective part replaced. The recall is part of a larger effort by car manufacturers to ensure that Takata airbags, which have been linked to numerous injuries and deaths, are removed from circulation. While Toyota has been proactive in issuing this recall, other car manufacturers have been slower to act. Both Honda and Nissan have stated that they are investigating whether their cars are affected by the faulty airbag inflators. Honda, in particular, has been hit hard by the Takata airbag scandal, with the company being linked to the majority of deaths and injuries caused by the defective products. Despite the seriousness of the issue, there are concerns that not all drivers affected by the recall will take action to have their cars repaired. This is due in part to the fact that many of the affected models are older cars, and drivers may not place a high priority on having a potentially life-threatening issue corrected on a car that is already past its prime. Toyota has emphasized the importance of all affected car owners taking action to have their airbag inflators replaced. The company has set up a website where drivers can enter their VIN number and determine whether their car is one of the affected models. Toyota is also offering to send notifications to affected car owners by mail. This recall is just the latest chapter in the ongoing saga of Takata airbags, which have been a serious safety issue for drivers around the world. In October 2018, a report by the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration revealed that there were still over 14 million cars on American roads that had not had their Takata airbags repaired. As car manufacturers continue to work to remove Takata airbags from circulation, it is essential that car owners take seriously any recalls or notices about potentially dangerous defects. The safety of drivers and passengers must always be a top priority, and Toyota's decision to issue this recall is a step in the right direction towards ensuring that all cars on the road are as safe as possible.