article: By . Rachel Reilly . PUBLISHED: . 09:55 EST, 21 November 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 10:57 EST, 21 November 2013 . Electronics giant LG is investigating a claim by a British blogger that some of its smart TVs send information about the owner's viewing habits despite the activation of privacy settings. The Hull-based IT consultant Jason Huntley wrote a blog claiming to have discovered that his LG model was sending data about his family's viewing habits back to the South Korean manufacturer. Writing on his DoctorBeet blog, he said it appeared that unencrypted details about each channel change had been transmitted to LG's computer servers even after he disabled the option 'Collection of watching info' in the settings menu. Electronics giant LG is investigating a claim by a British blogger that some of its smart TVs send information about the owner's viewing habits despite the activation of privacy settings . He said a flag in the data had been changed from '1' to '0' to indicate the user had opted out.He then attached an external hard drive to the TV's USB slot, expecting that the screen might simply report that he had been watching material from an external device. Instead, he found that the name of each media file stored on the drive, including photos labelled with his children's names, had been sent back to LG. He confirmed this had been the case by creating a mock video clip that he had named "midget porn", which had then showed up in unencrypted traffic sent back to LG, he said. A spokeswoman for LG, the world's second-largest TV maker, said: 'Customer privacy is a top priority at LG Electronics and as such we take the issue very seriously. The Hull-based IT consultant Jason Huntley wrote a blog claiming to have discovered that his LG model was sending data about his family's viewing habits back to the South Korean manufacturer . 'We are looking into reports that certain viewing information on LG Smart TVs was shared without consent. 'LG offers many unique Smart TV models which differ in features and functions from one market to another so we ask for your patience and understanding as we look into this matter. We expect to have more information for you very shortly.' A spokesman for the Information Commissioner's Office said: 'We have recently been made aware of a possible data breach which may involve LG Smart TVs. 'We will be making enquiries into the circumstances of the alleged breach of the Data Protection Act before deciding what action, if any, needs to be taken.'
highlights: Jason Huntley . wrote blog claiming to have discovered that his TV was sending . data about his family's viewing habits to the . manufacturer . Appeared that unencrypted . details about each channel change had been transmitted to LG's computer . servers even after he enabled privacy setting .
id: de7514b8ea089e7c7e61fedc188daa66568a26f3
chatgpt: A blogger by the name of Jason Huntley has recently claimed to have made a startling discovery about his TV. According to Huntley, his TV manufacturer, LG, had been secretly sending data about his family's viewing habits to their servers. What's more, this data appeared to be unencrypted and contained details about every channel change that was made. Huntley, who is known for his technical expertise, reported that he had enabled all of LG's privacy settings before making this discovery. However, even with these settings turned on, his TV was still sending data to the manufacturer's servers. This led Huntley to question just how much data LG might be collecting on its customers. For its part, LG has acknowledged that some data is collected from its customers but maintains that it is used for "quality improvement purposes" only. Nonetheless, Huntley's discovery has raised concerns among some consumers about how manufacturers are using the data they collect from smart devices such as TVs. In an age when data breaches are becoming increasingly common, consumers are right to be concerned about how their personal information is being handled by tech companies. The fact that even customers who try to protect their privacy by enabling all available privacy settings are still being tracked by manufacturers is a worrying development. Huntley's discovery is also a reminder that, as more and more devices become connected to the internet, the potential for data collection grows exponentially. In the case of smart TVs, manufacturers are able to collect information about what shows customers are watching, for how long, and which ads they are seeing. This data can then be used to build a picture of a customer's viewing habits and to tailor advertising to them specifically. While some may argue that this kind of targeted advertising can actually be helpful to customers, the fact remains that many people would prefer to keep their viewing habits private. Consumers have a right to know exactly what data is being collected about them and how it is being used. Furthermore, they should be given the option to opt out of data collection altogether if they so choose. As for Huntley, he says that his discovery has made him more conscious of the data he is sharing with tech companies. He encourages others to take a closer look at their privacy settings, especially those of smart devices such as TVs. The more we know about what data is being collected and how it is being used, the better equipped we will be to protect our personal information in an increasingly connected world.