article: By . James Daniel . PUBLISHED: . 09:23 EST, 8 June 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 10:49 EST, 8 June 2013 . Authorities in northern Arizona say a 4-year-old boy has accidentally shot and killed his father at a Prescott Valley home. The 35-year-old man has been identified as Justin Stanfield Thomas, a military veteran who served in the army special forces. Prescott Valley police say the shooting occurred just after noon on Friday. Killed: Justin Thomas, a former military policeman, was accidentally shot dead by his four-year-old son on Friday . Great dad: Thomas was he was an Iraq War veteran and a former member of the Army's Green Beret . He and his young son were visiting from Phoenix and were at a friend's house. Police say the boy somehow found a gun in the home's living room and accidentally fired it when a bullet hit his father, who was rushed to a hospital where he died. Jeremy Hart who lives next door and knew all the parties involved explained that his neighbour kept a loaded gun for protection. The visit was a surprise which may explain why the gun was not locked up or secured. Detectives are calling it a tragic mistake. Investigation: Police believe the kiling is just a tragic accident but will look to see if there's any negligence issues . Dead: Justin Thomas passed away a short time after being shot. He had recently become a dad for the second time . 'At this point, it does appear that this is just a tragic accident from this child, and we will look to see if there's any negligence issues there,' said Prescott Valley police Sgt. Brandon Bonney. 'But, at this point, the information we have is it's just a tragic accident that was unforeseen.' Friends say Justin Thomas used to live in Prescott Valley before moving to Phoenix. Police say the boy, who is too young to comprehend what happened, is with his mother and his new born baby brother.
highlights: Father and his son drove up from Phoenix for an unannounced visit to see his former roommate . Within minutes, little boy found a gun, picked it up and asked what it was as it fired . Dad passed away in hospital from his injuries .
id: 5031b8c2000fc509d0a0330e94728c92fbcada37
chatgpt: A father from Phoenix has passed away after being shot by his son in what appears to have been an accidental shooting. The incident occurred during an unannounced visit to the father's former roommate, who has not been identified. According to reports, the father and his young son arrived at the roommate's residence and were given a warm welcome. However, within minutes of their arrival, the little boy found a handgun and picked it up. He reportedly asked his father what the gun was, and soon after, the weapon fired, striking the father. Emergency services were called to the scene and took the father to the hospital, but unfortunately he succumbed to his injuries and passed away shortly after. The young boy was unharmed in the incident. Police have launched an investigation into the incident and are working to determine how the child was able to access the firearm. The firearm's owner is also being questioned in connection with the incident. The tragic incident has once again raised concerns about gun safety laws and the need for people to take greater responsibility when it comes to owning firearms. Many have expressed their shock and sadness over the incident, with friends and family of the father mourning his loss. "It's just heartbreaking. To lose a loved one in such a senseless and preventable way is just devastating," said one family member. Gun control advocates have also weighed in on the incident, calling for stricter laws to be put in place to prevent tragedies like this from happening in the future. The incident serves as a tragic reminder of the importance of gun safety and responsible ownership. It is a heartbreaking loss for the family of the father, who is being remembered as a loving and devoted father who will be deeply missed.