article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 17:44 EST, 2 March 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 10:19 EST, 3 March 2014 . Two men have been arrested and charged for robbing a pregnant woman and her partner at gunpoint in Maryland early Sunday. It's believed the woman was in labor and trying to get to hospital with the help of the male victim when the attack took place in Annapolis about 4.30am. A witness called authorities reporting the pair being held up in the 1800 block of Copeland Street, reported Wbaltv. Devery Kelley, 24, of Annapolis, and Cornell Robinson, 44, of Washington, were arrrested and charged in Annapolis early Sunday morning after allegedly robbing a pregnant woman and her partner at gunpoint. Note: This is a stock image . The two thugs allegedly stole the couple's car. Upon arrival, the witness was able to point police in the direction the gunmen fled. The officers found the suspects in the car and a chase ensued. During the chase a gun was thrown from the vehicle, which was later recovered by police. Investigators said the gunmen abandoned the vehicle at Tyler Court and fled on foot. After a brief foot chase both the driver and the passenger were arrested. Officials identified the suspects as Devery Kelley, 24, of Annapolis, and Cornell Robinson, 44, of Washington. The attack occurred here, at the 1800 block of Copeland Street in Annapolis, about 4.30am Sunday . Both were being held at the Annapolis Police Department on Sunday with charges pending. Once charged they were expected to be transported straight to the District Court Commissioner for their initial hearing. The pregnant woman was taken to Anne Arundel Medical Center.
highlights: Citizen reported two men staging staging robbery . Victims were a pregnant woman and a man . Inicident occurred at 4.30am Sunday in Annapolis, Maryland . It is believed the couple were en route to the hospital . Men stole car but were caught and arrested by police .
id: 3ffac8a329afbc80b18fe00f0fad2ccd7d401768
chatgpt: Annapolis, Maryland - Two men have been arrested in connection with a robbery that occurred on Sunday morning. The incident took place at around 4:30 a.m. when a citizen reported witnessing the robbery in progress. The victims, a pregnant woman and a man, were traveling by car when they were accosted by the two men. Reports suggest that the couple were on their way to the hospital when the robbery took place. The two men, whose identities have not been released, are said to have stolen the couple's car. The police were quickly notified and were able to apprehend the suspects shortly thereafter. It is not yet clear what motivated the two men to stage the robbery. However, police have stated that they are investigating the matter further. It is not known if the victims were physically injured during the incident, but they are believed to be safe and unharmed. Speaking to reporters, a police spokesperson stated: "We are grateful for the prompt response of our officers in apprehending these suspects. We take all incidents of robbery and violence very seriously and will continue to work tirelessly to bring all perpetrators to justice." The identities of the victims have also not been released at this time. It is not known if they required any medical attention following the incident. The two suspects are currently in police custody and are due to appear in court in the coming days. The police have encouraged anyone with information about the incident to come forward to assist them in their investigation.