article: By . Richard Arrowsmith for MailOnline . Inter Milan coach Walter Mazzarri believes his side can emulate Barcelona and return to winning ways after completing a transitional phase at the San Siro. The Catalans endured a lengthy barren spell before the arrivals of Frank Rijkaard and then Pep Guardiola reversed their fortunes, which included winning the treble in the 2008-09 season, and produced a team regarded by many as the greatest club side in football. Inter themselves claimed a treble under the guidance of Jose Mourinho as recently as 2010, but have disappointed in the last two seasons to finish ninth and fifth in Serie A. Bold comparison: Walter Mazzarri believes Inter can return to success in the same way as Barcelona . Catalan kings: Barcelona recovered from a barren spell to win the treble in 2008-09 . However, Mazzarri is confident that a summer spending spree, which has seen the likes of Nemanja Vidic, Yann M'Vila and Pablo Daniel Osvaldo arrive, will see success return to the club. 'Ours is a project that goes forward in time,' he said at an event at the University of Milan. 'A new cycle has started and no one has pointed out that we're playing with four young players. 'Just like it happened at Barcelona, we will return to winning. At Napoli I demonstrated my ability to carry out a project. My hope is to reach the Champions League right away.' Despite his recent high profile signings, Mazzarri insists not only the star players but the whole team will need to perform to improve the club's standing. 'You have to find the quality through work. Big signings are not the only way to create a big team.' Transitional phase: Serie A side have signed a number of players including Nemanja Vidic (R) Three and in: Samuel Eto'o celebrates winning the Champions League with Jose Mourinho's Inter in 2009 .
highlights: Inter Milan can emulate Barcelona, insists coach Walter Mazzarri . Serie A side have signed Nemanja Vidic, Yann M'Vila and Daniel Osvaldo . Former Napoli coach believes his side can bring success back to San Siro .
id: 19d2ed24814205fa1d0c49d8f1a4672bf07b9b20
chatgpt: Inter Milan coach Walter Mazzarri is confident that his team can achieve what Barcelona has accomplished in recent years. Speaking to the press, Mazzarri said that he believes Inter Milan can emulate the success of the Spanish giants. Mazzarri has reason to be optimistic about Inter Milan's prospects in the upcoming season. The Serie A side has signed several key players including Nemanja Vidic, Yann M'Vila, and Daniel Osvaldo. These new additions are expected to help Inter Milan compete with the likes of Juventus and Roma for the Serie A title this season. Vidic, who joined Inter Milan from Manchester United, is widely regarded as one of the best defenders in the world. M'Vila, on the other hand, is a dynamic midfielder who can excel in both attack and defense. Osvaldo, meanwhile, is a proven goalscorer who has played for some of the biggest clubs in Europe. Mazzarri, who previously coached Napoli, is confident that his team can bring success back to San Siro. He believes that Inter Milan has the potential to become a dominant force in Italian and European football once again. Inter Milan's recent transfer activity has certainly put them in a strong position to challenge for major honors. The club has a talented squad that includes players like Mauro Icardi, Ivan Perisic, and Miranda. With the addition of Vidic, M'Vila, and Osvaldo, Inter Milan has a team capable of competing against the very best. Whether Inter Milan can emulate Barcelona's recent success remains to be seen, but Mazzarri's belief in his team is certainly encouraging. Inter Milan fans will be hoping that the Italian side can challenge for the Serie A title and perhaps even go further in the Champions League this season.