article: On TV: Labour Peer Lord Falconer (pictured) appeared on BBC One to discuss plans for an assisted suicide law, but nobody represented the opposing view . The BBC has been accused of bias in its coverage of assisted suicide by a campaigner whose TV appearance was cancelled at the last minute. A Christian doctor was due to oppose Labour peer Lord Falconer when he appeared on the BBC One Breakfast show to discuss his plans for an assisted dying law. But he was then told that he was no longer needed, and Lord Falconer appeared on the programme alone. Dr Peter Saunders, the campaigner director of anti-euthanasia group Care Not Killing, has complained to the Corporation after a planned appearance on the show to challenge Lord Falconer was called off. The two had previously discussed the issue on the Today programme in 2012. In a letter sent to BBC Director General Tony Hall, seen by The Sunday Telegraph, Dr Saunders said the Corporation had: 'consistently promoted an agenda seeking to change the law on assisted suicide and euthanasia'. He added: 'The BBC has consistently acted as the . cheerleader for legalising assisted suicide, a move that would lead to . huge pressure on the terminally ill and disabled to end their lives.' Dr Saunders has also claimed that the majority of medical opinion is against a change in the law to support assisted suicide. The BBC has attracted numerous complaints in recent years over the prominence it has given to 'right to die' programmes - which are often very emotive. A programme called Choosing to Die, presented to novelist and campaigner Sir Terry Pratchett, who has Alzheimer's disease, attracted 1,200 complaints when it was aired in 2011. The programme followed a 71-year-old man who suffered from motor neurone disease, and showed the last moments of his life in a Dignitas assisted suicide clinic in Switzerland. Campaigner: Sir Terry Pratchett, pictured, presented an emotive programme on assisted suicide which attracted more than 1,000 complaints . In 2010 a group of MPs said the Corporation 'misused public funds' and 'ignored the rights of the disabled' in a Commons motion which threatened to cut the BBC's public funding unless the issue was 'treated impartially'. A BBC spokesperson said: 'Assisted suicide is an emotive subject which divides opinion. 'After much discussion within the editorial team it was felt that a single interview, in which Lord Falconer could be questioned fully on his views and proposals would be more suitable on this occasion. 'Our presenters strongly challenged his views and were careful to include the views of groups like 'Care not Killing' during the interview.'
highlights: Labour's Lord Falconer discussed assisted dying plans unopposed on BBC . Anti-euthanasia campaigner Dr Peter Saunders was due to appear on show . However, he was dropped and nobody was invited to take his place .
id: 9495238351e33495f9bfff07d3b18bb7a5ab74a5
chatgpt: In a controversial move, Labour's Lord Falconer appeared on the BBC to discuss assisted dying plans unopposed. The debate was originally set to include anti-euthanasia campaigner Dr Peter Saunders, but he was dropped from the show, and nobody was invited to take his place. Lord Falconer seized this opportunity to promote his views on assisted dying. During the discussion, he explained the importance of introducing assisted dying legislation in the UK, arguing that it was necessary to prevent people from having to endure unbearable suffering. "We need a change in the law, which allows individuals who are terminally ill and mentally competent to have a choice over the time and manner of their death," he stated. Lord Falconer's views were not without opposition. Many groups have voiced concerns about the potential consequences of legalizing assisted dying, including the possibility of vulnerable individuals being coerced into ending their lives prematurely. Dr Saunders, who had been scheduled to participate in the debate, is one of the most vocal opponents of assisted dying legislation in the UK. He has argued that such legislation could have a detrimental effect on society as a whole, affecting not only those who are terminally ill but also other groups of people who are considered to be vulnerable. Despite Dr Saunders being dropped from the panel, his views were still present in the discussion, with Lord Falconer acknowledging the existence of opposing views and the need for further dialogue on the topic. "We need to respect the views of those who disagree with us," he said. "But we also need to consider the devastating impact of the current law on people who are terminally ill and suffering unbearably." The debate on assisted dying has been ongoing in the UK for several years, with no clear resolution in sight. Supporters of assisted dying legislation argue that it would provide people with the choice to end their lives peacefully and with dignity, while opponents argue that it could lead to vulnerable individuals being pressured into making a decision that they may come to regret. The debate on assisted dying is likely to continue, with both sides continuing to make their case for or against the introduction of such legislation. It remains to be seen if a resolution can be found to this contentious issue, or if it will continue to be one of the most divisive topics in UK politics.