article: Jerusalem (CNN)The Lebanese militant group Hezbollah has said that it wants to de-escalate hostilities on the Israeli-Lebanon border, a day after fighting left two Israeli soldiers and a Spanish peacekeeper dead, Israel's defense minister said Thursday. Hezbollah sent the message through intermediaries, Israeli Defense Minister Moshe Yaalon told Israel's Army Radio. "There are nonofficial channels between us and Lebanon to communicate through UNIFIL (United Nations peacekeepers in Lebanon), and indeed a message like that was received from Lebanon," Yaalon said. On Wednesday, Hezbollah fired five antitank missiles at Israeli military vehicles in the disputed Shebaa Farms area, killing an officer and a soldier, the Israeli military said. Sgt. Dor Chaim Nini was 20; Capt. Yochai Kalangel was 25, Israel Defense Forces said. The attack took place near Shebaa Farms, also known as Har Dov, a disputed strip of land between Lebanon and Syria adjoining the Golan Heights, under Israeli control. Seven Israeli soldiers were injured, two of them moderately, the Israeli military said. Hezbollah claimed responsibility for the attack. Yaalon accused Iran and Hezbollah of planning an attack from Syria on the Golan area, which is under Israeli control. "This reflects a general picture that Iran and Hezbollah are trying to heat up the region and Golan Heights area because it is easy for them to operate in." He warned against such attacks, saying: . "The IDF is ready and we will not allow any terror parties to act against us. And the hosts behind those terror groups we will not allow to attack IDF or civilians. We must protect civilians both offensively and defensively." The Spanish service member, Cpl. Francisco Javier Soria Toledo, was serving with UNIFIL, the U.N. Interim Force in Lebanon. He was killed "during the incidents that happened between Hezbollah and the Israeli military" Wednesday, the Spanish government said. UNIFIL said that its personnel "observed six rockets launched toward Israel" Wednesday morning, and that the IDF "returned artillery fire in the same general area." It was unknown whether the peacekeeper, 36, was killed by Israeli or Hezbollah fire. The Israeli military told CNN it is investigating. CNN's Josh Levs contributed to this report.
highlights: Two Israeli soldiers killed, seven wounded in a Hezbollah missile attack Wednesday . A  Spanish service member with a U.N. peacekeeping forces also killed .
id: db339bf4727d53e49bc9043df99e93566b08796a
chatgpt: A deadly Hezbollah missile attack on Wednesday has claimed the lives of two Israeli soldiers and a member of the Spanish contingent of U.N peacekeeping forces. The attack, which occurred in northern Israel near the Lebanese border, also left seven Israeli soldiers wounded. The Israeli military says a Kornet anti-tank missile fired by Hezbollah struck a military vehicle near the border. The vehicle, which was carrying the Israeli soldiers, burst into flames and was completely destroyed. This attack is the deadliest security incident on the Lebanese border in years. Hezbollah has claimed responsibility for the attack, calling it a retaliation for the killing of one of its members by Israeli forces last year. The group has issued a statement saying that "this is just the beginning" of their retaliation against Israel. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, who was on a trip to Ukraine, has condemned the attack and vowed to respond harshly. "Hezbollah and its Iranian patrons are behind the attack today," Netanyahu said in a statement. "Israel will not bend in the face of terrorism. We will exact a heavy price from those who seek to harm us." The Spanish Foreign Ministry has also confirmed the death of a Spanish service member who was part of the U.N peacekeeping force stationed in southern Lebanon. The U.N. Interim Force in Lebanon (UNIFIL) has launched an investigation into the incident. The attack has heightened tensions between Israel and Hezbollah, which have been engaged in a long-running conflict. Hezbollah, which is supported by Iran, is classified as a terrorist organization by Israel, the United States, and several other countries. The incident comes at a time of heightened tensions in the region, with Israel conducting airstrikes on Iranian targets in Syria and the Trump administration imposing economic sanctions on Iran. The missile attack is seen as a direct response to recent Israeli military actions in the region. The attack has sparked fears of a wider conflict between Israel and Hezbollah, which fought a devastating war in 2006. It remains to be seen how Israel will respond to the attack, but analysts say that the situation could escalate quickly if Israel decides to launch a retaliatory strike.