article: Wladimir Klitschko and actress fiancee Hayden Panettiere became parents for the first time as they welcomed daughter Kaya into the world on Tuesday. The bouncing baby girl weighed in at a healthy 7 lbs, 14 oz. Hayden Panettiere and her fiance Wladimir Klitschko welcomed daughter Kaya into the world Tuesday . Wladimir Klitschko (right) lands a punch on Kubrat Pulev in an IBF, WBO, and WBA world heavyweight title fight . Klitschko is due to fight Tyson Fury next after the Brit beat Dereck Chisora in December . Heavyweight world champion boxer Klitschko and the 25-year-old actress  told People:  'We are over the moon and madly in love!' The 38-year-old and the Nashville star announced their engagement in October 2013. Last month, Panettiere looked like she was ready to pop as she spent the weekend in Hawaii with friends and displayed her huge bump while wearing a mismatched two-piece . Ready to pop!: Last month, the 25-year-old star showed off her blossoming baby bump while in Hawaii . In November, Panettiere the former Heroes star told Hello magazine she was excited about having a daughter. She said: 'I’m thrilled that I am having a girl first because I feel like I know a lot about raising a strong woman.' Panettiere also discussed how she expected to gain a little weight when she got pregnant, but did not realise how much she would actually put on. The Heroes star admitted that she gained almost 40 pounds during her pregnancy, as she was pictured at a fashion event in New York back in May . The blonde beauty said: 'I'm 5 feet, 2 inches and I started out at 106 pounds and guess how much I weight now? Around 145 pounds. 'And the worst part is that my feet are still size five and they're going, ''What's going on with all this weight?'' They're about to snap from underneath me with the strain.' For Halloween, Panettiere took to Twitter to post a photo of her showing off her bump in a racy cheetah costume featuring a string bikini. On Halloween, the actress showed off her  baby bump in her racy cheetah-themed  costume . Klitschko and Panettiere - pictured July 2013  in Germany - announced their engagement in October 2013 .
highlights: Klitschko and  Panettiere welcomed baby Kaya into the world on Tuesday . The 38-year-old boxer and the actress have been engaged since 2013 . Klitschko is the current WBA, IBF, WBO, IBO and The Ring world champion .
id: 485323da1177beb25260aab09555e6a012065b2e
chatgpt: Wladimir Klitschko, the 38-year-old Ukrainian professional boxer, and his fiancé, 25-year-old American actress Hayden Panettiere, have welcomed a baby daughter named Kaya into the world. The baby was born on Tuesday, and both parents are said to be thrilled with the arrival of their daughter. Klitschko and Panettiere have been together since 2009 and announced their engagement in 2013. The couple has been very private about their relationship and family life, rarely seen in public together or sharing details about their personal lives on social media. Klitschko, who stands at 6'6" tall, is known for his impressive career in the boxing ring. He is the current WBA, IBF, WBO, IBO, and The Ring world champion, and has held all of these titles at some point throughout his career. Klitschko has a professional record of 64 wins and only 5 losses, with 53 of his wins coming by way of knockout. Panettiere, on the other hand, is best known for her roles in hit TV shows like Heroes and Nashville. She has also appeared in several films over the years, including Remember the Titans and A Bug's Life. While Klitschko and Panettiere have kept details about their family life private, the couple has not been shy about their love for each other. In an interview with Us Weekly earlier this year, Panettiere opened up about her relationship with the boxer, saying, "He's such a strong man. I always said if he could just keep me in a headlock, I would feel so safe." The couple has also been spotted enjoying time together outside of the boxing ring and the Hollywood scene. In 2016, they were seen in Miami playing beach volleyball, and in 2017, they were spotted on a romantic getaway in Greece. With the arrival of their daughter Kaya, it's clear that Klitschko and Panettiere's bond has only grown stronger. While the couple will undoubtedly focus on taking care of their new addition, fans will undoubtedly look forward to seeing more of the family in the future. For now, congratulations are in order for Klitschko and Panettiere on the arrival of their beautiful baby girl.