article: (CNN) -- Heavy rains and flooding in Brazil have caused 260 deaths in the states of Rio de Janeiro and Sao Paulo, CNN affiliate TV Record reported Wednesday. The greatest damage was in a cluster of towns in a mountainous area northeast of the city of Rio from Tuesday night to Wednesday morning, where civil defense officials said 147 lost their lives. That included 114 people reported killed in Teresopolis by a mudslide, local officials told CNN. Some 1,000 others were left without shelter and were being moved to a local gym and schools. And, in nearby Petropolis, 18 deaths were recorded, the state government said, according to Agencia Brasil. Three deaths were reported in Itaipava, while in Nova Friburgo there were 12. Among the victims in Rio state were three firefighters who were involved in rescue operations when they were buried by a subsequent mudslide, Agencia Brasil reported. A fourth firefighter was missing. Nearly 75,000 people were without power in the region as a result of the heavy storms. Teresopolis Mayor Jorge Mario Sedlacek declared his city a natural disaster area. He told CNN affiliate TV Globo that at least 80 rescuers have been sent to the region. Meanwhile, in the state of Sao Paulo, at least 24 people were dead as heavy rain continued to batter parts of the state, authorities said. It has been raining since January 1, and the deluge could continue until the end of the week, forecasters have said. The flooding has caused mudslides, officials said Tuesday. The Mairipora Dam gave way, adding to the woes in the area, said Ramos Junior, a captain at the Sao Paulo Civil Fire Department. Sao Jose dos Campos, about 100 kilometers (62 miles) from the city of Sao Paulo, has been hardest hit by the flooding, Junior said. In January last year, heavy rains caused dozens of deaths in Brazil's southeast coast. Torrential rains caused deadly mudslides in the resort area of the town of Angra dos Reis. Journalist Luciani Gomes and CNN's Marilia Brocchetto, Rafael Romo and Mariano Castillo contributed to this report.
highlights: NEW: There are 147 reported deaths in state of Rio de Janeiro . Three firefighters are among those dead . It has been raining since January 1 in Sao Paulo state . A dam in the area has given way, adding to the woes .
id: 8076b684b51dd7f14f41bc023378b830341f0005
chatgpt: In the state of Rio de Janeiro, 147 people have been reported dead due to catastrophic weather conditions. The situation worsened after three firefighters were included in the list of fatalities. The state has been experiencing heavy rains causing flooding and landslides for the past week. The situation is no better in Sao Paulo state, where it has been raining since January 1. The continuous downpour has caused a dam in the area to give way, adding to the woes of the already suffering population. Many cities in the state have been completely cut off from the rest of the country due to flooded roads. The officials of both states are working tirelessly to provide aid and necessary relief to the affected population. Brazilian President Jair Bolsonaro has also said that he is in constant contact with state authorities and is ready to assist in any way possible. According to the state government, around 11,000 people have been displaced in Rio de Janeiro alone. Rescue workers and emergency services are working around the clock to evacuate those who are still trapped in their homes. The state has also declared a state of emergency as the situation is continuing to deteriorate. The situation is equally grave in Sao Paulo state, where thousands of people have been forced to evacuate their homes due to the floods. The state government has set up temporary shelters to provide accommodation to the displaced population. The Brazilian meteorological department has warned that the heavy rains are likely to continue for the next few days, worsening the already dire situation. The state officials are urging people to remain cautious and stay indoors as much as possible. The floods and landslides have caused severe damage to the infrastructure of the affected areas. Roads and bridges have been washed away, and power outages are widespread. The authorities have stated that it will take a considerable amount of time and resources to restore the infrastructure and normalcy in the area. The Brazilian government has asked for aid from other South American countries and international organizations to assist in the relief efforts. The global community is also urged to contribute to the rescue and rehabilitation of the affected populations in Rio de Janeiro and Sao Paulo states.