article: By . Associated Press . PUBLISHED: . 14:49 EST, 26 November 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 11:37 EST, 27 November 2013 . A veteran nurse was stabbed to death on Tuesday as she bravely tried to protect her patients from a knife-wielding man. Gail Sandidge, had been on the hospital staff . since 1978, hospital CEO Steve Altmiller said at a news . conference. 'She was protecting her patients by an act of courage, and she lost . her life as a result,' he said. Four other people were injured on Tuesday in a stabbing attack at the Ambulatory Surgical Center of Good . Shepherd Medical Center in Longview, Texas. Scroll down for video . Nurse Gail Sandidge, who had worked at the Texas hospital since 1979, died protecting her patients . Kyron Rayshawn of Longview, Texas has been charged with murder after a nurse was stabbed to death at the Good Shepherd Medical Center on Tuesday . A 22-year-old man has been charged with murder in the stabbings . which happened around 7am. Gregg County Jail booking records show Kyron Rayshawn Templeton . of Longview is also accused of four counts of aggravated assault. Officer Kristie Brian, a Longview police spokeswoman, said it’s . not yet clear what led to the attack. Of the four others wounded, one was in critical condition, one . was in good condition and two were treated at the hospital and discharged, . Altmiller said. Templeton was at the hospital with his mother when he went on a . knife-slashing rampage, Longview police said. Templeton fled on foot but was . caught nearby, subdued after a brief struggle and arrested, Brian said. Neither Templeton nor the arresting officers were injured, Brian . said. A knife believed to have been the weapon used in the attack has been . recovered, she said. His bond has . been set at $2.6 million. Jail records did not list an attorney for Templeton. Surveillance video was being reviewed by the hospital’s security . team and would be turned over to police, said Kenny Jernigan, Good Shepherd’s . security director. Good Shepherd Medical Center is a 425-bed acute-care hospital . about 120 miles southeast of Dallas. All surgeries scheduled for Tuesday and . Wednesday were postponed and were being rescheduled, Altmiller said. Good Shepherd Medical Center lost a nurse this morning when she was stabbed with a hunting knife by a crazed man .
highlights: Kyron Rayshawn Templeton . of Longview charged with murder . Knife man also injured 4 people during attack at 7am on Tuesday . Nurse Gail Sandidge, who had worked at hospital . since 1978, was killed while trying to protect her patients .
id: 3f12fc188cb90e022603b892f7b9768b8afce1c3
chatgpt: A tragic incident took place at a hospital in Longview on Tuesday morning. A man identified as Kyron Rayshawn Templeton has been charged with murder after he attacked patients and staff at the hospital with a knife. The attack occurred at around 7 am and led to the death of long-time nurse Gail Sandidge. Eyewitnesses say that Templeton entered the hospital and began attacking patients and staff members indiscriminately with a knife. The attack lasted for several minutes and led to four people being injured. Nurse Gail Sandidge, who had been working at the hospital since 1978, was killed while trying to protect her patients. The news of Sandidge's death has shocked the hospital community and the wider Longview community. Described as a kind and caring nurse who was dedicated to her work, Sandidge was well known and loved by all who knew her. Her colleagues described her as "an angel on earth" who always went above and beyond to care for her patients. Longview Police Department officials have commented on the incident, stating that it was a targeted attack and that Templeton had a history of mental health issues. They have also confirmed that he has been arrested and charged with murder. The hospital has released a statement expressing their shock and sadness at the attack, and offering their condolences to Sandidge's family. They have stated that they are working with law enforcement officials to investigate the incident fully and ensure the safety of patients and staff. The attack has also raised questions about hospital security and the safety of healthcare workers. The American Nurses Association has called for better security measures to be put in place to protect nurses and other healthcare workers from violent attacks. As the investigation into the attack continues, the Longview community is mourning the loss of a beloved nurse who dedicated her life to caring for others. Sandidge's family, friends, and colleagues are coming together to remember her life and legacy, and to honor her selfless dedication to helping others.