article: By . Ted Thornhill . PUBLISHED: . 11:02 EST, 21 October 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 11:24 EST, 21 October 2013 . David Sedaris was one of six siblings, but in May this year that number became five when his youngest sister, Tiffany, committed suicide, shortly before her 50th birthday. Now, for the first time, the author and broadcaster has opened up about her death, her life and his feelings for her. He admits that he didn’t really know her very well – and so some of the things he discovered once she’d passed away gave him a shock. Candid: David Sedaris, pictured here in Seoul in 2012, reveals that he didn't know Tiffany very well and was shocked by some of the things they found at her house . Firstly, there was the will – which stipulated that the family was not allowed to have her body or go to her memorial service, he wrote in The New Yorker. Tiffany’s house, in Somerville, Massachusetts, contained very few belongings – a mattress on the floor and two boxes’ worth of possessions. These were collected by David's actress sister, Amy. And in them were family photos that had been ripped to shreds. He wrote: ‘It seemed such a melodramatic gesture, like throwing a glass against a wall. Something someone in a movie would do.’ The family also discovered that she’d been a regular drug user, when she was young, at least. A classmate had drawn a marijuana leaf beside her name in an old school year book. And someone had written: ‘Call me sometime this summer and we’ll go out and get blitzed.’ David's actress sister Amy, who starred in Shrek the Third, collected Tiffany's belongings . Also in the house were ‘comment cards from a neighborhood grocery store, notebooks, receipts, a paper plate on a dresser that had several drawers missing, a phone number written on a wall, and a collection of mop handles, each one a different color, arranged like cattails in a barrel painted green’. A survey of Tiffany’s house revealed nothing about why she might have taken her own life, he said. The Let's Explore Diabetes with Owls author describes how looking at Tiffany’s possessions was fascinating, because of how little he knew her. The 56-year-old said: ‘Each of us had pulled away from the family at some point in our lives - we’d had to in order to forge our own identities, to go from being a Sedaris to being our own specific Sedaris. Tiffany, though, stayed away.’ Tiffany’s death was something that just didn’t add up for David. He added: ‘How could anyone purposefully leave us, us, of all people? Ours is the only club I’d ever wanted to be a member of, so I couldn’t imagine quitting.’
highlights: David's sister had ripped up family photographs and forbidden his family from attending her memorial service . Nothing in her Massachusetts house revealed why she had killed herself.
id: 084e209d1a6cbc6b5a8bc92daff1da64619bfba6
chatgpt: In a shocking turn of events, David's sister has left her family in a state of turmoil after her unexpected suicide. Though David and his family are struggling to come to terms with their loss, they were appalled to discover that his sister had ripped up family photographs and had even forbidden them from attending her memorial service. David and his family were left in a state of shock and confusion as they tried to understand why his sister had taken such drastic actions. Despite their best efforts, they were unable to find any clues in her Massachusetts house that could help explain why she had felt driven to end her own life. The family's grief and confusion were compounded by the knowledge that his sister had destroyed cherished family mementos. These were not only precious tokens of their shared past, but also a crucial link between the siblings that could never be replaced. "I just can't understand why she would do something like this," David said, his eyes brimming with tears. "We were always close, and I never suspected that she was capable of anything like this." Despite their shock and grief, David and his family have banded together to support one another through this difficult time. They have also sought the help and guidance of professionals to aid them in coming to terms with their loss and the confusing aftermath. Though many questions remain unanswered, the family is determined to remember their sister and to cherish the memories they shared. Even in death, she remains a beloved member of their family, and her absence is deeply felt by all who knew and loved her. As they continue to grapple with the devastating consequences of her suicide, David and his family hope that they will eventually find some measure of peace and closure. Though it may take time, they are committed to honoring their sister's memory and finding a way to move forward in the wake of this heartbreaking tragedy. In the end, the family remains grateful for the time they shared with their beloved sister and the memories that they will forever hold in their hearts. Though the pain of her loss may never fully fade, they remain united in their love and commitment to one another, as they navigate the difficult road ahead.