article: A couple have been ordered to rip down their £200,000 luxury house annexe - because it was built 20 centimetres too wide. Stephen and Mary Kindred transformed a decaying old barn in the garden of their home in Hurst, Berkshire, into a luxury building with offices, a gym and three guest bedrooms. But planning bosses have told them to tear the annexe down because it is 20cm too wide and the chimney and porch were said to be 'harmful to the countryside'. Stephen and Mary Kindred have been ordered to rip down their £200,000 luxury house annexe (pictured left) in Hurst, Berkshire, because it was 20 centimetres too wide . Mr Kindred, a heating engineer, said: 'This is a terrible joke that is fast becoming a nightmare and has cost us so far in the region of £200,000, not to mention thousands of pounds in extras caused by legal fees, red tape and the appeal to the Planning Inspectorate. 'We have not done anything wrong.' Work in the front garden of their home started earlier this year after Mr Kindred bought the former pub seven years ago. The couple reassured planning bosses they would not live in the annexe or rent it out and offered to remove the chimney and porch, but were told to appeal the order. Mrs Kindred said: 'This is very upsetting because we thought we were doing the right thing by improving the old barn, which was in a dangerous condition. We are not overlooked by anybody, nobody has complained. 'They are quibbling over 20 centimetres. And how can a chimney and porch be harmful to the countryside?' The couple transformed a decaying old barn in the garden of their home in Hurst, Berkshire, into a luxury building with offices, a gym and three guest bedrooms . Wokingham Borough Council slapped an enforcement notice on the couple in July, which gave them two months to comply or face legal action. In a hand-delivered letter, Clare Lawrence, head of the council's development management team, said the building was in an unsuitable location outside of settlement limits, in an area designated as countryside. Cllr John Kaiser, executive member for highways and planning, said: 'This isn’t the case that the owners of Fox and Hounds cottage have built a building that’s 20cm to large as claimed – it’s a much bigger issue than that and one that we have to tackle as part of our duty as the local planning authority. Quite simply, the owners have built a house in the countryside that they don’t have permission for. 'And this is not acceptable. I hope this sends a clear message that we will take action against people who flout planning laws. 'I would urge anyone who suspects someone of carrying out major work without planning permission to get in touch with the council and we will investigate.' The couple have now appealed to the Planning Inspectorate and will not know the final decision until next year.
highlights: Stephen and Mary Kindred transformed old barn into a luxury building with offices, a gym and three guest bedrooms . They say planning bosses at Wokingham Borough Council have told them to rip it down because it is 20cm too wide . The couple claim they were also told that the chimney and porch on the annexe were 'harmful to the countryside' Council slapped an enforcement notice on pair in July, which gave them two months to comply or face legal action . The couple have now appealed to the Planning Inspectorate and will not know the final decision until next year .
id: 2b8ca005bd8f97b0ca6021712d8f55d8933b1752
chatgpt: A UK couple who transformed an old barn into a luxurious building with offices, a gym, and three guest bedrooms are fighting to keep their creation standing. Stephen and Mary Kindred underwent a detailed renovation project to turn the nearly 300-year-old derelict farm building into a modern and functional space. However, officials from the Wokingham Borough Council have ordered the couple to tear it down, citing that the building is 20cm wider than the approved plan. The Kindreds argue that they have done everything they can to comply with the council's planning rules and that the enforcement notice was a shock to them. They had received feedback from the council throughout the renovation process and believed that they had adhered to all regulations. The council also ordered the removal of a chimney and porch that they allege is harmful to the countryside, but the Kindreds argue that these features have been in place for over a century and have not caused any harm. The couple has appealed the decision of the Wokingham Borough Council and has requested a planning inspector to review the case. They believe that demolition would be an unnecessary expenditure and complete waste of their resources. A hearing date has been set for later this year, and the decision is expected to come through in the coming year. The barn renovation project has gained a lot of attention from locals and has been dubbed the 'Kindred Barn' in the community. Local business owners and residents have expressed support for the couple, stating that the transformation has breathed new life to the once-derelict area. Stephen Kindred, who works in construction and property development, expressed his frustration with the ruling, stating that the family has invested their time, effort, and finances into the project. The Kindreds say that they remain optimistic that their appeal will be successful and they will be able to keep the building standing. The Kindreds and their supporters believe that the enforcement order issued by the council is heavy-handed and undermines the efforts made by individuals to revitalize the local area. They argue that the council's actions may discourage investment in the area and lead to a decline in the local economy. The issue of planning regulations has been a contentious one in the UK, with recent reports of developers flouting rules to complete projects. However, for the Kindreds, the dispute is not about cutting corners or avoiding regulations. Instead, it is a case of an unfortunate oversight that has been blown out of proportion. The Kindreds are determined to fight for their property, and the support from the community has been heartening. They hope that their case will be a lesson for local councils to reconsider the impact of their planning decisions on individuals and businesses invested in the local community.