article: By . James Slack . Visitors to Britain from 'high risk' countries will have to put up a £3,000 bond under plans introduced by Home Secretary Theresa May . Tens of thousands of visitors from India, Pakistan, Bangladesh and Nigeria will be forced to pay a £3,000 bond to be allowed to enter Britain. They will only get the money back once they leave the country in a bid to end abuse of the visa system. Home Secretary Theresa May said the intention was to make the immigration system more ‘selective’ and deter people from ‘overstaying’ once their visitor visa has expired. In the long-term, she hopes to extend the Australian-style bond scheme to also include foreign workers and students. The idea will be welcomed by backbench Tory MPs, who have been urging the government to take a tougher line on immigration to combat the threat of UKIP. But it is likely to face legal challenges on the grounds that – because it targets only people from so-called ‘high risk’ countries – it is discriminatory. There are also fears it may lead to countries such as India making British tourists pay a similar bond. The scheme will be piloted from November, for people from India, Pakistan, Bangladesh, Sri Lanka, Nigeria and Ghana. They are being targeted because of the high volume of visitor visa applications and relatively high levels of abuse. Mrs May said: ‘In the long run we’re interested in a system of bonds that deters overstaying and recovers costs if a foreign national has used our public services.’ The £3,000 bonds are part of Mrs May's plans to bring annual net migration to under 100,000 by 2015 . Immigration bonds have been repeatedly considered by ministers over the years, but have never been successfully introduced. Labour abandoned its own plans for a £1,000 bond in 2008 amid an outcry from migrant rights groups. They claim the policy is . discriminatory as it does not apply to people from countries such as . Australia, New Zealand and Canada. Keith Vaz, chairman of the Home . Affairs Select Committee, said the idea was ‘unworkable’ and . ‘impractical’. Mr Vaz, an ex-Foreign Office minister, . claimed it would not deter people from trying to stay on after their . visas ended, and said the targeted countries would be ‘likely to . retaliate’. The policy has the backing of Lib Dem . leader Nick Clegg. He suggested the introduction of bonds in March, . though was proposing the level should be fixed at £1,000. The move will require a change in the immigration rules but not a vote by MPs.
highlights: Plans by Home Secretary mean visitors lose their cash if they overstay visa . India, Pakistan, Nigeria, Ghana, Sri Lanka and Bangladesh to be targeted . Pilot scheme will later be extended to cover work permits and student visas .
id: 05a0ea437135a2e9484ddd509ba197acc0b9ef42
chatgpt: Home Secretary Priti Patel has announced plans to target visitors from six countries who overstay their visas. India, Pakistan, Nigeria, Ghana, Sri Lanka, and Bangladesh are the countries that will be focused on in this initiative. The new plan aims to tackle illegal immigration and reduce the burden on the British taxpayer. The proposal would forfeit the cash deposit paid by individuals when obtaining a visa if they overstay their permitted leave to remain in the UK. The current deposit is set at £3,000 and would be retained by the Home Office for each individual found to have overstayed their visa. This new measure is expected to raise millions of pounds a year. The government plans to first implement this policy as a pilot scheme on visitor visas, and if successful, extend it to target work permits and student visas. This new proposal is expected to discourage abuse of the visa system and reduce the burden on taxpayers to cover the cost of unauthorised migrants. Home Secretary Priti Patel stated, "Our new plan will make it harder for people to overstay their visa and reduce the burden on our public services. We are determined to be firm but fair on immigration and our new pilot will make sure rules are properly enforced." The move has been met with mixed reactions from various stakeholders. Immigration lawyers have warned that some visitors may avoid travelling to the UK altogether if they have to pay an expensive deposit, hampering UK travel and tourism. The British Hospitality Association (BHA) raised concerns that it could create extra work for hoteliers as they would have to check if their foreign guests had overstayed their visas. However, the government has stressed that the deposits will be returned to visitors who leave the UK by the stipulated date. The Home Office has also provided reassurance that the scheme will be part of a carefully monitored process to ensure that legitimate visitors are protected. The new plan may help reduce the amount of illegal immigration in the country. Last year, there were around 500,000 people in the UK who had overstayed their visas. With the financial penalty that comes with overstay, the government hopes to deter individuals from abusing the visa system. In conclusion, the UK government's move to target overstayers could be both beneficial and risky for the country's economy. If implemented properly, the scheme could lead to a reduction in the cost of illegal immigration and create a more efficient visa system. However, the challenge lies in finding the right balance between combating illegal immigration and not discouraging bona fide travellers.