article: By . Jaymi Mccann and Paul Revoir . PUBLISHED: . 11:15 EST, 1 March 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 19:30 EST, 1 March 2013 . BBC presenter Andrew Marr left hospital yesterday, nearly two months after suffering a stroke. The 53-year-old broadcaster will continue his rehabilitation at home. A statement released by the corporation said Marr was ‘looking forward’ to a ‘new regime of physio’ and wished to ‘continue his recovery privately’. Marr, who has his own Sunday . morning BBC1 show and is a familiar voice on Radio 4, is expected to . return to work later this year. Marr suddenly suffered a stroke in January. Pictured, the broadcaster in his show, Andrew Marr's History of the World . A BBC spokeswoman said today: 'Andrew Marr left hospital earlier on today and continues his rehabilitation at home with his family. 'He says thank you to all the wonderful nurses, doctors and physiotherapists at Charing Cross hospital who have looked after him so well. Former newspaper editor Marr has been released from hospital and thanked those who cared for him . 'He is looking forward to a new regime of physio at home as he prepares for his return to work later this year.' She added that Marr and his family hope people will allow him to 'recover privately'. The broadcaster fell ill at his home in East Sheen, south west London at the start of the year. Colleagues were left stunned and concerned when the BBC revealed Mr Marr's illness. He is married to journalist Jackie Ashley and has three children. Guest presenters have stepped in to cover his duties since the stroke. Marr, the corporation's former political editor, began his career as a newspaper reporter, becoming the editor of The Independent before turning to television. He has also presented a number of history programmes along with his politics show and has had five books published. He is known for his hard hitting interviews of politicians and public figures.
highlights: Andrew Marr has been discharged after spending two months in hospital . The broadcaster suddenly suffered a stroke in January . The 53-year-old hopes to return to work later this year .
id: 51fae19f79ce38e039d1f2b7431a4c100c3b910b
chatgpt: Renowned British journalist and broadcaster, Andrew Marr, has been discharged from hospital after spending two months recovering from a stroke. The 53-year-old, who had been in hospital since late January, had to undergo intensive treatment and rehabilitation before he was deemed fit to go home. Marr, best known for his work as the host of BBC One's The Andrew Marr Show, suddenly fell ill at his home in January, and was rushed to hospital. Following a series of tests, it was determined that he had suffered a stroke. Since then, Marr has been undergoing extensive treatment and rehabilitation to help him recover from the stroke. His team of doctors and medical experts has been ensuring that he receives the best possible care, using a combination of medication, physiotherapy, and other treatments. Marr has been keeping well-wishers updated on his progress through his social media channels, and has expressed his gratitude to the doctors and nurses who have been so supportive through his illness. He has also thanked his fans and followers for their messages of support and encouragement throughout his recovery. "I'm delighted to be going home after what has been a difficult few months," said Marr. "I want to thank the doctors and nurses who have taken such great care of me, and also my fans and followers who have been so supportive throughout my recovery. I'm looking forward to returning to work later this year, and getting back to doing what I love." Despite his illness, Marr has continued to work on his latest book, which is due to be published later this year. He has also been working with his production team to plan future episodes of The Andrew Marr Show, and is eager to get back to his role as one of Britain's most respected and influential broadcasters. As Marr heads home, his fans and supporters will continue to wish him well, and eagerly await his return to the airwaves. With his dedication and determination, it is clear that he will be back on top form and delivering insightful and engaging journalism in no time.