article: Washington (CNN) -- Bush administration lawyers who wrote "torture" memos have been cleared of allegations of professional misconduct after a Justice Department internal investigation, which recommends no legal consequences for their actions. The report by the Justice Department concludes the high-ranking lawyers who developed controversial legal guidance on waterboarding and other enhanced interrogation techniques may have exercised poor judgment, but not professional misconduct. The conclusion resulted from a decision by top career Justice Department executive David Margolis to reverse a recommendation of investigators that found the two lawyers' legal memos did constitute professional misconduct. That tentative conclusion, which was overruled by Margolis, said the lawyers should be referred to their state bar associations for potential disbarment. But in the final report, the examination of the legal guidance written by Justice Department lawyers John Yoo and Jay Bybee found they did not constitute a professional breach that could have led to state disbarment. The report by the Justice Department ethics office, called the Office of Professional Responsibility, also examined and cleared attorney Steven Bradbury. He headed the Office of Legal Counsel, which provided legal guidance to the executive branch during President George W. Bush's second term. The often-delayed release of the report came late Friday after it was sent to lawmakers on the House and Senate Judiciary committees, who made the findings public. In addition to the content itself, the constantly delayed release of the politically sensitive report had become an issue. Issuance of the report was repeatedly postponed for more than a year, prompting lawmakers and civil liberties groups to press for publication of the investigation's findings. In November, Holder told Congress the report would be made public "by the end of the month." Reaction to the Justice Department investigation largely fell along party lines, with liberal Democrats unhappy with the conclusions, and highlighting criticism of the Bush Administration lawyers. "While the report concludes the lawyers did not breach their minimal professional obligations, I certainly hold top lawyers at the Justice Department] to a higher standard than that, as all Americans should," said Rep. John Conyers, D-Michigan. Conyers, who chairs the House Judiciary Committee focused on the lawyers' "poor judgments," and said, "Today's report makes plain that those memos were legally flawed and fundamentally unsound." Meanwhile, conservative lawmakers applauded the decision not to recommend action against the Bush administration officials who proposed enhanced interrogation techniques. "It is important that future government lawyers know that their efforts to protect Americans will not be criminalized by future administrations," said Rep. Lamar Smith, R-Texas, the top Republican on the House Judiciary Committee. "We know that the decision of these attorneys to approve enhanced interrogation tactics in the wake of 9/11 saved lives," he declared.
highlights: DoJ: No professional misconduct by lawyers who wrote "torture memos" Conclusion reversed recommended referral of lawyers for disbarment . John Yoo and Jay Bybee developed legal guidance on enhanced interrogation . Also cleared was Steven Bradbury, who headed the Office of Legal Counsel .
id: a5f40be052cb9500c1a61072d11e3ee58cb85b39
chatgpt: The US Department of Justice (DoJ) has confirmed that there was no professional misconduct by lawyers who wrote the "torture memos" that formed legal guidance for the use of enhanced interrogation techniques. This conclusion effectively reversed a previous recommendation to refer the lawyers for disbarment. John Yoo and Jay Bybee, who were US government lawyers, wrote the controversial memos in 2002 during the presidency of George W. Bush. The memos paved the way for the use of tactics such as waterboarding, sleep deprivation, and other enhanced interrogation techniques by the CIA on terrorist suspects in detention centers like Guantanamo Bay. The three lawyers, which included Steve Bradbury, who ran the Office of Legal Counsel at the DoJ, were accused of providing shoddy legal reasoning and violating professional ethics by offering justification for what amounted to torture. However, following an investigation by the DoJ's Office of Professional Responsibility, it was concluded that the lawyers acted within the bounds of their professional roles. In a statement, the DoJ said, "After extensive investigation, the department's Office of Professional Responsibility concluded that Yoo and Bybee exercised poor judgment by overstating the legal justification for the enhanced interrogation program, but did not commit professional misconduct." It added that the interpretation of the law they offered was based on their own best judgment at the time. The decision has reignited a fierce debate over the use of waterboarding and other controversial tactics. While some argue that such methods were necessary at the time to protect innocent lives, others argue that they were inhumane and a violation of international law. The American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) criticized the decision of the DoJ not to refer the lawyers for disbarment, saying it "represents a miscarriage of justice.” Jameel Jaffer, the director of the ACLU's National Security Project, said in a statement, "The Justice Department's decision to clear John Yoo and Jay Bybee of professional-misconduct charges is a sad day for the rule of law." The decision of the DoJ has implications for both the reputation of the lawyers concerned and the legacy of the Bush presidency. The memos have long been seen as emblematic of the extreme tactics employed by the US government in the aftermath of the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks. Many influential political figures, including former President Barack Obama, have criticized the memos and the actions that they enabled. Obama issued an executive order in 2009 that banned the use of enhanced interrogation techniques by the CIA, arguing that such tactics were inconsistent with American values. However, supporters of the memos argue that they were necessary to prevent further terrorism and that the lawyers involved acted in the interests of national security. As the debate rages on, it is clear that the "torture memos" will continue to be a highly contested issue. The latest decision by the DoJ will likely serve to intensify, rather than resolve, the controversy.