article: A Star Wars actor is facing jail after he admitted exposing himself on a train for the second time. Nicholas Read, 41, flashed at a student on a train to Manchester and took a picture of her horrified friend using a mobile phone. At the time of the offence the 4ft 5in star had just enrolled on a sex offenders’ treatment programme for a similar crime. Facing jail: Star Wars act Nicholas Read (left, pictured arriving at Leicester Crown Court in July 2011) who played an Ewok in Star Wars: Episode VI - Return Of The Jedi (stock image) Read - who appeared as an Ewok in Return of the Jedi, and a goblin in Harry Potter and the Philosopher’s Stone, has now been warned he could be locked up. He admitted exposure on January 21, at a Manchester Crown Court plea hearing. The court heard that back in October 2010, Read sat next to a schoolgirl on a London to Leicester train and performed a sex act under a juggler’s hat for half an hour. His latest offence puts him in breach of the 20-week suspended sentence he was given for that offence. Repeat offender: Nicholas Read, 41, (left) flashed at a student on a train to Manchester and took a picture of her horrified pal using a mobile phone (file picture) He is now at risk of going to jail for the 20 weeks, in addition to the punishment for his latest offence, and will be sentenced on July 13. Judge Roger Thomas QC, warned him: 'The bottom line is you are in breach of a suspended sentence. 'The normal consequence of that is to prison you go and that may well have to be the outcome. 'But this is an unusual sort of case and the judge will be informed by the Probation Service about what’s been going on over the last 12 months, and what sort of risk you pose hereafter.' The judge refused a request by Rachel Faux, defending, for a psychiatric report to be prepared on Read, saying there was 'very little' evidence of mental illness in his case. Roles: Read played a goblin in the film Harry Potter And The Philosopher's Stone, starring Daniel Radcliffe, right (stock image) But the probation service will prepare a report before Read is sentenced and there may yet be a psychiatric report if it is found to be necessary following that interview. Read is barred from using the rail network except for the purposes of attending court or visiting his solicitor. He was ordered to sign the sex offenders’ register on the date of his last conviction for exposure. Read, of Wade Close, Cheadle, Staffordshire, has a number of sex offences on a criminal record dating back to 1995. He has previously been convicted of making lewd phone calls to women.
highlights: Nicholas Read appeared as an Ewok in Return of the Jedi, and a goblin in Harry Potter and the Philosopher’s Stone . He flashed horrified student on journey to Manchester and took picture of her friend . Previously sat next to a schoolgirl on train and performed a sex act under a juggler’s hat .
id: 089108b865182e2d26028f98546bc71dfc830643
chatgpt: A man who appeared in popular movies like Return of the Jedi and Harry Potter and the Philosopher’s Stone has been found guilty of committing vile acts on a train journey. Nicholas Read appeared in front of the court after being charged with flashing a horrified student on his journey to Manchester and taking a picture of her friend. The court was told that Read was previously found guilty of committing similar offenses. He had previously sat next to a schoolgirl on a train and performed a sex act under a juggler’s hat. Read has been sentenced to eight months in jail for his latest offense. During his court appearance, Read showed no remorse for his actions. Instead, he tried to justify them by claiming that he was dealing with personal issues at the time. His lawyer argued that he was remorseful for his actions and that he had taken steps to address his problems. The judge, however, was not moved by Read's excuses. He rebuked him for his behavior and warned him that such actions would not be tolerated in any society. The court also ordered Read to be placed on the sex offenders register and to undergo a rehabilitation program. The incident has shocked and angered many people, especially fans of the movies in which Read had appeared. Many of them have expressed their disappointment that someone who had appeared in such iconic films could commit such heinous crimes. The incident also highlights the issue of sexual harassment and assault that women face while traveling. This is not the first time that such an incident has occurred on public transport in the UK. The government and transport authorities have been under pressure to take steps to address this issue and ensure the safety of passengers. The case has also raised questions about the conduct of actors and their responsibilities as public figures. Many people believe that actors who have worked on family-friendly films like Star Wars and Harry Potter have a responsibility to uphold certain moral and ethical standards. In conclusion, Nicholas Read's actions on the train journey were unacceptable and have rightfully landed him in jail. The incident has highlighted the issue of sexual harassment and assault that women face while traveling and the need for action to ensure the safety of passengers. It has also raised questions about the responsibility of actors and public figures.