article: Jose Mourinho criticised Newcastle's ball boys and accused them of wasting time after Chelsea's 2-1 defeat at St James' Park on Saturday. Mourinho, who is yet to taste a league victory at Newcastle in his two stints as Chelsea boss, felt his side were unfortunate to lose and suggested the Magpies employed time-wasting tactics to get over the line. Papiss Cisse came off the bench to score both goals in the second half, and Didier Drogba's late header wasn't enough to prevent Chelsea from falling to their first defeat of the season. VIDEOS Scroll down to watch . Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho remonstrates with fourth official Robert Madley . Mourinho lets off a rise smile as his team were beaten for the first time this season on Saturday . 'No complaints. Unlucky,' he said. 'We had a lot of chances to score in the first half, we didn't. In the second half again we had chances, we didn't (score). 'They defend and the first time they were there (in attack) they score a goal. After that, everybody (got) behind (the ball) against a team that tried everything and a team (in which) every player went to the last seconds. 'We wanted to play more football but it was not possible because a few things I thought didn't belong any more to top-level football but still belongs - the ball disappeared, the ball doesn't come, another ball comes, the ball boys run away - these kind of situations that unfortunately are still part of the game. But no complaints.' Papiss Cisse came off the bench to score both goals for the home side in their win . Chelsea fell to their first Premier League defeat in 15 games this season . Nemanja Matic could make an immediate return after suspension for Chelsea's Champions League clash with Sporting Lisbon on Wednesday. Chelsea boss Mourinho allowed Matic to enjoy a 'holiday' while forced to sit out Saturday's defeat. Serbia midfielder Matic lost his record of starting all Chelsea's Barclays Premier League games after picking up his fifth booking of the season in the 3-0 victory over Tottenham. Mourinho could well rotate his squad for Sporting's Stamford Bridge visit, with Chelsea already assured of top spot in Group G and safe passage to the last 16. John Terry looks on helpless after Cisse scores the second goal for Newcastle . 'He has a little bit of a holiday, a free weekend that he deserves very, very much: and he will come back stronger,' said Mourinho of Matic. 'If one player has a free weekend for example, obviously he is ready to play again three or four more matches in a row. 'I keep saying that I think it's very, very difficult for a player to play every game in December. 'So if we have eight matches, I would say the maximum a player can play is seven.' Head here to Like MailOnline Sport's Facebook page.
highlights: Chelsea suffered first defeat of the season at St James' Park on Saturday . Papiss Cisse scored both goals as Newcastle claimed three points . Jose Mourinho critical of ball boys at St James' Park . Chelsea manager was unhappy with how long it took to retrieve a ball .
id: 18f56692584b9ff53ee6ccfba9421b5245517053
chatgpt: It was a shock result as Chelsea fell to their first defeat of the season at St James' Park on Saturday. The Blues were beaten 2-1 by Newcastle United, with Papiss Cisse scoring both goals to claim three points for the home side. The result puts a dent in Chelsea's title hopes and puts pressure on manager Jose Mourinho to turn things around quickly. The first half of the game was a quiet affair, with both sides struggling to create clear-cut chances. However, it was Newcastle who broke the deadlock just before the break. Cisse pounced on a loose ball in the box to open the scoring and give the Magpies a narrow lead. Chelsea came out firing in the second half, looking for an equalizer. However, it was Newcastle who struck again on the hour mark. Cisse once again found himself in the right place at the right time to double his side's lead. The Blues pulled one back through Didier Drogba's header with 12 minutes remaining, and they continued to push forward in search of an equalizer. However, Newcastle held on for a famous victory. After the game, Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho was critical of the ball boys at St James' Park. The Portuguese coach was unhappy with how long it took to retrieve a ball during the game, and he believes it had an impact on his side's performance. "I don't like the ball boys," Mourinho said in his post-match press conference. "The ball boys were very slow, and in a game with two goals down, you need a fast game. We tried to play quickly, and the ball boys were too slow. It took a long time to have the ball back in play." Mourinho's comments are sure to raise eyebrows, especially as ball boys are not directly under his control. Nevertheless, the Chelsea boss is renowned for his attention to detail and his desire to control every aspect of his team's performance. Despite the defeat, Chelsea remain top of the Premier League table, thanks to their impressive start to the season. However, they will need to bounce back quickly if they are to maintain their title challenge. Mourinho will be looking for his players to respond in their next game, as they look to get back to winning ways. The defeat at St James' Park is a warning sign for Chelsea, who cannot afford to slip up if they are to lift the Premier League trophy at the end of the season. With challenging fixtures against top sides such as Man City and Liverpool still to come, Mourinho and his players will need to be at their best over the course of the season.