article: A U.S. Marine accused of killing a transgender Filipina appeared in court for the first time Friday to ask a court in the Philippines to downgrade his murder charge. The Marine, Joseph Scott Pemberton, is being held at a . U.S. facility at the main Philippine army base — charged with the murder of Jennifer Laude who was found dead on Oct. 11 in a . hotel in Olongapo City, northwest of Manila. Philippine government officials say Pemberton attacked Laude in a motel room after finding out she was a transgender woman. She had apparently been strangled and drowned in a toilet bowl. Scroll down for video . Private First Class Joseph Pemberton (left) is charged with murder in the death of Jennifer Laude (right) Pemberton is seen in a cell phone picture taken inside the courtroom by the victim's sister Marilou Laude . A handcuffed Pemberton appeared in court wearing a black . suit and striped tie. He sat quietly, flanked by U.S. security . officers, as his lawyers asked the court to suspend proceedings in a standard trial tactic. The court is expected to decide Monday if a judge will grant Pemberton's request to soften his murder charge to homicide. The murder charge, which requires premeditation, carries a maximum 40-year prison sentence, compared to 20 years for homicide. Protesters jeer as the convoy of vehicles transporting Pemberton leaves the court after his Friday appearance . Protesters chanting 'Justice for Laude' demonstrate outside the courtroom where Pemberton appeared for the first time . Laude's sister, Marilou, had mixed emotions on seeing Pemberton for the first time. 'I wanted to ask him why he killed my brother,' said Marilou, whose transgender sibling was born Jeffrey eventually became Jennifer. 'I wanted to bang his head against the wall. I wanted to be angry, but I am also afraid.' Pemberton remains in U.S. custody while his trial gets under way. On the right, he is transported to his U.S.-managed detention facility . The U.S. embassy this week rejected a foreign ministry . request to hand Pemberton to Philippine authorities, citing the . Visiting Forces Agreement (VFA). Legal rules on the treatment of erring servicemen are laid . out in the 1998 pact signed by Manila and Washington to allow . U.S. forces to hold military drills in the Philippines to test . the readiness of the allies. A group of anti-U.S. activists gathered outside the . court to demand justice for Laude. Dozens of news cameramen and . photographers also waited for Pemberton, who was brought to . court in a convoy of heavily-tinted SUVs.
highlights: Marine Joseph Pemberton sat quietly during his first court appearance in the Philippines as his lawyers asked the court to downgrade his charges . Pemberton is charged with murder in the death of Jennifer Laude, who prosecutors say was strangled and drowned in a toilet bowl . A judge is expected to decide on Monday if he will soften the charges against Pemberton from murder to homicide and halve his maximum sentence . Prosecutors say Pemberton killed Laude at a motel after  finding out she was not born a woman .
id: dc5c2dabb6915a9678e0caea8c7a93f72e962c7d
chatgpt: Marine Joseph Pemberton appeared in court in the Philippines for the first time on Monday, where his lawyers requested a downgrade of charges from murder to homicide. Pemberton is charged with murdering Jennifer Laude, who prosecutors contend was strangled and drowned in a toilet bowl. The judge is expected to deliver his verdict on Monday, which could result in Pemberton seeing his maximum sentence reduced by half. The case has stirred up a great deal of emotions in the Philippines and sparked protests from LGBTQ activists who rallied outside the courthouse as Pemberton was brought in. The prosecution claims that Pemberton killed Laude at a motel after discovering that she was a transgender woman. Prosecutors say Pemberton was so enraged that he strangled her and then drowned her in the toilet bowl. Pemberton's lawyers are trying to lower the charges from murder to homicide, arguing that there were no aggravating circumstances in the case, such as treachery or cruelty. They contend that Pemberton acted in self-defense after Laude tried to rob him. If the judge were to downgrade Pemberton's charges to homicide, it would significantly reduce his maximum sentence. Prosecutors are trying to keep the charges as murder and are selecting aggravating circumstances to present to the judge. They argue that Pemberton killed Laude with treachery and cruelty, which would mean he would be eligible for a life imprisonment sentence. The evidence presented so far indicates that it was a planned killing, and he had enough time to think about his actions that led to Laude's death. The judge will have to consider all the evidence and the arguments presented by both sides, but the case has raised larger questions about the relationship between the US and the Philippines. The Philippines has requested custody of Pemberton during the trial, and the US has agreed to this request. The case has sparked outrage among some within the Philippines, who feel that the US is meddling in their judicial system. As the trial continues, the uncertainties surrounding the case leave many questions unanswered, and the family of Jennifer Laude is left to mourn their loved one while waiting for justice. The trial has also highlighted the issue of violence against the transgender community in the Philippines and the difficulties that transgender individuals face in society.