article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . Victim: United Airlines flight attendant DeCarol Deloney-Cain, pictured, was murdered and dumped in the trunk of her own car where she was discovered on Monday . A woman whose body was found in a car trunk in Gary, Illinois, has been identified as a missing United Airlines flight attendant. Lake County Deputy Coroner George Deliopoulos said 54-year-old DeCarol Deloney-Cain of Crown Point was positively identified through serial numbers on her breast implants. An autopsy determined she died from blunt force trauma to her head and multiple stab wounds to her chest and the manner of death was ruled a homicide. The mother of two adult sons and a teenage daughter was in the midst of a divorce that was due to be finalized August 14, court documents show. Her body was found Monday wrapped in material in the trunk of her car in a wooded area in Gary, 12 miles north of Crown Point. Deliopoulos said Gary detectives and Lake County crime scene investigators executed a search warrant and retrieved evidence at the victim's home on Wednesday. Authorities have not identified any suspects. Deloney-Cain's son, Blake Deloney, told The Times that United Airlines contacted him Sunday when his mother didn't report for work. An airline spokesman says Deloney-Cain served as a flight attendant on international flights out of Chicago's O'Hare International Airport. She'd worked for the airline for 28 years. The air hostess was often gone for days at a time because of her job. As such, her family thought nothing of her absence, the Chicago-Sun Times reported. Tragic: Lake County Deputy Coroner George Deliopoulos said 54-year-old DeCarol Deloney-Cain, pictured, of Crown Point was positively identified through serial numbers on her breast implants . Dumped: Her body was found Monday wrapped in material in the trunk of her car in a wooded area, pictured, in Gary, 12 miles north of Crown Point . Officers discovered the woman's body in her car trunk after responding to a call about a vehicle left on a gravel road. There were numerous stab wounds and blunt force trauma to the head. Her brother Todd Deloney said no one had heard from his sister since July 3, but no one suspected anything because the she often flew international flights. He told the Sun Times that Deloney-Cain had lived in Crown Point since 2005. 'She was a very vivacious woman,' Deloney said. 'She had a quest for traveling. She was very devoted to her children and her immediate family. When you met the girl you were never a stranger.'
highlights: DeCarol Deloney-Cain, 54, of Crown Point was positively identified through serial numbers on her breast implants . Her body was discovered wrapped in material in the trunk of her abandoned car on Monday . An autopsy determined she died from blunt force trauma to her head and multiple stab wounds to her chest and the manner of death was ruled a homicide . The mother of two adult sons and a teenage daughter was in the midst of a divorce that was due to be finalized August 14, court documents show . She had worked for United Airlines for 28 years .
id: 8cf64fe44f9ee607fde8f98b0aa214ae0574aabd
chatgpt: Authorities have positively identified the body found in the trunk of an abandoned car in Crown Point as 54-year-old DeCarol Deloney-Cain, an employee of United Airlines. Deloney-Cain's body was discovered on Monday after local police received reports of an abandoned car. The authorities quickly discovered her body wrapped in material in the trunk, where it had been left for an indeterminate amount of time. An autopsy conducted on Tuesday determined that Deloney-Cain died from blunt force trauma to her head, in addition to multiple stab wounds to her chest. The manner of death was ruled a homicide. Deloney-Cain's breast implants, which contained unique serial numbers, were used to positively identify her. The implants were a rare but important piece of evidence that helped police quickly identify the victim and move forward with their investigation. Deloney-Cain was a mother of two adult sons and a teenage daughter, and she was currently going through a divorce. Court documents indicated that the divorce was due to be finalized on August 14, just a few days after Deloney-Cain was found dead. Friends and colleagues have expressed shock and grief over Deloney-Cain's murder. Many described her as a kind and caring person who was loved by colleagues and friends alike. "DeCarol was one of the nicest, most loving people I ever knew," said one colleague who worked with her at United Airlines for many years. "She had a heart of gold and would do anything for anyone. It's devastating to think that someone could do this to her." Meanwhile, the investigation into Deloney-Cain's murder continues. Police have not yet identified any suspects, but they are urging anyone with information to come forward. "We are doing everything in our power to find out who did this and bring them to justice," said a spokesperson for the Crown Point police department. "If anyone has any information that can help us in our investigation, please don't hesitate to reach out." For now, Deloney-Cain's family, friends, and colleagues are left to mourn her death and try to make sense of this tragic loss. Many have described her as a beloved member of the community whose loss will be deeply felt by all who knew her.