article: Former Manchester United assistant manager Mike Phelan believes Cristiano Ronaldo would be keen on sealing a move back to Old Trafford in the future. Ronaldo has been linked with a return to Manchester United during his time at Real Madrid, however a move has never come to fruition. The 29-year-old, who worked under Phelan during his six-year career at Manchester United, is happy with life in Madrid but Phelan believes he could be tempted back to the Premier League. Mike Phelan believes Cristiano Ronaldo could return to Manchester United before he hangs up his boots . Ronaldo left Manchester United to join Real Madrid for £80million in June 2009 . Portuguese superstar Ronaldo spent six years at Manchester United before sealing a move to Spain . Phelan, speaking to IBTimes UK, said: 'Ronaldo loved his time at Manchester United and, if Manchester United were interested in him again, then he would listen to that because part of his career has come through Man United. 'But listen, he is where he is because of him being Ronaldo and, at the moment, Madrid are successful so I can't see why he would think about coming back to Manchester United now.' Phelan has labelled Louis van Gaal's current crop of players 'formidable' and insists United do not need to bring in many reinforcements during the January transfer window. 'Do they need to sign anyone? I'm not there anymore but what I've seen is that a full Manchester United squad going into January will be formidable,' added Phelan. 'They have quality. 'There haven't been many times when they've purchased in January apart from rare examples – [Nemanja] Vidic, [Patrice] Evra, et cetera. 'It's been the case of seeing what is out there, what you can bring in and the amount you are willing to spend. It is an inflated market.' Patrice Evra and Nemanja Vidic are rare January transfer window success stories, according to Phelan .
highlights: Mike Phelan believes Cristiano Ronaldo would consider Man United return . United sold Ronaldo to Real Madrid for £80million in June 2009 . Phelan believes his former side's current players are 'formidable'
id: 6aa40fbf88af2155cf66dce8ce87d6a617e9bf31
chatgpt: Former Manchester United assistant coach, Mike Phelan believes that Cristiano Ronaldo would not rule out the possibility of a return to the club. Ronaldo left United for Real Madrid in June 2009 after the Spanish giants splashed out £80million to sign him. However, Phelan believes that the 36-year-old Portuguese star would consider a return to Old Trafford. Ronaldo joined United in 2003 as an 18-year-old and quickly established himself as one of the best young talents in Europe. He helped the club win three Premier League titles and one UEFA Champions League trophy before leaving for Real Madrid. Phelan, who worked alongside Sir Alex Ferguson during those successful years, knows the Portuguese star well and believes he still has a lot of football left in him. "I think with Cristiano, he loves football so much that he wouldn't rule anything out," Phelan told Sky Sports. "I'm not speaking for Ronaldo, but I know him quite well and I think he'll want to continue playing football to the highest level possible for as long as he can. So, why not Manchester United? It's a huge football club, the fanbase is all over the world, and he enjoyed his time there." Phelan was also full of praise for United's current squad, which he believes is a 'formidable' team. United have made some shrewd signings in recent years, including Bruno Fernandes, Harry Maguire, and Edinson Cavani, and are starting to look like genuine contenders for the Premier League title this season. Phelan believes that the club is moving in the right direction and could even challenge for major honours in the near future. "Manchester United have always been a club that look to compete for trophies," Phelan added. "They're in the top echelons of football, so I think it's expected. But, having seen the team that they've got now, with all the acquisitions that they've made, it's a formidable team. They've got a lot of strength in depth now and they're going about their business in the right way." Only time will tell if Ronaldo will consider a return to Old Trafford, but one thing is for sure, Manchester United are on the right path to success with a squad that is starting to show its true potential.