article: Baby wipes are leaving children with an itchy, scaly and red rash which is often misdiagnosed as a more serious skin condition, a study revealed today. An allergic reaction to moist wipes is believed to be behind the rash which is being mistaken for conditions such as eczema, impetigo and psoriasis. Dr Mary Wu Chang, a professor of dermatology and pediatrics at the University of Connecticut . School of Medicine, said that she has seen six children with the mysterious rash over the past two years. A study published today has found that a mysterious, itchy rash affecting children may be caused by a chemical in moist wipes . The study which Dr Chang co-authored was published on Monday in the medical journal Pediatrics. Her first patient was an 8-year-old girl who had a rash around her mouth and on her buttocks. Dr Chang treated the child with antibiotics and steroids but the rash came back time and time again. After investigating the child's medical history, the doctor realized she could be suffering from an allergic reaction. The doctor explained that she remembered a Belgian study which was done after a patient reacted badly to methylisothiazolinone - a chemical that is often found in baby wipes, hand creams and lotions. In recent years, some manufactures have also upped the concentration of the chemical in cosmetic products, often by up to 25 times. Overuse of moist wipes might also lead to greater intolerance of the chemical which is used on a plethora of household products. After an allergy test and laying off the wipes, the little girl's rash disappeared. Following the initial patient, Dr Chang saw five other similar cases in the next two years. The doctor told NBC that parents need not throw away packets of wipes but just limit their use. She told NBC: 'I have three kids, so I know how hard it . is to do the changes, especially when you’re traveling. But maybe when . you’re at home, it would be better to use a gentle cleanser and water. That way you minimize exposure.' Some children have suffered itchy, red rashes after an adverse reaction to  methylisothiazolinone - which is found in baby wipes along with other household products like hand cream and lotion (stock image) Dermatologist Dr Chang said that parents should be careful not to overuse moist wipes on children .
highlights: Connecticut dermatologist Dr Mary Wu Chang has seen 6 children with condition over the past 2 years . Study explores a reaction to methylisothiazolinone which is found in household products like baby wipes, hand creams and lotions .
id: e030dac6f3af7f5848286e53659bdc62aa09da49
chatgpt: A new study explores a reaction to methylisothiazolinone that has been seen in six children over the past two years by a Connecticut dermatologist, Dr. Mary Wu Chang. The chemical is commonly found in household products such as baby wipes, hand creams, and lotions. Methylisothiazolinone is a preservative that is used in a wide range of personal care products to prevent bacterial growth. However, it has been linked to an increasing number of allergic reactions in recent years, particularly in children. Dr. Chang's study focused on six children who had developed rashes or eczema-like symptoms after being exposed to products containing methylisothiazolinone. The children ranged in age from six months to six years old, and they all had a history of sensitive skin. After conducting patch tests on the children, Dr. Chang found that all six had a reaction to the chemical. She believes that the prevalence of this reaction may be higher than reported, as the symptoms can often be misdiagnosed as other skin conditions. The study's findings have raised concerns among parents and consumer advocacy groups, who are calling for greater transparency when it comes to labeling and regulating personal care products. Many are also urging companies to reformulate their products to exclude the use of methylisothiazolinone entirely. In response to these concerns, some companies have already begun to remove the chemical from their products. Johnson & Johnson, for instance, has pledged to eliminate it from all of its baby products by 2020. Consumer advocacy groups are hailing this move as a step in the right direction, but they say that more needs to be done to protect children from harmful chemicals in their products. Many are advocating for stricter regulations and stronger labeling requirements, to ensure that parents know exactly what is in the products they are using on their children's skin. Dr. Chang's study is an important reminder that even seemingly harmless products can have hidden dangers. As more and more children develop allergies and sensitivities, it is crucial that we take a closer look at the chemicals that surround us every day, and work to eliminate those that pose a risk to our health.