article: The young man and the sea... During a moment that would have made famed marlin hunter Ernest Hemingway jealous, a Brooklyn teenager hauled in the year's biggest blue marlin off the coast of Kona, Hawaii. The fish 16-year-old Kai Rizzuto caught weighs 1,058lbs and measures 11 feet from tip to tail. Rizzuto, the grandson of sport fishing writer Jim Rizzuto, snagged the rare 'grander' blue marlin earlier this week and the moment was captured on video. Scroll down for video . Kai Rizzuto (left of fish) poses with the rare 'grander' blue marlin he caught off the coast of Kona, Hawaii . Rizzuto got the 1,058lb, 11-foot fish aboard his 45-foot boat after a struggle that lasted for half an hour . Vimeo.com . When the five people on the boat finally got it aboard, the fish barely fit and its tail was hanging off the end . The teen was finally able to get the marlin aboard the 45-foot Monterey fishing boat he was on after a struggle that lasted for about a half an hour, HawaiiNewsNow reported. The so-called grander, which get its name because it weighs more than 1,000lbs, died during the fight. Rizzuto said: 'I'll tell you it was the hardest 30 minutes I've ever fought a fish. 'When I saw that fish at the end of line I was just thinking, don't break off. Do not break off.' When the fish was finally hauled in, it barely fit on the boat. It took all five people aboard the boat to secure the fish for measurements. The boat's captain, McGrew Rice, called the catch, 'the fish of a lifetime', according to NBC News. 'That's like hitting a grand slam home run in the last inning of the World Series.' It was the third grander Rice and his crew have ever brought aboard the boat. The marlin was the first grander of the year off the coast of Kona and Rizzuto’s first blue marlin as well . The boat's captain, McGrew Rice called it 'the fish of a lifetime' and compared it to a World Series home run . When Rizzuto (sitting) got the big fish on his line, he just started thinking 'do not break off' over and over . It was Rizzuto’s first blue marlin and the first grander of the year in Kona, GrindTV reported. Rizzuto's uncle said his nephew 'doesn't have to worry about what he's going to write his college essay about'. He added: 'Marlin meat is very nutritious and is used in a lot of dishes, from poke and sashimi to sausages, jerky, tacos, fish cake and other delicacies. 'This fish was shared widely and there are probably more than 100 people enjoying it now.” The largest marlin on record weighed 1,560lbs and was caught in 1953 off the coast of Peru. The meat on the fish, which is called a grander because it weighs more than 1,000lbs. did not go to waste .
highlights: Kai Rizzuto caught the 1,058lb fish off the coast of Kona earlier this week . He struggled with the marlin for half hour before getting it into 45-foot boat . Catching a 'grander' marlin is a rare feat and it only happens a few times a year . The biggest marlin ever weighed 1,560lbs and was caught in 1953 near Peru .
id: 503a91173a460e5df1b255fbb7b0ffcbcffa5e87
chatgpt: A seasoned fisherman from Hawaii has made headlines for a remarkable catch of a 1,058lb marlin off the coast of Kona earlier this week. Kai Rizzuto had been on a fishing excursion on his 45-foot vessel when he hooked the massive marlin.  According to Rizzuto, he struggled with the fish for around 30 minutes before successfully getting it onboard. The catch was a significant achievement, as catching a 'grander' marlin weighing over 1,000lbs is a rare feat. These catches only occur a few times a year off the coast of Hawaii. The largest marlin ever recorded weighed an incredible 1,560lbs and was caught in 1953 near Peru. The catch by Rizzuto is impressive given the size and weight of the marlin he hauled in. The estimated length of the fish was around 14 feet, which is gargantuan compared to most fish caught by sport fishers.  Kona is well-known for its fantastic game fishing opportunities, and the area attracts many fishing enthusiasts. The calm waters and abundant marine life make it one of the best spots in the world to catch large fish. Fishing for marlin, in particular, is an exciting challenge for anglers, as these fish are known for their strength, agility, and size.  The catch by Rizzuto is significant not only for its size but also because of the rarity of the accomplishment. A marlin weighing over 1,000lbs is considered a 'grander,' and catching one of these fish is a notable achievement for any sport fisher. It is a testament to the angler's skill and determination. After catching the massive marlin, Rizzuto set sail back to shore and took the fish to be weighed and documented by the authorities. The event has generated a significant buzz in the fishing community, with many admirers congratulating Rizzuto on his success. In the wake of Rizzuto's catch, many fishing enthusiasts have expressed interest in visiting Kona to try their luck at catching a 'grander' themselves. The area is likely to see an increase in tourism as a result, as many people admire the stunning location for fishing and its strong fishing culture. Overall, the catch by Rizzuto is an exceptional achievement and a tribute to the art of sport fishing. It is a reminder that with skill, patience, and determination, anything is possible in the world of angling.