article: LONDON, England (CNN) -- New data released Thursday suggests that the Arctic Ocean will be "largely ice free" during summer within a decade. As the Arctic sea ice melts, polar bears face extinction. The report, complied by the UK-based Catlin Arctic Survey and the World Wildlife Fund (WWF), is the latest research into ice thickness in the Arctic. Researchers predict that within 20 years ice cover will be completely gone during the warmer months. The expedition, which was completed in May, was led by UK explorer Pen Hadow. He and his team collected data by manually drilling into the ice and noting its thickness along a 450-kilometer route across the northern part of the Beaufort Sea. They found that the area surveyed was comprised almost exclusively of first year ice. Scientists think this is significant because traditionally the region has been made up of much older, thicker ice. "Discovering this area of younger ice provides another body of information that supports the rapidly emerging scientific consensus that it's going to be nearer 10 years from now that we will see roughly 80-85 percent free waters in the Arctic Ocean," Hadow told CNN. Measurements taken by Hadow and his team report that the ice-floes were on average 1.8 meters thick -- which, according to scientists, is too thin to survive next summer's ice melt. Professor Peter Wadhams, head of the Polar Ocean Physics Group at the UK's University of Cambridge said: "With a large part of the region now first year ice, it is clearly more vulnerable. The area is now more likely to become open water each summer, bringing forward the potential date when the summer sea ice will be completely gone." Professor Wadhams, who has analyzed the expedition data, added: "The Catlin Arctic Survey data supports the new consensus view that the Arctic will be ice-free in summer within about 20 years, and much of that decrease will be happening within 10 years."  Click here to see pictures of the expedition » . Martin Sommerkorn from the WWF International Arctic Program believes that the changes in sea-ice cover in the region are likely to increase global temperatures further. "Such a loss of Arctic sea ice has recently been assessed to set in motion powerful climate feedbacks which will have an impact far beyond the Arctic itself," Sommerkorn said. "Arctic sea ice holds a central position in our Earth's climate system. Take it out of the equation and we are left with a dramatically warmer world," he added. Hadow fears that the current climate models developed by scientists may not be extreme enough. But he is hopeful that this new data will spur world leaders into action. "We are now in a loss period," Hadow told CNN. "Maybe losing this sea ice, this roof on the top of our planet in going to be an important moment, a big visual aid to the science that in combination can bring about some sort of global agreement on emissions."
highlights: New report says Arctic sea ice will largely disappear in summer within a decade . Survey captured latest data on ice thickness in Northern part of Beaufort Sea . Measurements show the ice-floes surveyed were on average 1.8 meters thick . Scientists warn that Arctic ice melt is likely to set off "powerful climate feedbacks"
id: d5216b84ab4befedee04c0f8a1f902fb863e80d1
chatgpt: A new report has predicted that Arctic sea ice will largely disappear during the summer months within the next decade. Scientists have been sounding the alarm on this issue for years, and new data on ice thickness in the Northern part of Beaufort Sea confirms their concerns. According to the report, the ice-floes surveyed in the Northern part of Beaufort Sea were on average 1.8 meters thick, which is significantly thinner than in previous years. This is a worrying trend because thinner ice is more prone to melting during the summer months. The report highlights the urgent need for more action to be taken to address climate change. The melting of Arctic sea ice has far-reaching consequences for the environment and human societies around the world. One of the biggest concerns is the impact that the melting of Arctic sea ice will have on global sea levels. The Arctic is home to massive stores of ice, and as this ice melts, it will flow into the oceans, causing sea levels to rise. The report also warns that the melting of Arctic sea ice is likely to set off "powerful climate feedbacks." These feedbacks could cause further warming of the planet, which could have devastating consequences for ecosystems and human societies. It is essential that world leaders take urgent action to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and mitigate the effects of climate change. The consequences of inaction are too severe to ignore. This report comes at a critical time for the planet, as world leaders prepare to meet for the United Nations Climate Change Conference in Glasgow. There is hope that this meeting will lead to significant progress on this issue, but there is also a sense of urgency. The melting of Arctic sea ice is not just an environmental issue – it is also a social and economic issue. Arctic communities rely on the ice for hunting and transportation, and as the ice disappears, their way of life is threatened. In addition, the melting of Arctic sea ice could open up new shipping routes and access to previously untapped oil and gas reserves. While this may seem like a potential boon for some, it comes at great cost to the environment and human societies. The report concludes with a call to action for world leaders, urging them to take strong action to address the issue of climate change. It is clear that the consequences of inaction are simply too severe to ignore. In the end, it is not just the Arctic that is at risk – the entire planet is in danger from the effects of climate change. It is time for world leaders to act decisively to protect the planet and the future of all living beings.