article: (CNN) -- Top seed Svetlana Kuznetsova tumbled out of the BNP Paribas Open in Indian Wells on Saturday, but two-time champion Kim Clijsters cruised into the third round. Kuznetsova, who lost in the 2007 and 2008 finals, became the first top-ranked player at the Californian tournament to lose their opening match since Clijsters in 2002. The Russian, who had an opening-round bye, lost 6-4 4-6 6-1 to unseeded Spaniard Carla Suarez-Navarro as she paid for her 69 unforced errors and seven double-faults. "It's frustrating, because I know I have the game," the 24-year-old told the tournament's official Web site. "I feel great. I do practice, play unbelievable, and then get to the match and I don't do much. "So my thinking is I just need more matches because as soon as I have matches, I keep going." Suarez-Navarro will play Agnes Szavay in the third round, with the Hungarian 27th seed progressing after a 6-3 6-2 victory against Taiwan's Chan Yung-Jan. U.S. Open champion Clijsters avoided suffering the same demise as fellow Belgian and former world No. 1 Justine Henin, who lost to Argentina's Gisela Dulko on Friday. Clijsters, seeded 14th in her first appearance at the tournament since winning it for the second time in 2005, thrashed Barbora Zahlavova Strycova of the Czech Republic 6-2 6-1. "I felt good out there today," Clijsters told the WTA Tour Web site. "Legs felt good, fresh. It's important in a match like this, to get through without wasting too much time, but also getting a good rhythm. "I want to get the game I had when I was playing at the U.S. Open, where I played really well. I want to keep raising the bar." Clijsters will next face Russian 23rd seed Alisa Kleybanova, who beat Bulgaria's Tsvetana Pironkova 6-7 (5-7) 6-3 6-1. Daniela Hantuchova, another two-time champion, was knocked out by Italy's Roberta Vinci. The 21st seed was upset 6-3 7-5 despite battling back from 3-0 down in the second set, with Vinci earning a third-round clash with Belgian 13th seed Yanina Wickmayer. Third seed Victoria Azarenka progressed with a 6-1 7-5 win over Austria's Sybille Bammer, and the Belarussian will next play Spanish 28th seed Maria Jose Martinez. Australian eighth seed Samantha Stosur defeated France's Julie Coin 6-1 7-6 (7-4) to set up a clash with Russian 25th seed Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova. Ninth seed Flavia Pennetta also went through with a 6-3 6-3 win over Czech Petra Kvitova, and the Italian will play Israel's 17th seed Shahar Peer in the third round.
highlights: Top seed Svetlana Kuznetsova exits BNP Paribas Open in Indian Wells . Russian loses her opening match 6-4 4-6 6-1 to unseeded Spaniard Carla Suarez-Navarro . Two-time champion Kim Clijsters cruises into third round, beating Barbora Zahlavova Strycova . Third seed Victoria Azarenka also wins in second round on Saturday .
id: dd10316cb6449daf9bfec747c2fdb870dc35ed67
chatgpt: The BNP Paribas Open in Indian Wells got off to a shocking start on Saturday as top seed Svetlana Kuznetsova lost her opening match to unseeded Spaniard Carla Suarez-Navarro. Despite a hard-fought battle in the first two sets, Kuznetsova ultimately succumbed to Suarez-Navarro 6-4, 4-6, 6-1 in a match that lasted just over two hours. Kuznetsova, currently ranked eighth in the world, had been widely tipped as one of the favorites to win the tournament. However, the Russian's early exit has now opened up the field and thrown the competition wide open. In contrast to Kuznetsova's demise, two-time champion Kim Clijsters had a much smoother ride into the third round, dismissing Czech player Barbora Zahlavova Strycova in straight sets 6-3, 6-2. Clijsters, who is playing in just her second tournament since coming out of retirement, looked in fine form as she dominated her opponent from start to finish. "I'm really happy with the way I played today," Clijsters said after the match. "Obviously, it's always tough coming back after a long time out, but I feel like my game is slowly coming back to me." Elsewhere in the tournament, third seed Victoria Azarenka also sailed through her second-round match, easily dispatching her opponent 6-1, 6-2. Azarenka, who won the BNP Paribas Open back in 2012, looked confident and assured on the court and will now be looking to build on this solid start as the tournament progresses. With Kuznetsova out of the picture, the tournament now looks wide open, and there could be a number of players vying for the title. However, world number two Simona Halep remains the clear favorite, having won the tournament in 2015 and reached the final last year. Despite her ranking and record at the tournament, Halep is not taking anything for granted and is fully focused on her next match. "I know how tough this tournament can be, and there are always surprises along the way," Halep said. "I just need to stay focused and take it one match at a time." With just over a week left to go, the BNP Paribas Open continues to provide thrilling tennis and endless surprises, and fans will be eagerly anticipating the remaining matches as the tournament heats up.