article: By . Alexandra Klausner . Rachel Blanchard, 38, a well known actress starring in TV shows like 'Fargo' and movies like 'Road Trip' says an internet stalker is spreading rumors about her personal life online that couldn't be further from the truth.When the actress is Googled it says that she has a husband named Adrian Brown and that she has two children Katie Elizabeth Brown and Ian Brown even though she has neither. Websites mysteriously say that she met Adrian Brown when she was filming the television series 'Peep Show' in England in 2004. Rachel Blanchard at the FX Networks Upfront Premiere Screening Of 'Fargo' where she told reporters she has an internet stalker . 'I don’t have [two kids] -- that's a rumor,' she told ABC News on Wednesday at the premiere of the television . 'I think I have an Internet stalker, who started that and then won’t take it down. I keep having it taken down and he keeps putting it back up. But I don’t have a husband, I don’t have two kids.' She says that the rumors have lost her job opportunities and have caused her family and friends uneccesary pain. 'My mom’s friend called in tears that she wasn't invited to the wedding,' she said. 'I lost a job because I was apparently pregnant with my second child. It's really annoying. ... Help me stop that rumor!' A web search on Rachel Blanchard says she is married to an Adrian Brown and has two children named Katie Elizabeth Brown and Ian Brown even though she is not married and doesn't have any children . Rachel Blanchard, 38, has said that even though she removed the rumors online they mysteriously keep reappearing .
highlights: Websites say the actress has a husband named Adrian Brown and that she has two children . Katie Elizabeth Brown and Ian Brown even though she has neither . Even though she keeps taking the false information down, untrue facts about her life are re-posted . 'My mom’s friend called in tears that she wasn't invited to the wedding,' she said of a close family friend of the marriage rumors .
id: e6f27c3a520b48f5156f9d614d63bdb3935da584
chatgpt: Actress denies false information about her personal life Famous actress, Sarah Johnson, has been the subject of false rumors about her personal life recently. Several websites have claimed that the actress is married to a man named Adrian Brown and has two children, Katie Elizabeth Brown and Ian Brown. However, Sarah has made it clear that these claims are untrue. Despite her efforts to take down the false information, it has continued to circulate on the internet. In a recent interview, Sarah expressed her frustration at the situation. "It's really upsetting to see all these untrue facts about my life being re-posted over and over again," she said. "I don't have a husband named Adrian Brown, and I don't have any children named Katie Elizabeth or Ian." Sarah went on to explain that the rumors have caused her and her loved ones a great deal of stress. "My mom's friend even called me in tears because she thought she wasn't invited to my wedding," Sarah said. "But there isn't even a wedding to be invited to!" The actress has been working hard to combat the false information. She has been in contact with the websites that have posted the rumors, and has requested that they take the information down. She has also taken to social media to defend herself and her personal life. "I just want people to know the truth," Sarah said. "I'm not married, and I don't have any children. It's frustrating to see these rumors continue to spread, but I'm doing everything I can to put a stop to them." Despite the challenges she has faced, Sarah remains hopeful that the situation will eventually resolve itself. "I think eventually people will realize that these rumors aren't true," she said. "It's just a matter of time."