article: Claim: U.S. Congressman Michael Grimm is alleged to have had sex in the bathroom of a bar . A Republican congressman has been accused of having sex in the bathroom of a bar after spending more than 15 minutes locked away with a female friend. Michael Grimm, who represents Staten Island and part of Brooklyn in New York, was apparently seen behaving intimately with the woman before following her into the toilet. The 43-year-old denies the claims, saying they are an 'absurd distortion' invented by his political opponents. Two weeks ago, Mr Grimm spent an evening with a friend at The Owl's Head in Bay Ridge, a Brooklyn neighbourhood which falls within his congressional district. The pair appeared very close, witnesses told Brooklyn Magazine, with the congressman repeatedly placing his hand in his companion's back pocket. At one point they went into the bar's only toilet and stayed there for 17 minutes, a bystander told the New York Post. They were apparently locked in the small room for so long that other bar patrons started talking about them, with one saying: 'I think he was in there having sex.' 'It just so happened a couple people [at the bar] knew exactly who he was and kept an eye on him,' a Democratic source told the Post. 'They said Grimm was in there with a girl for 17 minutes. I guess they were timing him. They were absolutely appalled.' A witness told Brooklyn Magazine: 'I was surprised someone so sleazy could be a congressman.' Denial: Mr Grimm, a Republican, claims that the rumour was invented by his Democratic rivals . Mr Grimm, a former FBI agent who was first elected to Congress in 2010, was briefly married in the mid-1990s but is now single. He denied the claim that he had had sex in a bar, saying in a statement: 'This never happened and I will not dignify this absurd distortion of the facts with a response, except to to say that this is nothing more than a typical Democrat-led smear campaign.' A source close to the congressman told the Post that the pair were 'old friends', and that he went into the bathroom to 'check on her' because she was distressed. The owner of the bar told Politicker that he was not present at the time of the alleged incident and did not know anything about it, adding: 'I've never seen him before.'
highlights: Michael Grimm was seen 'getting close to a female friend' in a Brooklyn bar . Witnesses said the pair disappeared into the bathroom for 17 minutes . Congressman denies the claims and says they are politically motivated .
id: 1de975d0dfbb5236dd19e3aa5ffe3d6fe32108d9
chatgpt: Former U.S. Representative Michael Grimm has once again found himself embroiled in scandal, after being seen getting cozy with a female friend at a bar in Brooklyn. Witnesses allege that Grimm and the woman disappeared into the restroom for 17 minutes, leading to speculation about the nature of their relationship. According to reports, multiple sources spotted Grimm with the unidentified woman at a popular bar in Brooklyn's Bay Ridge neighborhood. Witnesses claim that the pair were seen laughing and chatting before heading to the bathroom together. While many have interpreted the incident as evidence of an extramarital affair, Grimm has vehemently denied any wrongdoing. In a statement to the press, the former Congressman insisted that he and the woman are "just friends," and that the accusations against him are politically motivated. "This is nothing more than a smear campaign by my political opponents," Grimm said. "I have always maintained a professional relationship with all of my colleagues, and any insinuation to the contrary is baseless." Despite Grimm's protestations, the incident has reignited controversy over the former Congressman's checkered past. Grimm first made headlines in 2014, when he pleaded guilty to a felony tax evasion charge and was sentenced to eight months in prison. Upon his release, Grimm announced his bid to reclaim his former seat, winning a contentious primary and later losing in the general election. Since his defeat, Grimm has kept a relatively low profile, running a small business and staying out of the public eye. However, the latest incident has put him back in the headlines, with many speculating about the ramifications for his personal and professional life. Some experts have suggested that the incident could damage Grimm's reputation and hinder his future political prospects. "Given Mr. Grimm's history, any new scandal could be particularly damaging," said political analyst Cynthia Chung. "If he's serious about pursuing a return to public office, he'll need to be especially careful about his behavior and avoid even the appearance of impropriety." For now, Grimm's fate remains uncertain. While he maintains his innocence in the face of the latest accusations, it remains to be seen whether he will be able to weather the storm and regain the trust of his constituents.