article: LONDON, England (CNN) -- Move over Susan Boyle. A week after the Scottish woman became a global sensation following a barnstorming audition on "Britain's Got Talent," a 12-year-old Welsh boy with a Motown voice has been hailed for his "life-changing" performance on the TV show after earning a standing ovation from Simon Cowell. Jafargholi impressed the "Britain's Got Talent" judges with a rendition of "Who's Loving You." Shaheen Jafargholi's prospects looked bleak when the infamously hard to impress Cowell brought the audition to an abrupt halt just one verse into his rendition of "Valerie," the Zutons' song covered by Amy Winehouse. "You've got this really wrong," Cowell told him. "What do you sing apart from that?" Jafargholi instead offered to perform "Who's Loving You," written by Smokey Robinson and performed by a young Michael Jackson with the Jackson Five, bringing screams of delight from the audience as he launched into a note-perfect rendition that brought a beaming Cowell and fellow judges Piers Morgan and Amanda Holden to their feet. "This is how one song can change your life," Cowell told him. "This may be the start of something special for you young man."  Watch Shaheen Jafargholi perform on "Britain's Got Talent" » . Writing in his blog for the show, Morgan said Jafargholi had been the stand-out act of the show and tipped him as a possible challenger to Boyle for the TV talent show's £100,000 ($146,000) prize. "Once Simon got him to sing the right kind of song for his voice, he was sensational. Like a young Stevie Wonder," Morgan said. In an interview for the show, Jafargholi said he had been singing since he was two years old. "When I was a bit older my mum got me some singing lessons and my voice just got bigger and bigger," he said. "Hopefully this is going to be my big break." Last week's performance by Boyle, the 47-year-old with a Broadway voice who claimed to have never been kissed, brought the show global attention, with her version of the Les Miserables' tune "I Dreamed a Dream" gaining more than 32 million hits on YouTube as well as earning her a string of U.S. media appearances, including on CNN's Larry King Live. Jafargholi has some way to go to match Boyle's success. By Monday morning a YouTube link to his performance had been watched just 330,000 times. Who do you prefer? Susan Boyle or Shaheen Jafargholi? Sound Off below .
highlights: 12-year-old Welsh boy shines on "Britain's Got Talent" with Motown voice . Shaheen Jafargholi earned standing ovation from judge Simon Cowell . Cowell had earlier halted Jafargholi's audition and got him to change songs . Show has become a global hit following Susan Boyle's performance last week .
id: b09075f9cf84037c0d16ccb4562881bf5649b6f3
chatgpt: Shaheen Jafargholi, a 12-year-old Welsh boy, wowed the audience on "Britain's Got Talent" with his Motown voice. Jafargholi received a standing ovation from judge Simon Cowell, who had earlier halted his audition and asked him to switch songs. Despite the brief interruption, the young singer didn't let it stop him from delivering an impressive performance. The show has become a global hit following the viral sensation of Susan Boyle's performance last week. Boyle's audition captivated audiences around the world and put "Britain's Got Talent" in the headlines. Jafargholi, who hails from Swansea, sang "Who's Loving You" by the Jackson 5, showcasing his powerful and soulful voice. The audience was moved by the emotion and passion he poured into the song. Cowell, known for his tough criticism, was impressed by Jafargholi's performance and gave him a standing ovation, saying, "I thought that was absolutely fantastic." Jafargholi's journey on the show has not been without obstacles. During his first audition, Cowell stopped him mid-song, requesting that he switch to an upbeat track. Jafargholi obliged and impressed the judges with his ability to adapt and still deliver a great performance. Despite his young age, Jafargholi has been singing since the age of seven and has performed at various events across Wales. He has also appeared on the television show "Casualty" and played a young Michael Jackson in the West End musical, "Thriller Live." "Britain's Got Talent" has been a breeding ground for some of the world's biggest stars, with acts like Susan Boyle, Paul Potts, and Diversity all rising to international fame after their appearances on the show. Jafargholi's performance has already gained praise from music industry professionals, with some predicting that he could follow in the footsteps of previous contestants and become a household name. The Welsh youngster has certainly captured the hearts of the "Britain's Got Talent" audience, with his impressive vocals and easy charm. It remains to be seen whether he can go all the way in the competition, but for now, he has certainly made his mark on the show.