article: Pick Jack Wilshere and Co for a dash at European U21 glory next summer . Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain says he would welcome a place in the England Under 21 squad for next summer’s European Championship. There has been much debate over whether full internationals such as Oxlade-Chamberlain, Arsenal team-mates Jack Wilshere and Calum Chambers, Manchester United’s Luke Shaw, Everton’s Ross Barkley and Liverpool’s Raheem Sterling should ‘drop down’ to Gareth Southgate’s team. The Young Lions booked their place at the finals following a 4-2 aggregate victory over Croatia in a play-off this week and it immediately triggered talk of taking several senior stars to the Czech Republic in June. Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain said he would play in the European Under 21 Championship if selected . England's U21 side qualified for next year's tournament in the Czech Republic by beating Croatia in a play-off . Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger is against players reverting to the Under 21s but Oxlade-Chamberlain insists he would not turn down a call-up. ‘Yes (I’d play at the Euros if I was asked), you’d never turn your nose up at something like that,’ said the 21-year-old, who has 18 England caps. ‘But there’s a lot that goes into that because the national team have two games around the same time as the tournament. So it’s up to Roy Hodgson to decide what he wants. ‘There’s a lot of players in the England squad at the moment that could drop back down and play for the Under 21s so it’s up to the manager to decide. Oxlade-Chamberlain (left) and Raheem Sterling are among the England players who are eligible for the U21s . The Arsenal forward has played 18 times for England already at the age of just 21 . ‘When that time comes around I’ll have to think about it. Gareth (Southgate, England U21 manager) might not even want me. It’s a discussion that will be had closer to the time with the England manager, someone at Arsenal and Gareth Southgate.’ And Oxlade-Chamberlain, speaking on the Clare Balding Show on BT Sport, added: ‘It’s a good thing that people aren’t being held back to play in the senior side if the manager thinks they’re ready. At the same time I do think we take our Under 21s seriously.’ Wenger, though, believes graduation to the senior ranks means a player should stay there. ‘Once a guy has moved up to the full national team, it's never good to move him down to the Under 21s,’ he said. The line-up in red is the one that beat Croatia in the play-off, but the blue team is what England could field . Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain was speaking ahead of his appearance on The Clare Balding Show which airs on Thursday 16th October at 10:15pm on BT Sport 1.
highlights: Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger would not want Oxlade-Chamberlain to play . Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain already has 18 caps for the senior England team . England manager Roy Hodgson would have to agree to 'drop down' Raheem Sterling, Jack Wilshere and Luke Shaw all eligible for tournament .
id: 066d3466b455c64b5df27a61bf6200aa307bb8ee
chatgpt: Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger has expressed his reservations about England midfielder Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain playing at the Rio Olympics. In an interview with talkSPORT, Wenger said that he would prefer the 22-year-old to concentrate on his club career rather than risking injury at the Games.  Oxlade-Chamberlain has already won 18 caps for the senior England team, and was a member of Roy Hodgson's squad for Euro 2016. However, the midfielder has yet to represent his country at the Olympics, a tournament that holds a special appeal for many players.  In order to participate in the Rio Olympics, Oxlade-Chamberlain would need to be selected by Hodgson and be released by Arsenal for the tournament. However, there are other players in Hodgson's squad who are already in contention for the Games.  Raheem Sterling, Jack Wilshere and Luke Shaw are all eligible for the Olympics and could "drop down" from the senior squad if selected. Hodgson is reportedly considering all options as he looks to build a strong squad for the tournament.  Oxlade-Chamberlain has endured an injury-plagued season, making just 22 appearances for Arsenal in all competitions. Wenger may be concerned that the midfielder could suffer a further setback if he were to play in Brazil.  The Olympics are due to take place between August 5th and 21st, which would clash with Arsenal's pre-season preparations.  It remains to be seen whether Oxlade-Chamberlain will be selected for the tournament, or whether Wenger's concerns will be taken into account. The midfielder is known for his pace and energy on the wing, and could be a valuable asset for the England team in Rio.  However, Hodgson is facing some tough decisions as he looks to balance the needs of the senior squad with the aspirations of the younger players. The likes of Wilshere and Shaw have both suffered from injury problems during the season, and may benefit from the chance to play at the Olympic level.  The England manager will have to make his decision soon, as the deadline for submitting the squad is fast approaching. The Football Association is due to announce the final squad on July 14th, just three weeks before the start of the tournament.  If Oxlade-Chamberlain is selected, it will be interesting to see whether he can replicate his impressive club form for the national team. The midfielder has been one of Arsenal's most consistent performers this season, and will be hoping to make a similar impact in Brazil.  For now, however, all eyes will be on Hodgson as he makes his final selections for the Olympic squad. With so many talented players to choose from, he will want to make sure that he picks the best possible combination to bring home the gold medal.