article: By . Tom Kelly . PUBLISHED: . 20:16 EST, 29 December 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 20:17 EST, 29 December 2013 . For decades, they have  provided a lifeline for pensioners and low-income shoppers looking to pick up second-hand goods for a snip. But charity shops have now been accused of abandoning their traditional clientele by selling used items for hundreds of pounds. Many have effectively become mini-boutiques offering cast-off designer clothes and accessories, as well as high-end art and books, at prices beyond the means of most hard-pressed consumers. Cancer Research UK are charging £250 for a faux-fur coat and £200 for an Alpaca wool coat . Shoppers have complained that some of the second-hand goods on sale cost nearly the same as buying them brand new. The rising prices come amid fears that an increase in the number of charity shops is fuelling the decline of the British high street by forcing existing retailers out. The country now has 10,000 charity shops, which enjoy generous tax breaks not available to other shopkeepers. Many of the items on sale at the weekend, while not quite as expensive as they would be new, were still priced beyond the reach of most elderly or low-income customers. Goods available at Oxfam on London’s Marylebone High Street included a £140 dusty pink Hugo Boss skirt suit and £100 gold Orciani belt with a large embellished buckle. At Cancer Research UK in Hampstead, North London, a brown faux-fur jacket was going for £250. At an Oxfam store in Cambridge a signed print by painter Sir William Russell Flint was on sale for £249.99. Another of the charity’s shops in the city was charging £20 for a Nina Ricci perfume bottle – even though it was empty. The high prices prompted complaints from shoppers out looking for bargains. In Cambridge, retired teacher Giselle Harker, 75, said: ‘Charity shops are far too expensive now. Things are overpriced – especially in Oxfam. I find the Salvation Army is the only good charity shop now.’ Marsh Ryles, a 62-year-old quality manager from Cambridge, said: ‘You can’t get the bargains you used to be able to. ‘Now they’ll charge £25 for a pair of men’s Clarks shoes that have been worn. It is ridiculous.’ A recent thread on parenting site Mumsnet also complained about the soaring cost of charity shops. One person commented: ‘The problem is they’re doing themselves out of business. ‘I think that most people consider a reasonable price for a used item of clothing/books to be around a third of what it cost new. If they overcharge, things will remain unsold and the charity makes nothing.’ Despite rising prices, Oxfam’s network of nearly 700 shops has seen profits plunge by £17.6million in the last year amid hard times for all High Street stores. Ian Matthews, its head of retail, said: ‘All our shop managers have the flexibility to set their own prices, using their judgment and some guidance, to decide what prices and products will best suit customers in their location.’
highlights: Names such as Oxfam and Cancer Research UK selling expensive items . They have been accused of abandoning their traditional clientele . Many are now effectively mini boutiques selling designer items .
id: ba0cefad21b7c2db60f4a3e83e6f8d38bebf00e8
chatgpt: Charitable organizations, including Oxfam and Cancer Research UK, have come under fire for selling expensive items, with critics saying they have abandoned their traditional clientele in favor of catering to more affluent shoppers. Many of these charities have transformed their shops from traditional second-hand stores to mini-boutiques selling designer items. While some argue that the change in these charities' business models allows them to generate more revenue for their causes, others feel that it has come at the cost of helping those who need it most. A spokesperson for Oxfam, for example, stated that the organization's shift to selling more expensive items was a reflection of the changing retail landscape, where online and high street retailers have made it increasingly difficult for traditional charity shops to survive. According to data from the Charity Retail Association, the UK's charity retail sector was worth £732 million in 2017, with the average charity shop raising £12,000 per year. However, with the rise of online shopping and a changing consumer landscape, many of these shops have struggled to maintain their profitability. As a result, many charities have had to move away from their traditional model of selling second-hand goods to a more high-end approach that targets wealthier consumers. This shift has resulted in many of these shops being transformed into designer boutiques, with items like designer handbags priced at hundreds of pounds. While the move towards a more upscale model has contributed to an increase in profits for these charities, it has also created an environment in which the most vulnerable members of society are unable to afford the prices of these stores. This, in turn, has led to concerns that charities are now failing to cater to their most important clientele, who rely on the affordability of second-hand goods. Critics argue that charities should prioritize their original mission of helping those in need and ensure that their shops remain accessible to people of all income levels. They argue that by selling expensive items, charities may be contributing to the very societal inequalities they aim to fix. Charities have responded to this criticism by stating that their shift towards selling more high-end items is a necessary adaptation to changing retail environments. They argue that selling more expensive goods helps to generate increased profits, which can be reinvested in their charitable causes. These profits can be particularly important during economic downturns or times of crisis, where they may be the only source of support for those in need. In conclusion, the shift towards selling expensive items has allowed charities to adapt to the changing retail environment and generate more revenue for their causes. However, it is important that these organizations continue to prioritize their original mission of helping those in need and ensuring that their shops remain accessible to people of all income levels. Charities should carefully consider the potential social impact of their business model and strive to provide affordable options for all shoppers. This is particularly important in a society where income inequality is rapidly increasing, and where charities have the potential to play a significant role in supporting the most vulnerable members of society.