article: The office of a German newspaper that printed Charlie Hebdo cartoons was the target of an arson attack early this morning. Vandals threw rocks at the headquarters of the Hamburg Morgenpost (MOPO), which reprinted cartoons from the satirical magazine at the centre of the terrorist attacks in Paris last week. Two men who were 'behaving suspiciously' in the area have been arrested by police and German state security have begun an investigation. Scroll down for video . Destruction: Burnt and damaged files are seen in the courtyard of the German regional newspaper Hamburg Morgenpost's editorial office early this morning after an arson attack . Arson: Firefighters gather in the Hamburg Morgenpost courtyard after vandals threw rocks at the building . Inspection: A firefighter stands by a damaged window of German regional newspaper Hamburg Morgenpost . 'Smoke is still in the air': No one was in the building at the time and there were no reports of injuries . The newspaper said on their website that some of the files in the building had been burned after an incendiary device had been thrown into the cellar. No one was in the building at the time and there were no reports of injuries. The newspaper said early on Sunday that 'smoke is still in the air' from the attacks. But whether the arson attack was connected to the Charlie Hebdo cartoons was still under investigation, the paper added. Decision: It reprinted cartoons from the satirical magazine at the centre of the terrorist attacks in Paris . Fire engine: The newspaper said that whether the arson attack was connected to the Charlie Hebdo cartoons was still under investigation . Their website's top story is a report on the attack which took place in the early hours of this morning . On Saturday, the brothers who killed 12 people at the offices of satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo on Wednesday were finally killed. Amedy Coulibaly and co-conspirators Said and Cherif Kouachi died during simultaneous police assaults in a dramatic conclusion to France's deadliest terror attack since 1961. French interior minister Bernard Cazeneuve said a total of 1,350 military personnel and 2,000 police will be on duty at a rally today, which is expected to draw crowds of up to one million in Paris.
highlights: Vandals threw rocks at the headquarters of the Hamburg Morgenpost . They reprinted cartoons from the satirical magazine targeted in Paris . Two men 'behaving suspiciously' at time of attack have been arrested . 12 people were killed in attacks on the Charlie Hebdo offices last week .
id: 6bc63ae088c9b93b0e10b2224e2df20269161786
chatgpt: In a shocking incident that has sent ripples across Germany, the headquarters of the Hamburg Morgenpost were attacked by vandals who threw rocks at the building. The incident took place as Germany mourns the loss of 12 innocent lives in the recent Paris attacks on the offices of Charlie Hebdo. The Hamburg Morgenpost had reprinted the controversial cartoons of Mohammed that had initially been published by the French satirical magazine. These cartoons had caused widespread anger and uproar in some sections of Muslim communities across the world. The Hamburg Morgenpost’s decision to reprint the cartoons had been a bold move that had not gone down well with some sections of the society. The attack on the Hamburg Morgenpost comes as yet another reminder of how acts of terror often lead to a breakdown of civil society. It is feared that the incidents in Paris have only emboldened some individuals who wish to spread hatred and violence. This is perhaps why authorities in Hamburg are taking no chances and have arrested two men who were allegedly behaving suspiciously at the time of the attack. The Hamburg Morgenpost is a leading daily newspaper in Germany, and this attack on its headquarters has come as a shock to everyone, especially its employees. There have been condemnations from politicians, media organizations, and civil society groups across Germany, who have all unequivocally stated that such violent acts cannot be tolerated. It is worth noting that the Hamburg Morgenpost was not the only newspaper in Germany to have reprinted the controversial cartoons from Charlie Hebdo. A number of newspapers in the country, including the Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung, Berliner Zeitung and Suddeutsche Zeitung had also reprinted the cartoons in solidarity with the French journalists who had been killed in Paris. The attack on the Hamburg Morgenpost has been roundly denounced by all these newspapers as well. The German government has pledged to take all necessary measures to ensure the safety of the press in the country, and all those who stand for freedom of expression. This unfortunate incident also serves as a reminder of how fragile our societies can be. It is incumbent upon us all to work towards building societies that are tolerant, inclusive, and where freedom of expression is valued and protected. The Hamburg Morgenpost attack is a stark reminder that we need to be ever vigilant and that we must all work together to prevent such acts of terror from happening again.