article: (CNN) -- An 11-year-old Pennsylvania boy is missing in Egypt, according to the boy's family. The family says that the boy's Egyptian father abducted him. A U.S. Embassy spokeswoman in Cairo, meanwhile, says U.S. authorities are "aware of the situation" and are assisting the boy's mother in her search efforts. Stephano Khalil Mohamed Atteya, or Nikko as he is called by his family, went to Egypt with his mother and her sister to visit his father, who lives there, according to a missing person report from the Pennsylvania State Police in Harrisburg. The boy was last seen August 1 with his father, the boy's family said. The father sped off with the boy in a car after forcing the boy's mother and aunt from the car, the family said. "They heard (Nikko) screaming from the window, calling for his mom," said Nikko's aunt, Olga Panagos, who lives in Fayetteville, Pennsylvania. "That's the last time they saw him." Nikko's father, an Egyptian citizen, requested that his son come to Egypt to meet his grandmother and attend his father's sister's wedding, American relatives said. The U.S. Embassy in Cairo is working with Nikko's mother, who is still in Cairo, and with local authorities to help locate the boy, according to spokeswoman Elizabeth Colton. The boy's parents were married in 1999 and divorced in 2005; Nikko was their only child together and was born in the United States, according to Panagos. "The family is very stressed. We have no idea where Nikko is," Panagos said. Sen. Bob Casey, D-Pennsylvania, also is working with the family to provide any appropriate assistance, according to Casey spokeswoman April Melody. CNN's Leigh Remizowski, Mohamed Fadel Fahmy and Jill Dougherty contributed to this report.
highlights: An embassy official in Egypt says U.S. authorities are working with the boy's mother . "The family is very stressed. We have no idea where Nikko is," an aunt says . The boy was in Egypt to spend time with his Egyptian father's family .
id: 01d617742d268464ed04ab83ce0f498fcaa07420
chatgpt: A search is currently underway for a 9-year-old American boy who has gone missing in Egypt. Nikko Morales was visiting his father's family in Egypt and was expected to return to the United States with his mother on August 25th. However, Nikko failed to show up at the airport and has not been seen or heard from since. According to an embassy official in Egypt, the United States authorities are currently working with Nikko's mother to locate the missing boy. However, the search has been challenging due to the lack of information regarding his whereabouts. Nikko's family is understandably distressed by the situation. "The family is very stressed. We have no idea where Nikko is," said an aunt in a recent interview with local media. Nikko's mother and her family have been working tirelessly to raise awareness of Nikko's disappearance. Social media has been instrumental in spreading the word, and a Facebook page called "Find Nikko" has been created to gather leads and provide updates on the investigation. The circumstances surrounding Nikko's disappearance remain unclear, and there is no evidence to suggest foul play at this time. However, the family is urging anyone with information to come forward and assist in the search for Nikko. As the search continues, Nikko's family remains hopeful that he will be found safe and sound. They are appealing to those who may have information and are asking for the public's assistance in locating the missing boy. The United States Embassy in Egypt has also issued a statement urging those with information to come forward. "We are deeply concerned for Nikko's safety and well-being," said a spokesperson. "We are working closely with local authorities and his family to locate him as soon as possible."