article: A mom in North Dakota was so upset by her 18-year-old daughter’s recent behavior that she sold the girl’s tickets to see Katy Perry in concert next month as punishment. Cindy Bjerke of Fargo posted a short ad on the Fargo Moorhead Online Garage Sale Facebook page in order to discipline her daughter. Bjerke didn’t name her daughter but described her in unflattering terms as a ‘spoiled brat’ who ‘doesn't deserve these tickets’. Scroll down for video . Cindy Bjerke of Fargo, North Dakota, posted a short ad on the Fargo Moorhead Online Garage Sale Facebook page in order to discipline her daughter . The tickets were for the Dark Horses hit maker’s upcoming show in Fargo on August 23. Even though the tickets are worth $110, Bjerke willing accepted $90 for them. She needn’t have worried about getting rid of the tickets as they sold in under five minutes and her ‘spoiled brat’ message received over 200 likes in just an hour. Bjerke hasn't said specifically what her daughter did, but the way she has chosen to discipline the girl has caused some controversy. The mom’s punishment has been criticized as harsh by some,  who believe that the matter should have been handled privately rather than with a public shaming on Facebook. What a show! The Dark Horse singer is delighted crowds on her Prismatic World Tour with an array of bright outfits and different wigs . Bjerke says she has no regrets and that the majority of comments she has received have been overwhelming positive. ‘I . think a lot of parents are like me and feel they are being bullied over . how they should parent their own children,’ she told WDAZ8. The Facebook page where the ticket sale was posted is in fact a closed group, which people have to ask permission to join. The . post so only visible to the 17,000 members of the group and the page . administrator reportedly deleted it on the grounds that it distracting . from the purpose. The . American leg of Perry's Prismatic World Tour started last month in . North Carolina and last week she performed at the Barclay's Center in . Brooklyn. The U.S. leg ends in Oct before she goes on to visit Canada . and then Australia. The . tour has been winning rave reviews for the Teenage Dream singer. It . features a wide array of colorful costumes and wigs and a selection of . Perry’s hits old as well as new, including California Gurls, Wide Awake . and Part Of Me. The American leg of Perry's Prismatic World Tour started last month in North Carolina and last week she performed at the Barclay's Center in Brooklyn .
highlights: Cindy Bjerke of Fargo, North Dakota, was very upset at her daughter's recent behavior that she decided to sell her concert tickets . She posted a short ad on the Fargo Moorhead Online Garage Sale Facebook page in order to discipline her daughter . Bjerke didn't name her daughter but described her in unflattering terms as a 'spoiled brat' who 'doesn't deserve these tickets' The tickets sold in under five minutes and her message received over 200 likes in just an hour .
id: 8804e9f087b74e87e16944e82ccb38acf5d279a2
chatgpt: Fargo, North Dakota - A mother from Fargo has caused a stir over the weekend after she decided to teach her daughter a lesson by selling her concert tickets online. Cindy Bjerke took to Facebook to advertise her daughter’s concert tickets on the Fargo Moorhead Online Garage Sale Facebook page, stating that her daughter was a “spoiled brat” who did not deserve the tickets. The post quickly went viral and received over 200 likes within the first hour of being uploaded. The tickets were sold in just under five minutes, shocking many people on social media. Some people thought that Bjerke’s actions were too harsh, while others praised her for taking a stand against disrespectful behavior. Bjerke did not mention her daughter's name in the post, but described her in unflattering terms. She said that her daughter had been behaving badly and that the sale of the tickets was simply a way to discipline her. Many people took to social media to express their opinions about the incident, with some calling Bjerke a bad parent and others congratulating her for being a good parent. Some felt that Bjerke’s actions were too extreme, while others felt that it was a necessary lesson. Speaking to reporters, Bjerke said that she had done what she felt was best for her daughter. She said that her daughter was “spoiled” and that she needed to learn a lesson. Bjerke added that she hoped that her daughter would understand why she had sold the tickets and that it would help her to change her behavior. While some people were shocked by Bjerke’s actions, others thought that it was an excellent way to teach children the value of respect and discipline. A few people even shared their personal experiences about how they have dealt with disobedient kids in the past. “I think it's refreshing to see a parent disciplining their children in a creative way rather than just caving in to their demands,” said one social media user. “Cindy Bjerke is setting a good example for other parents to follow.” Others were less positive, calling out Bjerke for publicly shaming her daughter. They said that Bjerke should have handled the situation privately rather than taking it to social media to embarrass her daughter. Some people also thought that Bjerke was just doing it for the attention it would bring online. Despite the mixed reactions, Bjerke seemed unfazed by the criticism. She maintained that discipline was essential for children and that sometimes parents needed to take drastic measures to get the message across. “No one likes to discipline their kids, but sometimes it's necessary,” said Bjerke. “I hope that my daughter learns from this and that other parents will learn that discipline can be done in a creative and effective way.” Bjerke’s actions have certainly sparked a conversation online, with many parents weighing in on the debate about how to deal with disobedient kids. While opinions may be split, one thing is clear – Cindy Bjerke has caused quite a stir with her unique approach to parenting.