article: Google has been attacked by a prominent US attorney general who claimed the internet giant has 'no conscience'. Jim Hood, the attorney general of Mississippi, said that Google does not care about the online safety of its customers, has no regard for the damage it does and is the worst of any company he has dealt with in his 10 years in the job. Mr Hood's attack is the latest salvo fired from a growing alliance of organisations targeting an adversary they have codenamed 'Goliath'. The office of Jim Hood, the attorney general of Mississippi (pictured), vowed to continue fighting Google and claimed it put its profits ahead of its customers' safety . The attack by Mr Hood was part of a report in the New York Times which revealed the alliance of opponents who are lining up against Google. The Motion Picture Association of America has supposedly been lobbying lawmakers because they claim Google is not doing enough to take down copyrighted material. Travel website Expedia and computer systems giant Oracle have also attacked Google for its sharp business practices. Google's opponents have also claimed that it is failing to censor illegal sites from search results. Mr Hood has aggressively pursued Google and in October issued a subpoena asking for records related to stolen credit card numbers and controlled substances. But a letter he wrote to the company in November last year, released by an open records request, made clear he feels very strongly about the company. The internet giant, which is headquartered in Mountain View, California (pictured), is coming under pressure from an alliance of groups with varying motives . Mr Hood said: 'In my 10 years as attorney general, I have dealt with a lot of large corporate wrongdoers. 'I must say that yours is the first I have encountered to have no corporate conscience for the safety of its customers, the viability of its fellow corporates or the negative economic impact on the nation which has allowed your company to flourish.' In a statement Mr Hood's office said: 'Google has put their profits ahead of the safety of children and families and this office will continue to fight them with all the expertise at our disposal'. The MPAA, which is Hollywood's trade group, said that it was lobbying against Google to 'protect our members and their creative works'. Spokeswoman Kate Bedingfield said: 'When wrongdoing is taking place online, we work with and support appropriate law enforcement officials, including the attorneys general, as do many other industries.'
highlights: Attorney general blasts internet giant for  having 'no conscience' in letter . Jim Hood stated the company 'put its profits ahead of children's safety' Motion Picture Association of America has also begun lobbying against it . MPAA claims Google is not doing enough to remove copyright material .
id: 3b41ad69cf73c7af04b4e4170240b096ea058203
chatgpt: The Attorney General of Mississippi, Jim Hood, has publicly accused a major internet giant of possessing "no conscience" and putting its profits ahead of the safety of children. Hood wrote a letter to the company, which he did not name, in which he blasted its lack of action against the proliferation of illegal and harmful content on its platform. According to Hood, this company had failed to take adequate measures to ensure that children were not exposed to dangerous or illegal material, and had instead chosen to prioritize its own financial interests. The motion picture industry is not the only one that is troubled by the internet giant's policies. The Motion Picture Association of America (MPAA) has also begun to lobby against the company, accusing it of not doing enough to remove copyrighted material. The MPAA has argued that the company's reluctance to take any meaningful action against such material has allowed piracy to prosper. It is not just intellectual property issues that have put the company in hot water. The spread of harmful content such as misinformation, hate speech, and extremist propaganda has also raised concerns among advocates and policymakers. The company has come under scrutiny for its policy of allowing users to post and share content without effective safeguards to prevent the spread of dangerous material. Hood's letter is the latest salvo in an ongoing battle between regulators, activists, and tech giants over the role of internet platforms in modern society. With the internet playing an increasingly central role in the daily lives of people around the world, there are growing concerns about the way that these platforms operate, and the impact they can have on users. The MPAA's decision to lobby against the company is significant, as it represents a major escalation in the fight against piracy. In recent years, internet piracy has become a major problem for the film industry, costing billions of dollars in lost revenue each year. While the MPAA has previously focused on working with governments to enforce copyright laws, it appears to be taking a more aggressive stance against internet platforms that facilitate piracy. The company at the heart of these accusations has yet to publicly respond to Hood's letter or the MPAA's lobbying efforts. It remains to be seen whether the company will take further action to tackle the problems raised by Hood and others. However, as the internet continues to evolve and play an increasingly important role in society, it is likely that regulators and industry groups will continue to scrutinize the actions of companies operating in this space.