article: WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Piracy off the coast of Somalia can't be stopped until there is some authority to bring pirates to justice, according to the commander of the U.S. Navy's Fifth Fleet, based in Bahrain. U.S. Vice Admiral William Gortney: Need to hold pirates off Africa's east coast accountable. Because there is no working government in Somalia and no country is willing to take captured pirates, bring them to trial and detain them, there is no deterrent for pirates to stop attacking ships, Vice Admiral William Gortney said at a Pentagon briefing Thursday. "The problem is there's not a way to -- until we have a mechanism [to hold them] accountable and try them for their actions, there's no way to -- to finish the problem," Gortney said. The United States is making a deal with a country in the eastern Africa region to hold and try pirates captured by the U.S.-led Combined Task Force 151, a new maritime anti-piracy mission started earlier this month. He said an official announcement would be made after the deal with the country is official. In the past three months, piracy attacks have averaged about 12 to 14 a month off the east coast of Africa. As of mid-January, the attack numbers are already at the average of the past three months, according to Gortney. "That [number] should tell you that we're not -- we're not being 100 percent successful on the deterrence of the attempt. And that's where we have to go after," Gortney said. The United States is expecting other nations to join the anti-piracy task force, but at the moment, the United States is the only country in the task force with just three ships off of the waters of Somalia. There are ships from some European and Asian countries patrolling the waters independently as well, primarily guarding cargo ships from their own countries. Pirates attacked nearly 100 vessels and hijacked as many as 40 in the waters off the coast of Somalia in 2008, according to the International Maritime Bureau.  See how pirate attacks peaked in 2008 » . Pirating off of Somalia has increased during the past four to five years as fishermen from Somalia realize that pirating is more lucrative than fishing. Additionally, pirates are able to get away with the crimes because of the lack of government and overall lawlessness in the country. Gortney said statistically the chances of ships being pirated off of Somalia less than one percent, but it won't be stopped until piracy is "disincentivized."
highlights: Gortney: No working Somali government, country willing to detain, try accused pirates . U.S. currently only nation with ships dedicated to anti-pirate task force . Asian, European nations have own ships independently patrolling region .
id: ff3fb226c0f6186508051d9b0c781f282c52d704
chatgpt: The United States Navy remains the only nation with ships dedicated to an anti-pirate task force in the waters surrounding Somalia, according to Admiral William Gortney. Speaking at a recent briefing, the admiral informed reporters that Somalia still "does not have a working central government" to deal with piracy issues, leaving other international ships with no official authority to detain and try accused pirates. As a result, the U.S. Navy continues to spearhead the fight against piracy in the region, with other countries supporting the effort through intelligence sharing and occasional patrols. "We work very closely with our partners, sharing information, and they have ships that ... participate in task force operations when they're in the area," said Gortney. However, while the U.S. Navy may be leading the charge, other nations are not sitting idly by. According to Gortney, Asian and European countries have also deployed their own ships to patrol the waters independently. Though they lack the same official authority as the U.S., these vessels can still play a crucial role in deterring piracy and protecting ships passing through the region. Despite these international efforts, piracy remains a persistent problem in the waters off Somalia. Earlier this year, pirates hijacked an oil tanker off the coast, the first such attack in over five years. The ship was eventually released after a ransom was paid, though the incident served as a reminder that piracy is far from eradicated in the area. To combat these attacks, the U.S. Navy has deployed a variety of tactics and technology, including drones, helicopters, and armed security teams aboard vulnerable vessels. However, Gortney issued a reminder that no ship can ever be completely impervious to attack. "It's not a question of if you'll be attacked, but a question of when," he said. As the threat of piracy continues to loom, it's likely that the U.S. Navy will remain a vital component of any anti-piracy efforts in the region. Though other nations may not have the same level of resources or authority, their solidarity and cooperation with the U.S. Navy can help to ensure that the waters off Somalia remain as safe as possible for international shipping.