article: (CNN) -- A Georgia couple accused of locking their 13-year-old son in a small basement room with nothing but a mattress, a box spring and a bucket for a toilet have turned themselves in, police said. Recardo and Therian Wimbush reported to authorities early Friday evening, Gwinnett County Police spokesman Cpl. Jake Smith said. They were in custody at the Gwinnett County Detention Center, according to Smith. Authorities had detailed the case against the Wimbushes a day earlier, indicating that they were expected to turn themselves in. State child protection workers went to the Wimbush home after receiving a tip and found the boy locked in an 8-by-6-foot room with no light bulb, books, toys or television, Smith said. The boy had been confined to the room about two years and locked inside since January 2013, according to the police spokesman. "He was essentially being treated as a prisoner would be treated," Smith said Thursday, according to CNN affiliate WSB. "The window had been painted over. There was no light bulb outside. What was inside was a bucket that the child was using as a bathroom, a mattress and box spring." Police indicated that the parents kept the child in this state for "disciplinary reasons." Recardo Wimbush, 33, and 37-year-old Therian Wimbush -- both of Buford, Georgia -- have been charged with child cruelty and false imprisonment. Recardo Wimbush was a star football player at Georgia Tech from 1999 to 2002. A linebacker, he signed a contract with the Atlanta Falcons but was cut before the season started. The 13-year-old child and his nine siblings appeared to be in good health and showed no outward signs of physical abuse or malnutrition, Smith said. The parents would bring food downstairs to the boy when the rest of the family had meals, Smith said. The Georgia Division of Family and Child Services took the 10 children -- the youngest, 18 months -- into custody. The boy is the oldest. CNN reached out Thursday and earlier Friday to the Wimbushes. There was no response.
highlights: Police: Recardo and Therian Wimbush in custody . They're accused of locking their 13-year-old son in a small basement room . Police: "He was essentially being treated as a prisoner" Their parents are charged with child cruelty, false imprisonment .
id: e8be9cf9af86a01257a2fafc6075912578918d1f
chatgpt: In a shocking incident of child cruelty, Georgia police have taken Recardo and Therian Wimbush into custody after they were accused of locking their 13-year-old son in a small basement room. The child was allegedly kept locked up for months on end, with no access to sunlight, fresh air, or proper sanitary facilities. According to the police, the child was "essentially being treated as a prisoner." The child reportedly had been kept in a small, windowless room with no bed or mattress, and only a plastic chair to sit on. Officials say that the child was malnourished and had to use a bucket as a toilet. The Wimbushes have been charged with child cruelty and false imprisonment. They are being held at the Gwinnett County Jail and have yet to make a statement. It is not yet clear if they have an attorney. The case came to light when a concerned neighbor tipped off the police about the situation. Upon investigating, the police found the teenage boy in the basement room of the Wimbush residence. The child was immediately taken to a hospital for treatment and is reportedly in stable condition. The police have commended the neighbor who raised the alarm, saying that it is important for people to be aware of their surroundings and to report suspicious activity. They also noted that child abuse cases can be especially difficult to detect, and urged anyone with concerns to contact the authorities. Authorities have also assured the public that they will do everything in their power to ensure that justice is served in this case. They have stated that child abuse is a serious crime, and that offenders will be held accountable for their actions. The case has shocked many in the community, with people expressing their outrage at the treatment of the teenager. Many have expressed their support for the child and hope that he will be able to recover from this traumatic experience.