article: (CNN) -- There are few sports that are so dominated by a single person like the way the women's pole vault is ruled by 26-year Russian Yelena Isinbayeva. Eyes on the prize: Yelena Isinbayeva has often complained about a lack of real competition in her event. Every time the world and Olympic champion competes it is expected that she will spring to new heights and push women's pole-vaulting to new levels. She has broken the world record 16 times, almost equaling the feat of the great Sergey Bubka, who broke the men's outdoor pole vault record 17 times between 1984 and 1994. Since jumping to her first world record in 2003 and becoming the first woman to jump over 5-meters in 2005 she as also become something of a glamorous sporting celebrity. After setting five new world records in 2005, it took almost three years for her to set a new mark of 5.04m in July 2008, a fallow period that made her pursuit of world records a personal matter. After setting her world record mark in July this year at a competition in Monte Carlo, she told press: "I wanted to improve my personal best and that's what I did. I see this world record as a personal one." A driven and focused competitor, she has also become famous for her coolness under pressure. Before her latest world record jump she was driving around the track in the back of a vintage car with sprinter Asafa Powell, while her fellow competitors had already started the competition. Not shy of media and publicity, her sporting achievements, athleticism and looks have made her a pin-up for women's athletics and attracted a number of big-name sponsors. While her achievements can be allied to that of Bubka it has been noted that her media- and sponsor-friendly attitude makes her more akin to compatriot Maria Sharapova. Her celebrity status is a world away from her modest background. Born in Volgograd in 1982 it was only until a couple of years ago that she lived with her parents and younger sister in the city of her birth, before moving to Monte Carlo. She trained first of all as a gymnast until the age of 15 when her coach decided she was too tall. Commentators and fellow competitors have noted that her gymnastic training has helped give her an extra edge in the event. After defending her title in Beijing, her place in the sporting pantheon of great female athletes seems secure. While emulating Bubka, Isinbayeva has said before that closing the gap between the heights the men and women can jump is another of her personal challenges, and with her own talent and the help of Bubka's former coach she may go a long way towards achieving that.
highlights: World and Olympic pole vault champion Yelena Isinbayeva dominates her sport . Has broken the world record 15 times since 2003; first woman to clear 5m . Media-friendly looks and talent have made her very bankable sports start .
id: 6edce2b6f04c35b847dfc33ac0cdad095ce960a6
chatgpt: Yelena Isinbayeva has been a dominant force in the world of pole vaulting for over a decade. Not only is she a two-time Olympic gold medalist and three-time world champion, but she has broken the world record 15 times since 2003. Isinbayeva is not just a talented athlete, but her media-friendly looks and charisma have made her one of the most bankable sports stars in the world. Isinbayeva first burst onto the scene at the 2003 World Championships in Paris, where she became the first woman to clear 5 meters. This was just the beginning of her record-breaking career. She broke the world record for the first time in June 2004, vaulting 4.90 meters in Gateshead, England. She went on to break the world record three more times that year, including a jump of 5.05 meters in the Athens Olympics. Isinbayeva continued to dominate her sport for the next several years. She broke the world record two more times in 2005 and three times in 2006. In 2007, she broke the world record twice more, becoming the first woman to clear 5.04 meters. Isinbayeva faced some setbacks in the following years, including a controversial performance at the 2008 Olympics in Beijing, where she failed to clear her opening height and was knocked out of the competition. She also struggled with injury for much of 2009 and 2010, but still managed to break the world record three times in 2009. In 2012, Isinbayeva made a triumphant return to the Olympics, winning her second gold medal in London. She had not broken the world record since 2009, but still managed to dominate the competition, clearing a height of 4.75 meters on her first attempt. Isinbayeva's success on the track has made her one of the most bankable sports stars in the world. Her talent and media-friendly looks have attracted numerous endorsement deals, including contracts with Nike, Samsung, and Visa. She has also been a prominent figure in the advertising campaigns of several Russian companies. Off the track, Isinbayeva is also known for her charitable work. She is the founder of the Yelena Isinbayeva Foundation, which aims to promote athletics, healthy lifestyles, and the education of young people. She has also been a UN Goodwill Ambassador since 2011, working to promote greater access to education for girls. Despite her many achievements, Isinbayeva has faced criticism for her conservative views on social issues. In 2013, she sparked controversy when she spoke out against Russia's new anti-gay laws, saying that she supported the legislation. She later backtracked on her comments, but her remarks drew criticism from athletes, LGBT activists, and human rights groups. Overall, Yelena Isinbayeva is a legendary athlete who has dominated her sport for over a decade. Her record-breaking performances and media-friendly looks have made her one of the most bankable sports stars in the world, and her charitable work has earned her widespread acclaim. As she continues to push the boundaries of pole vaulting, she remains an inspiration to young athletes around the world.