article: (CNN) -- Ana Ivanovic won a battle of former French Open champions as she dispatched Russia's Svetlana Kuznetsova in straight sets at the WTA tournament in Rome Monday. Ivanovic claimed her only grand slam win at Roland Garros in 2008 and boosted her preparation for another tilt at the title in Paris later this month with a 6-4 6-3 victory. Windy conditions at the Foro Italico hindered both players during a 73-minute match, but it was Serbia's Ivanovic who adapted the better. "It was hard to play, especially on the service because of the strong gusts of wind," she told the official tournament website. "I'm achieving a good level thanks to the work I'm doing with my coach," she added. Ivanovic took all five of her break point opportunities against Kuznetsova, who succeeded her as French Open champion in 2009. Two breaks of service in the opener gave Ivanovic the advantage and she broke through three more times in a second set, including to love in the final game as she wrapped up victory. She faces either Alberta Brianti of Italy or Spaniard Silvia Soler in the second round and a potential last 16 clash against Russian star Maria Sharapova awaits the 13th seed. The joint ATP/WTA tournament has attracted a stellar field, with the men's event boasting the top four in the world, led by defending champion Novak Djokovic. He beat the 'king of clay' Rafael Nadal in the 2011 final, but both exited early at last week's Madrid Masters on the controversial blue surface. Roger Federer took advantage to leapfrog Nadal for second spot in the rankings with his 20th Masters Series title. But Nadal told the official tournament website that this did not concern him. "To be number two or three isn't going to change my game. "I am here in Rome and it is one of my favorite tournaments. I am motivated to play my best," he added. Women's world number one Victoria Azarenka will also be in action later in the week, coming off her final defeat in Madrid to a rejuvenated Serena Williams, who is also in the draw in Italy's premier tennis tournament.
highlights: Ana Ivanovic through to second round of Italian Open in Rome . Former No.1 Ivanovic beats Svetlana Kuznetsova in straight sets . Foro Italico hosts star-studded joint ATP/WTA tournament . Novak Djokovic and Victoria Azarenka head the respective fields .
id: ff6e09e1e5b5223e9b1c2a13618b26777afa1ba7
chatgpt: Ana Ivanovic, the former world number one player, is through to the second round of the Italian Open in Rome. The Serbian star defeated Svetlana Kuznetsova in straight sets, winning 6-4, 6-3. The match was held at the Foro Italico, which is currently hosting a joint ATP/WTA tournament, featuring some of the biggest names in the world of tennis. Novak Djokovic and Victoria Azarenka are among the headliners for the respective fields. Ivanovic's victory over Kuznetsova was a hard-fought battle, with both players displaying their skills and fighting spirit. The first set saw several breaks of serve, but it was Ivanovic who managed to take control towards the end, clinching the set 6-4. In the second set, Ivanovic broke Kuznetsova's serve in the first game and held on to her advantage throughout. Kuznetsova tried to mount a comeback, but Ivanovic was too strong, winning the set 6-3 and sealing her place in the second round. Ivanovic, who is currently ranked 141 in the world, has had a mixed season so far, with some promising results but also some disappointments. However, her performance in Rome suggests that she is finding her form and could be a contender for the title. The Italian Open is one of the biggest events in the tennis calendar, and the Foro Italico is a prestigious venue that has hosted some of the sport's greatest moments. This year's tournament is no exception, with a star-studded lineup that includes Djokovic and Azarenka, as well as other top players such as Rafael Nadal and Serena Williams. The event is a joint tournament between the ATP and WTA tours, bringing together male and female players in a celebration of the sport. It is a chance for fans to see some of their favorite players in action and witness some thrilling matches. As the action continues in Rome, fans will be eagerly watching to see who will emerge victorious in this highly competitive event. With Ivanovic through to the second round, there is sure to be plenty of excitement and drama in the days ahead.