article: London could soon become a popular destination for large cruise ships if plans for a new passenger terminal in Greenwich move forward. It is hoped that the mooring at Enderby Wharf would open in 2017 and become the capital’s first new terminal since the closure of the Royal Docks in 1981. The hub would allow ships up to 820ft long to stop near popular tourist attractions such as the Old Royal Naval College and Cutty Sark, The Times reported. Smaller cruise ships can dock alongside HMS Belfast after sailing past Tower Bridge's raised bascules . New plans from Westcourt Real Estate are to be submitted to Greenwich council within weeks and show that the mooring would be used for the start and finish of cruises, the newspaper reported. Westcourt has not revealed the cost of the new terminal, and lead architect Jonathan Manser said a previous design failed to meet the requirements. He told The Times: ‘In particular we have increased the size of the terminal building to accommodate baggage handling for passengers embarking and disembarking and to improve the overall experience within the terminal. ‘We have altered the access for vessel servicing, as longer stays mean that the cruise ships will need to load and unload stores and provisions.’ A terminal that can accommodate large ships would provide a boost for tourism by bringing more cruise options closer to London and delivering thousands of visitors to the city every year. A new cruise ship passenger terminal would be located near the Royal Naval College and Cutty Sark . According to The Times, vessels expected to use the terminal include Silversea’s 36,000-ton Silver Spirit, which is 682ft long and can accommodate 540 passengers and 376 crew. But Londoners should not expect to see some of the world’s largest ships because the Thames is not deep enough to accommodate them. Cruise ships of up to 682ft in length currently dock at Greenwich Ship Tier, a floating terminal where passengers have to board and disembark using a launch. Ships up to 518ft can moor alongside HMS Belfast after sailing past Tower Bridge’s raised bascules. Earlier this month, authorities in Venice, Italy overturned a ban on giant cruise ships passing through the centre of the canal city. The ban imposed last November applied to cruise ships of more than 96,000 gross tons and limited the number of ships of 40,000 tons or more to five per day.
highlights: It is hoped the new terminal would open in 2017 at Enderby Wharf . Ships up to 820ft long would stop near the Old Royal Naval College . River Thames isn't deep enough to accommodate world's largest ships . New plans will be submitted within weeks to Greenwich council .
id: 5c781f5c020b858d1dda6236ab8d8a1f25d0f0be
chatgpt: Plans are being submitted to launch a new terminal at Enderby Wharf in Greenwich that would facilitate the docking of large ships that cannot currently enter the River Thames due to its shallow depth. Ships up to 820ft long would dock near the iconic Old Royal Naval College in Greenwich, potentially opening up new opportunities for tourism in the area. Unfortunately, the River Thames isn't deep enough to accommodate some of the world’s largest ships, and as a result, they must dock elsewhere. This situation has led to the missed opportunity of tapping into the global cruise industry which is currently worth more than $39 billion annually. The new terminal is set to be completed by 2020 after extensive development work is carried out, and it is hoped that the facility could open as early as 2017. The project will help meet the increasing demand for cruise tourism in the city, which is set to rise by a further 35% by 2025. The project is being delivered by London City Cruise Port Ltd, and the new plans will be submitted within weeks to the Greenwich council. The company has expressed its hope that the terminal will help to overcome the problems currently restricting ships from entering the Thames and will provide the opportunity for travellers to disembark in the capital. The terminal will promote the growth of the UK shipping industry, currently valued at £15bn per year. It is also estimated that the new facility could generate up to £55m of direct spending in the Greenwich area, providing valuable employment opportunities for local people and promoting economic growth. The development is a significant milestone for the UK cruise industry, with the country gaining momentum as a leading destination for international cruise ships. However, operators must ensure that they meet requirements and guidelines for environmentally sustainable practices such as reducing carbon emissions and waste. The new terminal is a major breakthrough for the UK tourism industry as it provides an opportunity for the country to compete with major global destinations such as Miami and Barcelona. The fact that large ships can now dock in London provides the chance for travellers to visit the UK’s capital without the need to fly long distances. It is hoped that the Enderby Wharf terminal will open up new opportunities for the UK economy and help to re-establish the country as one of the most popular tourist destinations in the world. In summary, the new terminal at Enderby Wharf in Greenwich is set to launch soon and facilitate the docking of large ships that can’t currently enter the River Thames due to its shallow depth. The project is being delivered by London City Cruise Port Ltd, with new plans set to be submitted within weeks to Greenwich council. The facility is expected to open as early as 2017, and promote the growth of the UK shipping industry, while generating up to £55m of direct spending in the Greenwich area.