article: London, England (CNN) -- British Prime Minister Gordon Brown is denying allegations of "abusive behavior" and "volcanic eruptions of foul temper" ahead of the publication of a new book by a top British political journalist. The claims come in a book by Andrew Rawnsley of the Observer newspaper, which will be released March 1. The newspaper began running excerpts on Sunday. "These malicious allegations are totally without foundation," Brown's official spokesman said in a statement Saturday. The spokesman is traditionally not quoted by name. The Observer claimed that Brown's behavior upset staff at his office, 10 Downing Street, so much so that the head of the civil service launched an investigation and "ordered" the prime minister "to change his behavior." Britain has a professional civil service which runs the administration of the government, distinct from elected politicians. The Cabinet Office, a part of the civil service, issued a strongly-worded denial that Sir Gus O'Donnell had looked into Brown's behavior or warned him about it. "It is categorically not the case that the Cabinet secretary asked for an investigation of the (prime minister's) treatment of Number 10 staff," his office said in a statement. "These assertions have been put to the Cabinet secretary who has rejected them." Before the publication of the excerpts from the book, there were rumors it would allege that Brown had hit staffers, which he denied Saturday. "Let me just say, absolutely clearly, so that there is no misunderstanding about that: I have never, never hit anybody in my life," he said, according to a statement from his office. The book, "The End of the Party," apparently does not claim the prime minister hit people. Brown is required by law to call an election by June this year. The date has not yet been announced, but it is widely expected to be May 6, and the election campaign has already started. One of the top strategists in Brown's Labour Party, Peter Mandelson, declined to deny that Brown had a temper, but painted his personality as a virtue. "I don't think he so much bullies people as he's very demanding of people. He's demanding of himself, he's demanding of people around him," Mandelson said on the BBC's "Andrew Marr Show" on Sunday. "He does not like taking no for an answer.... there is a degree of impatience about the man, but what would you like? Some sort of shrinking violet at the helm of the government?" Mandelson asked. Mandelson laughed and dodged a question from Marr about whether Brown had ever hit him or shouted at him. But he said Rawnsley had a history of writing about events he had not witnessed. "He's a very good, colorful writer, but that's it," Mandelson said.
highlights: Brown accused of "abusive behavior", "volcanic eruptions of foul temper" Journalist claims Brown's behavior was investigated by a top civil servant . Brown "ordered to change his behavior," Andrew Rawnsley's book claims . Brown spokesman: "Malicious allegations are totally without foundation"
id: 0bec222e30302b8f0e34e8f90ed56197f26eb3a2
chatgpt: Former British Prime Minister, Gordon Brown, has been accused of "abusive behavior" and having "volcanic eruptions of foul temper" in a new book by journalist Andrew Rawnsley. The allegations claim that Brown's behavior was so severe that it was investigated by a top civil servant who reportedly ordered Brown to change his conduct. According to the book, the former Prime Minister would often shout and swear at his staff, and on one occasion, even physically assaulted a member of his staff. Rawnsley also alleges that Brown's outbursts were so intense that the Prime Minister even damaged furniture in his temper tantrums. Despite the damning allegations, a spokesman for Brown has vehemently denied the claims, stating that the "malicious allegations are totally without foundation". The spokesman went on to say that Brown had always been "passionate" about his work and that he expected high standards from those around him. However, the claims made in Rawnsley's book paint a different picture of Brown's behavior behind closed doors. The journalist claims that Brown's explosive temperament was so damaging that it had a detrimental effect on his staff, with many resigning due to the hostile environment. Rawnsley's book also alleges that the Prime Minister tried to cover up his behavior by insisting that the problem lay with his staff rather than himself. The book claims that Brown was so convinced of his own infallibility that he refused to take any responsibility for his actions, instead placing the blame on those around him. The revelations contained in the book are likely to damage Brown's reputation, especially given the context in which they have emerged. In recent years, there has been a growing awareness of toxic workplace cultures and the damaging impact that abusive behavior can have on employees. If the allegations are true, some may question whether Brown's time in office was as successful as it was once thought to be. Rawnsley's book sheds new light on a darker side of Brown's character, one that was hidden from public view during his time as Prime Minister. It remains to be seen how Brown will respond to the allegations, but it is clear that they have already caused a stir in political circles. The revelations serve as a stark reminder of the importance of workplace culture and the impact that abusive behavior can have on those around us.