article: By . Adam Shergold . PUBLISHED: . 11:42 EST, 18 November 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 11:42 EST, 18 November 2012 . Henry was meant to be a miniature pony - but he was getting bigger and bigger by the minute. The owners of the two-foot tall pony just couldn't figure out why he had become so bad-tempered, until they noticed his stomach was all bloated. It wasn't the result of eating too much hay, however, that was causing the problem, but Henry's strange habit of swallowing sand. Snacking on sand: Henry the 2ft high Shetland pony became ill after grazing on sand in an all-weather paddock . He had been left to exercise in an outdoor all-weather paddock and, it seemed, had taken to the taste of its grainy covering. Unfortunately, his new meal had blocked his large intestine and this was having an effect on his other organs. His owners and other horse-lovers rallied round to quickly raise £6,000 for life-saving treatment and Henry is now making a full recovery. Owner Caroline Howarth, from Coppull near Chorley, Lancashire, bought Henry when he was six months old for her eight-year-old daughter Madison. Escape artist: Henry, seen here with her eight-year-old owner Madison, needed emergency surgery to flush out the build-up of sand . 'As soon as I saw him I knew we had to have him,' Mrs Howarth said. 'But after a while we noticed his tummy was getting bigger and bigger. Day-in, day-out it just kept swelling. 'I thought he might need worming and I kept a firm control on his food intake. 'It did not stop and the vets took a blood sample which said his liver wasn't working properly. 'They gave him more tests and my horse insurance level of £1,000 ran out. 'We had to fund any future treatment ourselves.' Happy again: The miniature pony is now making a full recovery after the emergency treatment, which was paid for by local horse lovers . Fellow horse lovers at the Seven Stars Stables at Standish, where Henry lives, decided to raise money for treatment by going on a sponsored walk. Henry was taken to the Equine Hospital at the Leahurst Campus of the University of Liverpool, which specialises in rare illnesses and serious injuries to horses. Vets there decided to flush Henry's stomach and found a build up of sand was causing all the problems. They carried out surgery to save his life and placed him on a special diet as he recovers back to health. Mrs Howarth added: 'He is a cheeky little horse and at the horse hospital they had to put a notice on his stable saying he was an escape artist. 'He now has a special diet - but no sand!'
highlights: The tiny Shetland pony, who lives in Lancashire, had become bad tempered and his stomach was getting bigger and bigger . Vets discovered he had swallowed a load of sand while grazing on an all-weather paddock and this had blocked his large intestine . Henry is now making a full recovery after horse lovers raised money for a £6,000 emergency operation .
id: 86abb5c2d88bcfa9503d936588a29be3ed082dff
chatgpt: In a heartwarming story of hope and determination, a tiny Shetland pony named Henry has made a full recovery after undergoing a £6,000 emergency operation. The pony, who lives in Lancashire, had been suffering from bad temper and an increasingly swollen stomach. Thankfully, a team of vets were able to diagnose the problem: Henry had swallowed a load of sand while grazing on an all-weather paddock, which had become lodged in his large intestine. The blockage was causing the pony significant discomfort and endangering his health. Despite the high cost of the operation, a group of horse lovers rallied together to raise the necessary funds. Their love and devotion to the animal proved to be a powerful force, as they were able to generate the money needed to save Henry's life. Following the operation, Henry has made a complete recovery and is now back to his old self. The pony's owner, Emma Robinson, shared her pride in the horse-loving community, stating that the support they received was overwhelming. “We just can't thank everyone enough,” Robinson said. “We're overwhelmed by the support we've had from people who we never knew before this happened. The love and devotion they have for Henry has just been incredible.” For Emma Robinson and her family, Henry is much more than just a horse – he is a beloved family member. The fact that so many people were willing to come together to help him during his time of need is a testament to the power of community and the love that people have for animals. The operation was carried out by experienced vets who cared for the pony throughout his recovery. They praised the community for their unwavering support and emphasised how life-changing this operation has been for Henry. “Henry's operation was very complex and required a lot of skill.” Said one of the vets. “We were determined to save him, and with the help of the local community, we were able to do just that. We're thrilled that Henry has made such a full recovery.” For Henry, life is once again filled with joy and playfulness. The pony's bad temper and swollen stomach are now just distant memories. The love and care of his community, combined with the skills of dedicated veterinary professionals, saved Henry's life and restored him to his former self. This story is a shining example of the power of human kindness and the special bond between animals and their caretakers.