article: A dog trainer from Pennsylvania recreated the car from the Dumb Dumber movie starring Jim Carey and the late Chris Farley and later starring Jeff Daniels as his woofing new business vehicle and more customers have already begun biting. Matthew Kerr of St. Thomas wanted his new dog training business Matt's Mutts University to stand out so he created a personalized car based on the Mutt Cuts car from the 1994 comedy film Dumb and Dumber. He made his own versions called the Matt's Mutts car. Kerr describes how he made the quirky car in a brief video posted by Public Opinion on YouTube. SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO . The new Mutt Cuts car: Mathew Kerr, , certified dog trainer, created Matt's Mutts University mobile that resembles the car from the popular 1994 comedy Dumb and Dumber . The inspiration: Matthew Kerr was inspired by this car from the film Dumb and Dumber and later Dumb and and Dumber to starring Jeff Daniels as oppose to Chris Farley . Kerr says that he used six blankets to cover the vehicle which he simply pasted on with an adhesive. His wife then stitched the ears and filled them with insulation. 'The nose was ingenious,' he says as he explains how he used an aluminium turkey pan from the dollar store. He smoothed it down and later painted it black. 'Matt's Mutts University offers personalized dog training and behavior modification services. The services are provided in the client's home so that the pet is in its own environment, and there is an emphasis on educating the pet owner during the training process,' says a write up of the new business in Public Opinion. Kerr has 12 years of experience in dog training and started his business earlier this year. The Mutt Cuts car made a repeat appearance recently as well. It was nearly 20 years ago when fans were first introduced to intellectually challenged duo Lloyd Christmas and Harry Dunne. And now finally two decades later Jim Carrey and Jeff Daniels have returned to play the not-so-smart pair in Dumb And Dumber To. On Monday the comedic actors arrived to the Los Angeles premiere of their film in character, wearing shiny suit jackets and pulling up in the infamous Mutt Cuts car that even Matthew Kerr would have approved of. Woof you talking about?: Kerr said the inspiration for the spanking new business vehicle is loosely based on the Dumb and Dumber movie . Old car new tricks: Jim Carrey and Jeff Daniels goof around at the red carpet world premiere of 'Dumb and Dumber To' at the Regency Village Theatre with their Mutt Cuts car .
highlights: Matthew Kerr of St. Thomas wanted his new dog training business Matt's Mutt's University to stand out so he created a personalized car . Kerr's vehicle is based on the Mutt Cuts car from the 1994 comedy film Dumb and Dumber . 'The nose was ingenious,' he says as he explains how he used an aluminium turkey pan from the dollar store to add to the decoration .
id: 7de95b236b7c0e2013180cb7cd3b17c7e3d87fd2
chatgpt: A new dog training business in St. Thomas has caught the eye of many in the community thanks to its unique vehicle. Matthew Kerr, owner of Matt's Mutt's University, has created a personalized car inspired by the Mutt Cuts car from the 1994 comedy film Dumb and Dumber. Kerr's car features a bright orange paint job with blue and green accents, just like the iconic vehicle from the film. The car's most notable feature, however, is the dog-shaped nose that protrudes from the front. Kerr explains that the nose was crafted from an aluminium turkey pan that he found at the dollar store. "I wanted to create something that would really stand out and represent what we do at Matt's Mutt's University," Kerr said. "When I saw that turkey pan, I knew it was the perfect thing to make the nose of the car." In addition to the turkey pan nose, Kerr has adorned the car with other fun and quirky decorations. He has added a tail to the back of the car, and painted paw prints along the sides. Kerr says that he wanted the car to be a fun representation of his business, which focuses on positive reinforcement training for dogs. "The car is just a fun way to get people excited about what we do," Kerr said. "We use positive reinforcement to help dogs learn, and we want to show people that training can be a fun and enjoyable experience for both the dog and their owner." Kerr has been driving the car around town to advertise his new business, and says that the response has been overwhelmingly positive. "People honk and wave when they see the car," Kerr said. "They take pictures and post them on social media. It's been a really great way to get the word out about our business." Kerr's unique car has also caught the attention of local media outlets. He has been featured in several news articles and television segments, all highlighting his creative and innovative approach to advertising his business. As for the future of Matt's Mutt's University, Kerr says that he hopes to continue to grow and expand his business. He plans to offer a variety of training services, including obedience training, trick training, and even agility courses for dogs. "We want to be the go-to place for dog training in St. Thomas," Kerr said. "And with our fun and unique approach, we think we can really stand out in this market." For now, Kerr's Mutt Cuts car remains a beloved fixture in the community, and a symbol of the fun-loving and positive approach that Matt's Mutt's University brings to the world of dog training.