article: (CNN) -- Rescue workers scoured a widening swath of coastal Florida waters Wednesday for two people missing after a Mexico-based air ambulance crashed into the Atlantic Ocean off Fort Lauderdale. Coast Guard crews earlier recovered the bodies of two other people aboard the aircraft, but rescuers continue to hope that missing crew members survived and are clinging to life in the warm south Florida waters. The search will go on at least all day Wednesday, the Coast Guard said. "In these types of cases, we hope for the best and we search for as long as we can," Chief Petty Officer Ryan Doss told reporters Wednesday. Coast Guard crews, divers from the Broward County Sheriff's Office and other rescuers were involved in the search, which spanned up to 24 miles of Florida coastline from Fort Lauderdale to Boynton Beach, Doss said. Currents are carrying the debris north, he said. The Learjet 35 -- carrying a doctor, nurse and two pilots, all of them Mexican citizens -- crashed shortly after one of the pilots reported apparent engine failure shortly after takeoff Tuesday evening from Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport. The crew had just dropped a patient off at the airport and was returning to Mexico when the crash happened, airport spokesman Greg Meyer said. A distress call from one of the pilots came just moments after takeoff. "We have an engine failure," the pilot said. Medical helicopter crashes after taking patient to hospital . An air traffic controller asked him to turn left and keep a certain altitude. "Not possible," the pilot responded. "We're going to do a 180, and we're going to land." Seconds later, he said: "Mayday, mayday, mayday." Brian Rayner, an investigator for the NTSB said data indicated the plane climbed to about 2,000 feet before descending 1,000 feet. It then began to turn toward shore, Rayner said. He said that he had submitted requests for the plane's maintenance records and information about the pilots and their experience. The two medical staff members worked for Air Evac International, said Albert Carson, the company's director of operations. The pilots worked for a charter company. Authorities have not publicly identified the bodies pending notification of their families. "We're waiting on pins and needles ... waiting for more information," Carson said late Tuesday night. Air Evac International has several bases in Mexican cities that are popular with tourists, as well as in Costa Rica and San Diego. Carson said many of its patients are tourists. 3 killed in medical helicopter crash in Tennessee . Medical helicopter crash kills 1 . CNN's Dave Alsup and Janet DiGiacomo contributed to this report.
highlights: NEW: NTSB says flight climbed to 2,000 feet, descended then turned to shore . Search area is 24 square miles as currents carry debris north . The air ambulance had dropped off a patient in Florida and was headed back to Mexico . "We're waiting on pins and needles," an Air Evac International official says .
id: 18f4ed5c8b8f85b466db6e6ac3988a86a62cc80c
chatgpt: An air ambulance carrying a patient from Florida to Mexico has gone missing on its journey, with no sign of the craft yet having been found. The National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) has stated that the flight initially climbed to a height of 2,000 feet before rapidly descending and turning towards the shore. As of Monday, the search area was believed to span a total of 24 square miles with debris from the craft being held by currents and carried north. The air ambulance was operated by Air Evac International, who have expressed deep concern and worry about the missing aircraft. An official from the company has stated that they are "waiting on pins and needles" for any news of the missing crew and patient. The missing aircraft was last seen heading towards the Gulf of Mexico after dropping off its patient in Florida. According to sources, the air ambulance was carrying a pilot, flight paramedic and flight nurse in addition to the patient when it disappeared. Search and rescue teams have been dispatched to the area where the aircraft was last seen, however, the vast expanse of water has complicated the search operation. While early reports suggest that the flight was experiencing some kind of emergency, there is no information on what may have caused the aircraft to drop in altitude and ultimately disappear from radar. Air Evac International has issued a statement saying that the company is working closely with authorities and doing everything within their power to assist with the search effort. The company has requested that anyone with information on the whereabouts of the aircraft or its passengers come forward immediately. This tragic incident highlights the risks that many emergency medical personnel take every day. While these professionals are tasked with saving lives and providing critical care in a time of need, such work often requires flying into dangerous situations and inhospitable environments. Despite the risks, those who work in air ambulances are committed to their duty to serve and to provide life-saving care to those in need. As the search continues, the world is holding out hope for the safe return of the missing crew and patient.