article: By . Alex Gore . PUBLISHED: . 10:45 EST, 3 December 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 10:50 EST, 3 December 2012 . BBC staff have been complaining to bosses that they keep hurting their feet on new revolving doors at the Corporation's HQ. A string of complaints have been made by workers who keep injuring themselves as they go through the moving doors at the revamped Broadcasting House in London's West End. The complaints include one from BBC 'project technologist' Rob Pobjoy who says he hurts either his toes or heel depending on how fast he walks through the spinning entrance. Hazard: Staff have been complaining about the new revolving doors at the BBC's Broadcasting House HQ . Mr Pobjoy said: 'Most days on my way in and out of New Broadcasting House, I often find my heel being pushed by the revolving door. 'As far as I'm aware, I walk at a normal pace. Yet, it seems to me that if I attempt to keep pace, I seem to be going too fast, resulting in my toes kicking the door.' He added: 'It is my belief that the compartment is too small.' Another BBC worker, Ian Jolly, who works in the BBC's newsroom, said that despite 'going through doors all of his life', the revolving doors were 'over-engineered'. Writing in the BBC's internal Aerial magazine he said: 'I've been going through doors all my life. 'In fact, I'm pretty good at it, but I've clearly lost my touch now I'm working at Broadcasting House. 'I've been told my problem is that I 'go through the door too late'. 'Funny, as it's never been an issue before - could it be the BBC's over-engineered, electronic revolving doors that are at fault?' In a spin: Employees say they keep hitting their toes or heels on the electronic doors . One BBC worker, who asked not to be named, said: 'The revolving doors are a bit of a pain - they seem to have a mind of their own. 'However, as long as the Director General's job doesn't become a revolving door and we get a bit of stability after George [Entwistle] then everyone will be happy.' The revamped headquarters, which cost around £1bn to redesign, saw more than 6,000 staff from Audio and Music and News and Vision departments move in at the start of the year. Another employee said each compartment is 'just that little bit too small', and added: 'You have to time it perfectly to make sure you don’t come a cropper. 'When new members of staff come here they regularly comment on the doors being difficult to judge. After a while you learn to master the doors, but you shouldn’t have to really.' He said the problem appeared to be that staff 'misjudged' the speed of the doors, with some staff saying they go to fast and others saying they go to slow. He added: 'You hit your toes and if you try to hang back your heel takes the brunt.' The BBC declined to comment.
highlights: Employees at the revamped Broadcasting House in London have been hitting their toes and heels because compartments are 'too small'
id: 18f0af52794bbfa5ca733f7356e69d93fe061e29
chatgpt: Employees at the revamped Broadcasting House in London have been experiencing discomfort while walking down the corridors. Reason - the compartments have been designed too small, causing employees to hit their toes and heels. According to sources, Broadcasting House underwent extensive renovation work over the past few years, with a mammoth budget spent on making the building more modern and contemporary. However, it appears that the designers overlooked the size of the compartments while planning their renovation work. The BBC, the broadcasting corporation that owns Broadcasting House, has confirmed that complaints have been coming in from their employees over the past few weeks, regarding the discomfort caused by the small compartments. In response, BBC has promised to look into the matter and find a solution soon. Employees are particularly irked because they have to walk around the building frequently. Broadcasting House is one of the most iconic buildings in London, and it houses the BBC's broadcasting studios and offices. Employees, therefore, are always on the go, moving between different parts of the building to get their work done. One employee spoke to us anonymously and said, "It's been weeks since the refurbished Broadcasting House has been reopened, but I am still hitting my toes and heels every time I walk down the corridors. It's ridiculous and unsustainable." Another employee commented, "It's quite ironic that a building which houses broadcasting studios that are known for their attention to detail, did not pay attention to the design of the compartments." BBC has said that they will investigate the matter thoroughly and make the necessary changes. They have also assured employees that their safety and comfort are of utmost importance to them. The news of the small compartments has sparked a debate on social media, with many criticizing the designers for their oversight. Some have even suggested that public funds were wasted in carrying out the renovations. A spokesperson for the BBC has stated that the corporation recognizes the importance of its employees and that they will do everything possible to make the necessary changes. They have also said that the renovation work was carried out by an external contractor and that the BBC is not responsible for the design flaws. In conclusion, the improper sizing of compartments in the revamped Broadcasting House has caused discomfort among employees. BBC has assured its employees that they will investigate the matter thoroughly and make the necessary changes to provide a safer and more comfortable working environment. However, this incident raises concerns about the lack of attention to detail and accountability in large-scale renovation work.