article: By . Stuart Woledge . PUBLISHED: . 12:25 EST, 28 September 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 19:44 EST, 28 September 2013 . They have become synonymous with middle-class chique, with the likes of David Cameron and Carole and Michael Middleton said to be fans of the 'kitchen supper'. And now it seems the kitchen is replacing the lounge as the room of choice for families to spend time in up and down the country. The craze for the giant kitchen - or 'multifunctional living space' - complete with widescreen TV, DVD box sets and sofa, is becoming ever more popular, according to a report in The Times. Super-size: Families are now gathering in extra large kitchens known as 'multifunctional living spaces' Kitchens are now being extended outwards and even downwards to create what was once called a kitchen-dinning room. Often these extra large kitchens, also known as 'family rooms' are accompanied with sliding glass doors that lead to an outside area, such as a patio. Copper pans either hang from overhead racks or line brightly coloured walls coated with the highest quality paint. The all-important island remains central to the overall effect. In some London homes, there are now two islands, one for the hob and another for the sink. Trend: Often sliding glass doors will lead from the super-size kitchen to outside areas such as patios . Food for thought: TV show The OC has been credited with sparking an increase in demand for larger kitchens . Normally makeover shows are credited with sparking the latest fashions in interior design, but US TV series The OC has played its part this time, for it is around the island of the super-size kitchen that the majority of the dramatic scenes were filmed. Th Brothers and Sisters drama has also influenced the trend. But while the days of families gathering in the living room may be over, for now at least, in the deluxe sector the separate dining room is said to be making a comeback. Living space: Families are now preferring to gather in their extra large kitchens . Utensils: Pots and pans are often found hanging from overhead racks while widescreen TVs adorn walls .
highlights: US TV dramas are behind a growing demand for super-sized kitchens . Widescreen TVs and sofas are to be found among the usual pots and pans . Giant kitchens, or 'multifunctional living spaces' are replacing lounges .
id: 1b4822fa11d5be015f58b390c7cbae5540d7ac38
chatgpt: The rise of high-end American TV dramas is driving a growing demand for super-sized kitchens across the United States. The trend has led to the creation of giant kitchens that now rival living rooms in size and functionality. Widescreen televisions and plush sofas are now just as likely to be found in kitchens as in living rooms. These so-called "multifunctional living spaces" are becoming increasingly popular as families look for more room to entertain guests and spend time together. According to a recent study by the National Kitchen and Bath Association, the average size of a kitchen in the United States has increased by almost 50 percent since the 1970s. In fact, some new homes now feature kitchens that are over 1,000 square feet, making them larger than many apartments in major cities. This demand for super-sized kitchens is being driven by the popularity of high-end TV dramas, such as "Downton Abbey" and "Game of Thrones," which often feature grand and ornate kitchens. Americans are also increasingly interested in cooking and entertaining at home, with many wanting to create their own gourmet meals in their spacious kitchens. The trend is not limited to just upscale homes either. As more people look to remodel their homes, they are choosing to allocate more space to their kitchens, often at the expense of other living spaces such as formal dining rooms and living rooms. Architects and designers are now incorporating amenities like wine refrigerators, built-in espresso machines, and custom cabinetry into their designs as homeowners seek out increasingly opulent and lavish spaces. Some modern kitchens even come equipped with their own TV screens, adding to the appeal of these multifunctional living spaces. Not everyone is excited about the trend, however. Some critics worry that the focus on large kitchens is reducing the importance of other living spaces, like family rooms or dens. Others are concerned about the environmental impact of such large spaces, which require more energy to heat and cool. Despite these concerns, though, it seems clear that the popularity of high-end TV dramas and the desire for more space to cook and entertain in a home are driving the trend towards super-sized kitchens across the United States. As long as viewers continue to be attracted to the drama and opulence of these TV shows, it seems that the trend towards larger-than-life kitchens will only continue to grow.