article: By . Ellie Zolfagharifard . This contraption looks like something the Borg would use during a painful assimilation operation. But despite its terrifying appearance, these strange goggles have been designed to help astronauts see better in space. And it doesn’t need complicated cyborg technology to work – all that’s required is eyewash solution, a pump and a willing test subject. Esa astronaut Alexander Gerst tests the space eyewash goggles at Nasa¿s Johnson Space Center in Houston . The goggles have been designed to clear flecks of dust and other particles from an astronaut’s vision while on board the International Space Station. In zero gravity, all manner of substances could be found floating around in the air, from dust to chilli flakes and even sweat. If something gets into an astronaut’s eye, it’s difficult to get it out because rinsing it under running water is impossible. We are the Borg: The contraption has been likened to something Star Trek's the Borg (pictured) would use during a painful assimilation operation . When firefighters want to extinguish a blaze, they often douse it with water. Astronauts on board the ISS, however, are experimenting with a form of water that does the opposite.  Instead of stopping fire, this water helps start it. 'We call it ‘"supercritical water,"' said Mike Hicks of the Glenn Research Center in Ohio. 'And it has some interesting properties.' Water becomes supercritical when it compressed to a pressure of 217 atmospheres and heated above 373°C. Above that so-called critical point, ordinary H2O transforms into something that is neither solid, liquid, nor gas.  It's more of a 'liquid-like gas.' 'When supercritical water is mixed with organic material, a chemical reaction takes place—oxidation,' said Hicks. 'It's a form of burning without flames.' The ISS doesn’t have running tap water, and if it did, the stream would float away in expanding bubbles of silvery liquid. To combat the problem, engineers have come up with the space eye-wash googles, seen here on Esa astronaut Alexander Gerst at Nasa Johnson Space Center in Houston. The goggles are connected to a specially-formulated solution that is pumped around the eyes. Although the contraption might look painful, Gerst said: ‘It does not feel weird, but on the contrary it is good to know that we have these items onboard. This medical refresher course is getting Gerst ready for his Blue Dot mission that begins 28 May. Gerst will be leaving for space with cosmonaut Maxim Suraev and Nasa astronaut Reid Wiseman for a six-month expedition on the International Space Station. The geophysicist and volcanologist will become the third German to visit the ISS.
highlights: Goggles are connected to eyewash solution which is pumped around eyes . Engineers designed the device to help astronaut's wash irritating dust and particles from their eyes while onboard the International Space Station . The system is shown here being tested by Esa astronaut Alexander Gerst . Back to Mail Online home . Back to the page you came from .
id: 6db519f381fee3a37504b020cbb9197f56ed0ca8
chatgpt: Engineers at the European Space Agency (ESA) have developed a new device that connects goggles to an eyewash solution, which is pumped around an astronaut's eyes to help alleviate the discomfort of irritating dust and particles while onboard the International Space Station (ISS). The device was successfully tested by Alexander Gerst, an ESA astronaut and geophysicist, who wore the eyewash goggles during a recent space mission. Gerst reported that the device worked perfectly and was extremely helpful in keeping his eyes clean and comfortable while in space. The system works by using a small pump that circulates the eyewash solution through the goggles and around the eyes of the wearer. This helps to flush out any debris that may have accumulated and reduce any irritation or discomfort that the particles may have caused. In addition to being used on the ISS, the new device could also have practical applications here on Earth. It could be used by workers in industries where there is a high risk of eye injury, such as construction, mining or manufacturing. The device could also be used by people with conditions that cause dry or itchy eyes, providing them with a simple and effective way to soothe their symptoms. The development of this eyewash device is just one example of the many innovative technologies being developed by the ESA to support space exploration. The agency is committed to finding new ways to improve the safety, efficiency and comfort of astronauts while they work in space. “The development of this eyewash system is a great example of how technology can be used to support the health and well-being of astronauts in space,” said Jan Wörner, ESA Director General. “We are always looking for ways to improve the living conditions and working environment of our astronauts, and this new system is a great step forward.” The eyewash system was developed by a team of engineers at the ESA's Technology and Engineering Centre in Noordwijk, Netherlands. The team worked closely with astronauts to understand the specific challenges of maintaining eye health while in space, and to develop a solution that was both effective and easy to use. The success of the eyewash system is a testament to the ingenuity and resourcefulness of the engineers at the ESA, who are constantly pushing the boundaries of what is possible in space exploration. With their ongoing work and dedication, we can look forward to many more exciting innovations in the years to come.  In conclusion, the eyewash device developed by the European Space Agency is a significant innovation that could have a positive impact on the health and well-being of astronauts in space, as well as workers in industries where there is a high risk of eye injury. The device is simple to use, effective and shows how technology can be used to provide innovative solutions to a wide range of challenges.