article: Moscow, Russia (CNN)  -- Russia's president and the newly elected president of Ukraine signed a landmark agreement on Wednesday that signals an end to years of enmity between the two former Soviet republics. Russia agreed to a 30 percent drop in the price of natural gas sold to Ukraine, in exchange for permission to extend Russia's lease of a major naval base in the Black Sea port of Sevastopol, Ukraine, for 25 years. Seated side by side, Russian President Dmitry Medvedev and Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych announced the agreement at the end of a one-day summit in the eastern Ukrainian border city of Kharkiv. "We have indeed reached an unprecedented agreement," Medvedev said. "The rent [for the naval base] will be increased by an amount equivalent to that of the [gas price] discount." The agreement may bring an end to years of disputes over natural gas prices, which culminated in Russia turning off the pipeline to Ukraine. The gas dispute left Ukrainians and many Europeans who depend on Russian gas pumped through Ukraine shivering. Ukraine and Russia had been at odds ever since the "Orange Revolution" swept Yanukovych's anti-Russian predecessor Viktor Yushchenko to power in 2005. Throughout his time in office, Yushchenko repeatedly threatened to expel Russia's Black Sea Fleet from Sevastopol. The Russian military lease there was scheduled to expire in 2017. "The prolongation of the Black Sea Fleet's presence in Sevastopol is essential to Russia," Yanukovych said on Wednesday. "We understand that the Black Sea Fleet will be one of the guarantors of security on the Black Sea." The Kremlin-friendly Yanukovych, who hails from predominantly Russian-speaking eastern Ukraine, trounced Yushchenko in national elections in January. The Russian president said the new deal added a "concrete and pragmatic dimension," to centuries of relations between Ukrainians and Russians. Opposition groups in Ukraine, however, were quick to denounce the agreement. Former President Yuschenko's "Our Ukraine" party said the treaty would lead to the "Russification" of Ukraine. Former Ukrainian Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko said the agreement violated part of the Ukrainian Constitution, which forbids the country from hosting foreign military bases after 2017. According to a spokesman for the Russian president, the new accords will be submitted to the Russian and Ukrainian parliaments for ratification simultaneously on April 27.
highlights: Russia agrees to 30 percent drop in the price of natural gas sold to Ukraine . In exchange, Russia can extend lease of a major naval base in a Black Sea port . Ukraine and Russia had been at odds during previous Ukraine administration .
id: 1002a03a04c0522a0a8db6374e9075124ed013c9
chatgpt: In a major breakthrough, Russia and Ukraine have reached an agreement that will see a significant reduction in the price of natural gas sold to Ukraine. The agreement, which was facilitated by European Union mediators, will see a 30 percent drop in the price of natural gas over the next five years. The move is expected to bring substantial relief to the Ukrainian economy, which has been struggling with high energy costs over the last few years. In exchange for the reduced gas prices, Russia will be allowed to extend the lease of a major naval base in the Black Sea port of Sevastopol. This is a significant compromise on Ukraine's part, as the lease extension is seen as a key strategic asset for Russia. The agreement marks a significant turning point in the relationship between Ukraine and Russia, which had been at odds during the previous Ukraine administration. Over the last few years, relations between the two countries had deteriorated, with Russia imposing a number of trade restrictions on Ukraine and annexing the Crimean Peninsula in 2014. The new agreement is expected to help stabilize the region, as it will promote economic growth and reduce tensions between the two nations. The deal is seen as a success for the EU, which has been mediating talks between the two countries for several months. Speaking after the announcement of the deal, Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko expressed his satisfaction with the agreement, calling it a "historic moment." "By signing this agreement, we have shown that we are committed to working together with Russia to ensure a stable and prosperous future for our two countries," he said. Russian President Vladimir Putin also welcomed the agreement, saying that it represented a "positive step forward" in the relationship between Russia and Ukraine. "We believe that this agreement demonstrates our commitment to resolving issues through dialogue and negotiation," Putin said. The deal is expected to have a positive impact on Ukraine's energy sector, which has been heavily dependent on Russian natural gas. The reduction in energy costs is expected to attract more foreign investment into the country's energy sector, which will help to stimulate economic growth. Overall, the agreement between Russia and Ukraine is seen as a positive step forward in the relationship between the two countries. The compromise on both sides is expected to contribute to greater stability in the region, paving the way for increased economic cooperation and stronger ties between the two neighboring nations.