article: New York (CNN) -- The parents of a murder victim are suing Facebook after a paramedic pleaded guilty to photographing their daughter's corpse and posting the image to the social networking site, according to court documents. Caroline Wimmer, 26, was found by her parents, Ronald and Martha, after she was strangled with a hair-dryer cord in March 2009 in Staten Island, New York. Paramedic Mark Musarella -- who responded to their corresponding emergency call -- later pleaded guilty to disorderly conduct after posting to Facebook the photographs he took, the documents said. "All I want is my daughter's picture back," Martha Wimmer told CNN. "I want it destroyed," noting that the image is no longer posted on the site. The couple is suing Facebook in an effort to force the company to turn over the image, identify who may have downloaded the photograph and prevent the image from being further disseminated, according to the couple's attorney Ravi Batra. They "would like to move on," Batra said, adding that "it's very tough to heal when you know there are sick people out in the world look at their dead daughter's image." But the social networking site could be protected by the 1996 Communications Decency Act, which says "no provider or user of an interactive computer service shall be treated as the publisher or speaker of any information provided by another information content provider." Facebook spokesman Andrew Noyes said, "The case is without merit." "We will fight it vigorously," he added. The parents are also suing their daughter's convicted murderer, Calvin Lawson, paramedic Musarella, the city of New York and Greenleaf Arms Incorporated -- the company that owns the apartment building where Wimmer's body was found. The pair are also suing Fire Commissioner Salvatore J. Cassano and Richmond University Medical Center, where Musarella had been employed. "This lawsuit assumes traditional defendants as well as nontraditional defendants, including the City of New York and Facebook, that are unique to this case arising out of cybercrime," Batra said. Connie Pankratz, a spokeswoman for the city's law department, called the situation "tragic." "We extend our sympathy to the family," she said. Pankratz said the city has "not yet received the legal papers, but will review them thoroughly upon receipt." Meanwhile, Musarella has forfeited his EMT certification and was ordered to 200 hours of community service. The image was discovered by an acquaintance of Musarella, who alerted Richmond University Medical Center, according to Batra. Wimmer's murderer, Lawson, is serving 25 years-to-life. Martha Wimmer said Tuesday that she is traveling to the state capitol in support of pending legislation that would enact harsher penalties for a public worker who broadcasts or publishes an image of a crime scene outside their official duties. The law would raise the offense to a Class E felony.
highlights: Parents sue Facebook in an effort to compel the company to turn over the image . A Facebook spokesman said, "The case is without merit" EMT took, posted photos of murdered woman .
id: 0f50cec116b583d0fc58993de652ef57725add64
chatgpt: In a shocking turn of events, parents of a murdered woman have sued Facebook in an effort to compel the company to turn over an image that was taken by an emergency medical technician (EMT) and subsequently posted on the social media platform. The image in question shows the woman's lifeless body, and it was taken by the EMT who responded to the scene of the crime. The EMT then posted the image on Facebook, where it was shared and viewed by numerous people, including the woman's parents. The parents are now suing Facebook to obtain the image, which they say is crucial to the investigation into their daughter's murder. They argue that Facebook has a responsibility to turn over the image, and that the company's refusal to do so is hindering the investigation. A spokesman for Facebook has responded to the lawsuit, saying that it is without merit. The company has a policy of not allowing any graphic or violent content on its platform, and the spokesman stated that the image in question was quickly removed once it was reported to Facebook. However, the parents argue that Facebook should have done more to prevent the image from being posted in the first place. They say that the company has a responsibility to monitor its platform for such content and to ensure that it is not circulated online. The lawsuit raises important questions about the responsibility of social media companies in cases like this. While Facebook has policies in place to prevent the sharing of violent or graphic content, it is clear that these policies are not foolproof. In cases like this, where sensitive and potentially damaging information is being shared online, it is important for the company to take all possible steps to prevent the content from becoming public. The case also highlights the difficulties that families can face when trying to obtain information in cases of violent crime. While law enforcement agencies may have access to certain information, such as crime scene photos, these images may not be made available to family members or the public. This can create a sense of frustration and helplessness for families who feel that they are not getting the answers they need. At the heart of this lawsuit is the desire of the parents to obtain justice for their daughter. While Facebook may argue that the case is without merit, it is clear that this issue is far from settled. As social media continues to play an increasingly important role in our lives, it is essential that companies like Facebook take all possible steps to protect the privacy and dignity of individuals who have been affected by violence or other traumatic events.