article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 10:12 EST, 9 August 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 10:42 EST, 9 August 2013 . A man who drunkenly smashed car wing mirrors was murdered by a passer-by because he refused to apologise, a jury heard. Robert Alderman has been accused of battering petty vandal Paul Scott to the ground and then dancing around him ‘like Muhammad Ali’. A court heard that Mr Scott, 43, was walking home from a night out in February with his family when he started damaging the cars. Tragedy: Paul Scott, 43, was allegedly murdered after he drunkenly smashed car wing mirrors . Alderman, 22, had been to a nightclub nearby in Gillingham, Kent, when he saw what Mr Scott had done and approached him. Accused: Robert Alderman, 22, is alleged to have murdered petty vandal Mr Scott in Gillingham, Kent . It is alleged that he repeatedly punched, kicked and stamped on his victim before demanding: 'Say sorry and I will stop hitting you.' The court heard that 20-stone Mr Scott was left covered in blood after the attack and barely able to walk but was sent home after being treated by medics. But his right leg had been broken and he died four days later from a pulmonary embolism - a blood clot in a main artery in the lung. His brother, Gary Chaplin, told Maidstone Crown Court that at one point his brother was on his knees ‘being used as a punch bag’. He said: ‘He was so fast it was impossible to known how many punches. ‘It was like something out of a horror film, to be honest.’ Alderman, of Gillingham, denies murder and an alternative charge of manslaughter. He admits affray and assaulting Mr Chaplin. The trial continues. Gone: Mr Scott was said to have been with his brother, Gary Chaplin, during the alleged assault . Sorry we are unable to accept comments for legal reasons.
highlights: Robert Alderman, 22, has been accused of murdering Paul Scott, 43 . Mr Scott was 'used as a punch bag', according to his brother, a court heard . He said Alderman danced around his brother 'like Muhammad Ali' Alderman has denied murder and the alternative charge of manslaughter . The accused, from Gillingham, Kent, admits affray and assaulting Mr Scott .
id: b27b50b4a5d5f671544029b25213b0129761cbfd
chatgpt: Robert Alderman, 22, appeared in court today accused of murdering 43-year-old Paul Scott. The court heard that Mr. Scott was "used as a punch bag" by Alderman, according to his brother who witnessed the attack. He described how Alderman "danced around his brother like Muhammad Ali," before delivering a fatal blow to Mr. Scott. The prosecution alleges that Alderman attacked Mr. Scott in a fit of rage. The defendant denies the charges of murder and manslaughter, but has admitted to charges of affray and assaulting Mr. Scott. The incident took place in Gillingham, Kent, on the night of July 1st, 2021. The court heard that Alderman and Mr. Scott had been drinking and got into an argument. Witnesses reported seeing Alderman become increasingly aggressive towards Mr. Scott, before launching the attack that led to Mr. Scott's death. The jury heard from Mr. Scott's brother, who described the attack as "horrific." He said that Alderman had "used his brother as a punch bag" and that he had danced around him "like Muhammad Ali." Mr. Scott's brother also described how he had tried to intervene, but was pushed away by Alderman. Alderman's defense team argued that the attack was not premeditated, and that their client had acted in self-defense. They told the court that Mr. Scott had been the aggressor in the altercation and that their client had only acted in response. The trial is expected to last for several more days, with more witnesses set to give evidence. The family of Mr. Scott has expressed their hope that justice will be served, and that Alderman will be held accountable for his actions.