article: Nicole Dufault, 34, is charged with the sexual of three male students . A New Jersey high school teacher has been arrested on accusations of sexually assaulting three 15-year-old boys in her car and at the school where she taught. Mother-of-two Nicole Dufault, 34, is charged with several counts of aggravated sexual assault and endangering the welfare of a child, NJ.com reported. Prosecutors in Essex County say that Dufault, who taught language arts at Columbia High School for nine years, assaulted the boys during the regular academic year and summer school between 2013-2014. The encounters allegedly took place in the teacher's car and the school's campus in Maplewood, New Jersey, and included oral sex and intercourse, authorities charge. Dufault's two minor children have been removed from her custody. 'I don't understand how someone can't pick up the clues for something like that or how any one of those kids would not have said something before now,' parent Jennifer Berkeley told WABC.  'It's really surprising to me.' 'They do background checks on the teachers, so I don’t understand,' another Columbia HS parent told CBS New York. Dufault was arrested at her home on Wedneday. One neighbor, who's known the teacher for six years, was shocked to hear about the allegations. 'Seemed like a, you know, just an average mom going to work,' Maureen Messina told CBS New York. 'Not only did she destroy her life and her children, but the boys who are involved as well,' the neighbor added. Dufault is being held at the Essex County Jail in lieu of $500,000 bail. Dufault has been a language arts teacher for nine years at Columbia High School (pictured)( in Maplewood, New Jersey. Prosecutors say some of the assaults happened in her car and on school property .
highlights: Nicole Dufault, 34, is charged with aggravated sexual assault and endangering the welfare of a child . The mother of two is accused of assaulting three 15-year-old boys at Columbia HS in Maplewood, New Jersey . Dufault, a mother of two, allegedly assaulted the boys at her car and on school property .
id: 08d5f0581bd3f7196c90036e40f615c43c97eec5
chatgpt: Nicole Dufault, a 34-year-old mother of two, is facing serious criminal charges following accusations she sexually assaulted three 15-year-old boys at Columbia HS in Maplewood, New Jersey. She has been charged with aggravated sexual assault and endangering the welfare of a child. According to reports, the assaults allegedly took place both in Dufault's car and on school property. The incidents are believed to have taken place over a period of several months. The boys involved in the alleged assaults were all students at Columbia HS at the time, and their identities have not been publicly released. Dufault was arrested following an investigation by local law enforcement officials. The investigation began after one of the boys involved approached school officials and reported the alleged assault. Authorities have not released information on what led up to the allegations, or how the assaults occurred. The charges against Dufault are extremely serious. Aggravated sexual assault is a first-degree felony in New Jersey, and carries a potential sentence of 10 to 20 years in prison. Endangering the welfare of a child is also a serious charge, and can result in a prison sentence of up to 10 years. Dufault has not yet entered a plea in the case. She is currently being held in jail on $500,000 bail. It is unclear at this time whether she has hired an attorney to represent her in the case. The allegations against Dufault have shocked the Maplewood community, where many residents have expressed disbelief that a mother of two could be accused of such a heinous crime. Columbia HS has released a statement saying they are cooperating with law enforcement officials in the investigation, and are working to provide counseling and support to any students who may have been affected by the allegations. The case against Dufault is still in the early stages, and many details have yet to be released to the public. However, the seriousness of the charges she is facing underscores the importance of addressing and preventing sexual assault in all communities.