article: Members of the Aboriginal Tent Embassy say they will have to be forcibly removed from the site of a multi-million dollar redevelopment after receiving an eviction notice on Friday. The 'peaceful protest' was established in response to the commercial development of an area of land called 'The Block' in Redfern, Sydney, which protesters claim to be Indigenous land. The eviction notice was issued by the Aboriginal Housing Corporation, accusing the protesters of trespassing on land pigeon-holed for a retail and commercial redevelopment since last year. Protest: Aboriginal community members are accused of trespassing in long standing feud with the Aboriginal Housing Corporation who have issued a notice of eviction to remove them from redevelopment site . The eviction notice issued by Mick Mundine to protesters on Friday giving 48 hours to leave or risk being forcibly removed . The Pemulwuy project has been approved for commercial and retail redevelopment of the site. It consists of student accommodation for 154 people, a childcare space for 60, a gymnasium, a gallery and affordable social housing for Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander families. Many protesters, such as the embassy's founder Jenny Munro, say the land is being stripped from the indigenous community in an effort to push Aboriginal people out of Redfern. 'The development of commercial and student housing does not assist the housing needs of our people in any way, shape or form,' Munro told Daily Mail Australia. Not giving up: Jenny Munro, a 59-year-old Wiradjuri woman, set up the tent embassy with community members in Redfern on May 26 2014 . Not happy: Although the group has been promised affordable housing for aboriginal families, protesters believe the site won't benefit the wider indigenous community . Jenny says a scheduled meeting for Tuesday was cancelled by the Aboriginal Housing Corporation due to to heavy media presence. She welcomes the eviction challenge saying their 'peaceful protest' will not be going anywhere. ‘They will have to move us physically,’ she said in a statement. Mick Mundine, chief executive officer of the Aboriginal Housing Company, says the land is private and as long as they are occupying it, it’s simply trespassing. Controversy: Chief Executive Officer if the Aboriginal Housing Company Mick Mundine (pictured left) with police as indigenous community members band around a fire at the Redfern site (pictured right) Flyers posted in the Redfern area attacking Aboriginal Housing Company CEO Mick Mundine for his role in the redevelopment . Mr Mundine, who leads the push for the Embassy's removal, says the development will improve social conditions and ensure ‘Aboriginal people enjoy the same standard of living as all other Australians.’ Protesters are doubtful of their future inclusion as developers had previously advertised that Aborigines had moved out of the suburb as well as stipulations that housing will not to be offered to those with a criminal history. This means many socially disadvantaged members of the aboriginal community would be excluded from the redevelopment.
highlights: Aboriginal protesters claim site in Redfern, Sydney, is Indigenous land . Developers want to build student flats and affordable housing on the site . Aboriginal families say the plans do not benefit the community . Protesters have held up development of site for nearly a year . New eviction notice accuses them of trespassing on private land . 'They will have to move us physically,' says Aboriginal Tent Embassy .
id: 1e829068738377417999186214de9d000ba999c6
chatgpt: Aboriginal protesters have been occupying a site in Redfern, Sydney, for nearly a year, claiming it is Indigenous land and opposing developers' plans to build student flats and affordable housing on the site. The protesters, who are mostly Aboriginal families, argue that the proposed development does not benefit the community and would only benefit the developers. The site, located at 3-11 Lachlan Street in Redfern, has been the subject of a long-standing dispute between the Aboriginal community and the developers. The protesters have been camping on the site since August last year, holding up the development plans and preventing the developers from carrying out any work. Now, the developers have issued an eviction notice against the protesters, accusing them of trespassing on private land. However, the protesters have refused to leave, saying they will only do so if their demands are met. "They will have to move us physically. We won't leave until our voices are heard," said a spokesperson for the Aboriginal Tent Embassy, which is supporting the protest. The protesters claim that the site has significant cultural and historical significance to the Aboriginal community and that any development on the land would be disrespectful and damaging to their culture. They also argue that the proposed development would not provide any benefits to the local community and instead would only benefit the developers. The developers, on the other hand, say that the proposed development would provide much-needed student accommodation and affordable housing in the area, which is experiencing a shortage of affordable homes. "We understand that there are concerns about the proposed development, but we believe it will provide much-needed housing for students and families in the area," said a spokesperson for the developers. The Aboriginal Tent Embassy has called on the New South Wales government to intervene and protect the site, arguing that it should be given protected status as an Indigenous heritage site. "We are calling on the government to recognize the cultural and historical significance of this site and grant it protected status. This would ensure that it is not subject to development and can be preserved for future generations," said the spokesperson. The dispute over the Redfern site is part of a wider debate around the rights of Indigenous Australians and their claims to land and property. The protest has attracted support from Indigenous activists and communities across Australia, who see it as a symbol of their struggle for recognition and equality. The developers have not yet indicated when they plan to take action to remove the protesters from the site, but tensions are expected to remain high until the dispute is resolved. The protesters have vowed to continue their occupation of the site and to fight for their rights and the protection of Indigenous heritage.