article: By . David Kent . An excellent strike from Bojan Krkic wasn't enough for Stoke as the Potters continued their search for a first pre-season victory following a 2-1 defeat by Schalke. The Potters had taken the lead in the 55th minute through Bojan - his first goal since his recent arrival from Barcelona. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Bojan Krkic score first Stoke goal since joining from Barcelona . Boys from Barca: Bojan Krkic celebrates his first Stoke goal with former Barcelona team-mate Marc Muniesa . Arm round the shoulder: Stoke boss Mark Hughes comforts Marko Arnautovic during the 2-1 defeat by Schalke . Stoke: Begovic (Butland), Wilson (Muniesa), Shawcross, Huth (Teixeira), Pieters, Bojan (Crouch), Whelan (Palacios), Ireland, Nzonzi, Arnautovic, Diouf (Adam). Subs not used: Shotton, Ness, Shea. Goal: Bojan 55 . Schalke starting XI: Fahrmann, Ayhan, Santana, Matip, Fuchs, Aogo, Neustadter, Meyer, Sam, Barnetta, Chuopo-Moting. Goals: Matip 58, Barnetta 85. But Schalke soon hit back as goals from . Joel Matip three minutes later and a Tranquillo Barnetta strike five . minutes from time helped turn the game around in the Bundesliga side's . favour. The Potters were also left to reflect on missed chances with Marko Arnautovic seeing his first-half penalty, which he won after being brought down, saved. Marc Wilson was also forced off injured in the first half joining Wilkinson and Bardsley in nursing niggles at the right back position. Stoke's latest defeat in Germany follows a 2-0 loss by 1860 Munich as well as a 1-1 draw with Borussia Monchengladbach. Despite failing to win any of their three pre-season games in the country, Potters fans will take positives from Bojan's contribution after a precise strike gave Mark Hughes' side the lead at the Kufstein Arena. The former Barcelona forward showed neat skill to beat his marker from the edge of the box, before quickly firing a snap shot past the stranded Schalke keeper 10 minutes after the break. A Matip header saw Schalke quickly hit back and after Bojan departed in favour of Peter Crouch, the Potters soon began to tire. Tussle: Stoke's Steven N'Zonzi battles for the ball with Schalke's Marcel Sobottka . Scenic: Stoke's pre-season friendly with Schalke came from the Kufstein Arena . A build up of Schalke pressure finally became too much for the Potters as Barnetta raced through on goal in the final five minutes to tuck a neat finish under Jack Butland. Stoke's lack of match fitness will concern Hughes, but the Potters still have four pre-season friendlies to play against Burton, Blackburn, Real Betis and a return to Germany when they take on Freiburg.
highlights: Bojan Krkic scores first Stoke goal since joining from Barcelona . Schalke come from behind to win 2-1 at the Kufstein Arena . Stoke have now failed to win any of their three pre-season games in Germany .
id: 91fd10a69cd4bf9c9d8a3d69672f9cd4a46bcd84
chatgpt: Bojan Krkic, the former Barcelona and Roma forward, scored his first goal for Stoke City in their pre-season friendly match against Schalke 04 at the Kufstein Arena on Sunday. Despite Krkic's strike, Stoke were unable to secure a win, with Schalke coming from behind to claim a 2-1 victory. Krkic, who joined Stoke from Barcelona earlier this summer, opened the scoring just before the half-hour mark with a fine finish past the Schalke goalkeeper. The Spaniard was one of the standout performers for Stoke, linking up well with his teammates and looking dangerous in attack throughout the game. However, Schalke fought back in the second half, with goals from midfielder Alessandro Schopf and forward Guido Burgstaller securing the win for the German side. The result means that Stoke have now failed to win any of their three pre-season games in Germany, following defeats to Bochum and FC Koln earlier this month. Stoke boss Mark Hughes was pleased with Krkic's contribution, but admitted that his team needs to improve defensively in order to be competitive in the Premier League this season. Speaking after the match, Hughes said: "Bojan showed his quality once again and it was good to see him get off the mark. However, we need to work on our defensive organisation as we conceded two goals that could have been avoided." Despite the defeat, Hughes remains confident that his team will be ready for the season opener against Burnley on August 12th. He said: "We still have some work to do, but we have some good players and we will be ready for the start of the season. We have a tough game against Burnley first up, but we will be ready for the challenge." Stoke are expected to add to their squad in the coming weeks, with Hughes keen to strengthen his defence and midfield. The club have been linked with a number of players, including Manchester United's Phil Jones and West Bromwich Albion's Jake Livermore. Overall, it was a mixed performance from Stoke, who showed glimpses of their attacking potential but were ultimately let down by their defensive lapses. However, the encouraging display from Bojan Krkic will give the team a boost ahead of the new season, as they aim to improve on last year's 13th place finish in the Premier League.