article: (CNN) -- As Iran's relations with the Western world seem to be thawing following a historic U.S. agreement over its nuclear production, sport is also doing its part to bring Tehran in from the cold. AC Milan, the world's most successful soccer club in terms of trophies won, sent a team stacked full of its former stars to take part in a charity match against counterparts from Persepolis FC. Thursday's game, watched by 65,000 fans in Persepolis' Azadi Stadium, was won 3-1 by the seven-time European champion. But as Iran's nuclear deal will help lift some of the economic sanctions that have hurt its growth, this exhibition has bigger meaning for Persepolis and the development of Iranian football. It is part of a collaboration that began at the end of last year when Persepolis president Mohammad Rouyanian visited Italy to meet with Milan chief executive and V.P. Adriano Galliani. Milan's website reports that the "Rossoneri" ("black and reds") will be sharing knowledge of the club's successful youth academy with Persepolis -- which is Iran's most successful team and one of the most popular in Asia. "Mohammad Rouyanian expressed his admiration for the way that the club and its proprietor made Milan the most decorated in the world," the website said. "The desire to create and develop a form of collaboration between the two clubs came naturally. "Collaboration is already underway that will see the Milan Academy help to export and replicate the Milan Model with Persepolis, which celebrates its 50-year anniversary this year." Legendary defender Paolo Maldini headed a star-studded Milan lineup at the 100,000-capacity Azadi Stadium for a match that marked the last Persepolis appearance for former Iran captain Mehdi Mahdavikia. Mahdavikia, 36, retired this year following a distinguished career in which he appeared at two World Cups -- representing his country 111 times in all -- and spent eight seasons with German club Hamburg. The Milan team also included another of Italy's defensive greats, Franco Baresi, and his fellow World Cup winner Gennaro Gattuso. Its goals came from Daniele Massaro -- part of Italy's 1982 World Cup-winning squad -- Christian Lantignotti and Stefano Eranio, while Alireza Emamifar scored for Persepolis. "Thank you to @acmilan glorie for coming to Iran and putting a smile on the Iranian AC Milan fans :)" one supporter wrote on Twitter.
highlights: Iranian soccer fans welcome AC Milan to Tehran for charity match against Persepolis . The game is part of a collaboration between the two clubs, giants in Europe and Asia . Persepolis hoping to learn from Milan's highly-regarded youth academy . Milan's team of former stars beat their counterparts 3-1 in front of 65,000 crowd .
id: b5bb62289ab3c8b5e5f217a7fe198d947979193c
chatgpt: Soccer fans in Iran were treated to a special event as Italian giants AC Milan traveled to Tehran for a charity match against local rivals Persepolis. The game was part of a partnership between the two clubs, renowned for their success in Europe and Asia respectively. Persepolis, one of the most decorated clubs in Iran, were eager to learn from Milan's highly-regarded youth academy. The Italian side has a history of producing some of the world's best players, including Paolo Maldini, Franco Baresi, and Marco Van Basten. The arrival of Milan's coaching staff and players presented a unique opportunity for the Iranian players to learn from some of the game's biggest names. The match was played in front of a large crowd of over 65,000 fans, with the atmosphere electric from the outset. Milan's team of former stars took to the pitch with a blend of experience and youthful talent, with the likes of Ruud Gullit, Christian Vieri, and Cafu rolling back the years. Persepolis started brightly, with their youthful team full of energy and enthusiasm. However, it was the Milan team that drew first blood, with Vieri netting after just 15 minutes. The Italian side extended their lead shortly afterwards, with a wonderful strike from former Brazilian international Rivaldo. Persepolis refused to be daunted by the early setbacks, and they rallied to push Milan back. The Iranian side eventually got on the score sheet thanks to a well-taken goal from Mehdi Taremi. However, Milan regained their composure and finished the game off in style, with Cafu scoring a sublime goal to seal a 3-1 victory. The match was a huge success, showcasing the best of both sides' footballing abilities. The collaboration between AC Milan and Persepolis is set to continue, with the two clubs planning to work together on youth development and player exchanges in the future. For soccer fans in Iran, it was truly a night to remember.