article: Islamabad, Pakistan (CNN) -- Pakistan's military said Tuesday that its forces have taken over a Taliban stronghold during the ongoing ground offensive in the tribal region of South Waziristan. Pakistani security forces have secured Sararogha and have started to clear the town of weapons and ammunition, the military said. It comes a day after its forces gained control of Kaniguram, another key Taliban stronghold, which the military says its forces have now completely secured. According to the military, 21 militants and one Pakistani soldier died in the past 24 hours of fighting -- most of them in the raid on Sararogha. The military is trying to rout Taliban insurgents operating along the Pakistan-Afghan border. The restive and largely ungoverned region of South Waziristan is the headquarters of the Pakistani Taliban. Pakistan's military suspects its leader, Hakimullah Mehsud, is still in the region backed by up to 8,000 militant fighters. Pakistan's army has launched three similar offensives in Kaniguram and Sararogha since 2004 without success, sometimes agreeing to peace deals that eventually fall apart. Army spokesman Maj. Gen. Athar Abbas recently told CNN that this time a peace deal is not an option. "Certainly there is no scope of a peace deal," Abbas told CNN. "It is a fight to the finish." The military began its ground offensive in South Waziristan three weeks ago, however the region has been affected by a broader anti-Taliban offensive that has uprooted more than 180,000 people this year, according to the United Nations. Many of those people -- more than 94,000 -- have fled South Waziristan since June, the U.N. said last week. In recent weeks, Pakistan has been relentlessly rocked by a wave of attacks as Islamic militants retaliate against the military campaign. On Monday, the Pakistani cities of Lahore and Rawalpindi were hit by separate suicide bombings. A suicide attacker believed to be on a motorcycle targeted people outside a bank in Rawalpindi who were lined up to pick up their monthly checks, police said. That attack killed 30 people, police said on Tuesday. The attack happened in the Cannt area of Rawalpindi, close to Pakistan's military headquarters where the top U.S. commander in Afghanistan, Gen. Stanley McChrystal, was meeting with Pakistan's army chief Gen. Ashfaq Parvez Kayani on Monday. It was unclear if he was there at the time of the attack. Hours later, two suicide bombers detonated their explosives at a police checkpoint in Lahore, injuring 17 police and civilians. CNN's Samson Desta and Reza Sayah contributed to this report.
highlights: Pakistani forces secure Sararogha, clearing the town of weapons and ammunition . Pakistan: 21 militants and one Pakistani soldier die in the past 24 hours of fighting . Restive and largely ungoverned region of South Waziristan is headquarters of Pakistani Taliban . Pakistan's army has launched three similar offensives in Kaniguram and Sararogha since 2004 without success .
id: 42500035a1f7f21eced30d8259ed5c152b835a5a
chatgpt: Pakistani forces have managed to secure the town of Sararogha, clearing it of weapons and ammunition. However, in the past 24 hours, 21 militants and one Pakistani soldier have died in the fighting. Sararogha is located in the restive and largely ungoverned region of South Waziristan, which is considered to be the headquarters of the Pakistani Taliban. The area has been a hotbed of militant activity for years, with extremist groups taking advantage of the lawlessness and inaccessible terrain to carry out attacks and launch operations. In response to the ongoing violence in the region, Pakistan's army has launched several offensives in Sararogha and neighboring Kaniguram since 2004. However, these efforts have not been successful in stamping out militant activity in the area. The recent operation in Sararogha marks yet another attempt by the Pakistani military to gain control over this troubled region. And while the military has managed to secure the town and rid it of weapons and ammunition, the cost has been high. According to reports, 21 militants were killed in the fighting, which lasted for over 24 hours. One Pakistani soldier also lost his life in the operation. The death toll, while unfortunate, highlights the seriousness with which the Pakistani military is approaching the situation in South Waziristan. The military's operation in Sararogha is part of a larger effort to bring stability and security to the region. In recent years, the Pakistani government has taken steps to improve infrastructure, education, and healthcare in Waziristan in a bid to win hearts and minds and to discourage support for militant groups. However, the road to stability in South Waziristan is long and uncertain. The region remains a difficult and often dangerous place, with militant groups operating with impunity in many areas. The recent fighting in Sararogha is a sobering reminder of the challenges that lie ahead for Pakistan as it tries to bring peace to this troubled part of the country. Despite the difficulties, the Pakistani military is determined to succeed in its mission. The operation in Sararogha may not have been completely successful, but it shows that the military is willing to take risks in the fight against terrorism. In the coming months and years, Pakistan will need to continue to focus its efforts on Waziristan, combining military operations with development initiatives and political engagement in order to bring lasting stability to the region.