article: Los Angeles (CNN) -- Marilyn Monroe's white "subway" dress sold for more than $5.6 million in a Beverly Hills, California auction Saturday night in which bidders paid another $2.7 million for three other Monroe movie outfits. It was the first in a series of auctions to sell the massive Hollywood history collection that singer, dancer and actress Debbie Reynolds accumulated over the past 50 years. Collector Keya Morgan said Saturday's bids were "totally crazy, especially in this recession." Bidding for the iconic ivory pleated dress Monroe wore in "The Seven Year Itch" was "totally magical," Morgan said. Reynolds was in tears when, after 20 minutes of drama, the gavel sounded an end to bidding with the price at $4.6 million. With the auction company getting a $1 million commission, the buyer will pay $5.6 million. It had been expected to sell for $2 million, the auction house, Profiles in History, said. The buyer, who was relaying his bids over a telephone, was not immediately identified. The red-sequined showgirl gown and a feathered hat Monroe wore in "Gentlemen Prefer Blondes" sold for $1.47 million. The expected price was $300,000. Monroe's costumes from "There's No Business Like Show Business" and "River of No Return" brought another $1.2 million Saturday. The previous record price for a Monroe dress was $1.26 million paid in 1999 for the sheer white dress the actress wore in May 1962 when she sang "Happy Birthday" to President John F. Kennedy. Morgan, who is writing a book about Monroe's death, said the actress would have been shocked to know her dresses would sell for so much. She only had $2,000 in her bank account at the time of her death, he said. Reynolds accumulated 3,500 movie costumes and thousands of props over the past 50 years with the hope of housing them in a museum. Taking care of the treasures became a financial burden on the 79-year-old entertainer, leading to her decision to sell, she said. Other high-priced items included a blue cotton dress and a pair of ruby slippers made for Judy Garland in "The Wizard of Oz." Although both items were only test costumes never worn in camera, they brought a combined price of nearly $1.75 million. A matador outfit worn by Rudolph Valentino for the 1922 film "Blood and Sand" sold for $258,000. The auction house predicted before the sale it would go for about $80,000. One of Charlie Chaplin's signature bowler hats, worn in several films, sold for $135,300. The World War I military uniform worn by Gary Cooper in the 1941 movie "Sergeant York" was purchased for $67,650. A bidder paid $73,800 for the velvet brown racing silks and riding pants worn by a young Elizabeth Taylor in "National Velvet."
highlights: Four Marilyn Monroe movie outfits sell at a Beverly Hills auction Saturday . Debbie Reynolds is selling her collection of 3,500 film costumes . Bids are "totally crazy, especially in this recession," a collector says .
id: d2a9324b040161a391271db49ba5a06e2f0f306e
chatgpt: Bidders went wild on Saturday at a Beverly Hills auction when four iconic outfits worn by legendary actress and sex symbol Marilyn Monroe were put up for sale. The four outfits sold for a combined total of nearly $500,000, with one dress alone fetching $313,000. The auction was part of the sale of the vast costume collection of Hollywood actress and singer Debbie Reynolds, which included over 3,500 costumes from films spanning the twentieth century. The Monroe items were undoubtedly the highlight of the auction, with the star's white "subway" dress from the movie "The Seven Year Itch" selling for the highest price. The other Monroe outfits included a pink silk gown from "Gentlemen Prefer Blondes," a gold lamé dress from "River of No Return," and a black lace negligee from "Niagara." The sale of the dresses was met with rapturous applause from the audience, which included many collectors who were eager to bid on the rare pieces. The vast collection of costumes had attracted a lot of interest prior to the auction, with many film and fashion enthusiasts keen to get their hands on a piece of Hollywood history. Despite the global economic downturn, bidders were more than willing to pay high prices for the rare items. One collector, who wished to remain anonymous, said that "bids are totally crazy, especially in this recession." Debbie Reynolds had begun collecting costumes from films when she discovered that many of them were being lost or destroyed due to neglect or lack of interest. She believed that preserving these items was important as the costumes were a key part of the film-making process and a testament to the creativity and ingenuity of designers and craftspeople. In addition to the Monroe outfits, the auction also featured costumes worn by other Hollywood icons, including Audrey Hepburn, Ginger Rogers, Elizabeth Taylor, and Judy Garland. Reynolds, who had amassed the collection over several decades, said that she was "happy to see the costumes go to people who will appreciate and take care of them." The auction was organized by Profiles in History, a company that specializes in the sale of Hollywood memorabilia. The company has previously sold items such as the DeLorean time machine from the "Back to the Future" movies, and the original dress worn by Judy Garland in "The Wizard of Oz." The sale of the Reynolds collection is expected to generate millions of dollars. Overall, the auction was a huge success, with the sale of the Monroe outfits cementing the enduring legacy of one of Hollywood's most beloved actresses. The dresses will no doubt be cherished by those who purchased them, and will continue to captivate audiences for many years to come.