article: Los Angeles (CNN) -- California Gov. Jerry Brown will seek an immediate stay of what he called an "unprecedented" federal court order to release almost 10,000 inmates to relieve prison overcrowding by the end of the year, he said Thursday. A three-judge federal court panel ordered the state to reduce its prison population to 137.5% of design capacity by December 31 and threatened to find the state in contempt if California does not report on its progress every two weeks, Thursday's ruling said. California has the nation's largest prison system and says it has been reducing overcrowding. The case grows out of lawsuits filed in 1990 and 2001 that alleged overcrowding is at the core of a domino effect of unsafe and unhealthy conditions for those on both sides of the iron bars. When plaintiffs filed motions to convene the three-judge court panel in November 2006, California's prisons were at 202% of design capacity. In 2011, the U.S. Supreme Court upheld a three-judge federal panel's determination that California's medical and mental health care for inmates falls below a constitutional level of care and that the only way to meet the requirements is by reducing prison crowding. The Supreme Court in 2011 found that California's shortcomings in prison medical and mental health care resulted in "needless suffering and death" and recognized the federal court's prison reduction order was "of unprecedented sweep and extent," Thursday's ruling said. The high court affirmed that order in full in 2011. On Thursday, the three U.S. District Court judges expressed impatience with California officials, the defendants in the case. "The history of this litigation is of defendants' repeated failure to take the necessary steps to remedy the constitutional violations in its prison system," the order said. "It is defendants' unwillingness to comply with this Court's orders that requires us to order additional relief today." The three-judge panel added that the plaintiffs' request for a court order to show why California shouldn't be held in contempt "has considerable merit." "Our first priority, however, is to eliminate the deprivation of constitutional liberties in the California prison system," the three judges said in their ruling. "We will therefore DEFER ruling on plaintiffs' motion, and defer instituting any contempt proceedings related to defendants' prior acts until after we are able to determine whether defendants will comply with this order." Court documents also show that "DEFER" was not only all capitalized but also printed in bold face.
highlights: Gov. Jerry Brown will seek a stay of what he calls "unprecedented" court order . A federal court orders prison population to fall to 137.5% of capacity . Original lawsuits were filed when overcrowding was at 202% of capacity . Federal court ruling threatens California with contempt but defers action .
id: fffe0c4eb70bde9733b858adfd5b4eeeae631f28
chatgpt: California Governor Jerry Brown has announced that he will seek a stay of a federal court order mandating a reduction in the state’s prison population. The order calls for the population to fall to 137.5% of the facilities’ intended capacity. Brown, who called the court ruling “unprecedented,” has expressed concern that releasing any significant number of inmates early could lead to a rise in crime. The original lawsuits were filed back in 2001 when overcrowding in California prisons had reached a dangerous 202% of capacity. Since then, California has reduced the number of inmates and built new facilities, but overcrowding has persisted. In 2013, a panel of federal judges ruled that the state needed to reduce its prison population to 137.5% of capacity within two years, and refused to grant an extension in 2015. The federal court’s ruling threatens California with contempt, but deferred action for 90 days to allow the state time to demonstrate progress toward reducing its prison population. Brown said the state will appeal the order, and also seek a stay, which would allow California time to comply with the directive, while continuing to fight it in court. Many critics argue that California’s prison system is broken and overcrowded. The system has been the subject of numerous lawsuits and investigations, and has been criticized for providing inadequate medical care, mental health services, and rehabilitation programs. In recent years, reforms have been enacted in an attempt to address these issues, but progress has been slow. Meanwhile, the federal court’s ruling has sparked debate about the effectiveness of mass incarceration. Supporters argue that it is necessary to keep dangerous criminals off the streets, while opponents argue that it is unjust, inhumane, and ineffective. The ruling has also revived the debate over the privatization of prisons, which critics argue incentivizes mass incarceration for profit. California is not alone in facing overcrowding in its prisons, with many other states and countries also struggling to find solutions to this complex problem. Some have looked to alternatives to incarceration, such as community service, probation, and rehabilitation programs, as ways to reduce the number of people in prison, while others advocate for harsher sentencing laws and building more prisons. As California continues to grapple with its overcrowded prisons, the state faces a daunting challenge in balancing public safety with the need to treat inmates humanely and effectively tackle issues like mental health and addiction. The federal court’s directive has brought this debate to the forefront, and the outcome of California’s efforts to comply with the order will be closely watched by advocates, policymakers, and the public.