article: Does your baby cry during long flights, causing you to want to disappear from the glares of fellow passengers? One airline is offering a perk that means your fussy baby would no longer be your problem. Abu Dhabi-based Etihad Airways offers free "Flying Nannies" to tend to children on long flights, according to a report from the Daily Mail. Consider it the ultimate in concierge service for parents, who can hand off their little ones to crew members who have been trained to care for their children. Hungry kid? No worries, the Flying Nanny can feed your progeny early. Bored to tears? The group is trained to entertain even the squirmiest of tots. The nannies are obvious by their orange aprons, and even trained are even trained in child psychology. The service helped Etihad, the national airline of the United Arab Emirates, win Best Up in the Air Experience distinction from the Future Travel Experience Awards in September. The award drew more attention to the nanny program. "Across the carrier's existing fleet, travellers in all classes can also enjoy a range of other amenities ranging from the 'Flying Nanny' onboard childcare service and next-generation in-flight entertainment, to onboard menus created by a hand-selected team of world-class chefs," according to an FTE Awards release. "Flying with a young family can be a daunting task, even for the most experienced travellers, and the Flying Nanny role demonstrates our understanding of our guests' needs and our commitment to making the journey as relaxing and comfortable as possible," said Aubrey Tiedt, vice president of guest services for the airline. "The Flying Nanny will liaise with parents and use their experience and knowledge to make the travel experience easier." Adam Weissenberg, vice chairman and U.S. leader of Deloitte's travel, hospitality and leisure sector, told USA Today that the airline was creative and forward thinking in offering the service. But swaying parents -- even those anxious to get a little help with their kids -- will still come down to dollars and cents he said. "At the end of the day, travelers still look at price first," Weissenberg said. "However, if prices are close or equal, perks like these could well sway a traveler's decision."
highlights: Abu Dhabi-based Etihad Airways offers on-board nannies to care for children . They are crew members specially trained to work with kids . Expert says the airline is "creative" to offer the service, but parents are price shopping .
id: 3bf8286470fd1a8527d81bfc1fa41601d7c2a33b
chatgpt: Abu Dhabi-based Etihad Airways has been offering a unique service to its passengers for several years now: on-board nannies. These are crew members who are specially trained to care for children during long-haul flights. According to the airline, the service has been extremely popular with families who want to ensure their kids have a comfortable and enjoyable experience while flying. The nannies, who are easily identifiable in their bright orange aprons, are equipped with a range of toys, games and activities to keep children entertained during flights. They can also assist with meal times, personal hygiene tasks and even help parents put their little ones to sleep. While the concept of on-board nannies is not new (other airlines such as Gulf Air and Air New Zealand offer similar services), Etihad Airways has taken it to the next level by providing comprehensive training for all their nannies. This includes specific courses on child development, behavior management and first aid, allowing them to provide expert care for children of all ages. Industry experts have commended Etihad Airways for their innovative approach to customer service. "Many airlines offer basic amenities for children and families, but few go as far as offering dedicated childcare staff," said Ben Schlappig, founder of travel blog One Mile at a Time. "It's a creative way for Etihad to set themselves apart from the competition." However, some parents are less enthusiastic about the service. In a survey conducted by travel website Skyscanner, 46% of respondents said they wouldn't pay extra for an on-board nanny. Many parents are price shopping for the best deals on flights and don't see the added value in paying for additional services. Etihad Airways offers their nanny service for free to passengers flying in their premium cabins (First Class, Business Class and The Residence). However, economy class passengers can request the service for a fee of $60 per sector. Despite the mixed reception, Etihad Airways remains committed to providing quality care for their young passengers. "We understand that travelling with children can be a challenge, which is why we are committed to making the experience as comfortable and enjoyable as possible for families," said the airline's spokesperson. As air travel continues to evolve, it's clear that airlines are looking for new and innovative ways to differentiate themselves from their competitors. Etihad Airways' on-board nanny service is just one example of the lengths airlines are going to provide exceptional service to their customers.