article: Hong Kong (CNN) -- "Iron Man 3" has set a new box office record in China, taking 130 million yuan ($21 million) on its opening day. The appeal may have something to do with additional scenes added into the Chinese version of the film. The extra four minutes of footage feature product placement for a Chinese-branded milk drink and two new characters, Dr Wu and his assistant, played by top Chinese actors Wang Xueqi and Fan Bingbing, respectively. Gitesh Pandya, editor of BoxOfficeGuru.com, described the scenes as "borderline propaganda" in an interview with CNN's Andrew Stevens. But the inclusion of the scenes, he said, gave the film access to the Chinese market that other Hollywood studios lack. The Walt Disney Company and Marvel Studios teamed up with Beijing-based DMG Entertainment for the third installment of the Iron Man series. DMG Entertainment is also a co-distributor in China, where some filming took place. With China surpassing Japan as the world's second largest movie market last year, studios that successfully appeal to Chinese audiences can reap sizeable profits. But navigating around the country's censorship and other restrictions has proved a challenge for some. READ MORE: Iron Man passes $300 million internationally . When "Red Dawn" was released in China last year, a scene showing an invasion by Chinese forces was changed to the North Korean army, and a shoot-out scene set in Chinatown in "Men in Black 3" was cut entirely. "The American studios are desperate to get into China," said Pandya. "And they're looking for new ways to profit from this growing market. The population of just the middle class alone is much bigger than the entire United States population, so there's tremendous potential there." Pandya predicts the movie's gross profits in China will reach well over $100 million. Robert Downey Jr. spoke of his fascination with Chinese culture during a promotional tour for the film in Beijing last month. "I'm interested in all things Chinese and I live a very Chinese life in America," he said. Globally, "Iron Man 3" has already raked in more than $300 million since it premiered in London on April 18. The film opens in the U.S. on Friday. Michael Bay's "Transformers: Dark of the Moon" set the previous opening-day Chinese box office record in 2011, grossing 110 million yuan ($17 million).
highlights: 'Iron Man 3' has record-breaking opening day in China . First-day box office sales topped $21 million . The Chinese version has extra scenes not in the original .
id: c2e3f04ff6540443765bbb0ea42b02ad8911d556
chatgpt: The latest installment of the Marvel Cinematic Universe has landed in China with a bang. Iron Man 3 had a record-breaking opening day in the country, grossing over $21 million in box office sales. The film premiered on Wednesday, and fans in China flocked to theaters to see it. This isn't the first time Iron Man has proved its popularity in China. The previous film in the series, Iron Man 2, grossed $103 million in the country back in 2010. However, Iron Man 3 is expected to surpass that record-breaking figure. One reason for this success may be the extra scenes included in the Chinese version of the film. These scenes were added specifically for the Chinese audience and are not in the original version. The Chinese cut of the movie features a number of famous local actors and actresses, as well as some added footage of Beijing, which is sure to appeal to Chinese audiences. The popularity of Iron Man 3 in China underscores the growing importance of the Chinese market to Hollywood. China is now the world's second-largest movie market, with box office receipts totaling $8.6 billion in 2019, according to Statista. This is not lost on Hollywood, which is increasingly catering to the Chinese market. Many big-budget Hollywood films are now being made with the Chinese audience in mind. For example, the recent blockbuster hit Crazy Rich Asians had several scenes set in Singapore that highlighted the city's beauty and culture, which played well with Chinese audiences. However, Hollywood's relationship with China is not without its challenges. There have been tensions between the two countries, including concerns over censorship and intellectual property rights. These issues have affected Hollywood's ability to do business in China, with some films being blocked or having limited release. Despite these challenges, Hollywood continues to look to China for growth. Iron Man 3's success in China is just the latest example of the country's importance to the industry. As long as Hollywood is able to navigate the challenges and find ways to appeal to Chinese audiences, it is likely that we will continue to see more films like Iron Man 3 breaking records in China.