article: Johannesburg, South Africa (CNN) -- Brazilian World Cup winner Bebeto believes his country's current crop of stars are capable of earning a record-extending sixth title in South Africa. The former striker, now 46, was a member of 1994 team that triumphed in the United States along with the likes of Romario and captain Dunga, who is now Brazil's national coach. He scored three goals in that tournament, and made the headlines after celebrating his effort in the quarterfinal against the Netherlands by racing to the touchline and rocking his arms back and forth in honor of the recent birth of his third child. That year Brazil became the first country to win the World Cup four times, having last triumphed in 1970. They managed it under the guidance of coach Carlos Alberto Parreira, who is now in charge of 2010 hosts South Africa. Brazil won a dour final on penalties against Italy after the match ended 0-0 following extra-time, and Dunga has been criticized for instigating a similar tactical approach as he left out talented but faded stars such as Ronaldinho and Adriano from his 23-man World Cup squad. But Bebeto told CNN's Pedro Pinto that Dunga deserves to be given time to impress, having opened the event with a hard-fought 2-1 win over North Korea ahead of Sunday's second Group G clash with the Ivory Coast at Johannesburg's Soccer City. "I think that this squad is a very strong one. There already world champions in it: Lucio, Juan, Kaka, and others that already won the cup," he said. "Experience is important. Dunga is working with a group of winners: they came top of their qualifying group, they won the Confederations Cup here in South Africa [in 2009] and they won Copa America. How it is possible to say something against this kind of squad?" Bebeto agreed that there were similarities between Dunga's team and that of 1994. "It's a hard-working team. It will be very hard to score against Brazil," he said. "I think they have the best defense in the world, starting with our goalkeeper -- that makes them similar to the champions in '94. "When we won in '94, we were already together for 40 days. And that helped a lot. So we need to be patient, and let Dunga do his job. Players like Kaka and Robinho can make the difference. "Luis Fabiano too, even if he's not in peak condition, and Kaka as well. But a player like Kaka, if he feels good, oh my God..." Kaka has struggled to find form after an injury-hit first season with Real Madrid in Spain, having left Italian club AC Milan where he had been hailed as the best player in the world. Forward Robinho has regained the form that prompted English club Manchester City to break the British transfer record in 2008, but only after returning home on loan to Santos.
highlights: Former World Cup winner Bebeto believes Brazil can claim sixth title in South Africa . Bebeto played with current coach Dunga in 1994 triumph in the United States . The 46-year-old says Dunga's squad have enough experience to do well in 2010 . He believes playmaker Kaka will be a key figure if he can regain his best form .
id: 77cb164a997feb27a2d99e49624f55a6ad9a9010
chatgpt: Former World Cup winner Bebeto, who played with current Brazil coach Dunga in their 1994 triumph, is confident that the Seleção can claim their sixth title in South Africa. The 46-year-old believes that the squad has enough experience to do well in the 2010 tournament and highlighted playmaker Kaka as a key figure if he can regain his best form. Speaking to reporters, Bebeto said that he has been impressed with Brazil's performances in the lead-up to the World Cup. "I think the team is looking strong and has been playing well in recent friendlies. We have some very talented players in the squad and I think we have a good chance of winning the tournament," he said. Bebeto, who scored 39 goals in 75 appearances for Brazil, knows what it takes to win at the highest level. In addition to his triumph with Dunga in 1994, he was also part of the team that reached the final in 1998. He believes that the current squad has the right mix of youth and experience to go all the way in South Africa. One player who Bebeto singled out for special praise was Kaka. The former AC Milan and Real Madrid star has been struggling for form in recent years but Bebeto believes that he can be a game-changer if he can regain his best form. "Kaka is a fantastic player and if he is fit and playing well then he can make a big difference for us," Bebeto said. He also highlighted the importance of defensive solidity in a tournament like the World Cup. "You need to have a good defence if you want to win the World Cup. We have some very good defenders in the squad and I think they will be key to our success." Bebeto also had some words of advice for the current Brazil squad. "You need to stay focused and take it one game at a time. It's a long tournament and anything can happen, but if you believe in yourself and work hard then you can achieve great things," he said. Brazil, who are the most successful team in World Cup history with five titles, will start their campaign against North Korea on June 15. They will also face Ivory Coast and Portugal in the group stage. If they progress to the knockout rounds, they could face tough opposition from the likes of Spain, Germany, and Argentina. Despite the tough competition, Bebeto remains confident that Brazil can come out on top. "We have a great tradition in the World Cup and I believe that we can add to that tradition this year. It won't be easy but I think we have the quality and the belief to do it," he said. In conclusion, Bebeto's belief in Brazil's chances of winning the World Cup is based on his experience as a player and his knowledge of the current squad. He is confident that Dunga's team has what it takes to add another trophy to their already impressive collection. The key, according to Bebeto, will be staying focused, working hard, and playing to their potential.