article: Atlanta (CNN) -- The defense attorney for one of two teenagers charged with fatally shooting a Georgia baby in the face spoke Wednesday about evidence in the case, saying speculation about the crime and evidence is complicating preparations for next month's trial. Public defender Kevin Gough, who represents De'Marquise "Marky" Elkins, said media reports have focused on "evidence selectively disclosed by the police." The investigation and prosecution have been "heavy-handed," he said, and "the state chooses to ignore obvious leads that are inconsistent with the state's theory of the case." Gough said he issued his four-page statement because of an overwhelming number of media inquiries, and he said it would be his last before the trial in three weeks. Elkins and another teenager, Dominique Lang, have been charged with murder in the March 21 killing of 13-month-old Antonio Santiago. They were 17 and 14 at the time, respectively. The case has drawn national attention for the horrific nature of the child's death. The child's mother, Sherry West, has said two teenagers approached her in the street in broad daylight. One pointed a gun at her and told her that if she didn't give him her money he would shoot her and shoot her baby. West said that the teen fired at her, hitting her in one leg and barely missing her head. The teen then shot her child in the face, she said. Baby's death marks 2nd time Georgia mom loses a son to violence . Gough said the case against his client is best described as circumstantial. "Contrary to speculation by some, there is no evidence of gunshot residue on Marky Elkins or upon his clothing. There is no murder weapon. There is no confession," he said in his statement. He said defense theories are evolving as the evidence develops, and he predicted further developments in the coming weeks. "Much of what has been said about Mr. Elkins has been unkind, and much of that discussion has been based on false assumptions and misinformation," he said. Asked about Gough's statement on the gunshot residue, Mark Spaulding, a spokesman for the Glynn County district attorney's office, said, "We don't have a comment on the record." Elkins' mother, aunt and sister have also been arrested on various charges alleging that they have hindered the investigation. The sister, Sabrina Elkins, was named in a grand jury indictment accusing her of helping her mother get rid of the gun authorities say was used to kill the child. Police found that gun in a pond more than two miles from where the shooting happened. Gough said more witnesses should not be afraid to come forward. CNN's Nick Valencia contributed to this report.
highlights: Kevin Gough represents teenage suspect De'Marquise Elkins . He says police have selectively disclosed evidence . He says no gunshot residue was found on his client . The 13-month-old was shot in the face in March .
id: 5b323394a565fe9a0603dc4a316e9bd2fe7d1b7e
chatgpt: Kevin Gough, the lawyer representing teenage suspect De'Marquise Elkins in the high-profile shooting case of a 13-month-old child in March, has accused the police of selectively disclosing evidence to the public. Gough claims that no gunshot residue was found on his client and that the prosecution has withheld crucial information that points to Elkins' innocence. The shooting of the toddler, who was shot in the face while his mother was pushing him in a stroller in Brunswick, Georgia, shocked the nation and sparked widespread outrage. Elkins was arrested along with his accomplice, 15-year-old Dominique Lang, and charged with murder, assault, and several other crimes. The prosecution's case against Elkins rests heavily on the testimony of several witnesses who claim to have seen him and Lang in the area at the time of the shooting. However, Gough argues that these witnesses have been coerced by the police and that their testimony is unreliable. Moreover, Gough claims that the prosecution has not disclosed all the evidence in the case and has selectively leaked information to the media to build a narrative against Elkins. "The police have their theory of what happened, and they are sticking to it, regardless of the facts," Gough said in a statement to the press. Gough's most significant claim is that no gunshot residue was found on Elkins, which he says undermines the prosecution's argument that Elkins fired the fatal shot. Gough says that the police have not been forthcoming with this information and that he had to conduct his own investigation to uncover this fact. The defense has also pointed to the fact that the police did not find any firearms or ammunition on Elkins when he was arrested. This, they say, is further evidence that Elkins was not involved in the shooting. The prosecution has dismissed Gough's claims as baseless and says that they have disclosed all the evidence in the case. They argue that the witness testimony, along with circumstantial evidence, is more than enough to prove Elkins' guilt. The trial, which has drawn national attention, has raised questions about the fairness of the justice system, particularly regarding the treatment of young black men. Elkins and Lang are both African American, and some people have accused the police and prosecution of racial bias. The shooting of the 13-month-old child was a senseless tragedy, and the trial has only added to the grief of the victim's family. While the jury will ultimately decide Elkins' fate, the case has brought attention to the need for police and prosecutors to be transparent and impartial in their investigations and prosecutions.