article: Former teen idol David Cassidy faces his third drunken driving charge  after being stopped for an illegal turn in Los Angeles on Friday night. Cassidy, 63, blew .19% -- twice the legal level --  on an alcohol test administered by the California Highway Patrol officer who stopped the singer-actor's rented Chevrolet Impala, according to a CHP statement Saturday. The former star of the TV series "The Partridge Family" was booked in a Los Angeles jail on a driving under the influence of alcohol charge early Saturday, the statement said. Jail records show he was freed on $15,000 bond several hours later. "Cassidy was observed making a right turn on a red light, in violation of a black and white regulatory sign indicating, 'No Right Turn On Red,'" the CHP said. The traffic stop happened off the 405 Freeway, near the Los Angeles International Airport. The officer noticed "the odor of an alcoholic beverage was emitting from the vehicle" when he approached Cassidy, who was alone in the car, the release said. Cassidy was arrested on a drunken driving charge in Schodack, New York, last August after he failed to dim his car's headlights at a police checkpoint, according to the police report. He blew a .10 in the Breathalyzer device, the report said. The legal blood alcohol limit is .08 in New York. Cassidy, who lives in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, entered a no contest plea as a first-time offender in February 2011 to a drunken driving charge that followed a November 2010 arrest in Florida. He was sentenced to a year's probation and his driver's license was suspended for six months for that conviction. He also attended a DUI school, paid a $500 fine and served 50 hours of community service. On the TV series, Cassidy played the eldest of five children of a widowed mother (Shirley Jones, who was Cassidy's real-life stepmother). The family, all musicians, traveled to gigs in a repainted school bus. When the show was canceled after four seasons, Cassidy launched his own pop music career, filling concert halls with screaming teenage girls attracted to such hits as "I Think I Love You."
highlights: Cassidy blew  .19%  on an alcohol test, the California Highway Patrol says . The singer-actor was charged with drunken driving in 2010 in Florida and 2013 in New York . The CHP stopped his car after an illegal turn near the Los Angeles airport, it says . Cassidy starred in the 1970s TV series "The Partridge Family"
id: e13c53aad0e817f7e8ca837fd28f615b34aefbf0
chatgpt: Actor and singer David Cassidy was arrested again on suspicion of drunken driving, according to the California Highway Patrol (CHP). Cassidy, who is best known for his role as Keith Partridge in the 1970s television series "The Partridge Family," was pulled over near the Los Angeles airport after making an illegal turn. The CHP alleges that Cassidy blew a .19% on an alcohol test, more than twice the legal limit. This isn't the first time the actor has been charged with drunken driving. He was previously arrested for the same offense in 2010 in Florida and in 2013 in New York. Despite his history of alcohol-related arrests, Cassidy has been in the public eye in recent years due to his attempts to clean up his act. Back in 2014, he opened up about his struggles with addiction in an interview with Piers Morgan, saying that he had hit "rock bottom" multiple times. At the time, Cassidy claimed that he had been sober for over two years and was working hard to stay on the right path. However, the recent DUI arrest suggests that the actor may have fallen off the wagon once again. The "Partridge Family" star has yet to comment publicly on the incident, and it remains to be seen what kind of legal trouble he may be facing. However, the CHP's report indicates that Cassidy is scheduled to appear in court on February 5th. Despite his age - Cassidy is now 63 years old - he continues to remain a popular figure in the entertainment industry. Along with his iconic role on "The Partridge Family," he has also enjoyed success as a recording artist over the years, releasing several albums that have sold millions of copies around the world. Regardless of his past successes, however, the recent DUI arrest is a serious matter for Cassidy, and it remains to be seen how his fans and the public at large will react to the news. For now, the actor is likely to keep a low profile as he prepares to face the legal system once again.