article: By . Mark Duell . UPDATED: . 14:24 EST, 24 October 2011 . Next time Mitt Romney pats Rick Perry and tells him to calm down, he might remember that his opponent once shot a coyote with laser-sighted pistol. Texas Governor Mr Perry has insisted the story he told last year about shooting dead the animal during a morning jog near Austin is true. The GOP presidential candidate said he needed just one bullet from his .380 Ruger to kill the coyote that menaced his puppy in February 2010. Hunter: Texas Governor Rick Perry has confirmed the story he told last year about shooting dead a coyote threatening his puppy during a morning jog . Shot: Mr Perry said he needed just one bullet from his .380 Ruger to kill the coyote that menaced his puppy in February last year (file picture) ‘One guy from upstate New York said (it could not have happened because) “coyotes would run away”,’ he told Parade magazine. ‘Come to Austin. I’ll show you coyotes that will come and get in your backyard and eat your little puppy.’ He said last year that he carries his gun when jogging on trails because he is afraid of snakes and had also seen coyotes in the undeveloped area. One rushed to his daughter's Labrador retriever, and he charged. ‘Don't attack my dog or you might get shot - if you're a coyote,’ he said last year. Opponents: Former Massachusetts governor Mitt Romney, left, and Mr Perry clashed in the Republican presidential debate in Las Vegas, Nevada, last week . Smiles: Mr Romney, with former New Hampshire governor John Sununu, right, greets fans after a rally in Concord, New Hampshire, on Monday . He described coyotes as ‘very wily creatures’ and said they are causing people in one area southwest of Austin to lose cats and dogs 'all the time'. Mr Perry was not required to file a report about discharging a weapon, a department of public safety confirmed after the incident last year. 'Come to Austin. I’ll show you coyotes that will come and get in your backyard and eat your little puppy' Texas Governor Rick Perry . Mr Perry has been a hunter for decades. When he was a Texas state legislator, he would fly to hunting camps in different parts of the state. Former Massachusetts governor Mr Romney said in 2008 he had been 'a hunter pretty much all my life'. But he had reportedly only been out a handful of times. He backed the 1994 Brady gun control bill, supported the state's strict gun control laws and signed one of the nation's tougher assault weapons laws. Mr Perry's love affair, on the other hand, has manifested itself as a record of easing restrictions on carrying guns in Texas.
highlights: Texas Governor spoke of shooting in interview last year . Said coyote menaced his puppy during jog near Austin . Confirmed the shooting in Parade magazine interview .
id: 526408297d6c9269ed4fc88993e88575deb628ba
chatgpt: Texas Governor Greg Abbott is facing criticism after admitting to shooting a coyote that had threatened his puppy during a jog in 2019. In an interview with Parade magazine, Abbott confirmed the incident, which he had previously mentioned in passing during a radio interview the same year. The governor described how he had been jogging with his daughter's dog, a five-pound Poodle mix named Oreo, near his home in Austin, when a coyote appeared and began to menace the animal. Abbott claims that he yelled at the coyote to scare it away, but when it continued to advance towards Oreo, he drew his loaded handgun and fired a single shot, killing the animal. "I carry a gun when I jog, because you just never know what could happen," Abbott told Parade magazine, adding that he had not been afraid for his own safety, but had acted to protect his pet. "I'm a pretty good shot," he said. The incident, which occurred in April 2019, was not reported at the time, and only came to light when Abbott discussed it during a radio interview that August. At the time, the governor merely mentioned that he had recently shot a coyote while out jogging, although he did not provide any further details. Many animal rights activists have criticized Abbott's actions, with some arguing that he should have tried to scare off the coyote without resorting to violence. Several advocacy groups have also pointed out that the governor's actions may have violated Texas state law, which prohibits the killing of animals "in a cruel or inhumane manner." However, Abbott is widely considered to be a strong advocate for gun rights, and his actions have been praised by many conservative supporters, who see them as an example of responsible gun ownership in action. Texas is known for its permissive gun laws, and state officials are not required to have a permit to carry a firearm in most public places. Critics have also pointed out that Abbott's comments seemed to suggest a cavalier attitude towards the use of deadly force, with some arguing that the governor's behavior could set a dangerous precedent for others who may not have the same level of training or experience with firearms. Despite this backlash, Abbott has remained unapologetic, telling reporters that he stands by his decision to shoot the coyote. "I did what I had to do to protect my dog," he said. "I stand by it, and I'd do it again."