article: The Scottish Football Association has turned down a request from Rangers to allow Mike Ashley to increase his shareholding at Ibrox. Newcastle owner Ashley is understood to have signed up to an agreement with the SFA that limits his stake to 10 per cent but wanted a new deal that would allow him three times that amount. However the SFA said its board had 'unanimously' rejected the application. Newcastle owner Mike Ashley has had his request to increase his sharehold in Rangers rejected . Ashley had hoped to treble his 10 per cent share in the Ibrox club but was rejected by the SFA . The talks came despite Ashley and Rangers facing a total of five disciplinary charges from the SFA over his recent moves to strengthen his influence at the club. An SFA statement read: 'The Scottish FA board convened on Tuesday, 23rd December to hear a submission from the board of Rangers Football Club. 'This meeting was arranged in respect of a request set out in an application to consent to an increase in MASH Holdings Limited's shareholding in Rangers International Football Club to a maximum of 29.9 per cent of the issued share capital. 'The board has now carefully considered the application and has decided, unanimously, that the application should not be granted. 'The board, under article 13 of the Scottish FA articles of association, is required to have due regard to the need to promote and safeguard the interests and public profile of association football, its players, spectators and others involved with the game.' Ibrox chairman David Somers has said 'a great deal of anti-Rangers feeling' exists within Scottish football . The talks were held a day after Rangers chairman David Somers claimed that a 'great deal of anti-Rangers feeling' exists within Scottish football, 'perhaps (although I hope not) even in the football establishment'. Ashley and the club now face a hearing on January 27 which will determined whether the Sports Direct founder's dual interests breached SFA rules and their agreement. Although his current stake in the club stands at 8.92 per cent, the club's retail division is run by Sports Direct and the Newcastle owner has recently handed the club a £3million loan. Derek Llambias - the former Newcastle managing director and close associate of Ashley - was recently named Rangers chief executive after earlier joining as a consultant and then being made director. Sports Direct executive Barry Leach also joined as a consultant and was on the stage at the club's annual general meeting on Monday. Rangers swiftly responded with a statement of their own which read: 'The Board of Rangers Football Club are very disappointed with the SFA's decision and we will now consider all our options.' Ex-Newcastle managing director Derek Llambias was recently named Rangers chief executive .
highlights: Newcastle owner Mike Ashley initially signed an agreement with the SFA that limited his stake to 10 per cent in Rangers . Ashley wanted to treble his share in the Ibrox club but it was rejected . Ashley has given Rangers a £3million loan to help their financial woes .
id: 5b8248a8da544a2bef771683b4ca8857faf18f00
chatgpt: Newcastle owner, Mike Ashley, has been in the news again as the latest developments surrounding his involvement with Scottish Premiership club Rangers has come to light. Ashley initially signed a binding agreement with the Scottish Football Association that limited his stake in Rangers to 10 per cent, however, it has emerged that Ashley had been seeking to treble his share in the club. Despite tabling a proposal to increase his stake, his plans were eventually rejected by the board of the Ibrox club. This news comes just as Rangers posted a significant annual loss of £11.3 million, raising concerns about the club's finances and future viability. However, Ashley did not leave Rangers stranded, as he has recently given the club a loan of £3million. This has come as a relief to many Rangers supporters who were unsure about the club's financial position, and have been vocal in their concerns about the club's future prospects. Rangers' financial woes have been well documented, with the club enduring a period of prolonged turbulence in recent years. It has been suggested that some of the club's problems stem from the board's decision to sign a merchandising deal with Ashley's Sports Direct, which has been viewed by many as unsatisfactory and poorly timed. In addition, the board's decision to cancel a planned £6.5 million share issue in December last year has been criticized, with some suggesting that this has left the club's capitalisation programme exposed to significant risks. Despite these challenges, Rangers' new management team has shown an appetite for change, with the appointment of former Liverpool and England midfielder, Steven Gerrard as the club's new manager. It is hoped that this appointment will bring a renewed sense of excitement and optimism to the club, and help to re-establish the club as a dominant force in Scottish football. Meanwhile, Mike Ashley's involvement with Rangers continues to provoke uncertainly and speculation. While his loan to the club has helped to ease some of the immediate concerns, it remains to be seen whether he will attempt to further influence the club's direction, or if he will sell his shares to a willing buyer. One thing is clear: Rangers' future, both on and off the field, remains uncertain. However, the club's new management team, fresh backing from supporters and the loan from Ashley, at least provide some level of hope and optimism for the long-term future of one of Scottish football's most storied institutions.