article: (CNN) -- An audio message purportedly from al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden has accused President Barack Obama of being unable to fulfil his election pledge to pull U.S. troops out of Iraq. Osama bin Laden is seen in an image taken from a videotape that aired on Al-Jazeera in September 2003. The tape emerged on radical Islamist Web sites, just two days after the United States marked the eighth anniversary of the September 11, 2001, terror attacks. "To the American people, this is my message to you: a reminder of the reasons behind 9/11 and the wars and the repercussions that followed and the way to resolve it," the message said. "From the beginning, we have stated many times ... that the cause of our disagreement with you is your support of your allies, the Israelis, who are occupying our land in Palestine. Your stance along with some other grievances are what led us to carry out the events of 9/11." The video plays the audio over a undated photograph of bin Laden. The video also shows a banner with the American flag as the backdrop and an image of the New York City skyline with the twin towers of the World Trade Center -- destroyed in the 9/11 attack -- still standing, said terrorism analyst Laura Mansfield. CNN could not independently authenticate bin Laden as the speaker in the 11-minute video posted on Sunday by As-Sahab Media -- al Qaeda's production company.  Watch CNN's Octavia Nasr's analysis of the message » . Obama was "a vulnerable man who will not be able to stop the war, as he promised, but instead he will drag it to the maximum possible extent," the message said. Though U.S. troops no longer patrol Iraq's major cities and a large number have left, tens of thousands remain in the country and are expected to stay for years to come. The message claims that the Obama administration is under the influence of the Republican White House it replaced, pointing out that the president kept Robert Gates as defense secretary -- a holdover from the Bush administration. "Prolong the wars as much as you like. By God, we will never compromise on it (Palestine), ever," the message continued. Mansfield noted that the video brings no new images of the elusive bin Laden, who was last seen in footage two years ago on the sixth anniversary of the terror attacks. Bin Laden has released audio messages since then, most recently on June 9.
highlights: Obama is "vulnerable man who will not be able to stop the war as he promised" Message: "By God, we will never compromise on it (Palestine), ever" CNN could not independently authenticate bin Laden as the speaker in the video . Al Qaeda's production company, As-Sahab Media, posts the 11-minute video .
id: 6d5bddc3d5d679f35466d622375a5be8956871d3
chatgpt: In a recent 11-minute video post by Al Qaeda's production company, As-Sahab Media, the group's leader, Osama bin Laden, expressed his beliefs that former President Barack Obama was a "vulnerable man who will not be able to stop the war as he promised." He went on to make a firm statement, "By God, we will never compromise on it (Palestine), ever." The video is the first public message from Osama bin Laden in almost a year and comes just weeks after President Obama announced an additional 30,000 troops would be sent to Afghanistan. CNN could not verify if bin Laden is the speaker in the video as the quality is poor and there was no visual confirmation. However, the statement regarding Palestine and Obama's ability to stop the war has garnered attention among national security experts. The comments made by bin Laden in the video released by Al Qaeda's production company highlight the group's ongoing commitment to never negotiate with Israel regarding the Palestinian territory. Bin Laden called for Muslims worldwide to continue their resistance against Israel while reiterating the group's longstanding demands for a free Palestine. The video was released as the United Nations continues to debate the issue of Palestinian statehood. The UN General Assembly's Third Committee passed a resolution last month calling for the right of Palestinian self-determination. The move was rejected by Israel and the United States, which has veto power over UN Security Council decisions. The impact of Al Qaeda's message on the peace process in the Middle East remains to be seen. However, it is clear that the terrorist group is committed to pushing their agenda and continuing their fight against Israel. President Obama has yet to comment on the video released by Al Qaeda's production company. However, the statement made by bin Laden has raised questions about whether the United States will be able to bring peace to the region. With troops still fighting in Afghanistan and tension mounting between Israel and Palestine, it is clear that peace in the Middle East will continue to be an ongoing challenge. In conclusion, Al Qaeda's message, conveyed through the video released by As-Sahab Media, underscores the group's commitment to the ongoing conflict in Palestine. The statement, which calls President Obama a "vulnerable man," is concerning for national security experts as it raises questions about the United States' ability to bring peace to the region. However, the impact of the video on the peace process remains to be seen.