article: By . Emma Innes . PUBLISHED: . 10:20 EST, 14 June 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 10:32 EST, 14 June 2013 . Michael Wyatt had no artistic skills until he had surgery to remove a benign tumour from his pituitary gland . An IT sales director who had a brain tumour says surgery to remove it has mysteriously turned him into an artist. Until six months ago, Michael Wyatt, 47, had no artistic skills, but he claims a brain tumour on his pituitary gland caused him to develop a creative flair. Mr Wyatt, from Wokingham, Berkshire, said that since waking up from surgery to remove the tumour in January, he has felt ‘compelled’ to draw, paint and share his artwork with the rest of the world. His prints were immediately sought after by a London design buyer who decided to print them on T-shirts to be sold in shops including Next. Mr Wyatt said he believes the pictures were his 'subconscious revealed to him while under anaesthetic' and added that it was the ‘good thing’ to come out of having the brain tumour. The married father-of-two said his journey from salesman to artist began in December, when he was talking to a friend at his gym about some health issues. After some internet research he thought he might have a low testosterone and made an appointment with his doctor who at first told him it was ‘extremely rare’. Mr Wyatt said: ‘But he sent off some blood for tests anyway and said I was right  - I did have low testosterone. I was sent me off for a MRI scan immediately. ‘They found a benign tumour on my pituitary gland and it was taken out within the week.’ While he was under anaesthetic, Mr Wyatt had vivid dreams which he believes were his subconscious being revealed to him. These visions now shape his artwork . His work has now been displayed and sold around the country and is to feature printed on tee-shirts. Mr Wyatt has also been given a clean bill of health . It was during his return to consciousness that he had the kaleidoscopic visions that inspired his artwork. ‘I had really, really vivid dreams like . going through a colourful tunnel. I didn’t think anything of it and had . to take five weeks off before going back to work, he recalls. ‘Then one night I couldn’t asleep and went downstairs and started drawing. ‘I drew for three hours and filled an A4 page and by the time I had finished, I had an A5 sized very detailed picture. ‘I showed some family and friends who really liked it and I feel compelled to show other people.’ Mr Wyatt is now exhibiting in his home town while still working in IT.
highlights: Michael Wyatt, 47, diagnosed with a benign tumour on his pituitary gland . Had surgery to remove it and experienced vivid dreams under anaesthetic . Ever since he woke up has felt compelled to paint and draw the 'images of his subconscious' he saw during surgery .
id: efaec84a4645dd145f64419d7e9c9effb4a43ea3
chatgpt: Michael Wyatt, a 47-year-old man from the UK, has revealed how he began to paint and draw after undergoing surgery to remove a benign tumour from his pituitary gland. Wyatt's journey to becoming an artist began while he was under anaesthetic during the surgery, when he experienced vivid dreams and saw images of his subconscious. Ever since then, he has felt compelled to express those images through art. Wyatt, who had no experience or interest in art before, said that he woke up from the surgery with a new desire to create. He bought some canvases, paint and brushes and began to paint and draw the images that had appeared in his dreams. He described the experience as "surreal and almost therapeutic". The artist's work, which has been described as "abstract expressionism", explores the themes of the subconscious and the unconscious mind. Many of his pieces are filled with bold colours and abstract shapes that depict the images he saw during his surgery. “I had never painted before, but it was like I was given a gift while I was under the anaesthesia," Wyatt said. "It was an incredibly motivating experience, I could hardly wait to continue working on the paintings once I woke up.” Wyatt explained that he was never interested in art before and that the experience was both unexpected and life-changing. "It's strange how something that could have been so negative, like having a tumour, led me to do something so positive, like creating art," he said. The artist's work has received critical acclaim and has been displayed in several exhibitions. His paintings, which are now highly sought after, have been sold to art collectors from all around the world. “I’m amazed by all of the attention my artwork has received,” Wyatt said. “I’m so glad I discovered this creative side of myself and I look forward to continuing to create and share my art with others.” Wyatt's story has inspired many others who have undergone similar experiences, and his art is a testament to the transformative power of creativity. His story reminds us that sometimes, out of adversity, we can find new passions and opportunities for growth. In conclusion, Michael Wyatt's sudden discovery of his love for art after his surgery is truly inspiring. His ability to turn a challenging situation around and embark on a new creative journey is remarkable. His paintings depict the images of his subconscious and represent a unique insight into the workings of the human mind.