article: (CNN)If you're planning on packing up and changing addresses to Kepler-442b or Kepler-438b anytime soon, you can probably put away the moving boxes for now. While the newly discovered exoplanets and their six friends hold the exciting possibility of being capable of supporting life, scientists won't know for sure for a while. The Kepler Space Telescope made the discoveries, pushing the number of such exoplanets it has found to more than 1,000. The punch list, according to astronomers with the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics (CfA), sounds good. They are not too close or too far from their star so that they might have water instead of ice or steam. They are about the right size, and they get a decent amount of sunlight. And they also might have the kinds of surface that could bear life. "Most of these planets have a good chance of being rocky, like Earth," lead author Guillermo Torres of the CfA said in a release. Which is a lot more hospitable that being a big ball of gasses. "We don't know for sure whether any of the planets in our sample are truly habitable," second author David Kipping of the CfA said in a release. "All we can say is that they're promising candidates." Kepler-438b and Kepler-442b are the most similar to Earth of any known exoplanets to date. And even if there was confirmation, Christine Pulliam with the CfA said teams are "still a couple of generations of telescope development away," from even seeing them, much less visiting. Kepler-438b is 470 light-years away and Kepler-442b is 1,100 light years away, according to CfA. "That's a little far away," Caldwell said, "We need to get to Mars first." Still it's very exciting just to discover them and to be closer to identifying a "second" Earth. At a panel held last summer at NASA headquarters in Washington, astronomers said they were "very close in terms of technology and science to actually finding the other Earth." That's due in part to the Kepler telescope. The planet-hunting Kepler probe, launched in 2009, finds planets by looking for dips in the brightness of a star as a planet transits, or crosses, in front of that star. Pulliam said the team of scientists monitored data for more than 160,000 stars, which led them to the eight new planets. The couple most like Earth, Kepler-438b and Kepler-442b, both orbit red dwarf stars, which are cooler and smaller than the Earth's sun. Kepler-438b's diameter is 12% bigger than Earth and has a 70% chance of being rocky, which means the surface of the planet appears to be like Earth's. Kepler-442b is about one-third larger than Earth with a 60% chance of being rocky.  Scientists give it a 97% chance of being in the habitable zone, but caution that the estimates aren't certain. NASA stuns with new image of 'Pillars of Creation' CNN's Suzanne Presto contributed to this report.
highlights: Scientists find eight new planets in habitable distance from their stars . Two of the eight are most similar to Earth of any known exoplanets . Observations of these new planets is difficult due to their light-years distance away from Earth .
id: 866da364401cffadbedbc709b76829e272ca5752
chatgpt: In a groundbreaking discovery, scientists have identified eight new planets that are within the habitable distance from their respective stars. Among these eight planets, two are found to be the most similar to Earth than any other known exoplanets, raising hopes for the possibility of extraterrestrial life. The discovery comes after years of rigorous research and observation by a team of international scientists who used the latest technologies, including the Transiting Exoplanet Survey Satellite (TESS), to scan the skies for new planets. The newly discovered planets are located in different parts of the galaxy and vary in size and composition. According to the scientists, two of the new planets are the most promising when it comes to the possibility of supporting life. These planets, which are approximately the same size as Earth, orbit their respective stars at just the right distance to support the existence of liquid water – a key ingredient for life as we know it. However, despite the excitement surrounding the discovery, observations of these new planets remain incredibly difficult due to their vast distance from Earth. The newly discovered exoplanets are located many light-years away, making it a complex and challenging task to gather detailed information about them. To study these new planets in more detail, scientists and researchers around the world are working to develop new and innovative techniques that can overcome the obstacles presented by the distance between Earth and these exoplanets. One such technique is the use of powerful telescopes, which are capable of gathering detailed data from vast distances. Some scientists are also exploring the possibility of sending unmanned missions to these new planets. While it is still a long way off, the idea of launching probes to explore these distant worlds is an exciting prospect for many people around the world. The discovery of these new exoplanets is a significant achievement for the scientific community, as it further expands our understanding of the universe and the potential for extraterrestrial life outside of our Solar System. The more we learn about the universe, the more we realize just how vast and mysterious it truly is. As we continue to study these new exoplanets and expand our knowledge of the universe, it is clear that there is still much to learn and explore. With new discoveries and technologies emerging all the time, the possibilities for uncovering the secrets of the universe seem limitless. In conclusion, the discovery of these eight new exoplanets is a monumental achievement for scientists and researchers around the world. While the challenges of studying these distant worlds remain formidable, the potential for new discoveries and breakthroughs is enormous. As we continue to explore and learn about the universe, the discovery of these new planets opens the door to exciting new possibilities and opportunities for scientific advancement.