article: (CNN) -- How do you run a business effectively when your supremo is facing bribery charges over a multibillion-dollar deal? In the case of Formula One supremo Bernie Ecclestone you step down as director of the sport's holding company -- Delta Topco -- but continue to run one of the world's most lucrative sport franchises on a day-to-day basis. The 83-year-old Ecclestone is accused of making a corrupt payment during his sale of the sport in 2006 and was indicted on bribery charges in German. He is set to go on trial in April. He denies the charges and he was not immediately available for comment when his office was contacted by CNN. Following the court's decision, Delta Topco Limited held a board meeting to plan how best to run the F1 business. "Mr. Ecclestone has reassured the board that he is innocent of the charges and intends to vigorously defend the case which will commence in late April 2014," said a Delta Topco statement. "After discussion with the board, Mr. Ecclestone has proposed and the board has agreed that until the case has been concluded, he will step down as a director with immediate effect, thereby relinquishing his board duties and responsibilities until the case has been resolved. "The board believes that it is in the best interests of both the F1 business and the sport that Mr. Ecclestone should continue to run the business on a day-to-day basis, but subject to increased monitoring and control by the board. "Mr. Ecclestone has agreed to these arrangements. The approval and signing of significant contracts and other material business arrangements shall now be the responsibility of the chairman, Mr. Peter Brabeck-Letmathe, and deputy chairman, Mr. Donald Mackenzie." Ecclestone is accused of making a corrupt payment to Gerhard Gribkowsky, a banker who worked on the sale of F1 to private equity firm CVC in 2006. Gribkowsky was jailed for eight and a half years in 2012 after he admitted to taking bribes, an accusation which Ecclestone denies.
highlights: Bernie Ecclestone will stand trial on bribery charges, a German court announced . The 83-year-old is accused of making corrupt payments during the sale of Formula One . He will step down as a director of the company that owns the rights to the motorsport . However, Ecclestone will continue to be involved in the running of F1 .
id: b29f3a49eddea8727790c3ca501ba45e3dcc7446
chatgpt: Bernie Ecclestone, former chief executive of Formula One, will stand trial on bribery charges in Germany, according to a recent announcement by the court. The 83-year-old is accused of making corrupt payments during the sale of the motorsport back in 2006 and 2007. Ecclestone denies any wrongdoing and claims that he was the victim of blackmail. The trial follows a lengthy investigation into the sale of Formula One by its previous ownership group, Kirch Media. Prosecutors allege that Ecclestone paid a $44m bribe to banker Gerhard Gribkowsky in order to maintain control of the sport. The trial is set to begin in April 2014, and if found guilty, Ecclestone could face years in prison. He has said that he will fight the charges and has already hired lawyers to defend him. In the meantime, Ecclestone has announced that he will be stepping down as a director of the company that owns the rights to Formula One. He will remain involved in the running of the sport, however, and will continue to attend races and other events. Ecclestone has been involved in Formula One since the 1950s and is widely credited with transforming the sport into the global spectacle it is today. He has faced controversy in the past, including allegations of bribery and links to the Nazi party, but has always maintained his innocence. The news of Ecclestone's trial has sent shockwaves through the world of motor racing, with many wondering what the future holds for the sport. Some analysts have suggested that his departure could lead to a power vacuum and a struggle for control of the sport. Despite the uncertainty, many in the sport have praised Ecclestone for his contribution to Formula One and his dedication to the sport over the years. It remains to be seen how the trial will play out, but one thing is clear: the future of Formula One hangs in the balance.