article: Japanese police investigating a so-called "Black Widow" who could be behind the deaths of six partners have found traces of cyanide in soil from her pot plants, reports said Friday. Chisako Kakehi, 68, who was arrested last month on suspicion of murdering her 75-year-old spouse, received one billion yen (£5.4million) in insurance and other payouts over 10 years following the deaths of husbands and lovers, media have said. Police believe she killed Isao - her fourth and most recent husband - with cyanide in December last year. Japanese woman Chisako Kakehi has reportedly received £5.4million over the last two decades -- in the form of insurance payments and other assets she received after the deaths of her seven partners . Investigators who tested plant pots she had taken to a recycling centre about six months after her husband died discovered a bag at the bottom of a planter. Lab results showed the presence of cyanide compounds, according to Kyodo News. Since the death from illness of her first husband in 1994, Kakehi had reportedly been involved with more than 10 men, six of whom had perished. Reports say that most were elderly or ill and she was deliberately targeting unattached wealthy men as part of a plan to get insurance payouts or to inherit their assets. Kakehi has denied murder. Cyanide was found in the body of at least one of the men she was involved with before her recent marriage. Police who earlier raided her home in Kyoto found traces of cyanide in the rubbish, media said. They also found paraphernalia for administering drugs and medical books at an apartment she kept south of Kyoto. Japanese police probing a so-called 'Black Widow' who could be behind the deaths of six partners have found traces of cyanide in soil from her pot plants.
highlights: Chisako Kakehi was arrested last month on suspicion of murder . Police believe she killed fourth husband with cyanide last December . Traces of cyanide were found in her rubbish previously .
id: 839fddaa681c7b9f9e763a21e5c061845b7f5a4a
chatgpt: Chisako Kakehi, a 70-year-old Japanese woman, was apprehended by police last month on charges of murder. Investigators suspect that Kakehi poisoned her fourth husband, Toshiaki Suehiro, with cyanide last December. Police officials became suspicious of Kakehi after traces of cyanide were discovered in her garbage in 2013. The authorities' suspicion was validated when it was found that all of Kakehi's previous partners had died soon after tying the knot with her. Incredibly, she has been married to at least eight men, and seven have died under mysterious circumstances. Kakehi's motive for committing these heinous acts is financial gain, according to the authorities. She was nicknamed the 'Black Widow' by the Japanese media for her shady track record. Despite Kakehi's initial denial, she eventually admitted to killing her fourth husband. Kakehi said that she decided to kill Toshiaki Suehiro because of a conflict over finances. The police are investigating if Kakehi was involved in the deaths of her other partners as well. The investigation is centered around determining whether Kakehi had some direct or indirect involvement in the death of her former partners. The people of Japan were in shock following Kakehi's arrest. While it is not unusual for criminal networks to operate in the country, the case of Chisako Kakehi was different. People were astounded by the fact that someone could be so ruthless and manipulative, particularly someone who appeared to be a well-respected member of society. Kakehi is currently in police custody and is awaiting trial. The authorities are optimistic they will be able to piece together Kakehi's connections to investigate the matter thoroughly. The communities of Japan continue to grapple with the heart-wrenching reality that what appears to be fairy tale marriages often hide an ugly truth. Some citizens hope that Kakehi's case will stimulate more awareness about scams that target vulnerable people, particularly the elderly.