article: (CNN) -- Forty-three soldiers suffered heat-related illnesses Friday during a 12-mile road march at Fort Bragg, North Carolina, an Army spokesman said. The march was the culmination of a week of "expert field medical badge training," during which soldiers are tested on their medic and general soldier skills in order to receive an "expert" badge, Fort Bragg spokesman Benjamin Abel said. Sixty soldiers were on the march, which started at 6 a.m., and they were carrying backpacks, helmets, weapons and other combat gear, Abel said. About an hour and a half into the march, the people running the event noticed some personnel "were having difficulties," and medical transports were begun, he said. Eighteen of the soldiers were transported to Womack Army Medical Center, and one was admitted to the intensive care unit, he said. Humidity levels Friday morning were higher than expected, but "this is odd, out of the norm, to have this many people treated," Abel added. The expert field medical badge is deemed by the Army as "the utmost challenge to the professional competence and physical endurance of the soldier medic," Fort Bragg officials said in a statement earlier this week. "It is the most sought-after peacetime award in the Army Medical Department, and while the combat medical badge is the 'portrait of courage' in wartime, the expert field medical badge is undoubtedly the 'portrait of excellence' in the Army all of the time," officials said. "To wear the EFMB means you passed a grueling series of hands-on-tests on communications, common skill tasks, emergency medical treatment, evacuation of the sick and wounded, litter obstacle course, day/night land navigation courses, comprehensive written test, 12-mile foot march, CPR, physical fitness test, and weapons qualification," the base said. In June 1965, the Department of the Army established the badge as a special skill award for the recognition of exceptional competence and outstanding performance by field medical personnel.
highlights: A total of 60 soldiers were being tested for their expert field medical badge . 43 of them suffer heat-related illnesses . One is in intensive care . The difficult-to-obtain badge is considered the "portrait of excellence" in the Army .
id: c20191e712094aa2a944779d0627d7a389811bf3
chatgpt: In a grueling test of endurance and skill, 60 soldiers from various Army branches were undergoing the Expert Field Medical Badge assessment at Fort Bragg. However, out of the 60 being tested, 43 suffered from heat-related illnesses and one soldier was even placed in intensive care. The Expert Field Medical Badge (EFMB) is a difficult-to-obtain award that signifies excellence in the Army's medical corps. The medal is earned through an intensive evaluation of medical proficiency and skill in a series of challenging training scenarios. To be considered for the award, candidates must first pass several rigorous prerequisites, including training on a variety of subjects related to medical care in combat situations. Those who survive the pre-requisites and are tested for the badge face an array of simulations that test their abilities in various emergency situations. During this test, soldiers are evaluated on their knowledge of trauma medicine, emergency care, and patient assessment; their ability to conduct field surgeries or triage patients during mass casualty events; their skills in environmental medicine, amongst other skills. Unfortunately, the weather conditions were brutal on the day of testing, with temperatures soaring to over 90 degrees Fahrenheit. With the humidity, this temperature became unbearable for many soldiers. Consequently, the majority of the soldiers being tested suffered from heat-related illnesses, which ranged from minor symptoms such as nausea and dizziness to more severe cases requiring hospitalization.  According to Fort Bragg's spokesperson, the health and safety of soldiers is always the highest priority. Once a soldier begins to exhibit even mild symptoms, they're swiftly pulled out of the testing site and treated to prevent further complications. A representative of the U.S. Army medical corps said that heat illnesses are "not uncommon" during these types of tests, and that such incidents would be carefully examined to determine how to improve future tests. Despite the challenges, the quest for the Expert Field Medical Badge continues to represent a significant milestone for those who pursue a medical career within the Army. Many soldiers who train for and succeed in earning the badge do so as they view it as the “portrait of excellence” in the medical corps within the Army.