article: (CNN) -- In just the past 19 days, an estimated 63,000 people have been displaced from their homes in Somalia by fighting involving government forces and militias, combined with "general insecurity," the United Nations' refugee agency said Tuesday. Some 14,000 of that number were displaced "from and within" Somalia's capital, Mogadishu, in the past two weeks, U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees spokeswoman Roberta Russo said in a news release. Fighting in the city on January 13 between government forces and members of the Al-Shabaab and Hisb-ul-Islam militias resulted in the death of at least 10 people, some of them children, she said. In addition, the government-aligned Alu Sunna Wal Jamma militia battled Hisb-ul-Islam fighters around Belet Weyne in central Somalia on January 9, with reports of at least 30 civilians killed and 50 wounded, she said. "Thousands of people have been forced to flee from their homes and an estimated 11,900 have temporarily settled around Belet Weyne in appalling conditions," Russo wrote. There are already another 50,000 internally displaced people in the surrounding Hiraan region, bordering Ethiopia, she said. The refugee agency also estimates that about 28,800 people have been displaced in the area around the town of Dhuusamareeb, in the Galgaduud region in central Somalia, and "are in urgent need of shelter, water and health care," she said. Clashes between Alu Sunna Wal Jamma and Al-Shabaab have flared up again in recent days in the region, Russo said, referring to "sketchy reports" of 150 people killed and 80 wounded in the fighting. "As the struggle for control of the territory continues, insecurity makes it extremely difficult for aid workers to access the area and deliver vital assistance," she wrote. She did not specify where the other estimated 8,000 people were displaced from. Somalia continues to be one of the worst humanitarian crises in the world, with some 1.5 million internally displaced people and more than 560,000 people living as refugees in neighboring countries, the refugee agency says, mainly in Kenya (309,000), Yemen (163,000) and Ethiopia (59,000). CNN's David McKenzie contributed to this report.
highlights: In past 19 days, an estimated 63,000 people have been displaced from homes by fighting . U.N.: Fighting involving government forces and militias, combined with "general insecurity" Some 14,000 displaced "from and within" Somalia's capital, Mogadishu, in the past 2 weeks .
id: 45fff678c8367b1db94276cb3106501686ecb35e
chatgpt: In the past 19 days, an estimated 63,000 people have been displaced from their homes in Somalia due to ongoing fighting between government forces and militias. The United Nations reports that the conflict, compounded by "general insecurity," has caused a great deal of hardship for the Somali people. The situation is particularly dire in Mogadishu, where some 14,000 people were displaced "from and within" the city over the past two weeks alone. The U.N. has expressed concern for the well-being of these displaced persons, many of whom are now without access to food, water, or medical care. Humanitarian aid groups have been working to provide assistance to those affected by the conflict, but their efforts have been hampered by a lack of resources and access to the affected regions. Meanwhile, the situation on the ground remains unstable, with reports of continued fighting and clashes between government forces and armed groups. The U.N. has called for an immediate cessation of hostilities and for all parties to work together to find a peaceful resolution to the conflict. It has also urged the international community to provide further support to ensure the safety and well-being of displaced persons. The plight of the Somali people has drawn international attention, with many expressing alarm at the scale of the displacement and the ongoing violence. The U.N. has warned that further displacement and humanitarian crises may result if the situation is not addressed urgently. In response to the crisis, various governments and organizations have offered assistance, including providing funding and resources for humanitarian aid efforts. However, much more needs to be done to address the root causes of the conflict and to ensure the safety and security of the Somali people. As the conflict in Somalia continues, the humanitarian situation remains critical. Urgent action is needed to provide assistance and support to those affected by the fighting, and to address the underlying causes of the conflict. Only through concerted efforts by all parties can the people of Somalia find lasting peace and security.