article: By . Julian Robinson . An actor with an uncanny resemblance to Rob Ford is to take on the role of Toronto's controversial mayor in a new musical comedy. Sheldon Bergstrom, a portly 42-year-old Canadian who dyed his hair blond, said he begged producers to audition for the part in 'Rob Ford the Musical: Birth of A Ford Nation'. The musical is set to debut at Toronto's Factory Theatre in September - just over a month before the infamous politician seeks re-election. Uncanny: Actor Sheldon Bergstrom, left, is set to play the part of Rob Ford, right, in a new musical comedy about the controversial Toronto mayor . The 90-minute show has ten original tunes and sees a 'spiritual guide' leading Ford through the past year of his tumultuous life — including his admitted drug use and stint in rehab. Producers said the actor won the role over nearly 100 other hopeful actors, including one who is starring on Broadway. Mr Bergstrom said: 'All across Canada, all throughout the world, people are watching this man, this mayor of ... Canada's greatest city, and he has managed to pull off some amazing things and pull off some crazy things in his time as mayor. He added that the script gives Ford a 'fair shake' and that it was not an attempt to pick on Ford, who has gone from one controversy to another since admitting last year that he had smoked crack in a 'drunken stupor.' Lookalike: Producers said the Sheldon Bergstrom, pictured, won the role over nearly 100 other hopeful actors, including one who is starring on Broadway . The 90-minute show has ten original tunes and sees a 'spiritual guide' leading Rob Ford, pictured in 2013, through the past year of his tumultuous life - including his admitted drug use and stint in rehab. Ford returned to work in June after a two-month stint in rehab, pledging an 'unwavering' commitment to living clean. His duties as mayor have been curtailed since last year, when Toronto's City Council stripped him of most of his powers. Writer Brett McCaig said that resemblance, as well as the actor's talent, got him the part. And he hopes the show will be extended, with ambitions of going 'off-Broadway' with the production. But that will depend on the outcome of the mayoral race, he said. Doppleganger: The musical's writer Brett McCaig said that resemblance, as well as the actor's talent, got Sheldon Bergstrom, pictured, the part . Representatives for Rob Ford, pictured, have reportedly expressed indifference about the musical . 'The story dies if Rob doesn't get voted back in,' he added. 'If Rob gets voted back in, I think we've got legs for a continued run, for sure.' Rob Ford's spokesman Amin Massoudi expressed indifference about the musical, repeating a phrase that the mayor has taken to using when asked about his personal troubles: 'This is not news.' 'The mayor is concerned with running an efficient municipal government, creating jobs and building more subways in Toronto,' Massoudi said.
highlights: Sheldon Bergstrom to play role of Toronto's controversial mayor Rob Ford . Producers say resemblance and talent key as he beat 100 others to the part . The 42-year-old Canadian actor has dyed his hair blond for the musical . Rob Ford the Musical: Birth of A Ford Nation will debut in September . Show charts past year of mayor's life including his admitted drug use . The mayor's spokesman has expressed indifference to plans for the musical .
id: 6c12db781e0c0c5afebaa520fc0406768f1509d9
chatgpt: Canadian actor Sheldon Bergstrom has been chosen to play the role of Toronto's controversial mayor, Rob Ford, in a musical about the politician's life. Producers of "Rob Ford the Musical: Birth of A Ford Nation" said that Bergstrom's resemblance and talent for the part helped him beat out 100 other contenders for the role. The 42-year-old actor, who has previously appeared in TV shows and movies, has dyed his hair blond for the role. The musical, which charts the past year of Ford's life, including his admitted drug use, will debut in September. Bergstrom said he was excited to play the role of Ford in the musical, which he called "hilarious and poignant". He said the show was not meant to make fun of the mayor, but rather to tell his story in a unique and entertaining way. "I want to bring a human element to this character," Bergstrom said. "Rob Ford is someone who has made mistakes, but he is also someone who has a lot of support from his constituents. I think it's important to show that side of him as well." Ford, who has been Toronto's mayor since 2010, has been embroiled in a number of scandals during his time in office. In 2013, he made international headlines when he admitted to smoking crack cocaine while in office. He has also been accused of other forms of substance abuse and has faced allegations of misconduct in office. Despite his controversial tenure, Ford has maintained a loyal following among some Toronto residents. However, his spokesman has expressed indifference to plans for the musical. "We have no comment," he said. The musical's producers said that they hope the show will appeal to a wide audience, not just those who are familiar with Toronto politics. "This show is about much more than just Rob Ford," said producer Brett McCaig. "It's about the people who support him, the people who oppose him, and the larger-than-life world of Canadian politics." The show's director, Ed Roy, said that the musical would not shy away from the more controversial aspects of Ford's life. "We're not going to sugarcoat anything," he said. "We want to tell the story as truthfully as possible, but in a way that's entertaining and engaging for the audience." The musical's creators said that they were not worried about potential legal action from the mayor or his office. They said that the show was a work of art and that they were not afraid to push the boundaries. "At the end of the day, this is a musical," said McCaig. "It's entertainment. We're not here to vilify anyone. We're just telling a story." "Rob Ford the Musical: Birth of A Ford Nation" is set to debut in September in Toronto.