article: An NYPD officer who was filmed using possible excessive force is on paid sick leave following the incident. Evans Mazile repeatedly hit Donovan Lawson, 20, with his baton after the boy allegedly doubled up with his 15-year-old girlfriend while going through the turnstile at the Myrtle subway stop in Brooklyn on November 20, thus not paying his toll. After the young man refused to produce identification for the officer, Mazile said he would have to arrest him. Scroll down for video . Evans Mazile (left), the NYPD officer caught on film as he beat Donovan Lawson with a baton, (right) is on paid sick leave after reportedly hurting his wrist during the incident . Bad scene: Lawson, who allegedly entered a Brooklyn subway station without paying the fare, was treated at a hospital and then sent to Rikers . That's when Lawson got upset and pleaded with the officer not to arrest him according to DNA Info, saying that he was on probation following a robbery charge. Then, when Mazile grabbed Lawson and told him to sit down, a request the boy refused, things suddenly took a turn for the worse. 'Mazile punched Lawson several times in the face and even tried to overwhelm him by spraying him in mace, but Lawson blocked it with his hands,' said multiple sources. 'Then Mazile pulled out his baton, slamming Lawson on the head with enough force that the sound of the blow was clearly recorded by several shocked straphangers.' In both video and photos, it is clear that Lawson is bleeding profusely. Both men ended up being taken to the hospital, with Lawson then going to the New York City prison facility on Rikers Island and  Mazile going on a sick leave that has been paid and so far lasted three weeks. Blood: Lawson was hit so hard that his blood covered the floor of the subway and got on bystanders . Now, an investigation is being launched into the incident. Brooklyn District Attorney Ken Thompson is probing to see if too much force was used and if evidence should be presented to a grand jury. Lawson has been charged with  trespassing, resisting arrest and obstructing governmental administration and theft. At the time he was on parole for a robbery that occurred in February 2013 in which he punched and pull a BB gun on someone before stealing their cell phone and cash, for which he spent 18 months in prison. He has chosen to go to trial on the current charges rather than take a plea. As for Mazile, he has had eight previous Civilian Complaints against him, one of which came after he reportedly used excessive force while hitting a suspect in the head.
highlights: NYPD officer Evan Mazile is on paid sick leave after hurting his wrist during an incident on November 20 at the Myrtle subway stop in Brooklyn . Mazile was filmed as he violently hit Donovan Lawson, 20, with a baton after the young man allegedly didn't pay his subway fare . The Brooklyn District Attorney is now looking into the incident to see if excessive force was used and evidence should be presented to grand jury .
id: 74d08631c4105350b68d540c867fffbfceed2802
chatgpt: The New York Police Department (NYPD) is under scrutiny yet again, following a violent incident that took place at the Myrtle subway stop in Brooklyn on November 20. The incident involved NYPD officer Evan Mazile, who is now on paid sick leave after injuring his wrist during the altercation. According to witness accounts and video footage, Mazile was seen hitting Donovan Lawson, a 20-year-old Brooklyn resident, with a baton after the young man allegedly failed to pay his subway fare. The incident quickly escalated, with Mazile using excessive force and repeatedly hitting Lawson, who was on the ground and appeared to be defenseless. The incident has sparked outrage within the local community, with many calling for the NYPD to investigate the use of excessive force. The Brooklyn District Attorney has also launched an investigation into the incident and whether or not Mazile's actions were justified. Speaking to reporters, a spokesperson for the Brooklyn District Attorney's office said, "We are currently reviewing all available evidence to see if excessive force was used during this incident. If we find evidence that suggests that the officer in question acted outside the bounds of the law, we will present this evidence to a grand jury." The incident has once again highlighted concerns around police brutality and the use of excessive force within the NYPD. Over the past few years, there have been a number of high-profile cases that have led to widespread protests and calls for reform within the police force. In response to the incident, the NYPD has issued a statement saying that they take all allegations of police misconduct seriously and that they are fully cooperating with the investigation. A spokesperson for the department also said that Mazile has been placed on paid sick leave for the time being, pending the outcome of the investigation. Speaking to reporters, Mayor Bill de Blasio said, "We take these incidents very seriously and we will not tolerate any form of police misconduct. We will continue to work with the community and the NYPD to ensure that incidents like this are not repeated." The incident has also reignited calls for reform within the NYPD, with many calling for increased transparency and oversight of police actions. Advocacy groups have also called for the implementation of body cameras on all police officers, in an effort to increase transparency and accountability within the police force. As the investigation into the incident continues, many are calling for swift action to be taken against those responsible for the use of excessive force. It remains to be seen what the outcome of the investigation will be, but one thing is clear – incidents like this only serve to erode trust between law enforcement and the communities they serve.