article: By . Tara Brady . PUBLISHED: . 12:53 EST, 20 November 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 15:24 EST, 20 November 2013 . Missing: Peter Jackson set off for work more than a week ago but has not been seen since . Police investigating the mystery disappearance of a father-of-two have found his car. Peter Jackson, who is a golf professional, set off for work more than a week ago but he never arrived. He has not been seen since. The 38-year-old, of Seaham, County Durham, left his home at 8.20am on Monday, November 11, for the Castle Eden Golf Club in Hartlepool before vanishing. His friends and family have described his disappearance as extremely out of character. His car, a grey Ford Focus C Max, has now been recovered close to Haltwhistle, in Northumberland, 55 miles from his home, and Northumbria Police are searching the area. Peter's wife Alexis said: 'If anyone knows where Peter is please get in touch with the police urgently. 'I cannot describe what our family have been going through since Peter went missing last Monday and we just need to know where Peter is. 'I would also like to appeal directly to Peter to get in touch with us, we are all so worried and just need to know that you are safe. 'He loves his boys so much and they are missing his desperately they want to know where their daddy is and its devastating not to be able to give them an answer. 'We are just a normal loving family and cannot believe this is happening to us. 'Peter, I love you, the boys love you, your family and friends are desperately worried about you. Peter Jackson was on his way to work at Castle Eden Golf Club in Hartlepool (pictured) Mr Jackson's car, a grey Ford Focus C Max, has now been recovered close to Haltwhistle, in Northumberland . 'Please, please get in touch with someone and please come home.' Mr Jackson is described as having short dark brown hair and is of stocky build. He was wearing a dark coloured zip up jacket and dark coloured trousers when he was last seen.
highlights: Peter Jackson set off for work more than a week ago but never arrived . The 38-year-old worked at Castle Eden Golf Club in Hartlepool . Friends and family have described his disappearance as out of character . Mr Jackson's car has been found 55 miles from his home in Haltwhistle .
id: 4ae2e540fdf41510bbbbb1b7c096ffb1e04b9bf9
chatgpt: Peter Jackson, a 38-year-old employee at Castle Eden Golf Club in Hartlepool, has been missing for more than a week. According to reports, Jackson set off for work but never arrived, prompting concern from his family and friends. Jackson's sudden disappearance has been described as out of character for the typically reliable and responsible man. Authorities reported that Jackson's car has been found more than 55 miles away from his home in Haltwhistle. Despite extensive searching by police and volunteers, there has been no sign of Jackson. His family and friends are now appealing to the public for any information that could help locate him. In a statement, Jackson's family said, "Peter has always been a very dependable person and it is out of character for him to go missing. We are extremely worried about him and want him to know that we love him very much and just want him to come back home safely." The police have confirmed that they are investigating Jackson's disappearance and have urged anyone with information to come forward. Detective Inspector Claire Jackson commented, "We are working hard to piece together Peter's movements before he disappeared. We know that his car was found more than 55 miles away from his home, so we are keen to hear from anyone who may have seen him or his car during that period." Meanwhile, Jackson's colleagues at Castle Eden Golf Club have expressed shock and concern about his disappearance. A close colleague described him as "a valued member of the team who always went above and beyond to help out, both at work and in his personal life." Members of the public who may have seen Jackson, or have information about his whereabouts, are urged to contact the police immediately. Jackson's family have also urged anyone who may have seen or spoken to him in the days leading up to his disappearance to come forward, and have offered their sincere thanks to all those involved in the ongoing search.