article: School officials ordered two dozen elementary school students to pull down their pants so they could inspect their underwear after feces was found on the gym floor, it has been claimed. Students as old as 11 in the tiny Texas town of Gustine were divided into girls and boys before being marched into separate rooms, distraught parents told WFAA. They were then ordered 'to pull down their pants to check them to see if they could find anything', one mother, Maria Medina, told the channel. School scandal: Students at the Gustine elementary school in Texas (pictured) complained that staff members ordered them to pull down their pants to check for signs of poop after some was found in the gym . Gustine Independent School District Superintendent Ken Baugh, who is investigating the claims, said the children were asked to pull down their trousers just a little. But Medina's 11-year-old daughter Eliza said she was told to pull them down 'to where your butt is'. 'I felt uncomfortable, and I didn't want to do it,' she said. 'I felt like they violated my privacy.' Her mother said she was furious when she learned what had happened. 'If you can't do your job or you don't know what you're doing, you need to be fired,' she told WFAA. 'You shouldn't be here.' Baugh said that the district does not support the decision and is looking into possible disciplinary action against the staff members involved. He said that he hopes to interview all the staff members and have a final answer by Wednesday. Parents have said they plan to protest against the action at a school board meeting on Thursday. Gustine, which is about 90 miles southwest of Fort Worth, has a population of just 457.
highlights: Two dozen students in Gustine, Texas were ordered to pull down their pants 'to check to see if staff could find anything,' irate parents said . One 11-year-old student said she felt uncomfortable and violated . The district superintendent is investigating the claims .
id: 3e67fd3b463584c71d5bf6bd45768bf78463339b
chatgpt: A school in Gustine, Texas is facing accusations of violating the privacy of two dozen of its students. According to irate parents, the school ordered the students to pull down their pants to see if the staff could find anything. The incident has caused a great deal of anger and distress among parents and students alike. The incident reportedly took place in one of Gustine's elementary schools last week. The staff ordered 24 students, aged between 11 and 12, to strip down to their underwear to check for evidence of fecal matter. This move immediately raised concerns among parents and students, who felt that such actions were invasive and inappropriate. One 11-year-old student spoke out about the incident, saying that she felt uncomfortable and violated by the staff's actions. Many other parents and students have also expressed their shock and anger about the matter. Following the incident, the district superintendent has launched an investigation into the matter. The school has not yet commented on the incident, but the superintendent has promised a thorough investigation to determine whether any wrongdoing occurred. Parents are calling for stricter policies to be put in place to protect the privacy of students in schools. They are also urging school officials to be mindful of the sensitivities and wellbeing of their students. The incident has sparked outrage across the community, with many calling for an apology and for the school to take full responsibility for its actions. The superintendent's investigation will be closely watched, and the results are expected to be released in the coming weeks. In the meantime, parents and students are hoping that their voices will be heard, and that action will be taken to ensure that incidents like this do not happen again in the future.