article: By . Zoe Szathmary for MailOnline . A woman posted a video apology to Facebook as part of her sentence for harassing someone on social media. Fox8 said that a judge determined Ohio woman Alexua Aikens, 21, 'had previously posted a 10-minute video cyberbullying another woman.' Judge Pinkey Carr told the affiliate station 'And so I said [to Aikens] "If you would like to enter a plea, I said I'm going to tell you now. You're going to have some obligations, and one of them will be the same mechanism that you used to commit this crime - what I call cyberbulling, assault, menacing, threatening - you're gonna use that same mechanism to apologize."' Scroll down for video . Judge: Judge Pinkey Carr, pictured, ordered Alexua Aikens to apologize for cyberbullying by posting a video apology to Facebook . Aikens' taped Facebook apology, obtained by Fox8, said in part 'Now knowing that my actions were not an intelligent decision, I am truly sorry for my actions, and I have learned to make better decisions. 'I would also like to state that I learned from all mistakes, and I was very irresponsible.' Aikens 'was also ordered to get her G.E.D. and to serve a year probation,' Fox 8 said. Speaking about the sentence, Carr told the affiliate station, 'It's not only to protect the public, but then again I want to rehabilitate the offender and I want to send a clear message to other people, the conduct that she engaged in - I mean it was totally improper. 'You know, it's not something - no one wants to be bullied, let alone when it's a cyberbullying, a face-to-face. 'At the end of the day, every person on this Earth - I mean you have your right to live your life without being threatened or intimidated by somebody, even if it's through Facebook or YouTube.' 'I am truly sorry for my actions': Aikens posted her apology to Facebook .
highlights: Alexua Aikens, 211 reportedly cyberbullied a woman in a 10-minute Facebook video . Judge Pinkey Carr said Aikens had to post a video apology to Facebook in a similar manner . Aikens must also complete a year of probation and earn a GED .
id: 4403533bc2896dd1ec95034b6dbcbb0f7f7ce6fa
chatgpt: Alexua Aikens, who is 21 years old, has been found guilty of cyberbullying a woman in a 10-minute Facebook video. Judge Pinkey Carr has ordered Aikens to post a video apology to Facebook in a similar manner. In addition, Aikens must complete a year of probation and earn a General Education Development (GED) certificate. According to reports, the victim of the cyberbullying was left traumatised by the incident. Aikens had reportedly made derogatory comments about the woman's appearance and had encouraged her followers to do the same. The video had been viewed by hundreds of people before it was taken down. During the trial, Judge Carr emphasised the seriousness of cyberbullying and the impact it can have on individuals. She stated that the video had caused the victim to feel humiliated and embarrassed, and that it was important for Aikens to recognise the harm she had caused. As part of her sentence, Aikens will also be required to complete a programme aimed at addressing the issue of cyberbullying. The course will focus on the effects of cyberbullying and ways to prevent it from happening. By completing this programme, Aikens will gain a better understanding of the damage that can be caused by her actions. Aikens has been given a year to complete her probation, during which time she will be required to remain crime-free and attend regular check-ins with her probation officer. If she fails to comply with these conditions, she could face further legal action. The case has highlighted the prevalence of cyberbullying in today's society and the need for stronger measures to be taken to prevent it. It is important for individuals to be aware of the impact their actions can have on others and to think twice before posting anything online that may be hurtful or offensive. In conclusion, Alexua Aikens has been found guilty of cyberbullying and has received a sentence of probation, a GED certificate and a requirement to post a video apology on Facebook. It is hoped that this case will serve as a warning to others and help prevent cyberbullying in the future.