article: Los Angeles (CNN) -- Grammy-winning and multiplatinum-selling rapper Lil Wayne suffered a seizure and "is recovering," his record label's publicist said Friday. The New Orleans artist arguably occupies the highest rungs of the hip-hop world, but he shares them with fellow rapper Drake, who hails from Toronto. Drake appeared at the Los Angeles hospital, where Lil Wayne is being treated, with an entourage of Wayne's friends. They pulled up chairs in the hallway near his room and set up a vigil. Twitter has lit up with rumors, spreading fears of the worst for Wayne's outcome, but a Tweet in his name attempted to calm the tempest. Lil Wayne's ready for rap retirement . "I'm good everybody," read a message from Lil Wayne's Twitter account. "Thnx for the prayers and love." While acknowledging a medical issue, members of the New Orleans artist's camp have shot down reports that he was near death. "Dont believe the nonsense about comas and tubes to breathe ... that's false!!" tweeted Mack Maine, the president of Lil Wayne's Young Money label, around 5:20 p.m. (8:20 p.m. ET) Friday. Sarah Cunningham, a publicist with the Young Money record label, acknowledged that Lil Wayne had a seizure. The public relations department at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center, the Los Angeles hospital where the rapper is reportedly being treated, did not confirm or deny that Lil Wayne is there, per its policy. Maine didn't offer much detail, though he did say that he and Lil Wayne had been watching the Syracuse University Orange play Georgetown in the Big East men's basketball tournament. "Wayne is alive and well!" the record label president wrote on Twitter. The rapper's independent publicist, Kia Selby, said only, "Lil Wayne is doing well." She strongly denied reports he was in a medically induced coma, as reported by TMZ. Born Dwayne Carter, Lil Wayne is one of the rap world's most successful artists. He won best rap album for "Tha Carter III" at the 2008 Grammy awards, and took home three more Grammys the following year. Beyond winning over critics, he's also been a commercial success. Last September, Billboard reported the rapper had tallied 109 hits on its Hot 100, surpassing the record previously held by Elvis Presley. But he's also run into trouble outside the studio and stage. Lil Wayne was arrested in 2007 outside New York City's Beacon Theater after police said they found a .40-caliber pistol on his tour bus. He ended up pleading guilty to felony gun charges and spending eight months at New York's Rikers Island jail. CNN's Denise Quan reported from Los Angeles and CNN's Greg Botelho wrote this story from Atlanta.
highlights: NEW: Fellow rapper Drake and other friends set up vigil outside his room . "I'm good everybody," Lil Wayne writes on Twitter . Lil Wayne suffers a seizure and "is recovering," his record label's publicist says . Lil Wayne is a Grammy-winning and multiplatinum selling artist .
id: b8343b80fdabfe9f09528b00a1854a5d36aafc28
chatgpt: Rapper Lil Wayne has been in the news recently after he suffered a seizure and was hospitalized. The multiplatinum selling artist is now said to be recovering, according to the publicist for his record label. His fans have been eagerly monitoring any updates on his condition, and fellow rapper Drake even set up a vigil outside his room to show support. Lil Wayne, whose real name is Dwayne Michael Carter Jr, took to Twitter to provide reassurance to his fans. He tweeted, "I'm good everybody. Thx for the prayers and love." The message was a relief to many of his fans, who were worried about his health. Lil Wayne has been a hugely popular figure in the rap world for years. He has won numerous awards, including multiple Grammys, and his albums have been certified multiplatinum. His music has been praised by critics and fans alike for its innovative style, which blends hip-hop and rock influences. The rapper's most recent album, "Funeral," was released earlier this year to critical acclaim. It debuted at number one on the Billboard 200 chart, cementing Lil Wayne's status as one of the biggest names in hip-hop. Over the years, Lil Wayne has faced his fair share of health issues. In 2013, he revealed that he has epilepsy and has suffered from seizures in the past. He has been hospitalized multiple times due to the condition. Despite his health problems, Lil Wayne has continued to perform and create music. His resilience in the face of adversity has been an inspiration to many of his fans. The news of his recent seizure has been met with an outpouring of support from the music community and beyond. Many of Lil Wayne's celebrity friends, including Drake, have expressed their well-wishes and have set up vigils outside his room to show their support. At the time of writing, there has been no comment from Lil Wayne's representatives on when he is expected to be discharged from the hospital. However, his fans will undoubtedly be relieved to hear that he is on the road to recovery. In the rap world, Lil Wayne has been a trailblazer, pushing the genre to new heights with his unique style and innovative approach to music. His influence can be felt in the work of countless artists who have followed in his footsteps. As the music world awaits further updates on his condition, Lil Wayne's fans will no doubt continue to show their love and support for the rapper who has become such an important figure in the world of hip-hop.