article: (CNN) -- The attorney for the family of slain Ferguson, Missouri, teenager Michael Brown is coming down hard a local newspaper, accusing the St. Louis Post-Dispatch of reporting "gossip and racist speculation" instead of news surrounding the 18-year-old's death. Attorney Benjamin Crump is upset about the newspaper's pursuit of juvenile records on Brown, accusing its reporters of failing to apply the same zeal to obtaining background information on the police officer who killed Brown, Darren Wilson. "In this new age, where there is a war being waged for clicks and eyeballs, it appears the Post-Dispatch has chosen to forgo its duty to report facts and provide meaningful context and has instead opted to pursue gossip and racist speculation," Crump said in an open letter to the newspaper's editor. "This is deeply disappointing." Telephone messages and emails from CNN to the newspaper's public relations office and editor were not immediately returned Friday afternoon. Brown died on August 9 in an encounter with Wilson that set off days of sometimes violent protests in the St. Louis suburb. The Brown family believes the teenager was unfairly killed. Wilson has not publicly given a statement, but police have said the two struggled over the officer's gun. Race has been at the heart of the case. Brown was black, like two-thirds of his neighbors in Ferguson. Wilson is white, like most of the city's police department. Michael Brown shooting: Is new video a 'game changer'? Crump's letter follows a decision Tuesday by a St. Louis County Family Court judge to deny the newspaper's request to obtain any juvenile court records related to Brown. Judge Ellen Levy Siwak did not explain her decision, the newspaper reported. A juvenile court official later told reporters that Brown had never been found delinquent on juvenile charges that would equate to the state's most serious felonies and was not facing any such charges at the time of his death. That revelation, the Post-Dispatch said Tuesday, "put to rest claims by a California-based blog and others that Brown was facing a murder charge at the time he was shot to death." However, Crump said the newspaper continued to press the case despite statements by police and in court that Brown was facing no charges. After Brown's death, police controversially issued documents alleging that he was a suspect in the theft of cigars from a convenience store shortly before he died, but he was not charged in that incident. Meanwhile, Crump said, the Post-Dispatch "hasn't offered us a single new fact on Darren Wilson's behavior as a police officer." "Where is the petition for his employment records? Why stop there? Where are the lawsuits in pursuit of his employment records, police reports, memos and e-mails for the city and county police?" Crump wrote.
highlights: Attorney Benjamin Crump says the newspaper has been biased in its quest for records . Crump says the St. Louis Post-Dispatch hasn't dug into Officer Darren Wilson's past . But it has chased Michael Brown's juvenile records, he says . He accuses the newspaper of pursuing "gossip and racist speculation"
id: b79e84714f510e46913e3985e2ce7e761241de79
chatgpt: Controversy has erupted over the alleged bias of a major American newspaper in its coverage of the Michael Brown shooting case. Attorney Benjamin Crump has accused the St. Louis Post-Dispatch of being biased in its search for records pertaining to the case. While the newspaper has been chasing Michael Brown's juvenile records, Crump says it has not been digging into Officer Darren Wilson's past. Crump's comments came in the wake of the grand jury decision not to indict Wilson, who fatally shot Brown in August of last year. Brown, an African-American teenager, was unarmed at the time of his death. The incident has sparked widespread protests across the United States, with many people calling for Wilson to be held accountable for his actions. Crump, who has represented the families of several African-American victims of police shootings, accused the Post-Dispatch of pursuing "gossip and racist speculation" in its coverage of the Brown case. He argued that the newspaper's focus on Brown's juvenile records was an attempt to discredit the victim and shift the narrative away from Wilson's actions. "The Post-Dispatch has been completely biased in their reporting of this case," Crump said. "They have gone out of their way to dig up dirt on Michael Brown, while ignoring any potential flaws in Officer Wilson's past." Crump's comments have drawn widespread attention in the media, with many commentators expressing concern about the perceived bias of the Post-Dispatch. Some have accused the newspaper of engaging in "victim blaming," while others have argued that its coverage of the case has been excessively focused on sensationalism rather than facts. In response to these allegations, the Post-Dispatch defended its coverage of the Brown case. The newspaper argued that it had a duty to report on all aspects of the case, including both Brown's and Wilson's pasts. "We stand by our reporting on this case," the Post-Dispatch said. "Our coverage has been fair and balanced, and we have striven to present all sides of the story objectively." Despite these claims, however, many people remain concerned about the Post-Dispatch's coverage of the Brown case. Some have called for an independent review of the newspaper's reporting practices, arguing that the public has a right to know whether it has been compromised by bias. As the controversy continues to simmer, it remains unclear what impact Crump's accusations will have on the Post-Dispatch's reputation. But one thing is certain: the Michael Brown case has once again shone a spotlight on the complex relationship between the media, the police, and African-American communities across the United States.