article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . She was seeking her first LPGA major title and, after a faltness win at the Kraft Nabisco Championship, Lexi Thompson took a victors leap. 'It was everything I imagined,' the 19-year-old said of her cannonball into Poppie’s Pond, a tradition for tournament winners at the Mission Hills Country Club in Rancho Mirage, California. The Florida teen played a near-flawless game on Sunday, obliterating what was meant to an epic desert duel between her and the biggest name in women's golf, Michelle Wie, who finished three shots behind in second, according to Golf Week. Bombs away: Lexi Thompson with her caddie Benji Thompson (left) and family make the traditional jump into Poppy's Pond after her three shot win during the final round of the 2014 Kraft Nabisco Championship at Mission Hills Country Club on April 6, 2014 in Rancho Mirage, California . Lexi Thompson jumps into Poppy's Pond after winning the Kraft Nabisco Championship golf tournament . Wide shot: Lexi Thompson of the USA jumps with her caddie and family into Poppy's Pond . 'It was everything I imagined,' Lexi Thompson said of her cannonball into Poppie¿s Pond, a tradition for tournament winners at the Mission Hills Country Club . Lexi Thompson celebrates with her caddy Benji Thompson after the final round of the Kraft Nabisco Championship golf tournament . Lexi Thompson proudly holds the trophy after her three shot win during the final round of the 2014  Kraft Nabisco Championship . 'She played probably the best I’ve ever seen her play,' said Wie of her opponent. 'She hit the ball so well. She made everything.' Thompson, the second youngest player to win a major behind Morgan Pressel, shot a Sunday best 4-under 68 for a 14-under 274 total and a three-stroke victory over Wie, who birdied the last. The dive in the pond was almost overshadowed by Thompson's caddie, Benji Thompson - no relation - who somersaulted into the water. He said Lexi took an aggressive game plan and it paid off. 'That’s her strength, so that’s what we try to use,' he said. 'No need to lay back to where everybody else is.' Beer bath: Lexi Thompson smiles as she is showered with beer after winning the Kraft Nabisco Championship golf tournament . Lexi Thompson of the USA makes her final walk to the 18th green on her way to her three shot win followed by her playing partner Michelle Wie of the USA during the final round of the 2014 Kraft Nabisco Championship . Lexi Thompson tees off on the 13th hole during the final round of the 2014 Kraft Nabisco Championship . Lexi Thompson plays her second shot on the 10th hole during the final round of the 2014 Kraft Nabisco Championship . At age 12, Thompson was the youngest golfer ever to qualify to play in the U.S. Women's Open. She turned professional in June 2010 at the age of 15. On September 18, 2011, aged 16, Thompson set a new record as the youngest-ever winner of an LPGA tournament.
highlights: Lexi Thompson, 19, of Florida, won the Kraft Nabisco Championship in Rancho Mirage, California, on Sunday . She took a traditional leap into the Poppie's Pond following the 19th ninth, alongside her caddy and members of her family . Thompson is the second youngest major winner after Morgan Pressel, who set the mark in 2007 at Mission Hills aged 18 . Thompson beat out Michelle Wie, 24, the most recognized name in women's golf .
id: dbfd44e667bdeeb17295ab40d123ddae70d3daff
chatgpt: Lexi Thompson, a 19-year-old golfer from Florida, took home the top prize at the Kraft Nabisco Championship in Rancho Mirage, California on Sunday. Thompson played an impressive game, ultimately besting Michelle Wie, the most recognized name in women's golf, to claim the major championship title. Thompson's victory is especially noteworthy because she is now the second youngest major winner in the history of women's professional golf. The record was previously held by Morgan Pressel, who achieved the feat at Mission Hills in 2007 at just 18 years old. After competing fiercely throughout the tournament, Thompson clinched the title with a traditional leap into Poppie's Pond, which took place following the 19th hole. She was accompanied by her caddy as well as several members of her family, who were on hand to witness her historic victory. Michelle Wie had been highly favored going into the tournament, but Thompson was able to outshine the seasoned veteran with a remarkable five-under 67 in the final round. Thompson finished at 14-under 274 overall, three shots ahead of Wie, who came in second place. Thompson's victory at the Kraft Nabisco Championship could be a sign of great things to come for her career. She has already proven herself to be an incredibly talented golfer, winning her first LPGA Tour title at age 16. But this major championship win firmly establishes her as one of the top up-and-coming golfers in the world. In addition to her incredible performance on the golf course, Thompson has also been highly praised for her sportsmanship and positive attitude. She is known for being gracious in both victory and defeat, and her dedication to the sport has earned her a legion of fans. Thompson's win at the Kraft Nabisco Championship is sure to inspire countless young golfers around the world. Many will no doubt look to her as a role model, striving to follow in her footsteps and achieve their own dreams of success on the course. For now, though, it is clear that Lexi Thompson is the new face of women's golf. With her talent, humility, and dedication, she is poised to become one of the sport's top stars for years to come. And her fans couldn't be more excited to cheer her on every step of the way.