article: By . John Drayton . Olivier Giroud believes the French . national team have come a long way since their turbulent World Cup . campaign in 2010 and he wants to prove it in Brazil. France imploded in South Africa four . years ago, with the players boycotting training after Nicolas Anelka was . sent home for verbally abusing then-coach Raymond Domenech. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Laurent Koscielny talk about the France's World Cup chances . All smiles: Giroud (third top left) poses with the France team for an official team photo before Brazil 2014 . Smile, chaps! Franck Ribery (left) sits alongside boss Didier Deschamps in the official team photo . Their . subsequent failure to reach the knockout stages, finishing bottom of . their group, led to a rift between the team and the French public. There were also reports of unrest within the squad following a 2-0 defeat to Sweden in the group stage of Euro 2012, which hardly helped matters. But . Giroud has told Arsenal's official website that they have now . reconciled those differences and have the full support of French fans . ahead of this year's showpiece. 'I . am looking forward to the World Cup a lot,' he told Arsenal Player. 'It . will be amazing in Brazil and a really good opportunity for France to . bounce back. 'We had a big . disappointment at the last one but it is part of the past. Now we have a . really good squad so we have a good chance. Stalemate: Giroud was in action earlier this month in France's 1-1 draw with Paraguay . Downfall: There was unrest among the France team following their defeat by Sweden at Euro 2012 . French flops: France players look on following their disastrous group stage exit in 2010 . 'Yes . [the fans still talk about the 1998 World Cup] because for the French . people that will always be a fantastic memory. They're expecting a lot . from us. 'We have shown . them that we are better than one or two years ago. We have really . reconciled with them because of our good results. 'We . had bad memories from the World Cup and the last Euros, but they are . behind us and 1998 is the past - you have to look forward. We have the . support of the French people, so that is a good thing for us.' Thumbs up from me: Olivier Giroud gives a thumbs up as he relaxes by a pool with his wife Jennifer earlier this month . I've got your back: The couple enjoyed eachother's company during a family holiday in Monaco . Relaxed: Giroud takes in the sun as he prepares to fly off with France for the World Cup in Brazil . Soak up the sun: Jennifer Giroud appears to have patched up her marriage with Olivier, after the Arsenal striker was caught with a model in a hotel room back in February .
highlights: French striker claims side have put past tournament collapses behind them . Positive results have seen France fans and the national team reconcile . France begin World Cup campaign against Honduras on June 15 .
id: 26f5722b662558420b4a2eeefd8f8364b27f05a4
chatgpt: As the countdown to the World Cup in Brazil continues, French striker Olivier Giroud has claimed that his side have put past tournament collapses behind them, fueling optimism for the upcoming campaign. With the 2010 World Cup in South Africa and the 2012 European Championship in Poland and Ukraine marred by controversy and early exits, France have struggled to make an impact in international football in recent years. However, Giroud believes his side's performance over the past year and a half has shown that they are on the road to redemption. Speaking to reporters ahead of France's opening game against Honduras on June 15, Giroud said, "We feel that we are on the right track, that we have put the problems of the past behind us. We are mentally ready for this tournament." Giroud's optimism is shared by France coach Didier Deschamps, who was at the helm of the national team during their disastrous showing at Euro 2012. Since then, Deschamps has overseen a transformation of the squad, bringing in new blood and instilling a winning mentality. The positive results have seen France fans and the national team reconcile. Following the team's qualifying campaign, which included a stunning 3-0 win over Ukraine in the playoff round, French supporters have shown renewed enthusiasm for their team, flooding social media with messages of support and flocking to see them play. "We feel the support of the French people," said Giroud. "We know that they have been through the tough times with us, and we are determined to repay their faith." France's World Cup campaign begins on June 15 with a game against Honduras in Porto Alegre. While they are favorites to win the match, Giroud and his teammates know that they cannot afford to take their opponents lightly. "We have studied their style of play and we know what they are capable of," said Giroud. "We will have to be focused from the start and give everything we have." France's chances of making it out of the group stage received a boost earlier this week when star midfielder Franck Ribery was declared fit to play after recovering from a back injury. Ribery, who was instrumental in France's qualification, will be hoping to replicate his club form with Bayern Munich on the international stage. Despite the renewed optimism, Giroud and his teammates know that they have a long road ahead of them. If they make it to the knockout stages, they could face some of the tournament's heavyweights, including Germany and hosts Brazil. But for now, Giroud is focusing on the challenge at hand. "This World Cup is a chance for us to show the world that we are back," he said. "We are hungry, we are determined, and we are ready to do whatever it takes to win."