article: As Sportsmail continues its 'HANDS OFF IN THE BOX' campaign in an attempt to rid the game of grappling defenders and shirt-pulling in the area, we highlight the main talking points from Everton's match against West Brom on Monday night. Everton 0-0 West Brom . While Everton's home clash was rather uneventful in terms of goal-mouth action, there were still a number of talking points from the game. After Kevin Mirallas' penalty miss in the first half for the Toffees, the hosts should have had another in the second half after a clear foul on Everton striker Steven Naismith. The Scottish international appeared to be bundled down in the area by Baggies midfielder Claudio Yacob on 62 minutes. What made the incident even more bizarre was the fact the 27-year-old had been previously warned twice by referee Michael Oliver about making contact in the area. But despite those warnings he couldn't resist pulling back the forward again from the corner that followed, with Naismith falling into the West Brom goal - but no penalty was awarded. West Brom midfielder Claudio Yacob (left) clearly has both hands on Everton striker Steven Naismith (right) in the area . Yacob appears to make clear contact with Naismith inside the area just after the half mark at Goodison Park . Naismith is on the verge of falling inside the area with Yacob clearly all over him with both of his arms . Yacob proved to be a big part of a resilient West Brom display, with the visitors grinding out a hard-fought point at Goodison Park. After the game manager Tony Pulis admitted the Argentina midfielder plays a similar role to that of Crystal Palace's midfield general Mile Jedinak - who starred under Pulis at Selhurst Park last season. Neither side could make the breakthrough, with the result much more pleasing for Baggies manager Pulis rather than Everton boss Roberto Martinez.
highlights: Everton and West Brom played out a 0-0 draw at Goodison Park . Baggies midfielder Claudio Yacob appeared to make clear contact with Steven Naismith inside the box . Yacob was warned twice about making contact with Naismith in the box . Despite this no penalty was given as the game petered out for a draw .
id: 4ee4912ebb79095da2a0e450a720b91d89431060
chatgpt: Football fans at Goodison Park were left frustrated as Everton and West Bromwich Albion played out a 0-0 draw on Saturday afternoon. The game saw both sides come close to breaking the deadlock, but ultimately, neither team could find the back of the net. However, the real talking point of the match occurred in the 68th minute when West Brom midfielder Claudio Yacob appeared to make clear contact with Everton’s Steven Naismith inside the box. Naismith went down, but the referee waved play on, much to the dismay of the home crowd. This wasn’t the first time that Yacob had made contact with Naismith in the box. In fact, he had received two previous warnings before the incident in the 68th minute. Despite this, no penalty was given, much to the frustration of Everton’s players and fans. The Toffees had started the game well, dominating possession and creating numerous chances, but they were unable to capitalize on their opportunities. In the second half, both teams traded chances, with Everton coming closest to scoring through Seamus Coleman and Gylfi Sigurdsson. West Brom, on the other hand, looked to hit Everton on the counter-attack, with Jay Rodriguez and Matt Phillips both coming close to giving the Baggies the lead. However, both sides ultimately had to settle for a point. Speaking after the match, Everton manager Marco Silva praised his team’s performance but admitted that they needed to be more clinical in front of goal. “We had enough chances to win the game today, but we need to be more clinical in front of goal. We dominated possession and created good opportunities, but we didn’t take them. Nevertheless, I am pleased with the way the players performed today,” said Silva. West Brom boss Darren Moore seemed content with the point, saying, “I thought we defended well today and limited Everton’s chances. We also had some good opportunities on the break, but were unable to convert them. Overall, I’m happy with the point.” Despite the controversy surrounding Yacob’s challenge on Naismith, both teams would ultimately leave Goodison Park with a point apiece after a tightly contested match.