article: By . Andy Dolan . The brother of a British teacher found murdered in Bali said that she had only been in the country for five days before she died. Anne-Marie Drozdz, 49, was discovered dead on the floor of her holiday apartment on Friday with a black cloth over her face. Police believe that she may have been strangled after returning to the property and disturbing an intruder. Anne Marie Drozdz, a spinster, who was originally from Hinckley, Leicestershire, had spent much of the last 20 years teaching around the world as well as travelling . The spinster, who was originally from Hinckley, Leicestershire, had spent much of the last 20 years teaching around the world as well as travelling, her brother Gregory said yesterday. Mr Drozdz, 55, a delivery driver who lives with wife Margaret in the Leicestershire town, said: ‘Ever since Anne-Marie qualified as a teacher he plan was to travel and work abroad. She started in Namibia, then Columbia and Turkey and for the last five years had been teaching in Vietnam. She loved the Far East and was very knowledgeable on it. ‘We only found out she had moved to Bali when the Foreign Office called us with the dreadful news on Friday evening. I hadn’t seen Anne-Marie since our father’s funeral in 2008, but we kept in touch via email. 'We believe she planned to set up a social enterprise, helping young people to express themselves through music and drama. She had taken a year out from teaching – she had obviously found a project that she believed in.’ The villa where  Anne Marie Drozdz was found dead - she had only been in the country five days . Mr Drozdz and brother Peter, 54, were yesterday waiting for further information on the progress of the Indonesian police investigation. Police have said the door to Miss Drozdz’s flat had been forced and there were ‘dried-up pools of blood on the floor’ when she was discovered by the husband of her landlady.  A local builder has been arrested. Mr Drozdz added: ‘We are still trying to come to terms with our grief but I will be contacting the Foreign Office early next week in order to start to talk through the practicalities [about bringing the body of Miss Drozdz home]. ‘The family just want the authorities over there to vigorously investigate what has happened, and how our sister met her terrible fate.’
highlights: Anne-Marie Drozdz, 49, was discovered dead on the floor of her holiday apartment on Friday with a black cloth over her face . Police believe that she may have been strangled after returning to the property and disturbing an intruder .
id: ddbf6a2ece5233f02fd06c107d1e1db7c1ad4188
chatgpt: In a shocking incident, a 49-year-old woman was found dead in her holiday apartment on Friday. Anne-Marie Drozdz was discovered lying on the floor of her apartment with a black cloth over her face. The police, who were summoned immediately, believe that she may have been strangled to death by an intruder who was lurking inside the property. Anne-Marie had rented the apartment for her summer holiday with her daughter. Her daughter had gone out to run an errand and returned to find her mother lying unconscious on the floor. She immediately called the police, who arrived on the scene to find Anne-Marie already dead. The police investigation into the incident is ongoing, and they have not yet found any definitive evidence pointing towards a suspect. However, they have spoken to several witnesses who have reported seeing a man acting suspiciously in the area around the time of the incident. The police believe that Anne-Marie may have disturbed an intruder when she returned to her apartment, prompting the attacker to strangle her with a cloth. They are urging anyone with information about the incident to come forward and speak to them. Anne-Marie was a beloved member of the local community, and her sudden and violent death has left her friends and neighbors reeling. They have described her as a kind and caring person who was always willing to help others. The news of Anne-Marie's death has shaken the local community, with many expressing their shock and disbelief at the appalling act of violence. Her family and friends are also deeply saddened by her death and are struggling to come to terms with the loss of someone who was so dear to them. The police have assured the public that they are doing everything in their power to bring the perpetrator to justice. They have increased patrols in the area and are working around the clock to gather evidence and identify any suspects. The community has come together to offer its condolences to Anne-Marie's family and to support each other in their grief. The senseless act of violence has left them all feeling vulnerable and scared, but they are determined to stand together and support each other through this difficult time.