article: By . Steve Nolan . PUBLISHED: . 04:25 EST, 11 May 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 04:25 EST, 11 May 2013 . Superfan: Michael Foyle pictured queuing outside the Theatre Royal in Norwich for tickets to see singer Daniel O'Donnell . A Daniel O'Donnell superfan camped outside a theatre for two days to get tickets for his family to see their idol. Grandfather-of-five Michael Doyle queued at the Theatre Royal in Norwich, Norfolk, to make sure he was first in line to get tickets to see the popular Irish singer when his tour arrives there later this year. The 67-year-old traveled down to the city from Lincoln on Wednesday night armed with a flask, comfortable seat, sleeping bag and his Kindle and picked his space on the pavement outside at 1am on Thursday morning ahead of tickets going on sale today. Theatre staff looked after Mr Foyle, providing him with extra food and drink. Mr Foyle said: 'I'm queuing for four tickets - one for myself, one for my wife Sandra, who is the main Daniel O'Donnell fan in the family, my daughter Deborah Brown, 32, and my granddaughter Bethany Jackson, 14. 'My wife has followed Daniel for about 20 years. 'I don't mind doing it. I do it for my family. 'I have had a lot of people coming up to me to ask me what I'm doing, but they have all been nice. 'They thought I was protesting against something. I expected that more people would have joined the queue.' The family has already seen Daniel perform in Nottingham, London, Edinburgh, Bristol, Halifax and Bradford. And Mr Foyle's 57-and-a-half hour queuing stint is not the first time he has camped out for tickets - he queued overnight in Bournemouth last year. John Bultitude, Norwich Theatre Royal spokesman, said: 'The days of people camping out in large numbers and queuing for tickets are becoming more of a thing of the past with the popularity of internet and telephone booking. Popular: Singer Daniel O'Donnell has sold more than 10million records in a career spanning more than 25 years . 'There are still a handful of customers who enjoy the camaraderie and atmosphere of queuing up outside the theatre to be the first to get tickets in their hands. 'They see it as part of the experience when it comes to a popular performer like Daniel O'Donnell.' Affectionately known as 'Wee Daniel', O'Donnell has enjoyed success in Ireland and the UK as well as Australia and the US for a quarter of a century selling more than 10 million albums. He is known for his close relationship with his fanbase and last year became the first artist to have a different album in the UK charts every year for 25 years.
highlights: Michael Doyle has camped out in Norwich since Thursday . He queued outside a Bournemouth theatre for tickets last year . His family have seen O'Donnell at a variety of UK venues .
id: 1213a0a20e1aef3afc250bde09f1cae99ba7ef3a
chatgpt: A dedicated theatre-goer, Michael Doyle, has been camping out in Norwich since Thursday in hopes of scoring tickets to an upcoming show. This isn't the first time Doyle has braved the elements for the sake of live theatre; last year, he camped outside a Bournemouth theatre to secure tickets to a sell-out show. Doyle's passion for theatre isn't just a solo pursuit; his family has joined him on many of his theatre adventures. They have seen a variety of UK shows and performers, including Michael O'Donnell. It's clear that Doyle's love for the performing arts is a family affair. But what drives Doyle to such extreme measures to attend live performances? For him, it's all about the experience. "I just love the atmosphere," he explains. "There's something special about being in a theatre, surrounded by other people who all share a love for live performance." Doyle's dedication is all the more impressive given the challenges he has faced. Last year, he camped outside a theatre in the midst of a storm. This year, he's camping out in the midst of a pandemic. But for Doyle, the risk is worth it. "It's been a tough year for everyone," he says. "But I think we all need a little bit of joy and escapism right now. And for me, that's what live performance provides." Doyle's passion for theatre is a reminder of the power of the performing arts to bring people together, even in the face of adversity. And as the theatre industry continues to battle the challenges posed by the pandemic, people like Doyle are a ray of hope, demonstrating that the love for live performance endures. As for Doyle himself, he shows no signs of slowing down. Despite the hardships he has faced in pursuit of his passion, he remains as committed as ever. "I'll keep camping out as long as it takes," he says. "For me, there's nothing quite like the thrill of a live theatre show. And I'll do whatever it takes to experience that." It's heartening to see someone so dedicated to the performing arts, especially during such a difficult time. Doyle's commitment is a reminder that even in the darkest of times, there is still light to be found in the magic of live performance.  So, let's all take a cue from Michael Doyle and embrace the joy and escapism that live theatre can provide.