article: By . Matt Chorley, Mailonline Political Editor . PUBLISHED: . 11:15 EST, 26 June 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 13:19 EST, 26 June 2013 . George Osborne today said he was ‘proud’ that the UK government is spending more on foreign aid. The Chancellor risked the wrath of Tory backbenchers who have called for cuts to international development by announcing an extra £800million for 2015-16. But to meet the coalition’s pledge to spend 0.7 per cent of national income on aid, money from the Home Office and Business will count towards the target. Aid: The coalition has committed to spending 0.7 per cent of national income on overseas aid, while cutting elsewhere . Proud: George Osborne defended the decision to increase foreign aid spending while cutting other Whitehall departments y up to 10 per cent . Right wingers on the Tory backbenchers have repeatedly called for an end to the protection given to overseas aid. Along with health and schools, it was one of the only areas of spending ring fenced by Mr Osborne in his search for an extra £11.5billion of cuts in 2015-16. In total the UK will spend £12.22billion in its Official Development Assistance commitment. It means it will spend 0.7 per cent of gross national income in 2015 on helping the poor overseas. It includes an extra £809million in the DFID budget. Around £100million in science research for helping poor countries from the Department for Business will also count towards the ODA target, along with £100million of Home Office funding for asylum cases. Spending: Only foreign aid, NHS and the spy agencies have seen increases in the departmental programme and administration budgets, with most departments suffering cuts of up to 10 per cent . Infrastructure: Billions of pounds in extra building projects have been directed towards transport, justice and business in an attempt to kickstart growth . Mr Osborne told MPs: ‘Fairness also means refusing to balance the budget on the backs of the world’s poorest. ‘I know not everyone believes we should fulfil our commitment to spend 0.7 per cent of our national income on development. ‘But I do – and I’m proud to support a Government that is the first in our history to meet our pledge and meet it not only this year, but next year and the year after. ‘Of course, overseas development is about more than just the DFID budget, and we comply with internationally policed rules. ‘But the DFID budget is the lion’s share, and it will be set at £11.1 billion in 2015-16. ‘Even in tough times, the decisions we make mean we keep to our commitments.’
highlights: Department for International Development given an extra £800million . Coalition committed to spending 0.7% of national income on overseas aid . Most other departments face cuts of up to 10% to their budgets .
id: 43c838d6f9082e18dc9ba7373c8d40e722437e9c
chatgpt: The Department for International Development (DFID) has received a boost after the Coalition government pledged an additional £800million towards overseas aid. This comes as part of the UK's commitment to spend 0.7% of national income on foreign aid. While the DFID will benefit from the increase in funding, most other departments across the government will face significant reductions in their budgets, with cuts of up to 10% being applied. The announcement was made as part of Chancellor George Osborne's Comprehensive Spending Review (CSR), which outlined the government's spending plans for the next four years. The CSR is aimed at achieving a budget surplus by imposing austerity measures on several departments, while protecting those deemed critical to the government's priorities. The DFID has been a key player in the UK's international aid efforts for many years, and the additional funding is in line with the government's commitment to alleviate poverty and support sustainable development in the world's poorest countries. The department's programmes have been credited with helping to lift millions of people out of poverty, and the new funding will allow them to continue this vital work. However, the decision to protect the DFID's budget while cutting others has been met with criticism from some quarters. Critics argue that while it is important to support international aid efforts, the government should not be so focused on this at the expense of other pressing needs, such as healthcare and education. Despite this criticism, the government has held firm on its commitment to overseas aid. In fact, the UK has become the first G7 country to meet the United Nations target of spending 0.7% of its gross national income (GNI) on development assistance. This has put pressure on other countries to follow suit and has raised the profile of international aid as a key priority for governments worldwide. The announcement also comes at a time when the UK is facing significant challenges at home, including a looming Brexit deadline and a strained economy. The government's decision to protect the DFID's budget has raised the profile of international aid as a key priority for the country's future, showing a willingness to take a long-term approach to tackling global poverty. Overall, the announcement of the additional funding for the DFID is a welcome development for those working to alleviate poverty and promote sustainable development, in the UK and around the world. The decision to protect the department's budget shows a commitment to the government's international aid goals, at a time when other departments are facing cutbacks. While there may be criticism about the balance of priorities, it is clear that the UK remains committed to being a global leader in the fight against poverty and injustice.