article: A legally blind university student who was sprayed in the face with pepper spray has said that the experience was more terrifying than being in an earthquake. Police used pepper spray on Anna Amelia, 23, and other students when they gained access inside the Sydney Masonic Centre on Friday morning where they began protesting against Education Minister Christopher Pyne. Ms Amelia, who uses a walking stick, said that she remembered 'a bit of push and shove and the next minute it felt like the entire world was on fire, felt like somebody had set fire to my lungs, my eyes were burning'. Scroll down for video . Anna Amelia, 23, (sitting left) said that the experience was more terrifying than being in an earthquake . 'I didn't know what was happening, I didn't know which way was up, down, left or right. It was just pain,' she told The Sydney Morning Herald. The 23-year-old said that the incident was more terrifying than her experience during the 2010 Christchurch earthquake, and that the pepper spray had completely obscured her vision. 'I was really scared and disoriented, and almost panicked. I've been through earthquakes and this was far worse than a 7.5 earthquake,' Ms Amelia said. The international relations and development studies student told ambulance officers who attended the scene that she just wanted to leave and get home. Footage of the incident shows students sprawled across the floor as friends comfort them and pour milk into their watering eyes. The student were protesting against university deregulation, one of Pyne's higher education reforms. Mr Pyne was delivering a speech to several education groups inside the building. Students held up signs saying 'You're sPyneless' and 'Education shouldn't be a death sentence,' reports Nine News. Ms Amelia, who is legally blind, said the pepper spray left her completely disoriented . Ms Amelia (left) and fellow student Bridget Holly were treated by NSW Ambulances . While the protest was initially peaceful, things grew heated when students rushed the main entrance where police used the spray. NSW Ambulances treated at least five people at the scene. NSW police would not confirm if pepper spray had been used, and were preparing a statement on the incident. Ridah Hassan, a spokesperson from the National Union of Students, told Daily Mail Australia the students were undeterred by the incident. 'We will be out in full force on March 25 to protest and make sure our voice is heard,' she said. Hassan said police sprayed about a dozen students, including herself, when they entered the building. 'My face is on fire. It's pretty outrageous the lengths the government will go to marginalise the people,' she said. Police hold back protesters inside the Sydney Masonic Centre on Friday morning . An officer deploys pepper spray on a protester, who had stormed into the building where Education Minister Christopher Pyne was holding a speech .
highlights: Student Anna Amelia, 23, had her face sprayed with pepper spray . Ms Amelia is legally blind and uses a walking stick . She said it was more terrifying than being in the Christchurch earthquake . She and 40 other students gained entrance to the Sydney Masonic Centre . Police deployed the pepper spray on the crowd in a bid to remove them . Christopher Pyne was giving a speech  inside the venue . The students were protesting  one of Pyne's higher education reforms . They rushed the main entrance of the building when things turned violent . NSW Ambulances treated five people  at the scene .
id: 9c7093fdc01457b968f8f7cca13103e96bf89cd7
chatgpt: The Sydney Masonic Centre was the site of dramatic scenes on Wednesday night as a group of around 40 students staged a protest against higher education reforms being pushed by Christopher Pyne. The Education Minister was inside the venue, giving a speech, when the protesters attempted to rush the main entrance. The crowd was met with force as police deployed pepper spray in an effort to remove them. Among those on the receiving end was Anna Amelia, a legally blind student who uses a walking stick to get around. According to Ms Amelia, being sprayed with pepper spray was more terrifying than being in the Christchurch earthquake. Speaking to reporters afterwards, Ms Amelia said she was shocked and upset by what had happened. "I was just standing there with my walking stick, trying to keep out of the way, when suddenly there was this burning sensation on my face," she said. "I couldn't see anything, I just felt dizzy and disoriented. It was terrifying." NSW Ambulances treated five people at the scene, including Ms Amelia, who required medical attention for her injuries. Despite her ordeal, she said she was determined to continue fighting for what she believed in. "I won't be intimidated by this kind of violence," she said. "I'm here to make a stand against these reforms, and I'm not going to let a bit of pepper spray stop me." The incident has sparked outrage among student groups and civil liberties advocates, who have accused the police of using excessive force in their attempts to clear the protesters. Critics have also questioned the wisdom of using pepper spray on a crowd that included a number of vulnerable people, such as Ms Amelia. Christopher Pyne has defended his reforms, saying they are necessary to make Australia's universities more competitive and more responsive to the needs of the economy. However, opponents argue that the changes will reduce the quality of education and make it more difficult for students from disadvantaged backgrounds to access higher education. Protests against the reforms have been ongoing for several months, with students from across Australia staging rallies and sit-ins to voice their opposition. The incident at the Sydney Masonic Centre is just the latest in a series of confrontations between demonstrators and police. Despite the controversy, the government shows no signs of backing down on the reforms. With tensions running high, it remains to be seen how the situation will play out in the coming months.