article: Cesc Fabregas believes it was easier to win the Premier League title during his days as an Arsenal player than it is now. The 27-year-old has starred for Chelsea since his £30million summer move from Barcelona this summer. The Spain midfielder has scored once and laid on 11 assists in the league as Jose Mourinho's side sit three points clear of champions Manchester City at the top of the table. VIDEO Scroll down to see Mourinho on Fabregas . Cesc Fabregas believes the Premier League  is a lot more competitive than it was when he left in 2011 . Fabregas (left) has provided 11 assist in the Premier League for Chelsea so far this season . Chelsea have only tasted defeat once in the Premier League so far this campaign, but despite their impressive record Fabregas believes the standard of football in England is a lot more competitive than when he left Arsenal in 2011. Fabregas, who did not make a single appearance when the Gunners last won the league in 2003-04, told Chelsea Magazine this month: 'The league has improved since I left in 2011, especially defensively and also in terms of the stability that teams try to have — the coaches and teams are more afraid to drop points now. 'I feel that for the top teams it is a bit more difficult to attack than it was before. Spain technically is a great league and maybe it's still a little more tactical than England but that has improved a lot here. 'That doesn't mean in Spain it is more difficult to beat the opponent because in England — especially with the fans, passion and commitment — when we play away it is always difficult; all the teams want to attack.' Fabregas left Arsenal to rejoin Spanish giants Barcelona in the summer of 2011 . Head here to Like MailOnline Sport's Facebook page. The latest edition of Chelsea magazine is on sale now. You can download a digital version to view on your tablet here . VIDEO Chelsea have moved past 'bad moment' - Mourinho .
highlights: Cesc Fabregas joined Chelsea for £30million  from Barcelona this summer . 27-year-old has provided 11 assists for Premier League leaders Chelsea . Fabregas was on Arsenal's first-team squad fringes when they last won the title in 2003-04 .
id: 8938f26573fc444cf0fc69cce47d3edfec07ab0d
chatgpt: Chelsea midfielder Cesc Fabregas has been a key figure in the Premier League leaders' success so far this season, providing 11 assists to his teammates. The 27-year-old joined Chelsea from Barcelona for a reported fee of £30million this summer and has quickly adapted to life in London. This isn't the first time that Fabregas has made an impact in the Premier League. He was a member of the Arsenal squad that last won the title back in 2003-04, although he was on the fringes of the first-team at that time. Now, however, he is a vital component of Chelsea's success. Fabregas has been praised by pundits and fans alike for his creativity, vision and passing ability. He has formed a formidable partnership with attacking midfielder Eden Hazard, who has benefited greatly from Fabregas' assists. The Spanish international has also been effective in providing cover for Chelsea's defence. His positional sense and tackling ability have helped to make the team more secure at the back, allowing them to launch quick and effective counter-attacks. Fabregas' contribution to Chelsea's title challenge is even more impressive given the fact that he arrived at the club in the summer, just as the season was beginning. He has quickly become one of the team's most important players, and his influence on the pitch is undeniable. Chelsea fans will hope that Fabregas can continue to play a key role in their title challenge as the season enters its final stretch. If he can maintain his impressive form, there's every chance that he could be lifting the Premier League trophy come May. Overall, Cesc Fabregas has proven to be an excellent addition to Chelsea's squad. His creativity, defensive work and leadership skills have helped the team to establish themselves as the team to beat in the Premier League this season.