article: (CNN) -- Yani Tseng's two-year reign at the top of women's golf is over. Five-time major winner Tseng has been at the top of the Rolex World Rankings since February 2011, but the Taiwanese star has finally been usurped by American Stacy Lewis. Lewis produced an eight-under-par final round of 64 to clinch the Founders Cup in Phoenix Arizona, just two weeks after winning the HSBC Women's Champions event in Singapore. The Ohio native is only the second U.S. player to occupy the coveted berth after Cristie Kerr also reached the top in June 2010. Lewis clawed back a three-stroke deficit to Japan's Ai Miyazato to eventually finish three shots ahead of the former world No. 1. The final round's 16th hole proved decisive, with Miyazato slipping and allowing Lewis to take control. "It's awesome," Lewis told the LPGA Tour's official website when asked about the win. "I played great today. Myself and Ai we just went back and forth all day; she was making putts, I was making putts. "I was certainly surprised she finished the way she did, but to make those two putts I did on 16 and 17 was pretty unbelievable and I'm just really speechless." If Lewis' fightback at the Wildfire Golf Club journey was stirring, it is nothing compared to the story of her rise to the top. A decade ago the 2011 Kraft Nabisco Championship winner underwent surgery for scoliosis, following a childhood plagued by back problems. "Yeah, it's almost 10 years ago I was having surgery, I was going into surgery to put a rod and five screws in my back," added Lewis. "That's not normal, that's not supposed to happen. I mean, I'm not really supposed to be here. "I know that there's a reason and I know that everything happens for a reason. Every setback you have along the way, everything good that happens, it all happens for a reason. "I couldn't have dreamed the kid growing up wearing a back brace 18 hours a day that is the No. 1 player in the world. I don't know, I don't know what to say." Lewis is the seventh player to top the rankings. Tseng, Kerr, Miyazato, Mexico's Lorena Ochoa, Sweden's Annika Sorenstam and Jiyay Shin of South Korea are the only other golfers to have held the distinction.
highlights: Stacy Lewis is the new women's world No. 1 after winning Founders Cup . Lewis is only the seventh player to occupy the position and the second American . Lewis underwent back surgery for scoliosis 10 years ago . Previous No. 1 Yani Tseng had topped the rankings for 109 weeks .
id: 4eefefe21cced30825c869f1a9f53facbbed3e4a
chatgpt: Stacy Lewis has reached the top of the women's golf world after her victory at the Founders Cup, claiming the No. 1 spot for the first time in her career. Lewis ended Yani Tseng's 109-week reign as the top-ranked player in the world with her win at the Founders Cup in Phoenix, Arizona. Lewis is only the seventh player to occupy the position and the second American behind Cristie Kerr, who spent five weeks at No. 1 in 2010. The 28-year-old Lewis underwent back surgery for scoliosis 10 years ago, and she has since gone on to become one of the most consistent performers on the LPGA Tour. Tseng had been dominating the women's game for the past two years, winning seven major championships and reaching a point where she was seemingly unbeatable. She had held the top spot in the rankings since February 2011, and was the youngest player ever to do so. However, Lewis has been gradually closing the gap on Tseng since the start of the year, with a string of impressive performances including another runner-up finish at last week's Kraft Nabisco Championship. She now has the top spot in her sights, and her victory at the Founders Cup has finally secured her place at the summit of the women's game. "I still can't believe it," said Lewis after her win. "This was something I dreamed of as a kid, and to be able to accomplish it is just amazing. I couldn't have done it without the support of my family, my friends, my caddie, and my sponsors. They've all been there for me every step of the way." Lewis may only have been at the top for a short time, but she has certainly earned her place among the elite players of the women's game. Her determination, hard work, and unwavering commitment to her craft have made her a worthy champion, and she will undoubtedly continue to be a force to be reckoned with for years to come. As for Tseng, she will surely be back to challenge for the top spot, but for now, it is Lewis who reigns supreme.