article: Ronny Deila has given his 'sleeping bear' of a Celtic side a six out of 10 at best for the year-ending report card. The Hoops lost their first league game in nine against Dundee United at Tannadice on Sunday but remain four points clear over Jackie McNamara's team and Aberdeen at the top of the Scottish Premiership. Celtic are still in the William Hill Scottish Cup where they travel to Dundee in the fifth-round and they look forward to a League Cup semi-final against Rangers at Hampden Park at the beginning of February. Ronny Deila has given his 'sleeping bear' of a Celtic side a six out of 10 at best for the year-ending report card . And after passing up on two chances to get into the Champions League the Parkhead side battled through to second place in their Europa League group and face Inter Milan in the last-32 tie later in the same month. Ahead of the visit of Ross County in the league on Saturday, the Norwegian summed up the first six months of his tenure as Celtic boss. 'The results are good but I see so much possibilities there,' he said. 'When I see the possession and pressure we have and how we are controlling games, it is about getting possession into goal chances. Stefan Scepovic puts the ball past Dundee United goalkeeper Radoslaw Cierzniak but  was flagged offside . 'With the potential we have, I would give us a five, six maybe. 'We have a long way to go but it is quite good also. 'This club is a sleeping bear. It is a huge club, we have so many talented players and good staff . 'We have just have to have the energy to work and progress, want to learn and get better. 'If you have that you can reach your goals.' Deila's Celtic lost their first league game in nine against Dundee United at Tannadice on Sunday . Deila watches over training as Celtic look to extend their lead at the top of the Scottish Premiership .
highlights: Celtic lost their first league game in nine against Dundee United on Sunday . The Hoops remain four points clear over United in the Scottish Premiership . Celtic manager Ronny Deila has given his team a six out of 10 at best .
id: 4fd22dc5365b45630d7312fb834737f8111fa70e
chatgpt: Celtic's winning streak in the Scottish Premiership came to an abrupt end on Sunday as they lost to Dundee United. The Hoops had gone unbeaten in their previous eight league games, but they were unable to extend that run after a lackluster performance at Tannadice. Despite the defeat, Celtic still hold a four-point lead over United at the top of the table. However, manager Ronny Deila was far from pleased with his team's display, giving them a rating of just six out of ten at best. "We didn't play well enough today, and that's why we lost," Deila said after the game. "Our passing was not good enough, and we didn't create enough chances. Dundee United deserved the win, and we need to improve for our next game." Celtic started the game brightly and had a couple of early chances to take the lead. However, they were unable to make the breakthrough, and it was Dundee United who struck first through Nicky Clark's 53rd-minute goal. Celtic tried to mount a comeback, but their efforts were in vain as they were unable to find the back of the net. The defeat was a bitter blow for the Hoops, who had been flying high in the league in recent weeks. Despite the setback, Celtic remain strong favorites to win the Scottish Premiership this season. They have been in excellent form in recent weeks and will be looking to bounce back quickly from this defeat. However, they will need to improve on their performance against Dundee United if they are to achieve their goals this season. Manager Ronny Deila will be demanding a much better performance from his team in their next game. Overall, this was a disappointing day for Celtic, but there is still a long way to go in the season. The Hoops will be looking to put this defeat behind them quickly and get back to winning ways in the coming weeks.