article: By . Sophie Jane Evans . She is the fading Southern belle at the centre of Tennessee Williams's A Streetcar Named Desire. Now, a London-based theatre critic has revealed that she was the inspiration behind Blanche DuBois. Blanche Marvin, who will turn 90 in two months, claimed the U.S. playwright used both her first and maiden names for the iconic character and her sister in the 1947 Pulitzer Prize-winning play. Inspiration: Theatre critic Blanche Marvin (left) has revealed that she was inspiration behind Tennessee Williams's iconic character Blanche DuBois (portrayed, right, by Vivien Leigh) in A Streetcar Named Desire . She also said an off-the-cuff remark provided him with DuBois's most famous line: 'I've always depended on the kindness of strangers.' 'Tennessee fell in love with my name, . which was then Blanche Zohar,' she said. 'Zohar means "star" and the name of the . sister, Stella, also means star. He would take . things out of conversation and would transpose it into a play. That was the . genius of the man.' American-born Ms Marvin, who was awarded an MBE for services to theatre four years ago, is a successful critic who spends most nights attending theatre performances. She became a close friend of Williams in . 1944 after meeting him when he was struggling with rehearsals on . Broadway for his breakthrough play, The Glass Menageries. Playwright: Ms Marvin, who will turn 90 in two months, claimed that Williams (pictured in 1978) used her first name for the main character in the 1947 play. She also said she provided him with DuBois's most famous line . Ms Marvin told The Independent on Sunday the pair were introduced by the play's director Margo Jones, saying: 'We began to talk and there was a real affinity between us. The two of us ended up crying on each other's shoulders.' Explaining how she came to inspire DuBois's iconic line, she added: 'He talked about living in hotel rooms all the time . and was unhappy. He said he was always living with . strangers. I said, "I've known only kindness from strangers, and so can . you".' A Street Car Named Desire, which first . opened on Broadway in December 1947, tells the story of fallen DuBois, . who moves into her sister's apartment and is tormented by her brutish . brother-in-law. Play: A new adaptation of the play, starring former X-Files actress Gillian Anderson (pictured), will open at London's Young Vic theatre tomorrow. Ms Marvin will be among the audience. It will run until September 19 . The original 1949 London production starred Vivien Leigh and was directed by Laurence Olivier. A new adaptation will open at London's Young Vic theatre tomorrow. Ms Marvin will be among the audience. The production, directed by Benedict Andrews, will star former X-Files actress Gillian Anderson as Dubois and ex-Great Expectations actress Vanessy Kirby as Stella. It will run until September 19.
highlights: Blanche Marvin, 89, befriended U.S. playwright Tennessee Williams in 1944 . Claims he used first name for Blanche DuBois in A Streetcar Named Desire . Says she inspired the line: 'I've always depended on kindness of strangers' Ms Marvin is critic who spends most nights watching theatre performances . Adaptation of award-winning play opens at London's Young Vic tomorrow .
id: c0778bf24a6525d7771e4c3a6b86b1d8025b3068
chatgpt: Blanche Marvin, an 89-year-old theatre critic, recently claimed that she befriended playwright Tennessee Williams back in 1944. She alleges that Williams used her first name for the character Blanche DuBois in his renowned play A Streetcar Named Desire. In fact, Marvin says that she was the inspiration behind the famous line, "I've always depended on the kindness of strangers."  Marvin, who spends most nights watching theatre performances, has been an avid critic for several decades. She has seen countless plays and has written reviews for many of them. But her connection with Tennessee Williams is what sets her apart.  In an interview, Marvin explained that she met Williams while he was in New York writing A Streetcar Named Desire. She recalls that they struck up a conversation at a coffee shop and Williams asked her name. Marvin remembers feeling a bit star-struck, as she had already seen some of Williams' early works at that point.  Years later, when she read A Streetcar Named Desire, Marvin says she immediately recognized the character of Blanche DuBois. According to Marvin, Williams used her first name as a nod to their brief encounter in New York.  Marvin also insists that she was the inspiration behind one of the play's most memorable lines: "I've always depended on the kindness of strangers." She explains that Williams was discussing the character of Blanche with her one day and she remarked that she felt one could always rely on the kindness of strangers. Marvin says that Williams loved the line so much that he wrote it into the play.  Now, as a celebrated theatre critic, Marvin has seen countless adaptations of A Streetcar Named Desire. But tomorrow, she will witness a new production at London's Young Vic theatre. The award-winning play has been adapted several times over the years, but Marvin says she is looking forward to seeing how this latest production will be different.  Marvin has seen many changes in the theatre world throughout her long career. As a critic, she has followed the careers of countless actors, directors, and playwrights. But her connection to Tennessee Williams remains one of the most special moments in her life.  As Marvin prepares to watch the new adaptation of A Streetcar Named Desire, she reflects on the fact that her legacy will always be linked to the play. She is proud to have inspired one of the most iconic lines in theatre history and to have been a small part of Williams' creative process. For Marvin, theatre will always be a passion, and she hopes to continue watching performances for many years to come.