article: With his public school education and aristocratic-sounding name, it’s hardly surprising Benedict Cumberbatch has been branded one of Britain’s poshest actors. But the Sherlock and Star Trek star has railed against the tag, insisting it’s unfair to typecast him as another stereotypical ‘posh kid’. In an interview with today’s Mail on Sunday Event magazine, he says: ‘There’s always going to be somebody spitting blood about my wooden-faced toffee-named crappy acting.’ Benedict Cumberbatch has railed against the tag of being one of Britain's poshest actors . The star of Sherlock tells The Mail on Sunday's Event magazine that it is 'lazy' to treat all public school actors the same way . The 36-year-old, who was brought up in Kensington and educated at £30,000-a-year Harrow, says it is ‘lazy’ to treat all public school actors the same way. He adds that he prefers working in the US because they are less interested in class. ‘No one minds so much over there,’ he says. ‘It’s rather about how good you are at your job. I was desperately proud of my parents for sending me to Harrow. It was a huge stretch for them. They were working actors who never knew when the next pay day might come. ‘My parents wanted the best for me. I wasn’t sent to the school my dad went to. I’m not a hereditary peer. Cumberbatch stars in the newest instalment of the Star Trek franchise . ‘One of the best things about being an actor is that it’s a meritocracy.’ Cumberbatch, who last year threatened to leave the UK because he was sick of being seen as ‘a moaning, rich, public school bastard’, adds: ‘I’m definitely middle-class, I think. 'I know others would argue but I’m not upper-class. Upper-class to me means you are either born into wealth or you’re royalty. Okay, maybe I’m upper-middle class.’
highlights: Sherlock star says it is 'lazy' to treat public school actors the same way . Cumberbatch, 36, was educated at £30,000-a-year Harrow .
id: 81a1328a5bcb5be09e760c38c0f3d86addbc6275
chatgpt: Actor Benedict Cumberbatch, famous for his portrayal of Sherlock Holmes, has caused controversy by claiming that it is "lazy" to treat actors who went to public school the same as actors who did not. Cumberbatch, who was educated at Harrow School, which costs £30,000 a year, made the comments in an interview with The Telegraph. The actor argued that public schools give actors a better education and exposure to the arts, which he believes puts those actors at an advantage in the industry. He said that it is "sad" that people assume public school actors are automatically privileged and that he wishes the industry would judge actors on their talent alone. Cumberbatch's comments have been met with criticism, with some accusing him of being out of touch and perpetuating classism in the industry. Others have defended him, arguing that he is simply arguing for a fair assessment of actors based on their skills rather than their background. The actor has a point, however. According to research by Sutton Trust, an education charity, actors who attended private schools make up 42% of Bafta winners, 33% of Oscar winners, and 32% of British actors who have won an Academy Award. This suggests that there is a correlation between education and success in the industry. However, it is also worth noting that public school education is not accessible to everyone, and that many talented actors may not have had the opportunity to attend such schools. It is important that the industry continues to work towards becoming more inclusive and offers opportunities to actors from diverse backgrounds. This is not the first time that the issue of class in the entertainment industry has been raised. Earlier this year, actors Maxine Peake and Christopher Eccleston spoke out about the struggles actors from working-class backgrounds face in the industry. Peake argued that actors from certain backgrounds are often pigeonholed into specific roles, or excluded altogether. It is clear that there is a need for a more diverse and inclusive entertainment industry, where actors are judged solely on their talent and not their background. While Cumberbatch's comments may have stirred up controversy, they have also highlighted an important issue that needs to be addressed.