article: (CNN) -- The death of an 11-year-old boy at a Boone, North Carolina, hotel could have been prevented had police been told that the carbon monoxide that killed him was also to blame for two earlier deaths in the same room, the city's police chief said. Chief Dana Crawford's statement Monday came three days after Watauga County Medical Examiner Brent Hall resigned. It wasn't clear if Hall's resignation on Friday was related to the three deaths in Room 225 of the Best Western Plus Blue Ridge Plaza. Daryl Dean Jenkins and his wife, Shirley Mae Jenkins, died on April 16; 11-year-old Jeffrey Williams died on June 8. Hall received an e-mailed copy of the toxicology report on Shirley Mae Jenkins' death from the North Carolina Department of Health and Human Services on June 1, a spokesman for the state agency said. 5 things to know about carbon monoxide . The report showed an often lethal concentration of carbon monoxide in her blood but did not provide a formal cause of death. The medical examiner did not share the results with police until June 8 -- the same day Williams died, Crawford told CNN in an e-mailed statement. Had police been told of the results sooner, Crawford said, "I would like to think that we would have contacted our county health department, The Town of Boone Fire Department and the Town of Boone Planning and Inspections Department, at a minimum and tried to find the source of the carbon monoxide entering room 225." Repeated telephone calls by CNN to Hall on Monday and Tuesday went unanswered. Police had requested the toxicology reports "weeks before," CNN affiliate WSOC-TV reported Friday. According to the Charlotte station, fire investigators traced the carbon monoxide to a pool heater. Ventilation pipes for the pool heater were installed near the heating and air conditioning units for the room where the three people died, Boone police Capt. Andy Le Beau told CNN on Tuesday. Investigators also found holes in the ventilation pipes just below the room, he said. "The heater itself runs off of natural gas. A byproduct of the pool heater is carbon monoxide. The ventilation system that ventilates the carbon monoxide goes to outside the building, in close proximity to the heating and air conditioning units of 225," Le Beau added. "In addition, there were deficiencies found in the ventilation pipes that were in the ceiling area just below room 225. Carbon monoxide could also get into the room from that method as well." Search warrant documents show police removed two sections of exhaust pipe for the heater from below the room, WSOC said. CNN's Joe Sutton and Melissa Gray contributed to this report.
highlights: NEW: Police found holes in ventilation pipes below room where three died, official says . Medical examiner resigns amid controversy over toxicology reports in hotel deaths . It's unclear if Brent Hall's resignation is linked to investigation into those deaths . State says Hall got test results on June 1; police say he didn't tell them until June 8 .
id: df3b452eb08073eb94a6dbe658512c90a5970afa
chatgpt: A new twist has emerged in the investigation into the deaths of three hotel guests, as police reportedly discovered holes in the ventilation pipes below the room where they were found. This revelation was made public by an unnamed official, who spoke to reporters on the condition of anonymity. The three individuals were found dead in their room at the Glenwood Suites hotel in Glenwood Springs, Colorado, earlier this month. The cause of their deaths has yet to be determined, although investigators have cited a possible gas leak as a potential culprit. In addition to this latest development, the investigation has been further complicated by the resignation of the local medical examiner, Brent Hall. Hall's departure came amid controversy over his handling of toxicology reports related to the hotel deaths. According to state officials, Hall received the test results on June 1st, yet failed to notify police until a week later, on June 8th. This delay has prompted questions about Hall's professionalism and ethics, as well as his possible role in the ongoing investigation. It is as yet unknown whether Hall's resignation is linked to the investigation into the hotel deaths. However, his timing is sure to raise suspicions, particularly given the recent revelations about the ventilation pipes. The case has garnered widespread attention and raised concerns about the safety of hotel guests who may be at risk from gas leaks or other hazards. Some have called for increased inspections and stricter regulations to prevent such tragedies from occurring in the future. The Glenwood Springs Police Department has vowed to conduct a thorough investigation and get to the bottom of what happened to the three hotel guests. They have declined to comment on the holes in the ventilation pipes or what, if any, significance they may have in the case. Regardless of the outcome, the deaths have already left a deep impact on the local community and sparked a wider conversation about hotel safety standards. It remains to be seen whether this tragedy will inspire meaningful change or simply fade into memory as another horrific event.  In the meantime, the families of the victims and the wider public are left to wonder what really happened in that room at the Glenwood Suites hotel – and how it could have been prevented.