article: New York (CNN) -- Twelve firefighters from Ladder Company 3 who lost their lives trying to save people at the North Tower of the World Trade Center on September 11, 2001, were honored Wednesday in a ceremony at the 9/11 Memorial and Museum. Mayor Michael Bloomberg, Fire Department of New York Commissioner Salvatore J. Cassano, firefighters, family members and friends watched as the company's truck, covered in a white sheet, returned permanently to the site where the Trade Center towers once stood. The 60,000-pound truck had been maintained by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey in a climate-controlled room, according to a press release from the 9/11 Memorial Museum. It was escorted to the former site of the World Trade Center by the current Ladder 3 truck. The fire department bagpipe band, the FDNY Emerald Society Pipes and Drums, played "America the Beautiful" as the truck was lowered to its permanent location, 70 feet below ground level. "We will never forget the heroism of the hundreds of firefighters and other first responders who rushed into those burning towers on September 11," Bloomberg said in a statement. "The sacrifice of the Ladder 3 Company and the FDNY is something that should be honored by us all. Their names, along with the other courageous first responders who perished, will be permanently etched in bronze on the memorial and their truck will be preserved in the museum as a legacy of their heroism." "All the memories come back, all the emotions," Robert Sweeney, chief of operations for the fire department, told CNN Wednesday. "Some anger, some pride in the department." The firefighters from the East Village neighborhood company were conducting search-and-rescue efforts in the North Tower when the structure collapsed, Sweeney said. The finished memorial is to include two waterfalls and reflecting pools surrounded by more than 400 trees and bronze plates inscribed with the names of the victims of the 9/11 attacks. The memorial will be opened to 9/11 victims' family members on the 10-year anniversary of the attacks on September 11 of this year and will open to the public the next day.
highlights: Ladder Company 3's truck is put in place at the 9/11 Memorial . 12 firefighters from the company lost their lives on 9/11 . The memorial is scheduled to open in September .
id: e0848e9c90d05aaeacfa8a5975bc124cee4eadfc
chatgpt: Ladder Company 3's truck, a symbol of sacrifice and bravery, has found its resting place at the 9/11 Memorial. The truck, which carried 12 firefighters from the company, was severely damaged during the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001. Those 12 brave firefighters made the ultimate sacrifice in service to their city and their country. Now, almost 20 years after the attacks, the renovated truck is being placed at the memorial to serve as a reminder of the sacrifice made that fateful day. The truck, which has been meticulously restored, will be displayed alongside other artifacts from Ground Zero. The 9/11 Memorial, located at the site of the former World Trade Center, is set to open in September. The memorial is a tribute to the nearly 3,000 people who lost their lives in New York City, Washington D.C., and Pennsylvania on September 11, 2001. The placing of Ladder Company 3's truck at the memorial is especially significant, as the company lost more firefighters than any other on 9/11. The company, which was based in Greenwich Village, responded to the initial call for help and was among the first to arrive at the scene. The truck's placement at the memorial is a testament to the bravery and dedication of the firefighters who gave their lives that day. Their selfless acts of courage will never be forgotten, and their legacy will continue to live on at the 9/11 Memorial. The opening of the memorial will provide a place of reflection for those who lost loved ones on 9/11, as well as a place for visitors to pay their respects to those who perished. The site will feature two reflecting pools, which will be located in the footprints of the former towers, and will be surrounded by trees and greenery. As we approach the 20th anniversary of the attacks, the placing of Ladder Company 3's truck at the memorial serves as a poignant reminder of the sacrifices made that day. We will never forget the courage and bravery displayed by the first responders who put their lives on the line to save others. The 9/11 Memorial will ensure that their legacy lives on for generations to come.