article: Jamie Gant, 11, died after being rushed to hospital from his home in Bath . A popular 11-year-old schoolboy was found hanged in his bedroom minutes after telling his mother he was going upstairs to finish his homework. Jamie Gant died after being rushed to hospital when his mother discovered his lifeless body in their home in Twerton, Bath. The child, who had just started secondary school, had never shown any intention to take his own life, an inquest into his death heard. Avon Coroner's Court heard how Jamie had told his mother he was going to finish his homework on September 28. Ten minutes later, his lifeless body was found in his bedroom. Paramedics arrived at the family home and rushed Jamie to Bath Royal Infirmary where he was pronounced dead. 'There was absolutely no indication that there was anything contributing to the death, or anything else people had been aware of,' Detective Sergeant Tom Herbert of Avon and Somerset Constabulary said. 'Everyone felt Jamie was a very happy boy, very popular at school and he had been able to speak to them if he had been concerned as he had in the past. 'There was no evidence of bullying.' Recording a narrative conclusion, Coroner Maria Voisin said the child may not have intended to kill himself. 'I’m told Jamie was a lovely, popular boy and there is no mention of anything that would have led to, or caused an intention, in relation to this. 'There is clearly the act which resulted in Jamie’s death, but I do not consider I have enough evidence to answer whether the intention of Jamie was to take his life. 'He may not have realised that death was the conclusion of his act.' Jamie's parents paid tribute to their son as a 'happy and loved young boy'. 'Jamie, was a much loved and very happy young boy who had a bright future which has been sadly cut short. 'He will be deeply missed by family friends and all who knew him,' a statement read. The 11-year-old was taken to The Royal United Hospital in Bath (above) but was pronounced dead .
highlights: Jamie Gant was found hanged in the bedroom of his home in Bath . The 11-year-old was described as 'lovely and popular' at an inquest . Police said there was no indication he had intended to kill himself . The schoolboy's parents described him as 'much loved and happy'
id: da617ae18749d0d1fafbb6b040fe4e64796091f7
chatgpt: An 11-year-old boy from Bath, Jamie Gant, was found hanged in his bedroom earlier this week. The tragic incident has left his family and friends in shock and disbelief. At the inquest held on Thursday, it was revealed that Jamie was a "lovely and popular" boy at his school. He was described by his peers as kind and always willing to help others. The parents of the schoolboy also spoke at the inquest and described him as "much loved and happy." They said that they were devastated by the tragedy and were struggling to come to terms with their loss. However, the police investigating the incident claimed that there was no indication that Jamie had intended to kill himself. At this stage, it is still unclear what led to the tragic incident. The local community has come together in the wake of Jamie's death to support his family and friends. The headteacher of Jamie's school, Sarah Brown, released a statement expressing her deepest condolences to his family. She described Jamie as a "bright, engaging and thoughtful" boy who was loved by all who knew him. She added that the school was offering support and counselling to any students who were affected by the tragedy. The local residents have also been reaching out to the family of Jamie in various ways. A crowdfunding campaign has been launched to help cover the funeral expenses, and many people have been leaving flowers and notes of sympathy outside the family home. The tragedy has once again highlighted the need for more awareness and support for mental health issues, particularly among children and young people. It is a reminder that even young children can suffer from depression and anxiety and that early intervention is essential. As the family and friends of Jamie continue to mourn his loss, they are urging others to reach out for help if they need it. The loss of a child is a devastating experience for any family, and it is only through the love and support of those around us that we can begin to heal.