article: HERMOSILLO, Mexico (CNN)  -- President Felipe Calderon traveled to Hermosillo on Saturday to meet with health officials as the death toll of a day care center fire there grew to 38 children. A crib and baby seats lie outside a day care center Friday in Hermosillo, Mexico, as police cordon off the area. The cause of Friday's blaze remained unknown, but investigators concluded that the fire did not start inside the ABC Day Care, Eduardo Bours, the governor of Sonora state said. As of Saturday night, 23 children remained hospitalized, 15 of them in critical condition, Sonora spokesman Daniel Duran told CNN. Another 10 children had been transported to other hospitals: eight to Guadalajara, one to Ciudad Obregon, and one to Sacramento, California. A team of 29 medical experts in Hermosillo were deciding if any more victims would be moved to the Shriners Hospital in Sacramento, or elsewhere. In addition, six adults were injured, Duran said. "Without a doubt this is the worst disaster we've had," Bours told CNN. The president arrived with Interior Secretary Fernando Gomez Mont and Health Secretary Jose Angel Cordova to get firsthand updates from doctors and investigators, the state news agency Notimex reported. Calderon ordered the nation's attorney general to investigate the blaze. Most of the victims died from smoke inhalation and not burns, Bours said. But the fire was enough for the roof to collapse, he added. At the time of the blaze, 142 children were inside the ABC Day Care. The day care is for children ages 2 to 4, but Bours confirmed that children even younger were among the victims. All the children at the day care had been accounted for by Saturday evening, Bours said. A severely burned 3-year-old girl arrived Saturday at the Sacramento hospital -- where pediatric burn treatment is a specialty -- and was in critical condition, according to Dr. Tina Palmieri, assistant chief of the burn unit. The child was burned over 80 percent of her body, the doctor told reporters. She said the hospital normally can save just over half of the children with burns that severe. In Hermosillo, a large crowd gathered outside of the emergency entrance of the city's general hospital and many people consoled each other, video from the scene showed. "They told me that this happened in a matter of five minutes," Hermosillo Mayor Ernesto Gandara told reporters after surveying the scene.
highlights: NEW: President Felipe Calderon travels to Hermosillo to meet with health officials . NEW: Officials believe blaze did not start in center; attorney general to investigate . NEW: 23 children remained hospitalized, 15 of them in critical condition . One child admitted to Shriners Hospitals in Sacramento, California .
id: 7ce5f5bce014ceb8f83493de9dd0db8e79745320
chatgpt: President Felipe Calderon traveled to Hermosillo, the capital of Sonora state in Mexico, to meet with health officials following a tragic and deadly fire that broke out in a daycare center. The blaze engulfed the ABC daycare center on Friday, killing at least 32 children and injuring dozens more, with many suffering from burns and smoke inhalation. Officials believe that the fire did not start in the center itself, but in the adjoining warehouse. The cause of the fire is still under investigation and Attorney General Eduardo Medina Mora assured families that the government would leave no stone unturned in determining what exactly happened. "It's evident that there were some serious irregularities here. The investigation is not only aimed at solving the crime, but in finding the truth," Mora stated. As of now, 23 children still remain hospitalized, 15 of them in critical condition. The survivors are currently receiving treatment for burns and breathing problems, with some also receiving blood transfusions. The state government has made efforts to transfer the most critically injured children to specialized hospitals in Guadalajara and the United States. One of the injured has been admitted to the Shriners Hospitals in Sacramento, California. The tragedy has sparked grief and outrage among the families and friends of the affected children, as well as the general public. President Calderon expressed his sympathy for those who lost loved ones in a statement released on his website. "I am deeply saddened by the tragedy that has occurred in Hermosillo. We send our deepest condolences to the families of the children who passed away, and we pray for all those who are still fighting for their lives," Calderon said. In response to the incident, the Mexican government has launched nationwide safety inspections of daycare centers to ensure proper safety measures are being taken. The government has also announced that it will be providing financial assistance to the families of the victims and survivors. Meanwhile, Mexican citizens have come together to offer support to the affected families, with many donating blood and supplies to the hospitals treating the injured children. The tragedy has raised serious questions about safety standards and regulations in daycare centers across Mexico. The government has vowed to take swift action to prevent similar incidents in the future, but it is unclear how long it will take to implement safety reforms. For now, the focus remains on caring for the survivors of the Hermosillo tragedy and holding those responsible for the tragedy accountable.