article: By . Jill Reilly . Russia's counterterrorism agency has identified the two suicide bombers who struck the southern city of Volgograd and announced the arrest of two suspected accomplices. The bombings of a train station and trolley bus in Volgograd in late December, which killed 34 people and wounded many more, heightened security fears before the Winter Olympics in Sochi, which start next week. The suspected bombers, Asker Samedov and Suleiman Magomedov, were members of a terrorist group based in Dagestan, the National Anti-Terrorism Committee said. Russia's counterterrorism agency identified the two suicide bombers who struck the southern city of Volgograd and announced the arrest of two suspected accomplices . An ambulance leaves the site of an explosion after a bomb blast tore through a trolleybus in December . Two brothers, Magomednabi and Tagir Batirov, were detained as suspected accomplices Wednesday in Dagestan, a predominantly Muslim republic that has become the center of an Islamic insurgency. The brothers were believed to have helped the suicide bombers travel to Volgograd, about 650 kilometers (400 miles) to the north, the agency said in a statement. Investigators were still trying to determine who had organized the attack, the statement said. Members of Russia's special forces stand guard during an operation on suspected militants in Makhachkala, the capital of Russia's North Caucasus Republic of Dagestan . An Islamic jihadist group in Dagestan posted a video this month purporting to show the two suicide bombers speaking to the camera before the Volgograd attacks and threatening to strike Sochi, where the Winter Games will be held Feb. 7-23. The men were identified only as Suleiman and Abdurakhman. An Islamic jihadist group in Dagestan posted a video purporting to show the suicide bombers before the Volgograd attacks. The men were identified only as Suleiman and Abdurakhman . There has been no confirmation that the Suleiman in the video is the man named by the counter-terrorism agency or that either of the men carried out the suicide bombings. The video was released by the Vilayat Dagestan, one of the units that make up the Caucasus Emirate, an umbrella group for militants seeking to establish an independent Islamic state in Russia's North Caucasus. The volatile region, a patchwork of ethnic republics, is located just to the east of Sochi. Doku Umarov, a Chechen warlord who leads the emirate, had ordered a halt to attacks on civilian targets in 2012. But he rescinded that order in July, urging his followers to strike the Sochi Olympics, which he denounced as 'satanic dances on the bones of our ancestors.' A torchbearer carrying an Olympic torch in the Volga River city of Volgograd, about 800 km (500 miles) south of Moscow .
highlights: Train station and trolley bus in Volgograd were bombed in late December . They killed 34 people and wounded many more, heightening security fears . Suspected bombers named as Asker Samedov and Suleiman Magomedov . Two brothers, Magomednabi and Tagir Batirov were detained . The Winter Olympics in Sochi starts next week .
id: 467f283d1c8be20ea4e703431859634cea6c3982
chatgpt: In a brazen and deadly attack, a train station and trolley bus in Volgograd, Russia, were bombed in late December, killing 34 people and injuring many more. The incident has shaken the city and heightened security fears just weeks before the Winter Olympics are set to begin in nearby Sochi. According to authorities, the suspected bombers have been named as Asker Samedov and Suleiman Magomedov. Two brothers, Magomednabi and Tagir Batirov, were detained in connection with the bombings. Officials believe that the Batirov brothers may have helped plan the attacks, but it is unclear if they had any direct involvement in carrying out the bombings. The investigation is ongoing. The bombings have sent shockwaves throughout Russia and raised concerns about the country's ability to keep athletes and spectators safe during the upcoming Olympics. Security measures have been tightened in Sochi, with over 40,000 law enforcement officers and military personnel being deployed to the region. The Russian government has assured the public that the games will be safe, but many are still concerned about the possibility of further attacks. This is not the first time Volgograd has been hit by terrorist attacks. In October 2013, a suicide bomber killed six people on a bus in the city. Just two months later, another suicide bomber killed 18 people at the city's main railway station. Both attacks were claimed by a group that calls itself the Caucasus Emirate, which is believed to be fighting for an independent Islamic state in the Caucasus region. The recent bombings have renewed fears that the Caucasus Emirate, or other similar groups, may try to disrupt the Winter Olympics in Sochi. The games have already been the subject of controversy due to Russia's anti-gay laws and concerns about the country's human rights record. The bombings have only added to the tense atmosphere surrounding the event. Despite the heightened security measures in Sochi, some are still staying away from the games due to safety concerns. The US State Department has issued a warning to Americans planning to attend the event, advising them to remain vigilant and avoid certain areas of the city. Other countries have also warned their citizens about the potential for terrorist attacks during the Olympics. The Russian government has vowed to do everything possible to prevent any further attacks during the games. President Vladimir Putin has said that security forces will "annihilate" any terrorists who attempt to disrupt the Olympics. Whether those efforts will be enough to keep the games safe remains to be seen. As the world watches, eyes will be on Sochi to see if the Winter Olympics can go ahead without incident.