article: United Nations (CNN) -- The U.N. Security Council on Wednesday issued a statement condemning the Syrian government's crackdown on protesters and calling for an immediate end to violence by all parties. "The Security Council expresses its grave concern at the deteriorating situation in Syria, and expresses profound regret at the death of many hundreds of people," the eight-paragraph statement says. It further calls for "all sides to act with utmost restraint, and to refrain from reprisals, including attacks against state institutions." The statement says those responsible for the violence should be held accountable but offers no suggestion that foreign intervention is being considered. "The Security Council reaffirms its strong commitment to the sovereignty, independence, and territorial integrity of Syria," it says. "It stresses that the only solution to the current crisis in Syria is through an inclusive and Syrian-led political process, with the aim of effectively addressing the legitimate aspirations and concerns of the population which will allow the full exercise of fundamental freedoms for its entire population, including that of expression and peaceful assembly." Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said he welcomes the statement. "The world has watched the deteriorating situation in Syria with the most profound concern, but the events of the past few days have been brutally shocking," he told reporters. "Once again, I call on President (Bashar al-) Assad and the Syrian authorities to immediately cease all violence against their people, to fully respect human rights and implement reforms that they have already announced." He further urged Damascus to comply with the Security Council's demand that international humanitarian organizations be granted unimpeded access to affected areas. "Those responsible should be held to account," he said. He praised the 15-nation Security Council for speaking out "with one voice and condemning all this violence and asking them to take necessary measures" after long discussions on the matter. But Lebanon's ambassador, Caroline Ziade, said her country, which is Syria's neighbor, dissociated itself from the statement. However, Lebanon chose not to block the measure, as it could have done. Though a resolution would have been more significant than the presidential statement approved Wednesday, U.S. diplomats said they are glad the United Nations has taken a stance. CNN's Richard Roth and Joe Vaccarello contributed to this story .
highlights: NEW: Ban calls the events over the past few days in Syria "brutally shocking" The eight-paragraph statement condemns the government's crackdown . It also calls for an end to violence by all parties .
id: edb205b2e79fd9751bfbf54fa69d1c5902599676
chatgpt: In a statement released earlier today, United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon condemned the events of the past few days in Syria as "brutally shocking." The eight-paragraph statement was a blistering condemnation of the government's crackdown on peaceful protests and the ensuing violence that has taken the lives of hundreds of people. "The use of force against peaceful demonstrators is unacceptable," Ban's statement said. "I call on the Syrian government to immediately cease its violent crackdown and to respect the rights of the Syrian people to freedom of expression, peaceful assembly, and association." The Secretary-General also called on all parties in Syria to end the violence and engage in a "Syrian-led process of dialogue and reform." He urged the Syrian authorities to "respond to the legitimate aspirations of the Syrian people for freedom, dignity, and human rights." Ban's statement was just the latest in a series of international condemnations of the Syrian government's brutal response to the ongoing protests in the country. The situation has been tense for months, with demonstrators calling for greater democracy and an end to the decades-long rule of the Assad family. Despite the widespread condemnation, the violence has continued, and the death toll has continued to rise. Human rights groups have documented numerous cases of arbitrary arrests, torture, and killings by government forces. The international community has been divided on how to respond to the crisis in Syria. Some countries, including the United States and the United Kingdom, have called for diplomatic pressure to be applied to the Syrian government, while others have called for more robust action, including military intervention. For its part, the Syrian government has denied all allegations of human rights abuses and has accused the protesters of being terrorists and foreign agents. The Secretary-General's statement comes at a critical time, as the violence in Syria shows no signs of abating. Ban has called on all parties to "show restraint and respect for human life" and to work towards a peaceful resolution of the crisis. With tensions high and the situation in Syria continuing to deteriorate, it remains to be seen what steps the international community will take to bring an end to the violence and help bring about a democratic future for the Syrian people.