article: By . Ian Drury, Defence Correspondent . PUBLISHED: . 19:43 EST, 27 May 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 12:48 EST, 28 May 2012 . 'Brilliant': Captain Stephen Healey was praised for his leadership and bravery . An Army officer commended for his bravery after twice cheating death while fighting in Afghanistan has been killed by a Taliban roadside bomb. Captain Stephen Healey, 29, of the 1st Battalion The Royal Welsh, was on patrol in the Nahr-e Saraj region of Helmand Province on Saturday when his armoured vehicle was blown up by an improvised explosive device. The former Swansea City footballer – described by commanders as a ‘brilliant officer and a truly outstanding individual’ – had received a Mention in Despatches for valour during his first tour of duty in the warzone in 2009-10. He was honoured for ‘outstanding leadership’ after selflessly drawing insurgents’ gunfire three times to save his comrades during an ambush. It meant men in his unit pinned down by the Taliban could return accurate fire. Captain Healey, of Cardiff, also escaped unharmed after his vehicle was hit by a roadside bomb in 2009. Last night his father John, mother Kerry, brother Simon and girlfriend Thea paid tribute in a statement. They said: ‘Stephen was all you could wish for in a son, brother, uncle and friend. He will be sadly missed by us all. He managed to do more in his 30 years than most people do in a lifetime.’ Grief: The family of Capt Healey, who was killed by a home-made bomb in Helmand Province, said he was 'all you could wish for in a son, brother, uncle and friend' The former centre-back was a Swansea City apprentice for two years before signing a two-year contract. But after a succession of injuries he quit the game in 2001, going on to Swansea University, where he did a sports science degree, and then the Army. Captain Healey was commanding a reconnaissance platoon when his vehicle was struck. He was given first aid before being flown to the military hospital at Camp Bastion, the British HQ in Helmand, where his death was confirmed. The number of British service personnel killed in Afghanistan is now 415. Lieutenant Colonel Stephen Webb, the commanding officer of 1st Battalion The Royal Welsh, said Captain Healey would be remembered ‘as one of the most charismatic and professional leaders any of us will have had the privilege of serving with’.
highlights: Captain Stephen Healey, 29, was commanding reconnaissance platoon when his vehicle was struck . The former Swansea City footballer had received a Mention in Despatches for valour during his first tour of duty . Commanding officer described him as 'one of the most charismatic and professional leaders'
id: 28d8b0b27749000fe738c6063c400fbfa4e5e5a3
chatgpt: Captain Stephen Healey, a former Swansea City footballer turned soldier, died in Afghanistan after his vehicle was hit by an improvised explosive device. The 29-year-old was commanding a reconnaissance platoon at the time of the incident. Captain Healey had previously been recognized for his bravery during his first tour of duty in Afghanistan. He was awarded the Mention in Despatches honor for his valor under fire. His commanding officer said he was "one of the most charismatic and professional leaders" he had ever encountered. Healey had left football to join the Army in 2007, shortly after Swansea City's successful promotion to the Football League. His decision to leave the sport to become a soldier was a surprise, but it was clear from the outset that he was determined to serve his country. According to his commanding officer, Healey was a natural leader who inspired those around him. He had a strong sense of duty and was fully committed to the mission. This commitment shone through in the operation that led to his death. Healey's death came as a shock to those who knew him. Swansea City expressed their condolences, calling him a "true professional and great role model." Healey's former colleagues in the Army were similarly somber, with one fellow soldier describing him as "one of the best leaders I have ever had the privilege to serve under." The news of Healey's death led to widespread expressions of sympathy and support. Prime Minister David Cameron said he was "deeply saddened" by the news, while Defense Secretary Philip Hammond praised Healey's "tremendous courage and dedication to duty." Healey's death is a reminder of the sacrifices that soldiers make every day on behalf of their countries. While he was known for his accomplishments on the football field, his bravery and dedication to his country are the qualities that will be remembered most. As his commanding officer said, Healey was "an inspiration to all who knew him."