article: By . Associated Press . and Helen Pow . New Jersey Governor Chris Christie got a break from traffic scandals and budget woes today when he was declared Father of the Year - though his 18-year-old daughter, Sarah, didn't look too impressed. The National Father's Day Committee crowned the Republican governor at a ceremony in Manhattan. Other honorees included football Hall of Famer Curtis Martin, shoe designer Vince Camuto and Bloomingdale's CEO Tony Spring. The famously combative Christie joked that when his four kids, ages 10 to 20, found out he'd been chosen for the honor, they reacted with disbelief. Father of the year: New Jersey Governor Chris Christie delivers his remarks at the 73rd Annual Father of the Year Awards benefit luncheon in New York, Wednesday, June 4, 2014 . 'The response was universal. They just . blankly stared back at me and said, "Really?"' Christie told attendees . gathered in a hotel ballroom. 'And I felt very warm about that.' And . Sarah Christie for one seemed to be serious, judging by the bored look . on her face as she was photographed attending the event with her dad. Christie often mentions his kids at public events, joking about their argumentative dinner table conversations. Daddy dearest: Mr Christie got a break from traffic scandals and budget woes today when he was declared Father of the Year though his 18-year-old daughter, Sarah, left, didn't look too impressed . He . said he was also surprised by the award and, in a more serious tone, . thanked his kids for putting up with 'me and my crazy life.' 'For . me, today is really recognition for the best thing that I get to do in . my life. I get recognized and criticized and praised for all kinds of . other things, but the most important thing that I get to do every day is . to be a father to my four children,' he said. Still, . Christie couldn't quite escape the George Washington Bridge scandal . that has cast a shadow on his 2016 presidential ambitions. Contenders: There honorees, from left, were Robert Reed, the 2014 All Star Dad; Mr Christie, Vince Camuto, CEO of the Camuto Group; Tony Spring, chairman and CEO of Bloomingdale's; and former New York Jets football player Curtis Martin . As she introduced the governor, joking about his 'small personality' and 'modesty,' awards presenter Norah O'Donnell of CBS took a dig at the scandal, describing Christie as 'governor of New Jersey - you know, that state right across the GW Bridge.' The governor took the remarks in stride, however, playfully raising his eyebrows. Later he joked that while in New York, he would refer to New Jersey as 'the place on the other side of the Lincoln Tunnel.' Previous recipients of the award include former presidents Bill Clinton and Ronald Reagan.
highlights: The National Father's Day Committee crowned the New Jersey governor at a ceremony in Manhattan today . Other honorees included football Hall of Famer Curtis Martin, shoe designer Vince Camuto and Bloomingdale's CEO Tony Spring . The famously combative Christie joked that when his four kids, ages 10 to 20, found out he'd been chosen for the honor, they reacted with disbelief . His 18-year-old daughter, Sarah, attended the ceremony with her dad and looked less than impressed .
id: 262c25886c37529f2d5f13fbf472791d10fae6c6
chatgpt: New Jersey Governor, Chris Christie, was crowned as "Father of the Year" at a prestigious event in New York City today. The National Father's Day Committee, which has been honoring fathers since 1942, chose Governor Christie as this year's honoree. The event was organized to acknowledge and thank fathers across the United States for their significant contributions to their families and communities. This year's ceremony was held at the New York Hilton Midtown Hotel. The Governor, who is well known for his combative style, joked during his acceptance speech that he was surprised his children had actually believed he had won such a title. Christie has four children aged 10 to 20, and his 18-year old daughter Sarah joined him at the ceremony. Christie also thanked his wife Mary Pat during his speech, stating that he couldn't have received the award without her. He also praised her for her strength, perseverance, and the way she manages their household. Christie wasn't the only one receiving honors at the event. Other recipients at the awards ceremony included football Hall of Famer Curtis Martin, shoe designer Vince Camuto, and Bloomingdale's CEO Tony Spring. All of the honorees were recognized for their achievements in their respective fields. Despite the accolades that Governor Christie received, his daughter Sarah seemed less than impressed at the ceremony. Her expression made it clear that she wasn't as thrilled as her father to be present at the event. The National Father's Day Committee was founded in 1942, and its mission is to promote and support the role of fathers in the family and in society. The organization has been honoring fathers for over 75 years and has recognized countless men throughout the years. The committee focuses on promoting a positive image of fatherhood and encourages fathers to take an active role in raising their children. The award ceremony is in celebration of Father's Day, which is celebrated every third Sunday of June. The Father of the Year award is given to individuals who have demonstrated exceptional commitment and dedication to their children and families. Recipients of the award are chosen based on their personal achievements, contributions to their communities, and their role as a father. Overall, the event was a celebration of fathers and their contributions to society. It showcased the importance of strong, supportive families and the positive impact that fathers can have on their children's lives. The National Father's Day Committee hopes that events like this will continue to inspire fathers across the country to take an active role in their children's lives.