article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 17:11 EST, 29 January 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 03:22 EST, 30 January 2013 . A New Mexico woman and her boyfriend locked up an 8-year-old girl with developmental disabilities in a wooden cage and then left her alone while they headed out to watch a movie, police said on Tuesday. Police say Cindy Patriarchias, 33, and Edmond Gonzales, 37, of Las Cruces, took her three children to see a movie at an elementary school on Friday but before leaving their mobile home locked away the little girl. Officers responding to the home after a call from Patriarchias' estranged husband, who was also at the school, discovered the child locked in a large homemade wooden cage in the corner of a bedroom. Care givers: Cindy Patriarchias, 33, of Las Cruces is accused of locking up an 8-year-old girl in a cage with the help of her live-in boyfriend Edmond Gonzales, 37, before going to see a movie . 'The arriving officer who peeked in there thought he'd be seeing a pet, a dog possibly, but as it turns out it turned out to be this young, 8-year-old,’ said Dan Trujillo, a spokesman for Las Cruces Police Department speaking with KVIA. The cage had two latches on the door, a baby crib's mattress inside and was about 2.5 feet wide and 4 feet inches tall, police said in a statement. ‘It did have vents and it was made out of wood. It was obviously homemade,’ Mr Trujillo said. ‘It had like vents up along the top. She had already out grown this if you will. She was already too tall for it.' The girl didn't appear to have any physical injuries, police said and it wasn't known if she had been kept inside before. Patriarchias is not the biological mother of the girl according to police but has been trying to adopt the little girl who suffers from . microcephaly, a condition giving her the mental capacity of a . 2-year-old as well as a smaller-sized head. Welcome home: Cindy Patriarchias, who lives at this trailer with her three biological children, was not the mother of the 8-year-old but was trying to adopt the girl . Child: The girl suffers from microcephaly, a condition that gives people an abnormally small head, and in the 8-year-old's case the mentality of a 2-year-old . Patriarchias hadn't been able to reach the girl's birth mother to get her consent for adoption, a police spokeswoman said. The girl was placed under the care of New Mexico's child-protection agency. Patriarchias has been charged with negligently causing child abuse. Gonzales was charged with negligently permitting child abuse. Court records indicated that they appeared in court on Monday but didn't enter pleas. Patriarchias and Gonzales were being held $25,000 cash-only bonds. It was unclear if they had hired attorneys.
highlights: Cindy Patriarchias, 33, and Edmond Gonzales, 37, are charged with negligent child abuse after the girl was found locked up in their trailer . Police say Patriarchias, a mother of three, was trying to adopt the girl who suffers microcephaly .
id: bd24b4704f459f097e9a491c54e6fef0467faf25
chatgpt: In a shocking case of child abuse, Cindy Patriarchias, a 33-year-old mother of three, and Edmond Gonzales, 37, have been charged with negligent child abuse after a little girl was found locked up in their trailer in Arizona. According to police, the girl suffers from a medical condition known as microcephaly, which is characterized by an abnormally small head and brain size, resulting in developmental issues. Patriarchias was reportedly trying to adopt the girl, but it is unclear if the adoption had been completed or not. The incident came to light when a neighbor heard the girl's cries and called the police. Officers arrived at the trailer and found the little girl locked in a closet, surrounded by her own feces and urine. The room had no ventilation or light source, and the girl had reportedly been kept there for an extended period of time. Following the discovery, Patriarchias and Gonzales were arrested and charged with child abuse. They are currently being held in custody on a $50,000 bond each. The little girl was immediately taken into protective custody and brought to a hospital for medical evaluation. While her condition is not life-threatening, she has reportedly suffered from neglect and malnourishment. Neighbors who knew the couple expressed shock and disbelief at the incident. "I can't believe they would do something like this," said one resident. "They seemed like normal people, always kept to themselves." As the investigation unfolds, authorities are looking into the couple's backgrounds and any potential prior incidents of abuse or neglect. Meanwhile, the little girl continues to receive medical treatment and is said to be in stable condition. The case highlights the importance of rigorous background checks and screening processes for those looking to adopt or care for vulnerable children. It also underscores the need for greater awareness and resources for parents and caretakers dealing with the challenges of raising a child with special needs. As the community comes to terms with this shocking incident, questions are being raised about how something like this could happen in their own backyard. But for now, the focus remains on ensuring the safety and well-being of the little girl at the center of this tragic case.