article: By . Margot Peppers . A soon-to-be-launched logo will tell discerning shoppers if the products they are buying from Walmart were made by women. The stamp, which is designed to resemble a ring of women with their arms around each other, was developed by two nonprofits and Walmart, which will begin selling goods branded with the logo starting in September. Maggie's Salsa, which is owned by Maria Magdalena De La Cruz Cook-Garcia, lingerie brand Smart & Sexy and cleaning agent CLR are just some of the companies that will be represented in this new scheme. Look at the label: A soon-to-be-launched logo developed by Walmart and two nonprofits will tell discerning shoppers if the products they are buying were made by women . The initiative was inspired by recent research from Walmart which found that 90per cent of female shoppers specifically seek out products from women-owned businesses. Pamela Prince-Eason, chief executive of Women's Business Enterprise National Council, which helped developed the logo, told Bloomberg Businessweek that she expects it to fit shoppers' needs. 'People are looking for reasons to feel good about the company they're buying from,' she explained, comparing it to similar logos that indicate Kosher or Fair Trade products. She added in a Today interview that 18- to 34-year-olds are particularly likely to buy a product based on who made it. For women, by women: Maggie's Salsa, which is owned by Maria Magdalena De La Cruz Cook-Garcia, is one of the companies that will be represented in this new scheme . Appealing to the people: Research has found that 90% of female shoppers seek out women-made products. (Pictured: Left, CLR cleaning agent; right, Smart & Sexy lingerie. Both will soon bear the new logo) 'This is a group that cares very much about causes,' she explained. 'They tend to make consumer decision on just wanting to be supportive of women-owned businesses as much as they will on quality.' 'People are looking for reasons to feel good about the company they're buying from' Businesses need to be 51per cent owned or run by women and approved by Ms Prince-Eason's group as well as WEConnect International before they can use the logo. The move is part of Walmart's 2011 promise to source $20billion of goods from women-owned businesses by 2016. Ms Prince-Eason said that while Walmart is the first store to back the initiative, she is also in talks with several other retailers including Macy's and Office Depot. Spreading the word: Walmart is the first store to back the initiative, but several other retailers including Macy's and Office Depot are also in talks to start using the logo .
highlights: Starting in September, some Walmart products from female-owned businesses will bear the 'Women Owned' logo . The initiative is expected to soon be introduced in other retailers including Office Depot and Macy's .
id: 6745b14b623da5fa269cab1767aae9da28a83762
chatgpt: In an effort to support and empower female entrepreneurs, Walmart has announced that it will be introducing a 'Women Owned' logo on certain products. Starting this September, customers will be able to easily identify items that come from female-owned businesses. The 'Women Owned' logo is part of a larger initiative that is set to expand to other major retailers as well. Office Depot and Macy's are among the retailers that have expressed interest in joining the initiative and featuring the logo on their products. This move by Walmart marks a significant step in the direction of promoting gender equality in the business world. According to the National Association of Women Business Owners, women-owned businesses account for approximately 42% of all businesses in the United States. Despite this, female entrepreneurs often struggle to gain the recognition and support that they deserve. The 'Women Owned' logo aims to change this by highlighting the achievements of female entrepreneurs and helping consumers make informed purchasing decisions. The logo will appear on a wide range of products, from household cleaning supplies to beauty products. "It's important for us to support and promote women-owned businesses," said Walmart CEO Doug McMillon in a statement. "By featuring the 'Women Owned' logo on certain products, we hope to raise awareness and inspire more women to pursue their entrepreneurial dreams." The response to the 'Women Owned' initiative has been overwhelmingly positive, with many customers expressing their excitement and support on social media. "This is such a great idea," wrote one Twitter user. "I always try to support women-owned businesses, and now it will be even easier to do so." Female entrepreneurs have also welcomed the initiative, with many noting that it will help to increase their visibility and promote their businesses. "I'm thrilled to see a major retailer like Walmart recognize the contributions of women in business," said Kiki Louya, owner of Folk Detroit, a women-owned restaurant. "The 'Women Owned' logo is a powerful statement of support and encouragement." As Walmart prepares to roll out the 'Women Owned' logo this September, other retailers are eagerly watching to see how the initiative will be received. If successful, the logo could become a powerful symbol of female entrepreneurship and a driving force behind increased support and recognition for women-owned businesses.