article: Viewing several episodes of your favourite TV show in one session is bad for your health, researchers claim. A study has found that binge-watching series such as Game Of Thrones, Breaking Bad or Broadchurch is linked to depression and loneliness. People who suffer from low moods are more likely to spend hours or days viewing multiple episodes of their favourite programme online or on DVD box set. But by doing so they could neglect work, relationships and even their family. Danger: Marathon TV sessions, known as binge-watching, may actually be a sign of poor metal health . The researchers from the University of Texas at Austin said that binge-watching should no longer be considered a ‘harmless addiction’ and that people should think twice before settling in for a long session in front of the TV. They studied 316 people aged 18 to 29, asking how often they watched TV and how often they experienced negative emotions such as loneliness and depression. The findings showed a direct link. The worse somebody felt, the more likely they were to watch a lot of TV in an apparent attempt to avoid their low mood. The team’s full results will be presented at the Conference of the International Communication Association in Puerto Rico in May. However lead researcher Yoon Hi Sung said that the findings should be a wake-up call. ‘Even though some people argue that binge-watching is a harmless addiction, findings from our study suggest that binge-watching should no longer be viewed this way,’ she said. ‘Physical fatigue and problems such as obesity and other health problems are related to binge-watching and they are a cause for concern. When binge-watching becomes rampant, viewers may start to neglect their work and their relationships with others. ‘Even though people know they should not, they have difficulty resisting the desire to watch episodes continuously.’ Fears: The more lonely and depressed people were, the more likely they were to binge-watch - presumably to 'block out' their negative feelings, the U.S. researchers suggest . Millions of viewers in Britain own boxed sets or subscribe to services such as Netflix that give unlimited online access to films and TV shows. When an episode from a series ends on Netflix, it automatically starts screening the next episode after 15 seconds. In 2013 it made House Of Cards available all in one go online, rather than releasing an episode a week. Netflix has more than 3million UK subscribers – one household in ten – according to TV industry analysts BARB. Amazon Prime Instant Video has more than 1.2million while Sky has 10million viewers. A survey conducted by Netflix defined ‘binge-viewing’ as watching 2.3 episodes in one go. However many watch more than that. In one study a US student reported watching 49 episodes of Lost in two weeks – an average of 3.5 episodes per day.
highlights: Watching TV for long periods of time can lead to obesity and exhaustion . 'Binge-watchers' are more likely to lack self-control and have addictions . University of Texas researchers said it's no longer a 'harmless addiction' They said people will watch TV as a distraction when they are feeling low .
id: f47a2ee2b835da23f6a8fefaa5c451ceb3f47f1a
chatgpt: University of Texas researchers have warned that spending long periods of time watching television can lead to obesity, exhaustion, and addiction. In particular, they found that so-called 'binge-watchers' are more likely to lack self-control and suffer from addictive behavior. The study comes amid growing concern over the impact of technology on our health and wellbeing. While plenty of attention has been paid to the effects of social media and online gaming, the researchers say that traditional television viewing can have a similarly damaging impact. Part of the problem, they suggest, is that TV is often used as a way of distracting ourselves from negative emotions. When we're feeling low, we might turn to our favorite TV show as a way of tuning out the world and temporarily numbing our feelings. However, doing so can have longer-term consequences. The research found that people who regularly binge-watch TV are more likely to experience sleep disturbances, fatigue, and lowered mood levels. They are also more likely to struggle with addiction to other substances, such as drugs or alcohol. The researchers say it's time for people to consider the effects of their TV viewing habits more carefully. Rather than simply watching out of habit or to pass the time, they suggest adopting a more conscious approach. This could involve setting limits on the amount of time we spend in front of the TV, or choosing to watch shows that have been specifically recommended to us by people we trust. It could also involve paying more attention to our mood and the reasons behind our desire to tune into a particular program. The research suggests that those who take a more mindful approach to their TV viewing are less likely to suffer from the negative side effects of binge-watching. In particular, they are less likely to feel exhausted or burned out, and they are less likely to experience cravings for other substances. Overall, the University of Texas study suggests that we need to start thinking about the impact of our TV viewing habits in the same way that we think about the impact of our diet or exercise habits. By taking a more conscious and mindful approach to our relationship with TV, we can avoid many of the negative consequences associated with excessive or addictive viewing. So next time you feel like settling down to watch your favorite show, take a moment to consider why you're doing it – and whether it's really the best choice for your health and wellbeing.