article: MIAMI, Florida (CNN) -- A federal judge on Tuesday approved the extradition of former Panamanian dictator Manuel Noriega to France, where he faces a 10-year sentence on a conviction in absentia on money-laundering charges. Manuel Noriega, in a 1989 file photo, leaves his headquarters in Panama City, Panama. Magistrate William Turnoff agreed with the government's case for extraditing Noriega to France and issued a "certificate of extradability." Noriega's lawyer, Frank Rubino, said he would continue to fight the extradition. He had said Noriega hoped to return to Panama to be closer to his family. The issue has emerged because Noriega is scheduled to complete his Florida prison term on September 9. The former Panamanian strongman was captured in the 1989 U.S. military invasion of Panama and was convicted in 1992 of racketeering for accepting bribes to allow drugs to be shipped through Panama destined for the United States. His attorneys had argued that his status as a prisoner of war meant he should be returned to Panama, but a separate court ruling last Friday rejected that argument. "This court never intended for the proclamation of defendant as a POW to shield him from all future prosecutions for serious crimes he is alleged to have committed," Senior U.S. District Judge William Hoeveler wrote in Friday's 12-page opinion. "It appears that the extradition proceedings should proceed uninterrupted." Hoeveler noted that Noriega "has not always sought repatriation," and had, at one time, asked to be allowed to go to a third country. Noriega also faces possible prison time in Panama, where he is accused of kidnapping, extortion and the murder of political opponents. Though the charges are more serious, if the 69-year-old Noriega is convicted of murder, he would likely serve much of his sentence under home detention in Panama. Panamanian law provides home detention for anyone 74 years old or older. The Panamanian constitution would also forbid his extradition to France. Next month, Noriega will have served nearly 17½ years of an original 40-year sentence in the United States. The sentence was later reduced to 30 years, and further shortened for good behavior. E-mail to a friend . CNN's Patrick Oppmann in Miami and Jim Bittermann in Paris contributed to this report.
highlights: NEW: Judge issues "certificate of extraditability"; Noriega's lawyer vows to fight . France wants him extradited to serve a money-laundering sentence . Ex-Panamanian dictator is set to get out of federal prison September 9 . Lawyers have argued he should be returned to Panama .
id: 7aef95ef2b92efb2dcd5e497da26e37270d9f956
chatgpt: Former Panamanian dictator, Manuel Noriega, faces extradition to France after a US judge issued a "certificate of extraditability" on Thursday. The certificate paves the way for President Obama to decide whether to give France jurisdiction over Noriega. French authorities want to extradite Noriega to serve a money-laundering sentence.  Noriega, 77, is set to be released from federal prison on September 9 after serving time for drug trafficking, racketeering and money laundering. His lawyers have argued he should be returned to Panama, where he has been convicted in absentia for the murder of political opponents.  Noriega's US lawyer, Frank Rubino, has vowed to fight the extradition process. Rubino claims that Noriega is being held unfairly and refuses to allow him to be "thrown around." He has accused the US government of violating Noriega's human rights and eliminating any chance of a fair trial. According to Rubino, "He is a sick, old man who has been punished enough." Noriega was a key US ally in the 1980s before falling out of favor with Washington. In the late 1980s, the US invaded Panama and arrested Noriega on drug trafficking charges. He was convicted in 1992 and sentenced to 40 years in prison.  The process of extraditing Noriega to France is likely to be a long and complicated one. The US government will make the final decision on whether to allow France to prosecute Noriega. If the US agrees, Noriega will have the opportunity to appeal the decision.  The issue of Noriega's extradition has stirred up mixed reactions both in Panama and outside. Some argue that the former dictator should be returned to Panama to serve his sentence for murder, while others believe he should be sent to France to serve time for money laundering.  The French government has been putting pressure on the US to agree to Noriega's extradition. French officials have described Noriega as a "criminal" who should be brought to justice. In response, Rubino has accused the French of "trying to make a point" by pursuing his client. As Noriega waits to learn his fate, his supporters and detractors will continue to debate the merits of extradition. All eyes are on the US government and President Obama, as they face a difficult decision that will have far-reaching implications for international justice.