article: Just moments after he'd been celebrating Jake Quickenden's 10-star performance in the live Bush Tucker Trial on Sunday, Jimmy Bullard was back in the thick of it. Thinking he was immune from facing a challenge for at least another day, the former Wigan man was shocked when asked to take part in a bonus trial for an extra treat. Reluctantly, the 36-year-old followed Quickenden's lead and faced the Critter Cube - part two. Scroll down for video . Jimmy Bullard takes part in the second instalment of Monday's 'Critter Cube' Bush Tucker Trial . A terrified looking Jimmy was told he would have to put his hand in a box of three snakes. In reference to one of Bullard's previous tasks involving snakes, host Ant McPartlin joked: 'That last snake didn't like you...it's not the same snake.' To which his partner-in-crime Declan Donelly quipped: 'But they've been talking to the other snake!' Surprise: Ant and Dec explain to Jimmy just exactly what he will have to do in the Critter Cube . Pep talk: Jake Quickenden who sailed through his challenge gives Jimmy a bit of moral support . Nervous: The tension builds as Jimmy confronts his 'worse nightmare' - snakes . Building courage: Jimmy waits nervously for the klaxon to start the one minute long trial . Despite the luxury of having two attempts at the trial, Jimmy cried: 'This is a bad one for me. This is probably my worst nightmare. I'm not sure about this situation.' But the former footballer bravely agreed to give it a go as he stepped into a glass cube where there stood a small box containing three pythons. It's in: The footballer manages to get his hand into the glass box after much coaxing . He proceeded to creep his hand through a tube into the box where he had to pick up six coloured tiles that were under the snakes. Failing his first attempt, Bullard swallowed his fear and went back for more, this time completing the challenge with time to spare. By the looks of his celebrations it was as though he'd won the FA Cup, Premier League title and Champions League all in one go.
highlights: Jimmy Bullard took part in a surprise Bush Tucker Trial aired on Monday . The former footballer had to plunge his hand into a box filled with snakes . Shaken Bullard successfully completed the task with time to spare .
id: aeacad6b71570b2b947f9b69db27efb279a37d28
chatgpt: Former professional footballer Jimmy Bullard took part in a surprise Bush Tucker Trial that aired on Monday's episode of "I'm A Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here!" The segment featured Bullard plunging his hand into a box filled with snakes, which left him visibly shaken but ultimately successful in completing the task with time to spare. Bullard, a former midfielder who played for clubs such as Wigan Athletic and Hull City, seemed apprehensive as he approached the box. The hosts urged him to remain calm as he braced himself to reach into the container filled with slithery creatures. It wasn't long before the snakes began to move, causing Bullard to jump and his hands to shake. The former athlete was cheered on by his fellow contestants, who eagerly watched as he dug deeper into the box, searching for the required number of stars. Despite the initial shock and discomfort, Bullard found his rhythm and managed to retrieve all of the stars within the given time frame. Upon completing the task, Bullard exclaimed, "I can't believe I've just done that!" and hugged his fellow contestants in relief. The surprise Bush Tucker Trial gave viewers a chance to see a different side of Bullard, who is normally known for his quick wit and easygoing personality. The former footballer appeared vulnerable as he faced one of his biggest fears on national television, which endeared him to many watching at home. Bullard's successful completion of the Bush Tucker Trial was no small feat. The show's challenges are notoriously difficult and designed to test even the most daring contestants. Bullard's triumph in the face of adversity is a testament to his resilience and competitive spirit. As viewers continue to follow Bullard's journey on "I'm A Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here!" there's no doubt that the former footballer will continue to surprise and impress with his skills and adaptability. Whether he's scoring goals on the pitch or facing off against snakes in the jungle, Bullard has proven time and time again that he's always up for a challenge.