article: (CNN) -- Britain's Andy Murray claimed his third title of the season with a straight sets thrashing of Donald Young of the United States to win the Thailand Open Sunday. Top seed Murray made no mistake as he swept aside Young 6-2 6-0 in just 47 minutes to add to his victories in Cincinnati and at Queen's Club in London. "I just played really well," Murray told the official ATP website. "Towards the end of the first set he started to play a bit better, but once I got up in the second I hardly made any mistakes." Murray will now head to the Japan Open in Tokyo where the draw is headed by world number two Rafael Nadal, who beat him in the semifinals of the U.S. Open. Murray is hoping to overtake Roger Federer for the world number three spot by the end of the season. "It's a very good start. Roger (Federer) always plays very well on the European indoor courts, so I'm sure I'm going to have to win a lot more matches if I want to finish No. 3. That's the goal and I'll keep working hard to give myself a shot at doing that," he added. Young could not repeat his success over Murray at Indian Wells but will move into the top 50 for the first time after his run to the final. In other ATP final action Sunday, Serbia's Janko Tipsarevic captured the first career title as he beat Marcos Baghdatis of Cyprus 6-4 7-5 in the Malaysian Open. Tipsarevic, seeded third, had been the only player in the Top 20 without an ATP title and had lost his previous four finals. On the WTA Tour, French Open champion Li Na suffered a shock defeat in front of her home fans as she lost in straight sets to Romanian qualifier Monica Niculescu. Li has struggled since her Roland Garros triumph and lost 6-4 6-0 for her second straight first round exit, leaving the crowd in Beijing stunned.
highlights: Britain's Andy Murray claims third ATP title of the season . Murray beats Donald Young 6-2 6-0 to win Thailand Open in Bangkok . Serb Janko Tipsarevic wins first ATP title of his career in Malaysia . Home star Li Na beaten in first round of China Open .
id: 17c286aa0d5eb9a0cb0d18f60678dd7fe4f235c1
chatgpt: Andy Murray claimed his third ATP title of the season by winning the Thailand Open in Bangkok. The British player defeated Donald Young with a comfortable 6-2, 6-0 victory in the final on Sunday. This is Murray's 41st career title and his second in Bangkok. The first set was a bit of a battle, with Murray trading breaks with Young early on. However, the Brit managed to pull away and win the set 6-2. The second set was a completely different story as Murray dominated every aspect of the game, winning it 6-0. This win sets Murray up well for the upcoming Shanghai Masters, where he will be hoping to regain his world number one ranking. The win also puts Murray in a good position for the ATP World Tour Finals in London in November, where the top eight players compete for the title. Meanwhile, in Malaysia, Serb Janko Tipsarevic claimed the first ATP title of his career, defeating top-seed Marcos Baghdatis 6-4, 7-5 in the final. Tipsarevic, who has been in good form this season, was able to overcome Baghdatis in a closely fought match to lift the trophy. In other news, home star Li Na suffered an early exit from the China Open, losing in the first round to unseeded Monica Niculescu. Li Na, who won the tournament in 2011, was unable to find any rhythm and lost 6-4, 6-0 in just over an hour. The China Open, one of the biggest events in the Asia Pacific region, sees many of the world's top players compete. This year's tournament will see the likes of Rafael Nadal, Elina Svitolina, and Garbiñe Muguruza take center stage. As the season comes to a close, players will be looking to make a final push in the remaining tournaments to secure their place in the ATP World Tour Finals in London. With Murray and Tipsarevic claiming titles over the weekend, it is sure to be an interesting few weeks as the world's best players battle it out for the coveted year-end championship.