article: Nearly three-quarters of American adults who use the Internet have witnessed online harassment, while 40 per cent have experienced it themselves, according to a new first-of-its-kind report. Young adults, aged 18 to 29, were the most likely age group to see and undergo online harassment. Women aged 18 to 24 were disproportionately the victims of stalking and sexual harassment, according to the survey by Pew Research Center. Women aged 18 to 24 were more likely to be the victims of stalking and sexual harassment online according to the survey (stock image posed by models) The types of harassment Pew asked about range from name-calling to physical threats, sexual harassment and stalking. Half of those who were harassed said they didn't know the person who had most recently attacked them. When asked to describe their experience of harassment, respondents referred to social media in their answers. Graph showing age groups of Internet users being harassed on different web locations . 'I was harassed and threatened through messages and comments on my Facebook page', one wrote. 'I had someone use Facebook to try to spread nasty rumors about me', another wrote. Although women were found to be the victim of stalking and sexual harassment more often, men were more likely to be called offensive names than women. Graph showing harassment on social media, online gaming and comments section of websites . Of all Internet users (89 per cent of the U.S. population), 32 percent of men and 22 percent of women were called names. Men were also more likely to be physically threatened. People who have more information available about them online, and those who work in the tech industry and promote themselves online, were also more likely to be harassed on the Internet. Thirty-eight percent of people who were harassed online said a stranger was behind the threats, and another 26 percent didn't know who the person was. Two-thirds of those who were harassed said the most recent incident took place on a social networking site or app, while 22 percent saw it happen in the comments section of a website. Meanwhile, 16 per cent said it happened in online gaming. Just five per cent of those who were harassed reported the incident to law enforcement, while nearly half confronted the person online. Just under half (44 per cent)  said they un-friended or blocked the person. Not everyone said they were hurt by online harassment but 14 per cent of people found their most recent incident 'extremely upsetting,' and 22 percent said it was 'not at all upsetting.' The rest of the people surveyed had reactions in between. The telephone and online survey was conducted between May 30 and June 30 2014 among 3,217 respondents. It has a margin of error of plus or minus 2.2 percentage points. Graph showing who is responsible for online harassment - most of whom are unknown to their victims .
highlights: Women aged between 18 to 24 are most likely to be victims of stalking and sexual harassment online . Young adults between 18 to 29 are most likely to be harassed online . Almost three quarters of American adults have witnessed online harassment - with 40% having experienced it themselves . 89% of the U.S. population are Internet users .
id: ba59bc36e864bb7a70bd3980e59a62855add92b3
chatgpt: A new report has revealed that women aged between 18 to 24 are most likely to be victims of stalking and sexual harassment online. The findings come after surveys were conducted across the United States, revealing the extent of online harassment that is prevalent across the country. The report highlights an important issue that is often not talked about enough; that many people, particularly women, suffer from harassment on the internet. According to the report, young adults between 18 to 29 are most likely to be harassed online. Alarmingly, almost three quarters of American adults have witnessed online harassment, with 40% having experienced it themselves. This highlights the pressing need for action to be taken to tackle online harassment and make the internet a safer place for everyone. The report also revealed that 89% of the U.S. population are Internet users. This means that the vast majority of people are exposed to the potential risks of online harassment. It's clear that something needs to be done to protect these users from online harassment and cyberbullying. The report provides an opportunity for policymakers and tech companies to come together and develop solutions to protect users from online harassment. Several online services have already taken steps towards creating a safer online environment, but there is still much more that can be done. Social media platforms can play a significant role in reducing online harassment. One way is by providing more robust reporting systems that make it easier for users to report abuse. Adopting a zero-tolerance policy towards online harassment will also be influential in combating the issue. Companies and their users must actively work together to create a safer online culture. Online safety education is also a key factor in creating a safer online environment. Online safety education should be targeted at younger internet users in particular, with courses designed to raise awareness about cyberbullying and online harassment. Taking steps to educate people about the severe implications of online harassment, including mental health issues and the overall negative impact on people's lives, will help to create a safer online environment for all users. While online harassment remains a significant issue, it is not something that can be solved overnight. It will require a concerted effort by policymakers, tech companies, and individuals to help create a safer online environment. By working together, it's possible to overcome online harassment and make the internet a safer place for all. Overall, the findings of the report illustrate the scope of the issue of online harassment and cyberbullying in the United States. It's time for all stakeholders to come together to tackle this pervasive problem head-on. We must take swift action, educate ourselves and future generations about the importance of online safety and work together to create a safer online environment.