article: (CNN) -- Andy Murray started the 2014 season off slowly, which might have been predicted given he had back surgery last fall. He picked up his game at the French Open only to suffer a bewildering loss to Grigor Dimitrov at Wimbledon as the defending champion. Things almost got worse for Murray on the opening day of the U.S. Open, as he suffered from cramps throughout his body before seeing off Dutchman Robin Haase 6-3 7-6 1-6 7-5 on Monday. Despite Murray being in distress, Haase couldn't serve out the fourth set and also squandered a break chance in the final game when he netted a fairly routine forehand volley. For much of the last two sets, Murray struggled with his movement, didn't get pace on his serve and clutched at his body. Haase was "incapable of taking his opportunity," Boris Becker, the coach of world No. 1 Novak Djokovic who was analyzing the match for Sky Sports, said. "Murray was presented to Haase on a silver platter in that fourth set but Robin didn't like it." Murray, known for his endurance, said he began to cramp after an hour and 45 minutes. That wasn't "normal," he added. "And then I didn't really know what to do in that third set, because my quads were cramping and then I started to get it in my lats so when I was throwing the ball up to serve, and then in my forearms," Murray told Sky. "I didn't know whether to conserve energy or to try and finish it in three sets, but then I got broken at the beginning of the set. I just tried to hang around. I was trying to play without using my legs much." Murray -- taken to five sets by Haase in New York in 2011 -- was also left wondering why his body let him down. "I need to work out why that happened today because it shouldn't happen after an hour and 45 minutes regardless of the temperature," he said. "It was hot but it wasn't particularly humid and we didn't play loads of long rallies in the first couple of sets, either." If it was only down to cramps, Murray could very well make a complete recovery and the 2012 champion caught a break in the draw because his next opponent is Matthias Bachinger, not tricky Czech Radek Stepanek. Bachinger upset Stepanek in straight sets. In the women's draw, second-seed and French Open finalist Simona Halep survived a scare, too, eventually overcoming inexperienced American Danielle Rose Collins 6-7 6-1 6-2. There were victories for fourth-seed Agnieszka Radwanska, sixth-seed Angelique Kerber and 19th-seed Venus Williams. Williams, 34, beat the nearly 44-year-old Kimiko Date-Krumm 2-6 6-3 6-3.
highlights: Andy Murray begins his U.S. Open by toiling past Robin Haase in four sets . 2012 champion Murray is hoping to find his form after slumping since July . Women's second-seed Simona Halep rallies to beat a young American . Agnieszka Radwanska, Angelique Kerber and Venus Williams also through .
id: a6a2890c7c2ad31bb6db8655d097bdf74bce43c7
chatgpt: The 2012 U.S. Open champion and former world number one, Andy Murray, kicked off his campaign at the Flushing Meadows on Monday with a hard-fought victory against Robin Haase. Murray, who has been struggling with his form since his defeat at Wimbledon this year, won the match 6-3, 7-6, 1-6, 7-5 against the Dutchman after a four-set battle that lasted for over three and a half hours. Haase, who is ranked 70th in the world, pushed Murray to the limit in the second and fourth sets but couldn't convert his opportunities. Murray was able to hold his nerve and edge past his opponent to record his first win at a major since his return from hip surgery. The Scot will now face Fernando Verdasco in the second round of the competition. Speaking after the match, Murray said, "It was a tough first match, but I'm glad that I was able to come through it. Robin played really well, especially in the second set, and made it difficult for me. I'm still not playing my best tennis, but I'm hoping to improve as the tournament progresses." In the women's draw, Simona Halep, the second-seed, rallied from a set down to beat youngster Nicole Gibbs 6-3, 3-6, 6-2 in her opening match. Halep, a two-time Grand Slam finalist, struggled to find her rhythm in the match but managed to dig deep and come through in the end. "I'm happy to have won my first match," Halep said. "It wasn't easy out there, and Nicole played really well. But I was able to raise my level in the third set and get the win." Elsewhere, former world number two, Agnieszka Radwanska, cruised past Petra Martic 6-1, 6-2, while Angelique Kerber, a former U.S. Open champion, beat Margarita Gasparyan 7-6, 6-3. Seven-time Grand Slam champion Venus Williams also progressed to the second round with a 6-0, 6-3 win over Svetlana Kuznetsova. The U.S. Open, one of the most prestigious tennis events in the world, is being held without fans due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The players are under strict protocols and are being tested regularly to ensure the safety of everyone involved. The tournament has already seen some upsets, with reigning men's champion Rafael Nadal withdrawing from the event due to concerns over the virus. With Murray and Halep both off to winning starts, fans will be curious to see if they can continue their form throughout the competition. All eyes will now be on the second round matches as the action heats up at the Flushing Meadows.