article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . UPDATED: . 12:08 EST, 9 December 2012 . Sentenced: Jose David Diaz-Marrero was sentenced to eight years for burglarizing a home and snorting what he believed was crushed pills and were actually human and canine ashes . A man who was convicted of breaking into a Florida home and snorting the ashes of two dogs and an elderly man has been sentenced to eight years in prison. Jose David Diaz-Marrero, 20, broke into a home in Silver Springs Shores in 2010, and stole two urns that contained the remains of the homeowner’s father and two Great Danes. He and fellow alleged burglars, Waldo Soroa, 21, and Matrix Andaluz, 19, reportedly snorted the remains, thinking they were crushed pills. They were horrified to find out days later when they watched a news report that they had actually snorted ashes. Diaz-Marrero pleaded guilty to burglarizing the house in June. He and his accomplices were also accused of stealing $1,500 worth of jewellery and laptop computers. Appearing in court last Friday, he apologized for what he did. ‘I recognize that I made a big mistake,’ he told Judge Sandra Edwards-Stephens, according to Ocala.com. ‘I wish the victims were here so that I could tell them how sorry I am,’ he said. The urns contained the remains of homeowner Holli Tencza’s father, as well as her two purebred Great Danes, Epic and Samson. Alleged accomplices: Waldo Soroa, 21, left, and Matrix Andaluz, 19, right, are also facing charges in the burglary; they allegedly joined Diaz-Marrero in snorting ashes . Diaz-Marrero will spend the next eight years in prison, and will pay Ms Tencza $9,000 in restitution. Once they realised their error, the suspects discussed returning the remaining ashes but threw them in a lake instead because they thought their fingerprints were on the containers, said police . They, along with two juveniles who cannot be named, allegedly stole the cremated remains of the man and two dogs. According to reports, they believed the ashes to be drugs. Investigators learned what happened to the ashes after they arrested five teens in connection with another burglary attempt at a nearby home. 'The suspects mistook the ashes for either cocaine or heroin. It was soon discovered that the suspects snorted some of the ashes believing they were snorting cocaine,' the sheriff's report said. Once they realized their error, the suspects discussed returning the remaining ashes but threw them in a lake instead because they thought their fingerprints were on the containers. Police divers were trying to recover the ashes. The suspects were jailed on numerous burglary and other charges.
highlights: Jose David Diaz-Marrero sentenced to eight years in prison after he was convicted of burglarizing woman's home and snorting her dead father's ashes in 2010 . Police reports state that Diaz-Marrero believed ashes to be crushed-up pills or other drugs .
id: 7fdd3ef53e8d25a868f881c44df22f0817af53a5
chatgpt: In a shocking case of burglary, a man named Jose David Diaz-Marrero has been sentenced to eight years in prison after being convicted of breaking into a woman's home and snorting her dead father's ashes. The bizarre incident took place in 2010, but it left the woman and her family grief-stricken and traumatized.  According to police reports, Diaz-Marrero entered the woman's house when she was away and ransacked the place. He then spotted a small urn on a shelf and, thinking the ashes were a stash of drugs, proceeded to snort them. It was only later that he realized his mistake but by then, the damage had been done.  The woman, who declined to be named, said in a statement that the incident was a violation of her family's privacy and dignity. "My father's ashes were all I had left of him and he was desecrated in the most depraved manner," she said. "It's something that my family and I will never forget." Diaz-Marrero was eventually caught and charged with multiple offenses including burglary, criminal mischief, and abuse of a dead human body. During his trial, he claimed that he was under the influence of drugs at the time of the incident and did not realize what he was doing. However, the judge rejected his defense and gave him the maximum sentence possible, citing the seriousness of the crime. The case has attracted widespread attention and criticism for its shocking nature. Many people have expressed outrage that someone could show such callous disregard for a person's remains and invade their private space. Some have also questioned the justice system's ability to handle cases of this nature and whether the punishment was commensurate with the crime. However, others have argued that Diaz-Marrero got what he deserved and that he should be held accountable for his actions. They say that the sentence sends a strong message to others who might contemplate such heinous acts and that justice has been served in this case. Whatever the opinion, there is no denying the tragedy of the incident and the impact it has had on the woman and her family. Losing a loved one is never easy, but having their remains treated in such a manner is beyond comprehension. Hopefully, this case will serve as a reminder to everyone to respect the dignity and privacy of the dead and to honor their memory in a way that is fitting and respectful.