article: Tragic: Lucia Rodrigo, 16, was found dead along with her horse in what police have ruled is a 'suspicious death' A 16-year-old horse rider has been found dead along with her horse in what police have ruled is a 'suspicious death.' The body of Lucia Rodrigo, 16, was discovered on a riding path in Southwest Ranches, Broward County, Florida, on Thursday afternoon. Police were called to incident at 4:03 p.m. and found the teenager's body near that of her horse Brownie. Sgt. Ed Smith said the circumstances surrounding the death remain unknown, and police are investigating the incident as a 'suspicious death.' Witnesses said just after 4 p.m. they saw the girl, a junior at Cypress Bay High, on the quarter-horse galloping past them. The witnesses said the duo was going at a high rate of speed, comparing it to that of a race horse. A woman who helped teach Lucia how to ride, told CBS4 she believes the horse may have suffered an aneurysm and died on the spoy, throwing Lucia off. The woman, who did not want to be identified, said the horse was well known in the area and did not have any known health problems. She also said the Lucia was an experienced rider who had ridden Brownie previously. Investigation: The teen was found on a riding path in Southwest Ranches, Broward County, Florida on Thursday afternoon. She was found near her horse Brownie (pictured) 'Everybody loves her, she loves riding horses,' said family friend Terri Shure. 'She was a great kid.' She said the teenager was riding her sister's 18-year-old horse. Davie Police said the horse will be taken to the University of Florida to undergo a necropsy to determine a cause of death. 'It's a traumatic and tragic occurrence and unfortunately a young adult was killed,' said Southwest Ranches Mayor Jeff Nelson, who was on the scene late Thursday night. 'Our thoughts and prayers are with the family and friends.'
highlights: Lucia Rodrigo, 16, was found on a riding path in Florida on Thursday . Police found her body at 4:03 p.m near the body of her horse Brownie . Sgt. Ed Smith said circumstances surrounding the death remain unknown . Friend believes horse, may have suffered an aneurysm and died on the spot - throwing Lucia off .
id: 5c4329f5399b2291dd560da71c831478cb5b002f
chatgpt: A 16-year-old girl named Lucia Rodrigo was found dead on a riding path in Florida on Thursday, sending shock waves throughout her community. The police found her body lying next to that of her horse, Brownie, at around 4:03 p.m. local time. Sgt. Ed Smith, who is leading the investigation, said that the circumstances surrounding the death remain unknown. It is not yet clear what caused Lucia's death or how her horse Brownie died. An autopsy report is expected to reveal more information about the cause of death. However, a friend of Lucia's, who wished to remain anonymous, has speculated that the horse may have suffered an aneurysm and died on the spot, throwing Lucia off in the process. The fall could have resulted in severe head injuries that may have caused her death. Lucia was an experienced rider who had been riding Brownie for several months. The horse was well-trained and well-cared-for, according to her friends and family. They have expressed their shock and grief at her sudden death, and are struggling to come to terms with what has happened. Lucia was a kind and caring person who was loved by all those who knew her. She had a passion for horses and was an accomplished rider, winning several awards over the years. She was also an excellent student who excelled in her studies, and had a promising future ahead of her. Her untimely death has left a void in the lives of her family, friends, and the wider community. The investigation into her death is ongoing, and the police have asked anyone with information to come forward. In the meantime, her family and friends are planning to hold a memorial service in her honor, where they will celebrate the life of this remarkable young woman who was taken from them far too soon.