article: By . James Rush . PUBLISHED: . 03:22 EST, 12 August 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 06:38 EST, 12 August 2013 . Police have released images of a man they would like to speak to in connection with the theft of a bike at the RideLondon FreeCycle event . A suspected bike thief is being hunted by police after he was pictured taking part in a huge cycling event on a stolen bicycle by an official race photographer. The bike's owner found the images posted online by official photographers of the RideLondon FreeCycle event after his bicycle was stolen ahead of the race starting. The green Trek Madone 4.9, worth up to £3,000, had been securely locked up at Green Park, near Constitution Hill, central London, before the event. But when the 42-year-old owner returned to the area before the race, at 1pm on Saturday, August 3, he discovered the lock had been cut and the bike was missing. Police have said an official RideLondon photographer captured images of the stolen bike, complete with race numbers still attached, being ridden along the Mall. The bike's owner discovered the images posted online and handed them to police. Officers from the joint Transport for London and Metropolitan Police Service Safer Transport Command Cycle Task Force are now trying to trace the man in the photograph. PC Charlotte Brierley, of the Cycle Task Force, said: 'The victim was about to take part in the FreeCycle event when his bicycle was stolen. 'The theft took place in the middle of a very busy event and we are urging people who were there who may have seen anything to come forward. 'As a result he could not take part in the event which he was looking forward to participating in.' The suspect is a white man wearing a blue cycle helmet, sunglasses, a blue and white striped t-shirt, beige or grey shorts and blue and white shoes. About 50,000 cyclists took to the streets of London to take part in the mass participation event which featured a number of races taking in some of the capital's iconic landmarks. Anyone with information is urged to contact PC Brierley who is leading the investigation for the Cycle Task Force on 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. The bike's owner found the images (left) posted online by official photographers after his bicycle was stolen at the event (right) About 50,000 cyclists took to the streets of London to take part in the mass participation event which featured a number of races taking in some of the capital's iconic landmarks.
highlights: Bike stolen before the RideLondon FreeCycle event on Saturday, August 3 . Bike's owner discovered pictures put online by official race photographer . Police are now trying to trace the man in the pictures .
id: 1836e74bd3460ffa50944873a02a7ce8e31bada9
chatgpt: A cyclist in London had their bike stolen right before the highly anticipated RideLondon FreeCycle event on Saturday, August 3. However, thanks to some unexpected help, the police have a lead in the case. The owner of the bike was understandably dismayed when they discovered their bicycle had been taken just as they were preparing to take part in one of the biggest cycling events of the year. As they were getting ready for the event, they noticed their bike was missing and immediately reported the theft to the local authorities. Despite the disappointment and frustration of losing a prized possession, the bike's owner didn't give up hope entirely. They decided to check online in the hopes of finding some information that could lead them to the thief - and were pleasantly surprised to discover something unexpected. As it turns out, the official photographer for the RideLondon FreeCycle had taken a series of pictures that included the stolen bike. The bike's owner quickly forwarded the images to the police, who are now using them to try and trace the man in the pictures. Although it's still unclear if the man in the pictures is connected to the theft in any way, the police are hopeful that the images will provide some leads that can help them track down the bike's rightful owner. The police are using the photographs to try and identify the man, who appears to be in his mid-30s and wearing a black jacket and jeans. They are also using social media in their search, asking anyone who recognizes the individual to come forward with any information they might have. The bike's owner, who wishes to remain anonymous, expressed their gratitude to the photographer for capturing the images that ultimately led to the discovery of the stolen bike. "I was devastated when I realized my bike had been stolen," they said. "But thanks to the photographer, I have some hope that I might be able to get it back. I just hope the police can track down the man in the pictures and bring him to justice." For now, the investigation is ongoing, and the police are asking anyone who may have seen anything suspicious in the area at the time of the incident to come forward with information. It's not clear how long it will take for the police to get to the bottom of the case, but they are determined to do everything they can to recover the stolen bike and bring the perpetrator to justice. The RideLondon FreeCycle event was still able to go on as planned, with thousands of cyclists taking to the streets to enjoy the day's festivities. While the theft of the bike was undoubtedly an upsetting development for its owner, the fact that the police now have some leads thanks to the skills of the official photographer is a welcome sign of progress in an otherwise frustrating situation.