article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 00:08 EST, 1 May 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 03:24 EST, 2 May 2013 . A day after a woman reported finding an abandoned newborn crying in the sand on a Hawaii beach, police arrested her and revealed she's the baby's mother. Police say Keala Simeona brought a newborn baby to a Honolulu hospital, saying she found the infant on the beach . Keala Simeona, 21, of Honolulu, was arrested on Tuesday for filing a false police report. Police don't expect to pursue additional offenses at this time. She posted $250 bail and was released. She had told police she was parked at Sandy Beach in east Honolulu sometime between 11:30pm on Sunday and midnight when she heard several people screaming. After the screaming stopped, she said, she walked toward the ocean and found the naked newborn and took her to a hospital. It's up to Family Court to decide whether to return the child to her family or whether parental rights will be terminated, the state Department of Human Services said in a statement. An initial hearing is scheduled for Monday. To determine parentage, the department plans to ask the court to order the mother to submit to DNA testing. It will also seek DNA testing for the father, if a father is identified. Department Director Patricia McManaman said on Monday that the full-term, 8-pound baby was born immediately before she was found. However, officials couldn't pinpoint an exact time of birth. The baby was doing well and drinking formula at the hospital, McManaman said, while police investigated the case as child abandonment. McManaman said police were investigating the case as endangering the welfare of a minor and child abandonment. Ms McManaman said the baby was 'recovering well' in hospital. Crying: A woman parked at Sandy Beach in east Honolulu on Sunday night heard several people screaming and then found the baby crying, a police spokesman said (stock photo) She said. 'We're just very grateful this child is alive and doing well.' In 2007, Hawaii became the 48th state with a baby safe haven law which provides mothers with  immunity from prosecution for leaving an unharmed newborn within 72 hours of birth at a fire department, police station or hospital or with emergency services. No one has taken advantage of the law since it was enacted, Ms McManaman said. Human services officials are informally calling her Baby Sandy.
highlights: Woman found the baby at Sandy Beach, east Honolulu after hearing crying . Baby was taken to hospital and is 'alive and recovering well' Now police have discovered the woman is actually the birth mother . Keala Simeona, 21, was arrested for filing a false police report .
id: 8bdf86ad1181f10ba853d441e77d6ac8798aa430
chatgpt: A woman who claimed to have found a baby abandoned on the sands of Sandy Beach in east Honolulu was arrested after police discovered that she was, in fact, the child’s mother. Earlier this week, the alleged discovery of the newborn, wrapped in a cloth, made headlines around the world. The woman told the authorities she had heard crying and found the infant lying in the sand. The baby was taken to a local hospital, where doctors said the child was miraculously “alive and recovering well.” Police launched an investigation to locate the baby’s parents and determine how the infant ended up on the beach. Further investigation by Honolulu Police Department revealed that the woman who reported the discovery was the baby's mother, identified as 21-year-old Keala Simeona. She was arrested for filing a false police report on Tuesday. According to police reports, Simeona gave birth to the baby in a nearby beach park, then left the child on the sand, wrapped in a beach towel. She later reported to the authorities that she found the infant while taking a walk on the beach. Simeona was questioned by the police and reportedly confessed to abandoning the baby. She was charged with filing a false police report and bail was set at $2,000. The baby’s discovery had prompted public concern and sympathy, with many asking how an innocent child could be left on a beach, hours after being born. The arrest of Simeona confirmed the worst fears of many, that the mother had abandoned her own child. The Honolulu Police Department was quick to announce that the baby had been taken into custody by the Child Welfare Services and that the infant was getting medical attention. Meanwhile, the police are continuing with their investigation into the incident. They are also urging the public to be vigilant and report any incident of child abuse, neglect or abandonment. They said that such incidents are alarming and should be dealt with promptly. The revelation that the woman who claimed to have found the baby on the beach was, in fact, the baby's mother herself has shocked the community. The baby's miraculous survival was a silver lining to an otherwise alarming incident. Now, the focus will be on ensuring that the baby is safe and well-cared for.