article: This shocking picture shows how a young woman's face was savagely ripped apart by a female gang member as part of an 'initiation ceremony'. The victim, named only as Leanne, 22, was set upon as she walked alone through a park in Southend, Essex. She was dragged to the floor by her hair before the crazed attacker repeatedly scratched her fingernails down her face. Attack: Leanne, 22, is left with a bloodied face after being clawed by a suspected gang member in an unprovoked park attack in Southend, Essex . Three men kicked her in the legs and body as she lay in a bloody mess before fleeing with her black Nike bag. Police fear the attacker targeted Leanne as part of an initiation process for a gang responsible for a recent spate of street robberies in Southend, Leigh and Westcliff, Essex. She has released this bloodied picture of herself to help police catch the woman and the gang of four men she was with. The incident happened as she was walking through Southchurch Park, near Woodgrange Drive, Southend. Attacker: This is an efit of the woman yob police are hunting over the lunchtime park attack on Leanne, 22 . Leanne, who lives in Southend, was so traumatised that when she called 999 she was unable to even give them her surname. A passer-by comforted her until police and paramedics arrived, and took her to Southend Hospital for treatment. She could now be left with permanent scarring. Police have also released an e-fit of the woman attacker. Southend Inspector Matt Bennett said: 'There seems to be a completely unnecessary level of violence that's quite horrific. 'There's no reason why this level of violence has been used, it was totally unprovoked. 'There . are theories as to why this happened - maybe somebody tried to prove . themselves to the gang, but that's only a theory at the moment. 'Whatever the motivation, it's thoroughly unjustified and disgraceful behaviour.' Leanne was robbed of her bag containing £62 cash, a gold chain, store cards and documents. The . woman who led the attack was thought to be in her early 20s, about 5ft . 1in tall, either tanned or of mixed race with dark-coloured hair in a . pony tail. She wore a grey tracksuit, and would have had blood all over her trousers. Three of the men with her were black, and the victim described them as aged about 25. One was wearing a red hooded top and the others had black hoodies. One of them had a red bandana over his face. A fourth man helped drag the woman to the ground. He was white, in his 20s, skinny and wearing a black jumper.
highlights: Leanne, 22, may be left with permanent scarring after the unprovoked attack in Southend, Essex . Three men kicked her legs and body as she lay on the floor before fleeing with her bag . Officers issue an e-fit of the attacker they are hunting following the 'unjustified and disgraceful' incident .
id: 6e3f278efa646bfa0ab61be867f71197e70924b1
chatgpt: A 22-year-old woman named Leanne has been brutally attacked in Southend, Essex. The attack left her with serious injuries and there is potential that she will be left with permanent scarring as a result of the unprovoked violence. According to reports, Leanne was approached by three men who proceeded to kick her legs and body repeatedly as she lay on the floor. The attackers then fled the scene of the crime with Leanne's bag. Police are now searching for the individuals who carried out the "unjustified and disgraceful" attack. In an effort to apprehend the culprits, officers have issued an e-fit image of the attacker they are currently hunting. They are hoping that anyone who recognizes the man in the image will come forward with information that could lead to the arrest and prosecution of the individual responsible for the attack. The brutal attack has shocked the community and many are calling for justice to be served. Leanne's family and friends have been left devastated by the incident and are urging anyone with any information to come forward and speak to the police. Chief Inspector Mark Colquhoun, who is leading the investigation, has condemned the attack and has vowed to bring those responsible to justice. He said, "This was a horrific attack on a young woman who was simply going about her business. It is unacceptable and we will not tolerate this kind of behavior in our community. We are doing everything that we can to track down the individuals responsible and bring them to justice." Local residents have also expressed their shock and outrage at the incident. One resident, who did not wish to be named, said, "It's awful to think that something like this could happen in our town. I hope they catch the people who did this and make sure they are held accountable for their actions." The attack has once again raised concerns about the safety of young women in public spaces. Many are calling for increased measures to be put in place to protect vulnerable individuals and prevent similar incidents from happening in the future. Leanne's story serves as a stark reminder of the need to remain vigilant and aware of our surroundings when we are out and about. It is also a reminder that anyone can be a victim of violence, regardless of their age or gender. As the investigation into the attack continues, we can only hope that justice is served and that Leanne receives the support and care that she needs to recover from her injuries, both physically and emotionally.