article: By . Jonathan McEvoy . Nigel Mansell believes that the world championship fight between Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg will go down to the last race of the season, a scenario that will put Formula One’s most controversial rule in the spotlight. The final round of the championship will carry double points for the first time, meaning either man would need to be 51 ahead going to Abu Dhabi to be assured of taking the title. With Rosberg now leading by 29 points, Mansell said: ‘So Hamilton is a few points behind but there’s so many more races to go. I don’t see it as a problem. On the way back: Lewis Hamilton needs a win at Silverstone to keep pressure on teammate Rosberg . Overshadowed: Hamilton is second to Rosberg in the standings but a win would put him back within reach . In the spotlight: Former world champion Nigel Mansell talks to the media at Silverstone . ‘There’s nothing really, with a lot of races. Are their cars both going to finish? I think it will come down to what reliability each one of them has. ‘Destiny will determine it. It will come down to the last race. In fact, it can be an advantage to come from behind because if Lewis starts to perform a little bit better than Nico, the pressure will transfer from Lewis to Nico.’ Hamilton has won four races to Rosberg’s three so far, but mechanical problems, whether brought about by ill luck or by pushing too hard, means he trails by more points than the score of a race win, 25. On top: Rosberg has not outraced Hamilton many times this season but has been more reliable . Tension: Hamilton knows it could all come down to the last race of the season when the points count double . Mansell knows what it is like to lose the title despite winning more races than the champion. It was a fate he suffered in his final two F1 seasons, including to his Williams team-mate Nelson Piquet. ‘I’ve been there and done that,’ he said. ‘I know how that feels. ‘I don’t think all the mechanical problems in the end will be with Lewis. There will be a few spanners thrown into the works somewhere.’ Been there, done it: Mansell celebrates on the podium after winning the British Grand Prix in 1991 .
highlights: Hamilton trails Rosberg by 29 points . Points earned in final Grand Prix count double . Either driver would have to be 51 points clear to win before Abu Dhabi . Hamilton fastest in Silverstone practice .
id: f68b6d596faf775db63a054e8982f4cc85bdac7c
chatgpt: The 2021 Formula One season has been nothing short of thrilling, with two of the sport's biggest names, Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg, battling it out for the top spot. As the season reaches its halfway point, it's become clear that Rosberg holds a significant lead over Hamilton, with a 29 point advantage heading into the final stretch of the season. However, there is still hope for Hamilton and his fans. The Formula One championship includes a unique twist, with points earned in the final Grand Prix of the season counting double. This means that either driver would have to be at least 51 points clear of their rival to declare a victory before reaching the final race of the season in Abu Dhabi. Hamilton has shown that he is not one to give up easily, as evidenced by his impressive performance in Silverstone practice. The British driver was the fastest on the track, giving his fans some much-needed hope that he could close the gap between himself and Rosberg before the season's end. Of course, Rosberg is not one to be underestimated either. The German driver has been in fantastic form this season, racking up win after win and proving himself to be one of the strongest drivers on the grid. He'll undoubtedly be looking to maintain his lead and clinch the championship in style once the final races come around. The battle between Hamilton and Rosberg is just one of many intriguing storylines in the 2021 Formula One season. Other top drivers, including Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel and Red Bull's Daniel Ricciardo, have also been putting in strong performances, keeping the season's results unpredictable and exciting for fans. As the season heats up, it's anyone's guess who will come out on top. Will Hamilton be able to make up ground on Rosberg and close the gap before the final race? Or will Rosberg continue his dominant form and cement his place at the top of the standings? One thing's for sure – it's going to be a thrilling ride to the finish.