article: (CNN) -- Jamie Donaldson claimed the first European Tour title of his career with a resounding four-stroke victory at the Irish Open on Sunday. The Welshman made sure of his first win in 255 attempts with a closing six-under par round of 66 at Royal Portrush in Northern Ireland -- the first time the event has taken place north of the border since 1953. "I guess it takes some people longer than others, and it's taken me a lot longer than I thought to win," Donaldson said. "The first three years went too quickly and then I was out for a year with injury, so I didn't find my feet too soon after that, and then I lost my way a bit. But over the last two to three years I feel as though I have been building to this win and it's just so nice to be finally holding this trophy," he added. The 36-year-old started his final round trailing Sweden's Mikael Lundberg who set off at a blistering pace going out in 29 strokes. But Donaldson immediately set about reclaiming his overnight lead, bagging three birdies in the opening four holes to set the tone for the rest of an assured final round. A bogey four at the par three 11th hole was followed by birdies at the 12th, 14th and 15th holes. Another bogey at the 16th failed to unnerve Donaldson who closed out like a champion birdieing the closing two holes to finish the week on 18-under par. Donaldson, who pocketed a winner's check of â‚¬333,330, finished four shots clear of England's Anthony Wall, Rafa Cabrera-Bello from Spain and Paraguay's Fabrizio Zanotti in second. Wall, who was paired with Donaldson during Sunday's round, paid tribute to the Welshman afterwards. "I've never doubted him. He's a class act and a super, super player, and he deserves everything he gets because he does work hard and he's got loads of talent," Wall said, EuropeanTour.com reported. Hopes of an Irish winner faded on Sunday when Padraig Harrington could only manage a closing round of 70 to finish six shots adrift of Donaldson in tie for seventh place with Scotland's Craig Lee (68) and David Drysdale (66). Rory McIlroy had too much ground to make up on the final day but finished with a bogey-free round of 67 to claim a share of 10th place on 11-under par.
highlights: Welshman claims maiden European Tour win at 255th attempt at Irish Open on Sunday . The 36-year-old Donaldson finishes on 18-under par to claim â‚¬333,330 first prize at Royal Portrush in Northern Ireland . England's Anthony Wall finishes in a tie for second; Padraig Harrington's challenge fades with final round 70 . Rory McIlroy posts final round 67 to finish in tie for 11th .
id: 83b84ba4f63f65c7cbed8cdedcdd6f354a2ea3cd
chatgpt: Welshman Jamie Donaldson finally broke his European Tour duck at the Irish Open on Sunday, winning at the 255th attempt. Donaldson saw off challenges from England's Anthony Wall and the fading challenge of Padraig Harrington to finish on 18-under par and scoop the €333,330 first prize. The 36-year-old Donaldson had come close to European Tour victory with three second place finishes in his career, but finally got over the line in the picturesque surroundings of Royal Portrush in Northern Ireland. Donaldson shot a final round of 66 to seal the victory, finishing three shots clear of Wall, who carded a 69. Harrington, who was leading at the halfway stage, saw his challenge fade with a final round of 70 as he finished five shots behind Donaldson. Northern Ireland's own Rory McIlroy had to settle for a tie for 11th place after a final round 67 left him on 10-under par for the tournament. However, it was Donaldson's day as he finally claimed his first European Tour victory after a long and frustrating wait. "It's been a long time coming but I always knew I had it in me," Donaldson said after his win. "I'm thrilled to finally get over the line and win a European Tour event." Donaldson had shown signs of form leading up to the tournament, finishing tied for seventh in the BMW Championship in May. He continued that good form through the four rounds at Royal Portrush, with consistent play seeing him steadily move up the leaderboard. His final round of 66 included six birdies and two bogeys, and was enough to see off the challenge of Wall and Harrington, who both had their chances to take control of the tournament but were unable to capitalise. Donaldson will now look to build on his breakthrough victory and push on for more success in the European Tour. "I know I can compete at this level and I'm looking forward to the rest of the season," he said. The Welshman's victory also provided a welcome boost for Welsh golf, which has struggled to produce top-level winners in recent years. Donaldson's win may inspire a new generation of Welsh golfers to aim for success on the European Tour.