article: Lucas Leiva has admitted he is open to a move away from Liverpool and could join Napoli in search of regular football. The Brazil international has only featured seven times for Brendan Rodgers' side this season with his current deal at the Merseyside club ending in 2017. The 27-year-old nearly joined Napoli in the summer, a move which would reunite him with former Liverpool boss Rafael Benitez in Serie A. Lucas Leiva (left), who has fallen down the pecking order at Liverpool, could join Napoli in Serie A . 'Is it possible that Lucas could leave Liverpool in January? Yes, naturally. Lucas likes Rafael Benitez a lot. After all, the two know each other well from when the Spaniard was coaching Liverpool,' Lucas' agent Henrique Coelho told Calciomercato.com. Having only made two Premier League starts this campaign Lucas has revealed he is open to a move away with limited playing time under Rodgers. 'I must think about leaving as there is no room for me at Liverpool,' Lucas told Radio Marca. 'I'm not speaking to anyone at the moment because I'm under contract, but I am looking around, given I am not playing. Lucas, being replaced by Steven Gerrard, is open to a move away from Anfield to gain regular football . 'There was contact with Napoli last summer, but the parties didn't reach a satisfactory agreement. The situation at Napoli was not advantageous for everyone but despite that, I know Rafa Benítez has always had a lot of faith in me. 'I want to play but at the same time, I need to be patient. I need to find a solution, be it at Liverpool or some other club. In the past there were rumours linking me to Atlético Madrid, but there was nothing concrete,' Lucas added. Lucas has fallen down the pecking order behind captain Steven Gerrard, Jordan Henderson and Joe Allen in the Liverpool midfield this season, despite their slow start. The 27-year-old, in the Capital One Cup against Middlesborough, has been on the fringes of the first team .
highlights: The Brazil international has only made seven appearances this season . Lucas Leiva is open to a move in January with Napoli interested . The midfielder could link up with former Liverpool boss Rafa Benitez .
id: d671e9efbf48cedce3b1a954b0a622773220a3fc
chatgpt: Lucas Leiva, the Brazil international midfielder who has only made seven appearances for Lazio this season, is reportedly open to a move in the January transfer window. Napoli is said to be interested in signing the 32-year-old, who could potentially link up with former Liverpool manager Rafa Benitez at the Serie A club. Leiva, who has been with Lazio since 2017, has fallen down the pecking order in Simone Inzaghi's side this season. The midfielder has not started a league game since October, and it appears that he is now looking for a move away in the January transfer window. The midfielder has built a strong reputation during his time in Europe, having spent 10 years at Liverpool before moving to Lazio. His experience and leadership qualities would undoubtedly be a valuable asset to any team, and Napoli are reportedly keen to bring him in to bolster their midfield options. Leiva has previously worked with Napoli boss Benitez during his time at Liverpool, and it is believed that the Spaniard is keen to reunite with the Brazilian. While Leiva has not publicly stated his desire to leave Lazio, it is clear that he is open to the possibility of a move to Napoli. The move would make sense for both parties. For Leiva, it would provide him with the chance to play more regularly and potentially secure a place in Brazil's squad for next year's Copa America. For Napoli, the signing of Leiva would give them depth in midfield and add some much-needed experience to their squad. However, it remains to be seen whether Lazio are willing to let Leiva leave in January. With the midfielder under contract until 2022, the Italian side may demand a significant transfer fee for his services. Nevertheless, if Napoli are able to secure a deal for Leiva, it would be a shrewd piece of business that could pay dividends in the second half of the season. As the January transfer window approaches, there is sure to be plenty of speculation surrounding Leiva's future. While it is not yet clear where the midfielder will end up, it is certain that he will be looking for more playing time and a chance to showcase his talents on the pitch. Whether that opportunity comes at Napoli or elsewhere, it is clear that Leiva is ready for a new challenge in 2020.