article: By . James Chapman . PUBLISHED: . 19:17 EST, 21 June 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 19:17 EST, 21 June 2013 . Family: Prime Minister David Cameron with his youngest child Florence . David Cameron has indicated he is ‘perfectly happy’ for him and his family to eat genetically modified foods that have been deemed safe by watchdogs. Sources close to the Prime Minister said he took the same view as Environment Secretary Owen Paterson, who said this week that he had eaten GM foods and would happily feed his children a genetically modified tomato. As the Government launched a push to end an effective ban on GM products in British supermarkets, Downing Street repeatedly declined to say whether Mr Cameron would eat them or give them to his family. But yesterday a source close to the Prime Minister told the Mail: ‘Of course he would happily eat GM products that have been through proper procedures. ‘Anyone who has ever eaten a meal in the United States has almost certainly eaten GM, since almost all the soya produced there has been genetically modified for many years. ‘The point is we can’t carry on damning an entire technology as “Frankenstein foods”. Surely the sensible thing is to judge each product on its merits or demerits.’ Mr Paterson prompted a row with critics of GM foods this week when he insisted that they are safer than those produced using conventional farming methods. He blamed European resistance to the technology for depriving the Third World of products such as ‘golden rice’, which is engineered to contain high levels of vitamin A to help prevent blindness. Grub's up: David Cameron, pictured eating a pie at Borough Market, seems not to be worried about GM produce . Controversy: Environment secretary Owen Paterson viewing a genetically modified crop trial in Hertfordshire . Ministers claim British farmers and scientists are being forced to work with ‘one hand tied behind their backs’ because of an effective moratorium on GM products, which has been in place since they became the focus of controversy in the 1990s. Mr Paterson insisted there was ‘no scientific evidence associating GMOs [genetically modified organisms] with higher risks’ for the environment or human health. He said studies showed that the use of ‘more precise technology and the greater regulatory scrutiny probably makes GMOs even safer than conventional plants and food’. Greenpeace UK’s chief scientist, Dr Doug Parr, said it was ‘hard to take lessons on science’ from Mr Paterson and added that biotechnology not using genetic modification was already making a ‘real difference’.
highlights: Government pushing to end effective ban on GM products in supermarkets . A source said Mr Cameron would 'happily eat GM products'
id: 8dad4178193a764f8580cf5bd9659a79858cea01
chatgpt: The UK government is reportedly making a strong push to lift the effective ban on genetically modified (GM) products in supermarkets. According to sources, Prime Minister David Cameron is personally in favor of the move and would "happily eat GM products." Currently, GM products are only sold in the UK on a limited basis. However, regulations around importing and selling such products are set to be relaxed in the coming years, in order to align more closely with the rules of the European Union. The UK government, however, sees this as an opportunity to go further and lift the effective ban on GM products. Officials argue that GM has the potential to increase crop yields, reduce food waste, and improve the nutritional value of crops. Proponents also say that GM products can be an important tool in the fight against climate change. For example, crops that have been genetically modified to be more drought-resistant could help farmers in arid regions produce more food with less water. Critics, however, argue that the risks associated with GM products are not fully understood. There are concerns that GM crops could have unintended consequences for human health or the environment. Some also argue that GM products are designed to benefit large corporations rather than local farmers or consumers. For these reasons, GM products have been controversial and divisive issue in the UK for many years. However, the government's recent push to end the effective ban has met with resistance from some quarters. Environmental groups and many members of the public remain unconvinced of the benefits of GM, and have called for more research and caution before any further regulatory changes are made. As one activist stated, "We need to be sure that these products are safe and that they won't have unintended consequences before we start flooding our supermarkets with them." Despite these concerns, the UK government remains committed to lifting the effective ban on GM products in supermarkets. It has already expressed its support for the technology in a number of ways, including investing in GM research and development. The debate over GM products in the UK is likely to continue for some time. Both sides make strong arguments, and the potential benefits and risks of GM technology are still being researched and debated. However, with the government pushing to end the effective ban, it seems likely that the UK will be seeing more GM products on its supermarket shelves in the not-too-distant future.