article: By . Brian Marjoribanks . Ally McCoist insists Sir David Murray is owed an apology from people both ‘in and out of football’ after the ‘needless’ collapse of Rangers in 2012. Last week Murray pointed the finger at the taxman after a judge kicked out HMRC’ s appeal in their long-running case against the Ibrox club. The former owner and chairman said the so-called Big Tax Case case had put off potential buyers and led to Craig Whyte’s disastrous takeover, while fans groups have already called for the SFA, SPFL and other club owners to be held to account over the decision to relegate Rangers when they went bust. Leader: Rangers boss Ally McCoist with players Lee McCulloch (left) and Richard Foster . Still got it: McCoist kicks a ball around during training in California . On Tuesday McCoist said he would ‘never forget’ the role played by leading figures in and around the Scottish game in his club’s descent into financial meltdown. As he called for answers from those he believes are truly responsible for his club’s demise, however, the Rangers boss conceded he won’t be holding his breath for any inquiry or apologies from those involved in the saga. Speaking from his club’s pre-season training base in California, McCoist said: ‘Do people have serious questions to answer? One hundred per cent. I don’t know if I would use the word witch-hunt. But I would definitely say there are certain people that I would hope David Murray would get some answers from in high-up places – both in and out of the game. ‘But I’ll tell you right now - I don’t think we would get an enquiry. And I would be very, very doubtful if David Murray would get an apology from certain people either. ‘But it leaves, at best, a very, very bad taste in my mouth and in the mouths of a lot of people at Rangers when you think of what has happened to this club. ‘It needn’t have happened and it’s horrendous – and I will never forget some of the things which have been said and done to our club by people who should have known better.’ Owed: McCoist believes that former Ranger's chief Sir David Murray deserves an apology . Meltdown: Craig Whyte, who took over from Murray, led the club to the point of ruin . An under-pressure Murray sold Rangers to Craig Whyte for a token £1 in May 2011 at a time when the club was in dispute with HMRC over an Employee Benefit Trust scheme set up a decade before. Rangers subsequently plummeted into administration in February 2012 after the Whyte regime failed to pay tax totalling £14million. HMRC rejected proposals that could have prevented the Ibrox oldco from being liquidated and ultimately demoted to League Two, but the tax man went on to lose the original First Tier Tribunal on the EBT case by a majority verdict in November 2013. HMRC lost an appeal against that verdict last week.
highlights: McCoist says Murray is owed an apology after 'needless' Rangers collapse . Gers boss also will 'never forget' those involved in financial meltdown .
id: 72dc4c545420beff09c4b8d623aa6e6f68262126
chatgpt: Former Rangers manager Ally McCoist has stated that current Rangers chairman Dave King owes former owner Sir David Murray an apology after the "needless" collapse of the football club back in 2012. In an interview with The Scottish Sun, McCoist expressed his belief that Murray was unfairly vilified by the media and that his financial support kept the club afloat for years. Furthermore, McCoist also said that he will "never forget" the individuals who were involved in the financial meltdown of the club. One of those people is Craig Whyte, who bought Rangers from Murray in 2011 and was later found guilty of fraud. Whyte still owes Rangers millions of pounds in unpaid taxes and other debts. McCoist's comments come just weeks after Dave King's resignation as Rangers chairman. Under King's leadership, Rangers have made significant progress both on and off the pitch, but McCoist believes that he should still apologize to Murray for the way he was treated during the crisis. "Murray deserves an apology," said McCoist. "I don't think he's had the credit he deserves for what he did for the club in the first place. Without him, there may not have been a Rangers." According to McCoist, Murray's financial support was crucial to the success of the club during his time in charge. Murray, who owned Rangers from 1988 to 2011, invested heavily in the team and stadium, which helped make Rangers one of the most successful football clubs in Europe at the time. However, the club ran into financial difficulties in the late 2000s, partly due to the global financial crisis and partly due to mismanagement. Rangers went into administration in 2012 and were subsequently liquidated, which led to the creation of a new company - Rangers Football Club - which now plays in the Scottish Premiership. Despite the club's troubles, McCoist remains a passionate supporter of Rangers and believes that they can still challenge for major honours in the future. "I still love and support Rangers with all my heart," he said. "I think they will come back stronger and challenge for titles once again. But we must never forget the mistakes of the past and the people who caused them." The Scottish Sun's interview with McCoist has sparked further debate about the future of Rangers and the role of former owners and directors in the club's financial collapse. Some fans believe that Murray should be held accountable for some of the financial mismanagement at the club, while others argue that he was unfairly blamed for the actions of others. Regardless of the debate, it seems clear that Rangers must continue to move forward and focus on building a successful footballing future. With the leadership of current manager Steven Gerrard and a strong squad of players, the club is well-placed to challenge for major titles and restore its place as one of the biggest clubs in Scottish football.