article: Kabul, Afghanistan (CNN) -- Roadside bombs killed two service members in separate attacks Friday in southern Afghanistan, NATO said, marking the  eighth death in the region in the past three days. On Thursday, five Americans were killed in an improvised explosive device attack. An additional service member died Thursday in a similar strike in eastern Afghanistan. No other information was provided. The rash of attacks comes on the heels of the worst single-incident loss of life for Americans since the Afghan war started nearly a decade ago. Thirty U.S. service members, including 17 Navy SEALs, were killed Saturday when their helicopter was apparently shot down by insurgent fire in the eastern central province of Wardak. Sgt. Daniel J. Paton, 26, of Canton, Ohio, was also killed that day in a roadside bomb in Helmand province. The attacks coincide with a NATO drawdown and a transition of security to national forces. Ten thousand U.S. soldiers are scheduled to depart Afghanistan by year's end, with the full drawdown set for the end of 2014. "The endgame for NATO is to hand over security responsibility over all of Afghanistan to the Afghan security forces," said Brig. Gen. Carsten Jacobsen, a spokesman for the NATO-led International Security Assistance Force. "Once we have achieved that, the NATO mission can come to an end." Critics question the readiness of Afghan security forces, particularly those operating in the country's restive eastern and southern border provinces. Jacobsen said NATO forces aim to provide a more manageable scenario for local forces "against only very reduced numbers of terrorists." But, he said, it "will have to be seen in the three and a half years that we've got left." Newly appointed U.S. Ambassador to Afghanistan Ryan Crocker said last month that a U.S. military presence in the country could extend beyond the 2014 date. Still, he emphasized that America "has no interest in permanent bases in Afghanistan." "We will stay as long as we need to and not one day more." Roughly 150,000 International Security Assistance Force members are deployed in Afghanistan, including fewer than 100,000 from the United States. Meanwhile, NATO reported Friday that two insurgents were killed and several more detained after a joint coalition-Afghan operation in the northern Baghlan province. The raid targeted a "Taliban facilitator" responsible for coordinating a network of suicide bombers who were preparing an "imminent attack" on provincial government officials. The whereabouts of the facilitator are not clear. NATO says coalition forces also detained an insurgent leader in Kandahar province, a Taliban heartland often considered their birthplace.
highlights: NEW: Two NATO service members die in IED attacks in southern Afghanistan . On Thursday, five Americans were killed in another attack in the region . NATO says two insurgents were killed in northern Baghlan province .
id: dc38190b4d41810675db56aa7a568d9f29c57357
chatgpt: Two NATO service members were killed in a series of IED attacks that occurred in southern Afghanistan on Friday. The attacks come just one day after five Americans were killed in another attack in the same region. According to NATO, two insurgents were also killed in a separate incident that took place in northern Baghlan province. The identities of the two NATO service members who were killed in the IED attacks have not been released to the public at this time. However, a statement by NATO's Resolute Support mission confirmed that the service members were killed in action. "The brave soldiers, who came to Afghanistan to help us in our time of need, have sacrificed their lives for the cause of peace," said Afghan President Ashraf Ghani in a statement issued on Friday. "We salute their sacrifice and will continue to stand shoulder to shoulder with our NATO allies in this fight against terrorism." The IED attacks also injured several other service members who were present in the area. They have been evacuated to a nearby medical facility for treatment. The exact location of the IED attacks has not been confirmed by NATO at this time. However, the province of Kandahar has been a hotbed for terrorist activity in recent years. In 2018, the province witnessed the highest number of insurgent attacks of any province in Afghanistan. Just one day prior to the IED attacks, five Americans were killed in an attack in the same region. The identities of the individuals killed in the attack have not been released. However, the US Department of Defense confirmed that they were all members of the US military. In response to the attacks, NATO has stepped up its presence in Afghanistan. The organization has already deployed additional troops to the region and is ramping up efforts to target insurgent groups. "The safety and security of our servicemen and women is our top priority," said a spokesperson for NATO's Resolute Support mission in a statement. "We will continue to work with our Afghan partners to ensure that they can maintain the level of security necessary to achieve peace in the region." Despite these efforts, Afghanistan has remained one of the most dangerous places in the world for NATO service members. Since the start of the war in 2001, over 3,500 NATO service members have been killed in action in the region. As the situation in Afghanistan continues to escalate, NATO's Resolute Support mission remains committed to working with its Afghan partners to ensure security and stability across the region. However, the threat of insurgent attacks remains a constant challenge for both organizations in their efforts to establish lasting peace in the region.