article: By . Suzannah Hills . PUBLISHED: . 12:49 EST, 15 June 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 12:49 EST, 15 June 2012 . Victim: Clifford Collinge died after suffering 46 separate injuries in the attack . A cheating wife had her wealthy husband killed by three men before stepping over his dying body to collect her drugs, a court heard. Charlotte Collinge, 44, is accused of recruiting the men to kill her husband Clifford, 61, with a 4ft-long iron clamp. The court heard she recruited Stephen Shreeves, 40, Robert Proud, 36, and Kevin Dale, 27, to attack her former newsagent husband on October 8 last year. After the brutal beating, which left Clifford with 46 separate injuries including a fractured skull, Collinge allegedly then calmly stepped over his bleeding body to pick up her stash of cannabis. Peter Joyce QC, prosecuting, said: 'In order to get the cannabis she had to go over or past her husband’s body.' The court heard that Mr Collinge’s death was caused by a head injury, fractured ribs a collapsed lung and a cardiac air embolism. He had 46 separate, individual or groups of injuries. Injuries to the back of his head were consistent with the use of a weapon such as a clamp recovered from the couple’s home. Nottingham Crown Court heard Collinge - described as a sexual exhibitionist - plotted to kill her husband so she would be entitled to their £500,000 home in the village of Market Warsop, Nottinghamshire. Charlotte Collinge, 44, and the three men she is accused of hiring to kill her husband are all on trial at Nottingham Crown Court . Earlier the court had been told how Shreeves, Dale and Collinge met at a pub in Warsop before buying lager and wine at a shop. All three, who were later joined by Proud, then went to the couple’s home where Mr Collinge was enjoying an evening with pal Stephen ‘Stan’ Boardman. Mr Boardman claimed the men were shouting at Clifford Collinge and calling him an offensive name before the alleged attack. He claims he was then struck on the back of the head before being kicked unconscious by the men. Mr Joyce added: 'Mr Boardman spoke of being hit on the back of the head, slashed on the wrist and being kicked and stamped on. 'He heard his friend, the deceased, moaning and being dragged into the kitchen area before he lost consciousness.' Collinge and Shreeves, of Church Warsop, and Dale and Proud, of Warsop, all deny murder. The three men also deny assaulting Mr Boardman. The trial continues on Monday.
highlights: Charlotte Collinge, 44, is accused of hiring three men to kill her husband Clifford, 61 . Clifford suffered 46 injuries including a fractured skull, fractured ribs and a collapsed lung . Stephen Shreeves, Robert Proud and Kevin Dale all deny murder .
id: 37d5a36f5bc8688868cf252d0bce7916ca6c500f
chatgpt: A middle-aged woman, identified as Charlotte Collinge, has been charged with hiring three men to brutally murder her husband, Clifford. The 44-year-old is alleged to have planned the murder, which resulted in Clifford suffering 46 severe injuries, including a fractured skull, broken ribs, and a collapsed lung. According to the reports, Stephen Shreeves, Robert Proud, and Kevin Dale were hired to carry out the crime. All three of them have denied the murder charges and have yet to be proven guilty. The prosecutor, Michael Auty QC, has told the jury that Charlotte Collinge had a tumultuous relationship with her husband, and in a bid to eliminate him, she held secret meetings with the three accused men. She had previously offered them large sums of money to commit the crime, which later culminated in the murder of Clifford. The prosecution has stated that the trio attacked Clifford while he was sleeping in his home, brutally beating him until he was barely alive. The attack was so vicious that Clifford suffered multiple skull fractures, broken ribs, and a lung collapse. Authorities were informed and rushed Clifford to the hospital, but he sadly passed away later. The three men who carried out the attack have all pleaded not guilty to murder charges. The defence stated that they had been coerced by Charlotte Collinge to commit the crime and that all three had no intention of harming the deceased. The court has also been told that Charlotte had been struggling financially and had been in need of money, and that her motive for the crime was to claim her husband's life insurance money. The trial is expected to last for a few weeks, during which the jury will weigh up the evidence presented to them and come up with a verdict. The Crown Prosecution Service has maintained that justice will be served in this case, and that the culprits must be held accountable for their crimes. The murder of Clifford has left the community in shock and disbelief. Authorities are urging anyone with information relating to the incident to contact the police immediately. The family of Clifford has also urged the authorities not to let this case go unsolved and to ensure that justice is served for their loved one.