article: Arsenal trio Lukas Podolski, Mesut Ozil and Per Mertesacker have all been named by Germany in a strong World Cup squad that will send shivers down their rivals' spines. Chelsea forward Andre Schurrle will also be heading to Brazil this summer after getting the nod from boss Joachim Low. Real Madrid midfielder Sami Khedira has also been included, despite not playing since November due to injury. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Ozil and Podolski reveal Germany's World Cup kit, and more . He's got the boot... but not by Germany: Mesut Ozil, pictured promoting a charity event, is going to the World Cup . In the squad: Arsenal forward Lukas Podolski was also handed a spot by boss Joachim Low . Got the nod: Chelsea forward Andre Schurrle can also look forward to a summer in South America . Goalkeepers: Manuel Neuer (Bayern Munich), Roman Weidenfeller (Borussia Dortmund) and Ron-Robert Zieler (Hannover) Defenders: Erik Durm (Borussia Dortmund), Jerome Boateng (Bayern Munich), Kevin Grosskreutz (Borussia Dortmund), Benedikt Howedes (Schalke), Mats Hummels (Borussia Dortmund), Marcell Jansen (Hamburg), Philipp Lahm (Bayern Munich), Per Mertesacker (Arsenal), Shkodran Mustafi (Sampdoria), Marcel Schmelzer (Borussia Dortmund). Midfielders: Lars Bender (Bayer Leverkusen), Julian Draxler (Schalke), Matthias Ginter (Freiburg), Leon Goretzka (Schalke), Mario Gotze (Bayern Munich), Andre Hahn (Augsburg), Sami Khedira (Real Madrid), Toni Kroos (Bayern Munich), Max Meyer (Schalke), Thomas Muller (Bayern Munich), Mesut Ozil (Arsenal), Marco Reus (Borussia Dortmund), Bastian Schweinsteiger (Bayern Munich). Forwards: Lukas Podolski (Arsenal), Andre Schurrle (Chelsea), Miroslav Klose (Lazio), Kevin Volland (Hoffenheim). Low has injected a strong dose of youth into his provisional 30-man  squad, calling up talented Schalke teenagers Leon Goretzka and Max Meyer on Thursday. Along with 19-year-old Goretzka and 18-year-old Meyer, who had a spectacular debut season in the Bundesliga, coach Low also drafted in Borussia Dortmund's Erik Durm, little-known Shkodran Mustafi of Sampdoria (formerly of Everton) and Matthias Ginter of Freiburg. Low did a similar thing before the 2010 edition in South Africa when he announced Germany's youngest World Cup squad in 76 years and they went on to finish third in the tournament. He has also included Real Madrid midfielder Khedira, now ready to return after tearing cruciate knee ligaments last year, but dropped forward Mario Gomez, who missed most of the season at Fiorentina with injury. Low has also called up Hoffenheim forward Kevin Volland along with veteran striker Miroslav Klose. Germany have been drawn in Group G for next month's World Cup in Brazil along with Ghana, Portugal and United States. A lack of form and fitness for some of his star players this season has not gone unnoticed by coach Joachim Low and he admitted on Wednesday that the problems were causing him a 'headache'. 'At the moment we have only seven or eight players who are in top form, Low told Stern magazine. 'The whole situation is causing some headache. 'Klose, (Sami) Khedira, (Mario) Gomez, (Ilkay) Guendogan, Schweinsteiger, they are all players who are pillars in our team but they lack match rhythm.'
highlights: Germany name a strong provisional World Cup squad . Premier League stars included are Lukas Podolski, Mesut Ozil, Per Mertesacker and Andre Schurrle . Real Madrid midfielder Sami Khedira awarded spot by boss Joachim Low . Low also gives nod to several young players, including former Everton defender Shkodran Mustafi, who was released by David Moyes .
id: ae482270edbe20efce67f6da017eb8f44bc89738
chatgpt: Germany has named their provisional squad for the upcoming FIFA World Cup, and it seems the team is packing plenty of star power. The squad features some of the finest footballers from football leagues around Europe, including a core of top Premier League players. Among the players selected for the provisional squad are German internationals Lukas Podolski, Mesut Ozil, Per Mertesacker, and Andre Schurrle, all of whom ply their trade in the Premier League. Real Madrid midfielder Sami Khedira has also been included in the squad, despite being sidelined for much of the current season with injury. Khedira has been a key part of Germany's national set-up for several years and is expected to play a pivotal role in the centre of the park. Germany's coach, Joachim Low, has also given the nod to several young players, who will be hoping to make a big impression at the tournament. Among them is former Everton defender Shkodran Mustafi, who was released by David Moyes in 2012. The provisional squad announcement has not been without its surprises, with some notable omissions from the final list. One player who is conspicuous by his absence is Bayern Munich striker Mario Gotze, who has struggled for form during the current campaign. Low has also made it clear that he is looking for a regimented team approach, rather than relying solely on star power. Speaking to reporters, he said: “We have a lot of quality in our squad, but it’s important to remember that we need to work as a team if we are going to be successful.” The German boss also highlighted the importance of balancing youth and experience in the team, stating that he is looking for a mix of both in the final squad. Germany is widely regarded as one of the favourites to win this summer’s tournament, due to their impressive performances in recent years. They are expected to be one of the most attractive teams to watch, with a style of play that is both exciting and pragmatic. However, the German squad has been hit by a number of injuries in the build-up to the tournament, with several key players suffering knockbacks. Low will no doubt be hoping that his players can recover in time for the tournament, which kicks off in Russia on June 14. With a bit of luck on their side, there is no doubt that the German squad has what it takes to go all the way in Russia. It remains to be seen whether they can put their quality on the pitch and take home the ultimate prize.