article: (CNN)  -- Four years since a 9.0-magnitude earthquake spawned massive walls of water that swept across the Indian Ocean, leaving more than 230,000 dead according to a United Nations estimate, improvements can be seen in many of the devastated areas, humanitarian groups said. Laborers work on a construction site in a fishing village in Indonesia's Aceh on December 21. Hundreds of thousands were left homeless and jobless after the tsunami, and poor and isolated communities were left even worse off. Today, new schools have been constructed, and armies of workers -- many of them volunteers -- have cleared and rebuilt homes and towns, and helped get people back to work. "The tsunami, despite being a horrific event, also provided a lot of opportunities for those countries," said Jonathan Cauldwell, chief of UNICEF's Tsunami Transition Support. "It brought a peace dividend within Banda Aceh (Indonesia) where you still see peace in an area which had long term localized conflict in place. It allowed those areas to be built up as well, to have investments in the infrastructure in the social sectors ...," he added. Agencies such as UNICEF said that while the immediate emergency was over, they remain committed to improving the lives of millions of children across the region. "The lessons of the tsunami will never end. The funding will end, we can complete the construction, we can complete the project, but the intervention never ends ...," Cauldwell said. Oxfam International, which said it will close its response to the tsunami at the end of December, said it has provided housing to tsunami survivors in Aceh, helped restore the livelihoods of people in India and Sri Lanka, and funded the reconstruction of eight tsunami-affected secondary schools. "The money we received allowed us not only to help meet the immediate emergency needs of tsunami-affected populations, but also to try to address the factors that made them vulnerable: not least poverty and a lack of influence over their own lives," Barbara Stocking, chair of the Oxfam International Tsunami Fund Board, said in a statement. "What has been achieved is astounding. Hundreds of thousands of people are now living in better conditions than they were in before the tsunami ...," she added. UNICEF said the basic needs of children affected by the tsunami have been met -- more children are going to school as a result of improved facilities, and better nutrition, post-natal care and other life-saving interventions are helping those countries worst hit transition to developing regular services and programs. But long-term improvement of water and sanitation is critical, the agency said, and so is building new schools that are better able to withstand earthquakes. According to UNICEF and Oxfam, the response to the tsunami and the lessons learned have changed the way they deal with such emergencies. It highlighted the need for better coordination among partners and other organizations, and contributed to reforms in the way humanitarian relief is delivered.
highlights: The devastation of the 2004 tsunami stretched across the Indian Ocean . Hundreds of thousands left homeless, and poor and isolated communities worse off . Humanitarian groups have helped rebuild schools, homes, and get people working . Groups say long-term improvement of water and sanitation is critical .
id: 95f641cd7611d0cd2b81e9aa398560dd8839206c
chatgpt: The 2004 Indian Ocean tsunami will be remembered as one of the deadliest natural disasters in history, causing widespread destruction throughout the region. The impact of the tsunami, which killed over 230,000 people and destroyed hundreds of thousands of homes and businesses, was felt across the world. Many people were left homeless, and communities that were already poor and isolated before the disaster were left much worse off. But despite the tremendous tragedy, humanitarian groups were quick to respond, working tirelessly to help those who had been affected by the tsunami to rebuild their lives. One of the main priorities of these groups was to help rebuild schools, homes, and other essential infrastructure that had been destroyed by the tsunami. With many people displaced from their homes, finding safe and secure housing was a top concern, as was ensuring that children could continue their education. In addition to basic necessities like shelter and education, these groups also focused on getting people back to work, helping to create jobs and spur economic growth in the affected areas. Of course, the immediate needs of those affected by the tsunami were just the beginning. In the years since the disaster, the focus has shifted to the long-term improvements that will be needed to ensure that communities can continue to thrive. One of the biggest challenges facing these communities is ensuring access to clean water and sanitation. Many coastal communities rely on groundwater for their water supply, but the tsunami caused widespread contamination of this precious resource. In addition, the massive destruction of homes, businesses, and other infrastructure has made it much more difficult to maintain basic sanitation services, such as waste disposal and sewage treatment. To address these challenges, humanitarian groups have worked closely with local communities to develop sustainable water and sanitation solutions that will benefit people for years to come. These efforts have included everything from building new water treatment facilities to installing new latrines and toilets in schools and other public facilities. Overall, the work done by humanitarian groups in the wake of the 2004 tsunami has been critical to helping affected communities rebuild and recover from this devastating disaster. Now, more than ever, it is essential that we continue to support these efforts to ensure that those who were affected by the tsunami can continue to thrive and rebuild their communities.