article: (CNN) -- Arjun Atwal's narrow victory at the Wyndham Championship secured a slice of golfing history as he became the first Indian-born player to win on the PGA tour. The 37-year-old from Calcutta sank an eight foot par putt on the final hole to win by a shot from American David Toms, and become the first qualifier to triumph on the Tour in 24 years. Atwal lost his Tour card in July but shot a final round 67 at Sedgefield Country Club to finish on 20-under-par and scoop the top prize of $918,000. "I told my caddie, 'We've got nothing to lose this week. Just go out there and try and win it'," Atwal told the official PGA Tour website. "Guys are going to be out there trying to secure their FedExCup spots or whatever. We've got nothing. I don't have a card. I don't have anything. Just go out there and free-wheel it, and that's what I did this week. "I'm pretty sure it's going to be huge back home," Atwal added. "My in-laws called my wife Saturday and said the coverage was just unreal with me leading. I know there were a lot of people in India and Dubai that watched me play. I've had a lot of messages." Atwal started the final round three shots clear of the chasing pack but his lead was gradually whittled away until he was briefly locked in a seven-way tie. But a vital birdie at the 16th saw him regain control. He then recorded par on the final hole by firing his second shot towards the spectators' tent at the back of the green, taking a free drop and getting up and down in two for the win. His victory gives him a two year Tour exemption and a place at the 2011 Masters at Augusta. "That was huge," Atwal said after his landmark victory. "I was really nervous over that [last] putt. My heart rate was probably 150." Atwal used to be a practice partner for world number one Tiger Woods but lost his Tour card last month after slipping too far down the money list when his minor medical exemption ran out. Three years ago Atwal was questioned over an incident in which the driver of a car who was allegedly trying to race him down an Orlando street crashed and died. He was cleared of any wrongdoing after a year-long investigation. Atwal has won on the European, Asian and Nationwide tours, but his first PGA victory was warmly greeted back in his home country. "I am delighted that Atwal has this great victory on the PGA Tour," Sports Minister Manohar Singh Gill said in a statement carried by AFP. "It is truly a remarkable achievement and puts Indian golfers on an even higher level internationally."
highlights: Arjun Atwal becomes first Indian-born player to win on the PGA Tour . Atwal claimed the Wyndham Championship by one stroke from David Toms . Indian lost his Tour card last month after slipping down the money list . The 37-year-old is the first qualifier to win on the Tour for 24 years .
id: e75141bf033f474867edf35d19a8182d34c45934
chatgpt: Indian golfer Arjun Atwal has become the very first Indian-born player to win a tournament on the prestigious PGA Tour. He achieved this feat by claiming the Wyndham Championship title by just one stroke, ahead of renowned golfer David Toms. The victory was extra sweet for Atwal, who only last month had lost his Tour card after slipping down the money list. However, Atwal refused to give up and continued to work hard on improving his game. At 37 years of age, Atwal also has the distinction of becoming the first qualifier to win on the Tour in the last 24 years. He entered the tournament ranked a lowly 175th on the FedEx Cup and 450th in the Official World Golf rankings. His victory saw him receive a total of 500 FedEx Cup points, which propelled him into the top 125 and thus, qualifies him for the FedEx Cup play-offs. The Wyndham Championship took place at Sedgefield Country Club in Greensboro, North Carolina from August 19th to 22nd. This is where Atwal, a native of India, played some amazing golf to finish with an impressive 20 under par, making history as he lifted the coveted title. The victory has received widespread acclaim across India, with Atwal's name now trending on social media as well. Many significant figures in the sporting world have come forward to congratulate Atwal on this fantastic win. Reacting to the win, Atwal expressed his gratitude and stated that he was delighted to have made history by becoming the first Indian golfer to win on the PGA Tour. Atwal comes from a family of sportspersons, with both his father and grandfather being professional athletes. His father was a wrestler, while his grandfather was a track and field athlete. Atwal himself initially dabbled with cricket and field hockey before discovering his love for golf. He turned pro in 1995 and has gone on to have a successful career, playing on the European Tour, PGA Tour, and also winning several tournaments in Asia. Arjun Atwal’s victory is an inspiration to many aspiring golfers in India, and his story is one of persistence and hard work. It has also brought a great deal of excitement and pride to the entire nation as he has become the first Indian to win on the PGA Tour. His victory has truly put India on the global stage for golf, and he will undoubtedly continue to remain an inspiration for generations to come.