article: By . Rachel Quigley . PUBLISHED: . 09:18 EST, 17 April 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 15:39 EST, 17 April 2012 . An elementary school teacher and mother-of-four was shot and killed by her estranged husband who then turned the gun on himself while she was on her way to her divorce lawyer. Kim Conover, 43, who taught at a . Petaluma elementary school in San Francisco, was shot by Kevin Conover, 41, outside a law office on Sunday around 2pm. The couple had only been married two years but were former high school classmates. They had 21-month-old twins together. Estranged: Friends of the family say Kevin Conover, left, could not accept the marriage with his wife, Kim, right, was over and had been stalking her . Kim also leaves behind two daughters from a previous relationship who are aged 12 and 15. She had filed for a divorce from Kevin about two months ago. A family member told the Petaluma Patch that Conover was not willing to let his wife go, had been stalking her and even turning up at her work since they had split up. Police had been called to the home twice for domestic violence issues - once last June and once earlier this month. No arrests were made on either occasion. On . Monday, Kim's attorney Jeff Zimmerman revealed that she had filed for a . restraining order from her husband in Sonoma County Court which had not yet been . approved. In a statement issued on Monday, Kevin Conover's . sister, Bonnie Conover Gibson, said: 'We are devastated by Sunday's . events. Our hearts go out to (Kim Conover's family) for their senseless . loss, especially to Kim's daughters. Loss: Kim Conover leaves behind 21-month-old twins and daughters aged 12 and 15 from a previous relationship . 'We appreciate and are eternally . grateful for the love and support being shown in the community for all . of us impacted by this tragedy.' Kim Conover was a second-grade teacher at Meadow Elementary School. Principal Melissa Becker told the San Francisco Chronicle that telling the students of her death was the 'worst thing she ever had to do'. She described the mother-of-two as an 'all-star teacher. She was the whole package. 'She was vivacious, she . was energetic, she was positive. She came to work every day with a big . smile on her face. She's a bright light in the world.'
highlights: Family members said Kevin Conover had been stalking ex wife Kim and couldn't accept it was over . Attorney reveals she had filed for restraining order .
id: 4411f39b19f67874caa1e8aed2de48cf48f2b238
chatgpt: The family of Kim Conover spoke out after the tragic death of their beloved daughter, sister, and friend. They revealed that Kevin Conover, Kim's ex-husband, had been stalking her relentlessly and couldn't accept that their marriage was over. According to the family's account, Kevin had been making repeated attempts to contact Kim, even after she had made it clear that she did not want to be in touch with him. Kim's sister, who asked not to be named, said that Kevin had become "obsessed" with her sister and would show up uninvited at her home and place of work. The family said that they had urged Kim to file for a restraining order to protect herself from Kevin's unwanted advances, and it was revealed that she had indeed taken that step. Her attorney, Lisa Johnson, confirmed that Kim had filed for a restraining order against Kevin in the weeks leading up to her death. "Kim was very clear about what she wanted and what she needed to feel safe," Johnson said. "As her attorney, I did everything in my power to help her achieve that goal." Despite the legal steps that had been taken, Kevin allegedly continued to harass and intimidate Kim. The family said that they had even considered hiring a private security firm to protect her from him. "The sad truth is that Kevin was not willing to accept that the marriage was over," Kim's sister said. "He couldn't let her go, and his actions ultimately led to her death." Kim's family is now mourning her loss and grappling with the aftermath of her tragic end. They hope that by speaking out about Kevin's behavior, they can raise awareness about the dangers of stalking and help others who may be experiencing similar situations. "We want Kim's story to be a warning to others," her sister said. "No one should have to live in fear for their safety, and no one should have to endure the kind of harassment and stalking that Kim did." As the investigation into Kim's death continues, her family is urging anyone who may have information about Kevin's actions to come forward and share what they know. They hope that justice will be served and that Kim's memory will be honored.