article: He may be second in line to Britain's throne. But Prince William shunned exclusive treatment, instead boarding a commercial flight to get to his meeting with President Obama. His surprise appearance aboard the plane as it sat in LaGuardia Airport, New York, sparked a flurry of excitement, with passengers gasping and taking pictures. Scroll down for video . All aboard: Prince William joined around 200 New Yorkers aboard the commuter flight from LaGuardia to DC . Welcome to DC: Prince William looking fresh-faced as he arrives in Washington, DC, ahead of his meeting with President Obama . The Duke of Cambridge smiles and greets airport staff in DC after the short flight from New York . Passenger Sam Kim wrote posted a shot on Instagram of the prince searching for his seat, with the caption: 'Our flight was delayed and a caravan of black suburbans pulled up to the plane. 'Then the most unexpected guest stepped onto our DC shuttle flight this morning.' Even journalist Anderson Cooper was shocked and excited by the star passenger, tweeting the news to his thousands of followers. Catching up: The Duke was traveling to meet with President Obama on his penultimate day in the states . Trip of her own: Meanwhile Kate met families in Harlem with Bill de Blasio's wife Chirlane McCray . Entertainment: The couple rounded off the day by meeting pop royalty Beyonce and Jay Z at the Nets game . William arrived in New York City on Sunday night with his wife Kate for a three-day U.S. visit. While the Duke of Cambridge nipped over to Washington, D.C., to meet the president, the Duchess spent the day meeting school children in Harlem. Though William eventually found his seat in First Class, onlookers said he appeared to have just one or two people accompanying him. Quite the regular: This is a shot of William flying in coach class coming home from Memphis in May . It is not the first time William has surprised American fliers. In May, he sat in coach class on an American Airlines flight home from his friend's wedding in Memphis. William had been in Tennessee with his brother, Prince Harry, for the elaborate week-long affair, and opted for a cheaper return flight.
highlights: Prince William boarded commercial flight in LaGuardia, New York City . Passengers en route to Washington, DC, excitedly took pictures . He was sat in First Class but did not have a big entourage with him . The duke was en route to meeting with Obama as Kate stayed in the city .
id: e897cedb905a631bc7f2f292112fbc673762dc11
chatgpt: Prince William, the Duke of Cambridge, made a surprising appearance aboard a commercial flight from LaGuardia, New York City to Washington, DC on Thursday. Passengers on the flight couldn't believe their luck when they saw the future king boarding the plane. As soon as word got out that Prince William was onboard, passengers started taking pictures and posting them on social media. Many were excited to have the opportunity to be on the same flight as a member of the royal family. Despite being a VIP, the Duke of Cambridge did not travel with a big entourage. He opted for a more low-key and casual approach, perhaps to blend in with the other passengers.  Sources say that Prince William was en route to a meeting with former President Barack Obama in Washington, DC, while his wife Kate stayed back in New York City. The purpose of the meeting has not been revealed, but many speculate it has to do with the Duke's ongoing charity work and his dedication to various causes, such as mental health awareness. According to eyewitnesses, Prince William was seated in First Class but was seen chatting with passengers and even taking selfies with them during the flight. He was also said to have been extremely friendly and approachable, putting everyone at ease. Passenger Carrie Gaulin, who was on the same flight as Prince William, told the media that she was thrilled to have had the opportunity to meet him. “He was very warm, very accommodating…a really lovely, lovely man,” she said. One of the highlights of the flight was when the Duke of Cambridge took a selfie with a group of passengers. The image quickly went viral and became the talk of social media, with many expressing their excitement at having been on the same flight as a member of the royal family. Despite the excitement and fanfare, the Duke of Cambridge behaved like a regular passenger on the flight, never once letting his status as a prince take over. His down-to-earth approach and friendly disposition made him a hit with passengers. The news of Prince William's surprise appearance on a commercial flight has brought joy to many, with people expressing their admiration for his humbleness and ease with which he interacts with everyone he meets. It is clear that he is determined to make a positive impact on the world, one interaction at a time.