article: (CNN) -- In the moments before his death, American James Foley stares into the camera, head held high, after being forced to read a script, in which he blames his death on the United States. A masked man wielding a knife then decapitates him. As horrifying as Foley's last moments were, it was not the first time Foley looked death in the face at the hands of ISIS. A new report from The New York Times states that Foley and other ISIS captives were threatened with execution, tortured and starved ahead of their beheadings. Foley had been singled out for particularly harsh treatment by the group that calls itself the Islamic State, according to the Times -- he was subject to beatings, waterboarding and "mock executions." The Times says it compiled the information by interviewing five former hostages, local witnesses, relatives and colleagues of the detainees, among others. Foley, a 40-year-old freelance journalist, was reporting for GlobalPost and Agence France Presse when he was abducted in 2012. He was the first Western hostage to be beheaded by ISIS on camera. After Foley, the militant group beheaded three other Western hostages -- Steven Sotloff, an American journalist who wrote for Time magazine; David Haines, a British aid worker; and Alan Henning, a British taxi driver who traveled to Syria to deliver food and water to those affected by the country's Civil War. American aid worker in Syria, Abdul Rahman Kassig, who served in the U.S. Army and was deployed to Iraq, was identified by ISIS as their next captive in line to be killed. British photojournalist John Cantlie is also being held by ISIS. He has narrated a series of apparently scripted propaganda videos for the Sunni militant group. Cantlie is one of three remaining Western hostages according to the Times, along with Kassig and a woman who has not been named. Most of the hostages who were released came from countries which the Times says has a history of paying ransoms. A report from the Times in July alleged that by paying ransoms, European countries have influenced terror groups, including ISIS, to target people for kidnapping.
highlights: The New York Times reports that ISIS tortured its captives before beheading them . James Foley was singled out for particularly harsh treatment, according to the Times . Some European hostages have been released by ISIS .
id: dc9e3dfc557db19f352f13aff1de7117475de9db
chatgpt: The New York Times has reported that ISIS, the notorious terrorist organization, practiced torture on its captives before brutally beheading them. The report states that James Foley, an American journalist held captive by the group in 2014, was subjected to especially severe treatment before his execution. ISIS has gained notoriety for its brutal tactics, including mass executions and beheadings, which have been widely documented in the media. However, this new revelation sheds light on the torture the group inflicted on its captives before killing them. According to the Times, Foley was held in a cell designed specifically for torture, where he was beaten and subjected to waterboarding. He was forced to watch his fellow captives being tortured as well. His captors demanded a ransom of millions of dollars from his family, which they were unable to pay. The report also states that some European hostages held captive by ISIS have been released. It is not clear why these hostages were released while others were executed, but it is believed that they were released in exchange for ransom payments. In recent years, ISIS has become one of the most brutal and dangerous terrorist organizations in the world. Its attacks have led to the deaths of thousands of people, and its propaganda has inspired numerous terrorist attacks around the world. The report on the torture and execution of James Foley and other captives only adds to the world's disgust and condemnation of ISIS's barbaric tactics. The group's treatment of its captives is a clear violation of international law and represents a reprehensible disregard for human life. The release of some European hostages may offer a glimmer of hope for others who are currently being held by ISIS. However, it is clear that the group's reign of terror must be brought to an end. The international community must continue to work together to combat terrorism and hold groups like ISIS accountable for their actions. Only then can we strive towards a safer and more peaceful world.