article: The postage stamp-sized block went under the hammer for $6.34 million in the exclusive waterside Sydney suburb of Darling Point. The narrow four-level property set on a small sandy beach between historic Carthona and Neidpath was sold to Dicker Data co-founder, Fiona Brown. The harbourside property, previously purchased by Melbourne-based landscaper Jack Merlo $6.15 million in 2009, came with $7.5 million plus hopes mid-last year but with no success. It was then re-listed earlier this year through Pillinger Real Estate, inconjunction with Sothebys International, Property Obeserver reports. The 207 square metre site dates back to the early 1980s when built by veteran property developer Bill Shipton. The property is best known as the former home of Lady Susan Renouf, who sold it in 1997 for $2.9 million to Melbourne socialite Dianne Allen through the Double Bay agents Marcia Resch and Jane Ashton. The house lay vacant when owned by absentee investor in the late 1980s, and nearby The Swifts' resident, Carl Spies - other than to be used by wealthy squatters for weekend raves. The home was then elaborately restored by stylist Barry Byrne under the patronage of landlady Dorothy Spry who paid $2.4 million for the lavish  pad. The six metre-wide block went under the hammer for $6.34 million in the exclusive waterside suburb of Darling Point . The narrow four-level property set on a small sandy beach between historic Carthona and Neidpath was sold to Dicker Data co-founder, Fiona Brown . The harbourside property, previously purchased by Melbourne-based landscaper Jack Merlo $6.15 million in 2009, came with $7.5 million plus hopes mid-last year . It was then re-listed earlier this year through Pillinger Real Estate, inconjunction with Sothebys International . The 207 square metre site dates back to the early 1980s when built by veteran property developer Bill Shipton . No waterfront property is ever complete without an inviting pristine swimming pool alongside the stunning view . The property is best known as the former home of Lady Susan Renouf, who sold it in 1997 for $2.9 million to Melbourne socialite Dianne Allen . The house lay vacant when owned by absentee investor in the late 1980s - other than to be used by wealthy squatters for weekend raves . The home was then elaborately restored by stylist Barry Byrne under the patronage of landlady Dorothy Spry who paid $2.4 million for the lavish pad .
highlights: Postage stamp-sized block went under the hammer for $6.34 million in exclusive waterside suburb of Darling Point . Set on a small sandy beach, the property was sold to Dicker Data co-founder Fiona Brown . Previously purchased by Melbourne-based landscaper Jack Merlo for $6.15 million in 2009 . The harbourside property came with $7.5 million plus hopes mid-last year but with no success .
id: d0eac0689f6f7be707f7968c06d7600ff12bc919
chatgpt: A tiny postage stamp-sized block, located in the exclusive waterside suburb of Darling Point, has been sold at auction for a whopping $6.34 million. The small property is set on a small sandy beach and was purchased by Dicker Data co-founder Fiona Brown.  Interestingly, the property was previously owned by Melbourne-based landscaper Jack Merlo, who purchased it for $6.15 million back in 2009. The harbourside property came with $7.5 million plus hopes mid-last year but with no success. It's unclear why Merlo decided to sell the property, but the new owner, Fiona Brown, must have seen something special in it. The small property, just 29sqm, features a rocky beachfront and stunning views across the water. Despite its diminutive size, it's clear that the property has a lot of appeal to those who are willing to pay top dollar to live in this exclusive area.  The auction for the property was reportedly very competitive, with several bidders vying for the chance to own this unique slice of Sydney real estate. In the end, it was Brown who emerged victorious, securing the property for what is believed to be a record price.  The sale of the Darling Point block is yet another example of how hot the Sydney property market is right now. According to recent data, property prices in the city have surged over the past year, with demand outstripping supply in many areas.  For those looking to invest in Sydney real estate, the Darling Point block may not be the best option. With similar properties in the area selling for millions of dollars, it's clear that this is a very exclusive and expensive part of Sydney. However, for those with the means to bid in such an auction, the postage stamp-sized block in Darling Point could be the ultimate dream home.  In the end, it remains to be seen if Fiona Brown will choose to develop the property further or leave it in its current state. But regardless of what she decides to do, there's no doubt that this tiny block has captured the imaginations of many Sydney real estate buyers, and will continue to be a talking point for years to come.