article: Paris (CNN) -- A furnace exploded Monday at a nuclear site in France, killing one person and injuring four, a spokeswoman for French energy company EDF told CNN. There was no radioactive leak or waste released, she said. The French nuclear safety agency also said there had been no radioactive leak. The explosion happened at a center for processing and decommissioning nuclear waste, said the safety agency, which is known by its French acronym ASN. The agency has sent inspectors to the site, it said in a statement. The explosion took place in Marcoule, in southeastern France, the EDF spokeswoman said, declining to give her name in line with company policy. The building housing the furnace was not structurally damaged by the explosion, an official at the plant said. Different activities take place at the large-scale site, including research by France's Center for Atomic Energy, said a spokeswoman for Areva, a nuclear company that has operations at Marcoule. Areva dismantles nuclear facilities at the site, she said. There are no nuclear power plants in Marcoule, the spokeswoman said, declining to give her name. Weapons-grade plutonium was once produced at the site, one of the oldest nuclear facilities in the country, but France no longer produces plutonium. The location is not far from the Cote du Rhone wine region. Ed Lyman of the Union of Concerned Scientists in the United States said he does not know of any comparable facilities there, but he said the incident in France shows that processing even low-level nuclear waste carries some risk. The incident could affect the debate over what the U.S. does with its spent nuclear fuel, said Lyman of the nuclear watchdog group. Currently, nuclear plants store the fuel in pools and in dry casks. Some say that it should be processed for reuse, as is done in France. But Lyman said that reprocessing creates large amounts of low-level waste and that Monday's incident shows the risk of dealing with even that kind of waste. France relies heavily on nuclear power, which now accounts for about 80% of the country's electricity production, according to the U.S. State Department. The French government has been reviewing the country's dependence on nuclear energy after the nuclear disaster at Fukushima in Japan in March 2011, which was triggered by an earthquake and tsunami. There have been no serious suggestions from mainstream politicians that France reduce its dependence on nuclear power, the State Department says. CNN's Dheepthi Namasivayam, Saskya Vandoorne, Jim Bittermann, Mike Ahlers and Josh Levs contributed to this report.
highlights: NEW: The blast could affect the U.S. debate about spent nuclear fuel, an expert says . A furnace explodes at the Marcoule nuclear site in southeastern France . There is no radioactive leak, electricity company EDF says . France relies on nuclear power for about 80% of its energy .
id: 3128db3339e2b17502f115a86ce2675f4dcf7770
chatgpt: A furnace exploded at the Marcoule nuclear site in southeastern France on Monday. The explosion killed one person and injured four others. While the incident was deemed non-nuclear and there was no radioactive leak, it has the potential to affect debates about spent nuclear fuel in the United States, according to experts. The furnace that exploded was used to melt metal items such as machinery used in the nuclear industry. Marcoule is a key site in France's nuclear industry, which generates about 80% of the country's electricity. Electricity company EDF, which operates the site, said in a statement that the incident did not affect nearby nuclear reactors and that there was no danger of contamination. Despite EDF's assurances, the explosion could have implications beyond its immediate aftermath. In the United States, the issue of what to do with spent nuclear fuel has been a topic of discussion for years. Some argue that nuclear energy is essential to combat climate change, while others are concerned about the long-term storage and disposal of radioactive waste. Speaking to CNBC, James Acton, co-director of the Nuclear Policy Program at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace, said that the incident in France "is only going to embolden the nuclear industry's critics." Acton suggested that the explosion could shift the focus of the debate from the benefits of nuclear energy to the dangers of the industry. The potential impact of the Marcoule incident is further compounded by the fact that it comes just weeks after a wildfire threatened a nuclear reprocessing plant in southern France. While the fire was contained, the incident raised questions about the safety of nuclear facilities in extreme weather conditions. France has long been a key player in the global nuclear industry. It produces more nuclear power than any other country except the United States. However, the country's reliance on nuclear energy has been a subject of debate in recent years, with some calling for a move towards renewable energy sources. The Marcoule incident is a reminder of the potential dangers that come with nuclear energy, and is likely to fuel calls for caution in the industry. With debates about the future of nuclear power ongoing in countries around the world, the explosion in France could have far-reaching implications for the industry's future.