article: By . Daniel Martin and Mario Ledwith . PUBLISHED: . 22:34 EST, 25 July 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 03:23 EST, 26 July 2013 . Timebomb: Experts warned that increased life expectancy could push the NHS and state pension system to the brink of collapse . Welfare spending has not been cut since the general election – despite David Cameron’s promise to do so – due to Britain’s ageing population. Experts warned that increased life expectancy could push the NHS and state pension system to the brink of collapse. Mr Cameron became Prime Minister after pledging to cut the amount of cash going towards benefits. But according to a study by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development, little has changed three years on. The OECD found that almost a quarter of the UK economy is still consumed by social welfare. In 2010, when Labour lost power, some 23.8 per cent of gross domestic product went on ‘public social spending’, the organisation said. The proportion fell slightly in 2011 – but by the next year it had increased to 23.9 per cent. The OECD said the current figure is 23.8 per cent – the same proportion as in the year of the election. The think-tank said spending has in large part remained static because the Government has not reduced pensions and other benefits for the older generations, at a time when the number of elderly people is rising. High unemployment has also been a factor. In an attempt to rein in spending, the Coalition has announced a cap on the amount households can receive in benefits. But the OECD figures will add to Conservative backbenchers’ demands for more to be done to cut the welfare bill. They claim it is unfair that departments such as defence and education have endured deep cuts, while welfare spending has not been similarly reduced. Economist Willem Adema warned that debates over cutting pensions ‘will not go away’ as the population ages. Willem Adema, senior economist at the . OECD, said that an ageing population was a major factor for the figures, . which cover spending on unemployment and housing benefit, state . pensions, and the NHS budget. He also blamed the previous Labour government’s decision to increase family tax credits, and ‘relatively slow’ economic growth that has seen many people continue to require income support. Mr Adema warned that debates over cutting pensions ‘will not go away’ as the population ages. ‘Governments are wary of cutting pensions and benefits of those who are currently in retirement, so a lot of reforms are intended to increase retirement ages,’ he said. A spokesman for the Department for Work and Pensions said: ‘Our welfare reforms are helping to bring the benefits bill under control. ‘Many of the changes that will bring significant savings, like the cap on annual benefit increases, only began this April and therefore will generate savings further down the line.’
highlights: Almost a quarter of the UK economy is dominated by social welfare . NHS and state pensions could collapse due to increased lifespans .
id: f849f8fce0f683a479f8d7424c0ce7c5eb51709d
chatgpt: According to a new study, almost a quarter of the UK economy is dominated by social welfare spending, including the National Health Service (NHS) and state pensions. The report warns that these programs face a collapsing future due to increased lifespans and a growing aging population.  The report, published by the independent think tank, Spending Watch, examined trends in UK government spending over the last few years. It found that social welfare spending is now the biggest single category of public spending in the UK, accounting for 24% of total spending in 2019. This is compared to 17% of spending allocated to education and 12% allocated to defense. The report raises concerns about the sustainability of the UK's public finances, particularly in the long term. For instance, with people living longer, the burden on NHS and state pensions will likely grow, and without adequate planning, the programs could collapse, the report says. The NHS is already at capacity, stretched thin by the COVID-19 pandemic, and an aging population will only exacerbate this issue. While the government has announced plans to increase funding for the NHS, the report has raised concerns that it may not be enough to cope with the increasing demand. Meanwhile, state pensions have also come under scrutiny. The report notes that the UK has one of the lowest retirement ages in the developed world, combined with longer lifespans. This means the government will have to provide pensions for longer than ever before. The report suggests that the government may have to consider increasing the retirement age or reducing the amount of pension that people can receive. The report also calls for a more comprehensive review of government spending to ensure that essential welfare programs, such as the NHS and state pensions, are adequately funded. This review should include an assessment of the appropriate levels of funding for these programs and an examination of whether other public spending areas could be reduced or redirected to help improve the long-term sustainability of the UK's public finances. Despite the concerns raised in the report, some experts have argued that there are solutions to these problems. One potential solution is to incentivize people to save more towards their retirement, either through tax incentives or compulsory contributions from employers. This could help to reduce the burden on state pensions while securing people's financial futures. Another solution could be to encourage a more active and healthy lifestyle among the aging population, which would reduce the burden on the NHS while also improving people's quality of life. The report's findings highlight the need for careful planning and management of public finances to ensure that essential welfare programs can continue to provide critical support to those who need it most. As the UK faces the challenges of an aging population and growing demand for social welfare, policymakers must take these issues seriously and act to ensure the long-term sustainability of the UK's public finances.