article: By . Damien Gayle . A 90-year-old woman was locked away and left to starve to death by her own children, police say. Xiaoming Tsui survived a month of captivity in her bedroom by drinking water and eating a few porridge oats neighbours were able to throw in while her children were out. When police burst in at the end of last week to free her after a tip off posted online, her first words were: 'Please, feed me, feed me.' Horrific: Ninety-year-old Xiaoming Tsui is helped to wash after nearly a month in captivity with no food after her children allegedly hatched a plan to starve her to death because they were tired of caring for her . Her daughter and son are now facing charges of attempted murder after police accused them of 'a cold and calculating plan to get rid of someone they found expensive and tiresome to deal with'. A police spokesman said: 'The woman fell ill and to get rid of the problem of having to care for her, her children attempted to make her die from starvation in the locked room. 'They didn't send their mother any food, telling her it was so she didn't need the bathroom, and would allow no-one in to see her.' Neighbours in Yangjuan village in Hunan, China, who realised Mrs Xiaoming was not being given much to eat were able on several occasions to pass oatmeal up to her through an open window. Although they did not know that she was being given nothing, it is believed that one of them was the person who posted the anonymous online message which alerted police to her plight. Emaciated: Her daughter and son are now facing charges of attempted murder after police accused them of 'a cold and calculating plan to get rid of someone they found expensive and tiresome to deal with' 'There had been friction between the old lady and her children for some time,' said the police spokesman. 'She was becoming an increasing burden to them and so they decided to kill her by starving her to death. 'Then they planned to tell the authorities that she simply stopped eating.' The spokesman added: 'This is not just a family dispute, but calculated murder. Obviously, the selfish children wanted their mother to die to save them trouble of taking care of her.'
highlights: Xiaoming Tsui survived thanks to neighbours who threw food to her window . She was only saved after an anonymous person posted a tip-off online . Her son and daughter have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder .
id: 900a649376d461a9983a72fb1e31b7cafebfab0d
chatgpt: In a heart-stopping incident, Xiaoming Tsui, a resident of a quiet suburban neighbourhood, narrowly escaped death after being thrown food by concerned neighbours. The 67-year-old woman was trapped in her apartment after her son and daughter allegedly attempted to murder her. The incident occurred on Monday night, when neighbours first noticed unusual sounds coming from Ms. Tsui’s apartment. They heard her cries for help coming from the window, and on investigating found that the door was locked from the inside. Fearing the worst, they immediately sought to help her. With no way to enter the apartment, the neighbours started throwing food to the window from the street below. They hoped to provide Ms. Tsui with sustenance as she waited for help, and to keep her alive until rescue services arrived.  Ms. Tsui depended on the kindness of neighbours who threw food up to the window in order to survive. Their efforts did not go in vain. An anonymous person eventually posted a tip-off online, and rescue services rushed to the scene. They were able to break the door down and rescue Ms. Tsui, who was weak and severely dehydrated after being trapped for several hours. The police immediately launched an investigation, and after interrogating Ms. Tsui’s son and daughter, they have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder. The details of the attempt are not clear, and it is not known whether this was a premeditated attack. The identity of the anonymous person who tipped off the rescue services is also unknown. The neighbourhood has been shaken by the incident, and many are praising the actions of the concerned neighbours who saved Ms. Tsui’s life. Social media has been buzzing with messages of support for Ms. Tsui and condemnation for the alleged attackers. Ms. Tsui was taken to a nearby hospital, where she is currently receiving medical attention. Her condition remains stable but the long term effects of her ordeal are yet to be determined. The incident highlights the importance of community and vigilance in keeping one another safe.  It is fortunate that the quick thinking actions of those in the community saved Ms. Tsui from a potentially horrific fate. The police have pledged to uncover the details of this crime and to bring justice to the victim. The incident also serves as a reminder of the importance of both iegal and moral obligations to seek help when a danger is sensed.