article: A GoFundMe page for Darren Wilson - the police officer who reportedly killed teenager Michael Brown - has received almost $235,000 in donations. In five days, 5,901 people gave $234,910, according to publicly viewable data for the 'Support Officer Darren Wilson' page. Administrators for the donation page said in a post they are now partnering with charity Shield of Hope. Scroll down for video . Crowdsourced: Over $234,000 dollars were raised on the first GoFundMe page for Officer Darren Wilson . Mysterious: Officer Darren Wilson, pictured earlier this year, has not been see following the shooting of teenager Michael Brown . 'Unfortunately, to do so requires us to end collection on the current page that you are viewing now,' the post said. 'GoFundMe does not allow transfer of existing campaigns, even to charities. Please know that all funds received from our events, this GoFundMe site and our TeeSpring campaign will be donated to Officer Darren Wilson, and in the future, donations will still be donated to Officer Wilson, but will be tax deductible for donors as well.' Early Tuesday morning, GoFundMe announced on Twitter 'In regard to the "Officer Darren Wilson" campaign, donors' comments posted in violation of GoFundMe's terms have been removed.' Multiple comments left by people who donated money had been criticized on social media as racist. Several of those comments were compiled and published by Jon Hedren on Twitter. 'Waste of good ammo. It's my privilege to buy you a replacement box,' one of those tweets read. Another Tweet compiled by Hedren said 'I support officer Wilson he did great job removing an unnecessary thing from the public!' Some Twitter users have criticized the page's existence, saying it violates GoFundMe's terms of service, which bans 'items that promote hate, violence, racial intolerance, or the financial exploitation of a crime.' Expenses: A page set up on behalf of Michael Brown's parents has raised slightly over $201,000 . The new page, 'Support Officer Wilson,' says that 1,688 people collectively donated $71,307 in two days. Meanwhile, a GoFundMe page on behalf of Michael Brown's family, 'Michael Brown Memorial Fund,' has raised $201,789. That page says there have been 7,074 contributors in nine days. That money 'will be used by the Brown family to cover funeral and burial expenses, travel and living expenses of the parents as they seek justice for their son, Michael Brown, Jr.,' according to the page, which is reportedly managed by lawyers for Brown's parents. GoFundMe said in a statement sent to MailOnline late Friday afternoon "GoFundMe is a neutral platform, home to nationally referenced fundraising campaigns that include both the 'Michael Brown Memorial Fund' and the 'Support Officer Darren Wilson' campaign." In its statement, GoFundMe also said 'The content of the campaign itself is not in violation of GoFundMe's terms of service. However, some donors' comments have contained content that is in violation of GoFundMe's terms and have been removed accordingly.'
highlights: A GoFundMe page called 'Support Officer Darren Wilson' raised over $234,000 in just four days . People have already raised $71,000 on a second page for the police officer . Meanwhile, a GoFundMe page on behalf of Michael Brown's family has raised over $201,000 .
id: 3a228c49355a16035df33345be13d395b03df3d1
chatgpt: A GoFundMe page set up in support of Officer Darren Wilson has raised over $234,000 in a mere four days, according to the fundraising website. Wilson was the police officer who fatally shot Michael Brown in the summer of 2014 in Ferguson, Missouri. The GoFundMe page was created by a group calling themselves "Stand Up For Darren Wilson" and initially set a goal of $100,000. The page currently shows over 12,000 contributors and no signs of slowing down. The page was created to help support Wilson and his family as he waits for a grand jury to decide if he should face charges for Brown's death. Soon after the page went live, the fundraising was hit with allegations of fraudulent donations, which were later refuted by GoFundMe. The controversy, however, did not stop Wilson supporters from donating.  A second GoFundMe page, called "Support Officer Wilson," has also raised over $71,000 in just a few days. The page was created by another group calling themselves "I Support Officer Wilson," who made it clear that the money raised would be used to help Wilson with living expenses and legal fees. Meanwhile, another GoFundMe page on behalf of Michael Brown's family has raised over $201,000. The "Michael Brown Memorial Fund" was set up to help the family pay for funeral and court expenses related to Brown's death. The page was created by the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP) and has received donations from celebrities such as hip hop mogul Sean "Diddy" Combs. The two opposing GoFundMe pages show the divided opinions about the events in Ferguson, as well as the effectiveness of online fundraising. Social media has played a significant role in spreading the word about these fundraisers, with many people sharing the links to their personal accounts. The fundraising efforts have created a buzz on social media, with people on both sides of the issue chiming in. Some individuals are questioning the ethics of funding someone who has taken another person's life, while others see it as a way of supporting someone who may be going through a difficult time.  While these donations may help support Officer Wilson and Michael Brown's family, they do not resolve the underlying issues plaguing the Ferguson community. The death of Michael Brown has sparked a national conversation about racial tension and police brutality in America. The community awaits the grand jury's decision with bated breath, and hopes that justice will be served. In the meantime, it appears that both Wilson and Brown's family have found support from different corners of the country thanks to the power of social media and crowdfunding.