article: Fire crews are tackling a massive blaze at a Scottish fish factory. These incredible pictures show clouds of thick smoke billowing out of Fresh Catch fish processing plant which caught fire at just before 3pm today. Emergency services arrives as flames erupted from the building while witnesses describe hearing loud bangs coming from within the factory. The factory has been cordoned off as up to 10 crews tackle the fire and attempt to access ammonia cannisters on the site. Scroll down for video . These pictures show the sheer scale of the blaze at Fresh Catch fish processing plant in Peterhead, Aberdeenshire . Clouds of thick smoke can be seen billowing out of Fresh Catch fish processing plant and across the harbour . The Scottish Fire and Rescue Service said it had sent six appliances to the scene since the fire began at 2.43pm today. Police closed off a large section of Peterhead town centre, in Aberdeenshire. Nearby residential streets were also evacuated. A Police Scotland spokesman said: 'At 14.58pm we were notified by Fire and Rescue of an ongoing large fire at an industrial premises on Charlotte Street. 'The evacuation of homes in Errol Street is under way.' No-one is beleived to have been injured in the blaze. Witnesses had described hearing loud bangs coming from within the factory after the fire started this afternoon . Bright orange flames can also be seen coming out of the factory as well as the thick black smoke . Hundreds gathered to see the fire and the smoke clouds, which were visible from Peterhead FC's Balmoor Stadium where the club were playing at home game against Stirling Albion. Fresh Catch is owned by North Bay Pelagic in the north east town of Peterhead, one of Europe's busiest fish landing ports. The plant was previously blamed for another devastating fire in July 2011. Locals had been told to stay in their homes to avoid toxic fumes from the smoke at the peak of the fire which took nine fire service appliances to put out. An investigation later found the fire had started at the nearby Anderson Marine boat builder. Richard Lochhead, Cabinet Secretary for Rural Affairs, Food and Environment, tweeted: 'Sorry to hear about major fire in Peterhead that's reported to be one of the larger fish factories.' The Scottish Fire and Rescue Service said it had sent six appliances to the scene to try and put it out . The factory has been cordoned and parts of the town centre evacuated as up to 10 crews tackle the fire and attempt to access ammonia cannisters on the site . A motorists passes the scene: Hundreds gathered to see the fire and the smoke clouds which were visible from across the road and even at Peterhead FC's Balmoor Stadium .
highlights: Up to ten fire crews arrived to tackle the blaze at Fresh Catch factory . Locals in Peterhead, Aberdeenshire were evacuated from their homes . Black smoke was seen billowing from the building and across the harbour .
id: 7e12d8e0d24dca949dbd536053c629dab33ff7c1
chatgpt: Up to ten fire crews were called to the scene of a raging inferno at the Fresh Catch factory in Peterhead, Aberdeenshire on Tuesday. The blaze began early in the morning, with locals reporting seeing black smoke billowing from the building and spreading across the harbor. Authorities quickly took action, evacuating residents from nearby homes and businesses as responders worked to contain the blaze. Firefighters from as far away as Aberdeen were also called in to assist with the effort. Despite their best efforts, however, the fire continued to grow and spread throughout the morning. By midday, flames were seen pouring from the roof of the factory as responders continued to work tirelessly to prevent the spread of the fire to nearby structures. According to reports, no injuries have been reported in connection with the fire at this time. However, responders have stated that it may be several days before the full extent of the damage is known. The cause of the blaze remains unknown at this time, and authorities say that they are continuing to investigate the incident. Locals expressed shock and concern as news of the fire spread through the community. Many shared memories and fond experiences associated with the fresh food produced by the factory, and have stated their hopes that the damage can be repaired and operations can soon return to normal. In the meantime, community members have shown their support for the responders who have been working tirelessly to contain the fire. Local businesses have offered food and drink to responders, while residents have taken to social media to express their gratitude and admiration for their bravery and dedication in the face of such a challenging situation. Despite the ongoing challenges posed by the fire, the community of Peterhead remains strong and resilient, rallying around one another to offer support and hope in the face of adversity. As responders continue to work to contain the blaze, residents remain hopeful that the damage can soon be repaired and life can return to normal in this tight-knit coastal community.