article: (CNN) -- The owner of a taxidermy school in Blanco, Texas, says he's been receiving more phone calls and attention than he'd like over the identity of a dead roughly 30-pound, mostly hairless coyote-like creature. This strange creature has sparked a media frenzy in Blanco, Texas. "I don't know what it is. ... I do know that I have an odd animal," Jerry Ayer said Thursday. He said word spread quickly that he was in possession of an unknown animal -- often speculated in his region to be chupacabras, or mythical creatures, he said. Soon, the local, national and even international media picked up on what he said could be a "genetically defective coyote." "Chupacabra" roughly translates from Spanish to "goat sucker." Reported victims are said to have puncture wounds to their necks, supposedly where the chupacabra drained their blood.  Watch people examine mystery creature » . "I don't believe in the chupacabra," Ayer said, adding that he's been in the midst of a "media blitz" -- receiving 50 phone calls from media outlets and citizens, as well as death threats late at night -- since word got out about the strange beast. "It's been rough on me," he said. "I'm almost at the point where I'm going to take my sign down and hide under a rock somewhere." He said he received the body from a former student whose cousin owns the barn where the creature succumbed to poison left for rodents. Before he knew it, he said, word spread that he had a chupacabra. Ayers, who doesn't hunt and regards himself as a wildlife artist, said he intends to stuff and mount the animal. He said Texas A&M University has taken tissue samples to determine exactly what it is, and other universities have also reached out to him. "It'll probably end up in a museum," he said. He's hopeful the attention will soon die down. "There's no way I could teach with this," he said, explaining that his school, Blanco Taxidermy School, generally gives one-on-one instruction in the town of about 1,500 people about 50 miles west of Austin. "I'm unable to do any of that right now just because of the media frenzy," he said.
highlights: Word quickly spread about coyote-like body at Texas school . Owner says he doubts it's a legendary chupacabra . He has gotten dozens of calls from media, residents . Body came from former student; it was killed in barn by poison .
id: a5be4c3ee6ac7fe0980e440163961277f815a920
chatgpt: The residents of a small Texas town were in shock this week after news quickly spread about a coyote-like body found on the grounds of a local school. Many were quick to speculate that the creature might be the legendary chupacabra, a mythical beast known for its bizarre appearance and supposed ability to drain the blood of livestock. However, the owner of the creature has spoken out, revealing that he doubts the animal is a chupacabra. According to reports, he has received dozens of calls from both media outlets and concerned residents, all eager to learn more about the strange discovery. The animal's body was reportedly discovered by staff at the school, who immediately contacted the local authorities. Upon inspection, it was clear that the creature had been killed by poison, although it remains unclear who was responsible for its death. Further investigation revealed that the animal had belonged to a former student of the school, who had reportedly kept it in a nearby barn. It's unclear exactly how the creature came to be there, but it's believed that it may have escaped from its enclosure before being killed. Despite the owner's doubts, many in the community remain convinced that the animal is a chupacabra. Some have even suggested that the discovery could be part of a larger trend, with sightings of the legendary creature reported in several other states in recent years. Whatever the truth may be, the discovery has sparked a great deal of interest in the town and beyond. Many are eager to learn more about the creature and its origins, and some are even calling for further investigation into the matter. For now, however, the mystery remains unsolved. The creature's body has been taken into custody by local authorities, who are working to determine its true identity and the circumstances of its death. Meanwhile, the residents of the town continue to speculate, debate, and discuss the strange and mysterious creature that briefly captured their imaginations.