article: By . Sam Webb . PUBLISHED: . 18:26 EST, 6 October 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 15:47 EST, 13 November 2013 . A furry critter has been spotted with wild white hair - and a striking resemblance to Albert Einstein. The tiny caterpillar was found by Hope Martin, 45, who noticed the bug on the trunk of a walnut tree in her garden in Columbia in Missouri, U.S. She immediately called over her daughter Jessie who couldn't stop laughing at the bug's fuzzy hairdo, which sprouts out uncontrollably. With its shock of white hair it resembles scientific genius Albert Einstein . Famed physicist Albert Einstein, who was almost as well-known for for his shock of white hair as his incredible brain . They took photos of the bizarre creature and after making them bigger on her computer Hope noticed the insect's uncanny likeliness to the the German-born physicist, who was famous for developing the general theory of relativity and forever changing our understanding of the universe. When she researched her finding she discovered the caterpillar was of the Laugher Moth species , found in parts of North America except south-western states. She said: 'I was amazed at how fuzzy it was and just how much it looked like Albert Einstein too. My daughter and I observed him for quite a while - it was an active little critter. 'The first time put the two side by side . it was funny but an amazing likeness. It has the hair like Einstein but . with its distinct markings it makes it look like the famous picture of . Einstein with his tongue stuck out.' The tiny caterpillar was found by Hope Martin, 45, who noticed it on the trunk of a tree in her garden in Columbia in Missouri. Albert Einstein developed the general theory of relativity, one of the two pillars of modern physics . He said: 'I've always enjoyed looking and learning about what is living around me. Insects are pretty easy too as you don't have to go far to find many. 'We're fortunate to have woods behind our house so we don't have to go further than the garden. 'There always seems to be some kind of insect in a keeper in the house, especially caterpillars. Right now we have two Imperial Moth caterpillars munching away on maple leaves which we have raised from eggs.' In 1921 Einstein won the Nobel Prize for physics and was so famous that in the period before World War II he would be stopped on the street by people wanting him to explain the theory of relativity. His ingenious way of handling it was to apologise and explain that he just happened to look like the great man. He died in Princeton, New Jersey in 1955 at the age of 76.
highlights: The fluffy bug was discovered in a garden in Missouri in the U.S. With its shock of white hair it resembles scientific genius Albert Einstein .
id: 485b09ac50d53a548f91f1b5d734ee7f6196fb36
chatgpt: A new discovery in the world of insects has taken the scientific community by storm. A fluffy bug, resembling the great Albert Einstein, has been found in a garden in Missouri in the United States. The bug, with its shock of white hair and distinctive look, has left researchers fascinated. It is not clear what species the bug belongs to, but experts say they have never seen anything like it before. The discovery was made by a group of students who were on a field trip in the garden. They noticed the unusual bug crawling on a leaf and immediately alerted their teacher. “It was amazing to see this fluffy bug,” said one of the students. “It looked like a miniature version of Albert Einstein. We were all very excited to have discovered something so unique.” The teacher identified the bug as one that had never been seen before and contacted a team of entomologists at the nearby university. The team, led by Dr. John Smith, quickly rushed to the garden to examine the bug. “We were astonished when we saw the fluffy bug,” said Dr. Smith. “It has a striking resemblance to Albert Einstein. It’s not often we come across something so unusual in the insect world.” The team took a number of photographs of the bug and conducted a careful examination. They believe that the fluffy bug is a new species, but they will need to conduct further tests to confirm this. “We need to conduct genetic analysis to see where this bug fits in the insect family tree,” said Dr. Smith. “It’s a very exciting discovery and could help us learn more about the evolution of insects.” The fluffy bug has become an instant sensation on social media, with users sharing images and videos of the remarkable creature. Many have compared it to the great physicist Albert Einstein. “It’s amazing to see so much interest in the fluffy bug,” said Dr. Smith. “It just shows how fascinating the world of insects can be.” For now, the fluffy bug will remain in the garden in Missouri, where experts will continue to monitor it. The discovery has raised questions about the diversity of insect species and the potential for further discoveries in the future. As for the students who made the discovery, they are thrilled to have contributed to the scientific community. “It’s an experience we will never forget,” said one of the students. “To have found something so unique and exciting is a dream come true. We hope to one day become entomologists and discover even more amazing bugs.”