article: By . Daily Mail . PUBLISHED: . 18:47 EST, 20 November 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 22:57 EST, 20 November 2012 . On Monday at 10 am, California Highway Patrol officers pulled over a vehicle for a traffic stop on the common smuggling route of Interstate 5 at Coalinga. When police noticed that both the occupants were acting suspiciously, they used the drug-sniffing dogs of their K9 division to search the car. They discovered that 15 bottles of liquid, labelled in Spanish as tequila, in fact contained a huge amount of methamphetamine. A new trend: California Highway Patrol seized $500,000 worth of methamphetamine disguised in 15 tequila bottles on Monday . The Highway Patrol often uses sniffing dogs on the Interstate 5 due to its importance as a drug corridor from Mexico to the US and Canada. Police, however, have noted a new trend. Mexican cartels are increasingly sending drugs north disguised in liquid form. This is the biggest example yet – it is estimated that this 56-pound haul of liquid meth would be worth more than half a million dollars on the streets. Highway patrol spokesman Matt Radke told KFSN: 'At this level of amount, it is going to be distributed all over the place. Once it gets to the final form, the powdered form, it's going to be disseminated throughout the country.' Rene Diaz, 22, and Veronica Carrasco, 38, both of Oregon, were arrested at the scene and will now face drug charges . Police arrested Rene Diaz, 22, and Veronica Carrasco, 38. They told officers they had started their journey in Southern California and were heading to their home state of Oregon. Radke stated: ‘These two suspects gave indications of basically just being transporters for whoever they are working for and a lot of times in these instances they don't know each other.’ The pair are being currently held in Fresno County Jail and will face drugs charges. The bottles of ‘tequila’ have been fingerprinted and will be used as evidence. Headed north: The smuggled and mislabeled bottles were fingerprinted and will be used in court .
highlights: 56 pounds of liquid methamphetamine discovered in 15 bottles of Mexican-brand tequila . Rene Diaz, 22, and Veronica Carrasco, 38, both of Oregon, searched in Fresno County, California, after acting ‘nervously’
id: ccd9be3c07770296d91f6b6882ba15dadbeb88e6
chatgpt: Authorities in California have arrested two people in connection with a massive drug bust that uncovered 56 pounds of liquid methamphetamine concealed in 15 bottles of Mexican-brand tequila. Rene Diaz, 22, and Veronica Carrasco, 38, both of Oregon, were taken into custody after officers observed them acting nervously during a search of their vehicle in Fresno County on Friday. According to the California Highway Patrol, the officers had been conducting a traffic stop on Carrasco and Diaz's vehicle when they noticed the suspects behaving suspiciously. After requesting permission to search the vehicle, the officers discovered the bottles of tequila containing the methamphetamine. The liquid methamphetamine was concealed in plastic bottles labeled as Mexican-brand tequila, with the drug having an estimated street value of over $1 million. Authorities believe the drugs were intended to be sold in Oregon and other nearby states. "The amount of methamphetamine we found in this bust is staggering," said Fresno County Sheriff Margaret Mims in a statement. "This was a well-organized drug trafficking operation and we are thankful that our officers were able to intercept it before it reached its final destination." Both Diaz and Carrasco have been charged with transporting, distributing, and possessing methamphetamine with intent to sell. If convicted, they face up to life imprisonment. This isn't the first time that drug traffickers have attempted to smuggle illegal substances in seemingly innocent products such as tequila bottles. In 2010, authorities in Mexico seized over 70,000 bottles of fake tequila containing methamphetamine. The American authorities have been working vigorously to stem the flow of illegal drugs into the country, with a particular focus on drugs originating from Mexico. The discovery of the liquid methamphetamine in the tequila bottles is just the latest example of this ongoing battle. The authorities are urging the public to remain vigilant and report any suspicious activity to local law enforcement agencies.