article: By . Helen Pow . A school bus driver in Olympia, Washington, has been placed on leave after he was caught on video bullying a developmentally disabled 14-year-old girl. Louanne Bay, said her daughter, Mariah, a student at Washington Middle School, had complained for more than a year that the bus driver had been calling her names and encouraging other special need students on the bus to do the same. But the girl's complaints were only acted upon recently, when footage was unearthed allegedly showing the man in the act. Bully: A school bus driver in Olympia, Washington, has been placed on leave after he was caught on video bullying Mariah Bay, pictured, a developmentally disabled 14-year-old . School buses: Mariah, a student at Washington Middle School, had complained for more than a year that the bus driver had been calling her names and encouraging other special need students on the bus to do the same . Bay said her daughter is afraid of bees after spotting one on the bus, and in the tape the bus driver can be heard telling the girl, 'I am going to bring a beehive on the bus,' among other nasty remarks. 'You can clearly hear the driver calling my daughter names, encouraging other children to bully her,' Bay, who was shown the video last week, told The Olympian. 'All of the children on the bus are special needs with a variety of disabilities, which makes it even worse.' The concerned mother added to KOBI 5: 'It was hard (to watch the video). I started to cry when the bus driver was laughing saying he was going to bring a bee hive on the bus.' Bay said her daughter, who is in the 8th grade but has the development of a 4th grader, also complained that when she asked the driver to turn down the heat in the bus, he purposely turned it up. Mariah also alleged the driver threatened to hit her on occasion, though this wasn't on the video. Delay: Louanne Bay, pictured, said her daughter's complaints were only acted upon recently, when footage was unearthed allegedly showing the man in the act . School: The Olympia School District has placed the school bus drivers after the alleged bullying of the Washington Middle School, pictured, student . 'They're going to have to learn how to train their drivers to behave with kids,' Bay told the newspaper. 'It's been a nightmare.' The Olympia School District says it put the driver on leave last week. The district is treating this matter very seriously, OSD spokeswoman Rebecca Japhet said in a statement, adding that an investigation is underway. 'In the meantime, staff is committed to working with this family to ensure the student feels safe and supported on her way to school, at school and on the way home from school.' Bay said the school district has refused to release to her a copy of the videotape, or a transcript of the driver's comments.
highlights: The Olympia, Washington, student's mother, Louanne Bay, said her daughter, Mariah, had complained for more than a year that the bus driver had been calling her names . But the Olympia School District did nothing until surveillance footage allegedly showing the driver in action emerged last week . The 14-year-old is afraid of bees and in the tape the bus driver can be . heard telling the girl, 'I am going to bring a beehive on the bus' The girl also claimed he threatened to hit her and turned the heat up on the bus when she asked if he could please turn it down . The bus driver, who hasn't been identified, was placed on leave while the case is being investigated .
id: 4dd5797f4b25c24bedd15aaf56e5ed35002b9554
chatgpt: Olympia, Washington - The mother of a student at an Olympia school has accused a school bus driver of consistently calling her daughter names for over a year. Louanne Bay, the mother of Mariah, said her daughter had been complaining for a long time, but it was only after surveillance footage emerged last week that officials took the matter seriously. The footage allegedly shows the bus driver, who has not been identified, insulting and harassing Mariah, a 14-year-old student, and threatening her with a beehive. Mariah, who is afraid of bees, can be seen on the tape trying to move away from the driver as he threatens to bring a beehive onto the bus. In an interview, Louanne Bay said that her daughter had been afraid to speak up, as she worried she would be thought of as a troublemaker. She said that the driver had called Mariah names that are too vulgar to repeat. Louanne Bay was outraged that it was only after the surveillance footage emerged that the school district took action. She said that a complaint had been made to the school district last year, but nothing had been done. The school district has placed the bus driver on leave while the investigation continues. In a statement, Olympia School District's communications director, Ryan Betz, said that the district takes all allegations of misconduct seriously and will respond to them appropriately. According to Mariah, the bus driver also threatened to hit her and turned up the heat on the bus when she asked him to turn it down. She was afraid to speak out earlier as she did not want to be the center of attention. Mariah hopes that the school district's investigation will lead to the bus driver being held accountable and that she can feel safe again on her rides to and from school. This is not the first time that Olympia School District has faced allegations of misconduct. In 2019, a school bus driver was accused of sexual harassment by a student. The district launched an investigation and the driver was fired. Parents are expressing their concerns and outrage on social media, calling for stricter background checks and better monitoring of bus drivers. Some believe that there should be cameras installed on buses to monitor behavior and prevent such incidents from happening in the future. Mariah's story has sparked a conversation about the safety of students when they are on the school bus. It has become a matter of concern for parents, who want their children to travel to and from school safely, without any threat to their well-being. The school district has assured the community that they will take all necessary measures to ensure the safety of their students. They have urged parents to come forward with any concerns or complaints they may have regarding the conduct of school bus drivers.