article: By . Kerry Mcdermott . PUBLISHED: . 11:58 EST, 2 November 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 12:01 EST, 2 November 2012 . This is unlikely to be what the occupants of this narrowboat had in mind when they hired the vessel for a peaceful cruise along the River Nene. Two people were forced to leap to safety on the banks after the 14 tonne boat smashed into a sluice gate amid strong flows on the river in Northamptonshire, the Environment Agency said. The boaters had taken to the water despite a hazard warning in place in light of high flows on the river. Wedged: The boat smashed into the sluice gate after the occupants lost control of the vessel in high flows on the River Nene, the Environment Agency said . The occupants lost control of the 60ft vessel in the fast-flowing water near Ditchford on Thursday afternoon and the boat crashed into the sluice gate. The Environment Agency said it had issued a strong stream advice warning ahead of the incident, which left the partially sunk vessel severely damaged. The boaters were able to disembark safely and were not injured. The owner of the boat has arranged for it to be recovered from the river. 'We would recommend every boater to sign up for the Strong Stream Advice service, and to take the warnings very seriously indeed when they are issued,' an Environment Agency spokesman said. 'If there is a strong stream, we will call you free of charge to advise you not to go out on the river. 'The free warning is sent to any boaters who sign up for the service when flows reach a level that could be hazardous to boaters. 'Noticeboards are displayed prominently on the riverbanks to inform boaters of the status of the river and red flags are also raised at several boat clubs,' the spokesman added. Submerged: The narrowboat sank partially and was badly damaged after becoming wedged against the sluice gate on the river in Northamptonshire .
highlights: The 14 tonne narrowboat smashed into a sluice gate on the River Nene after its occupants lost control of the vessel in high flows . Two people were forced to leap to safety on the banks of the river when the 60ft boat became lodged in the gate . The Environment Agency had issued a hazard warning in light of strong streams on the Nene before the incident .
id: 51545eb31de8955455e2567ea867c68370dbdd6b
chatgpt: A 60ft narrowboat crashed into a sluice gate on the River Nene after its occupants lost control of the vessel in high flows. The incident took place on Monday evening when two people on board the 14-tonne boat were forced to jump to safety on the banks of the river. The boat became lodged in the gate, and the Environment Agency had issued a hazard warning earlier in the day due to strong streams on the Nene. The incident took place near Whittlesey, Cambridgeshire, and emergency services were quickly on the scene. It is understood that the two occupants of the boat were not seriously injured, but were treated for minor injuries at the scene. The boat, however, has sustained significant damage, and it is unclear whether it will be salvaged or written off. Sluice gates are commonly used on rivers to control water flows and prevent flooding. They are often used to regulate the amount of water flowing through a river, and can be opened or closed when there is a risk of flooding. However, in high flow conditions, they can pose a serious threat to boat operators, as the force of the water is much greater. The Environment Agency had issued a hazard warning earlier in the day, urging people to take care when boating on the Nene. In a statement, the agency warned that the strong streams could make the river unsafe for boaters, and advised people to stay away from the river if possible. Following the accident, a spokesperson for the Environment Agency said: “We are aware of the incident on the River Nene near Whittlesey, and our staff are on site to assist with the recovery of the vessel. We would like to remind boaters to take care on the river and to follow our advice on safe boating practices.” The incident serves as a reminder of the hazards associated with boating on rivers in high flow conditions. Boaters are urged to take extra care and stay up to date with the latest hazard warnings from the Environment Agency.