article: The night Jessica Silva allegedly stabbed her estranged partner to death, her neighbour says there was a scream like she'd never heard before. Silva has been accused of stabbing James Polkinghorne, 28, up to five times outside her family home in Marrickville in Sydney's inner west on Mother's Day in 2012. The 24-year-old has pleaded not guilty to murder on the basis of self defence. Scroll down for video . Jessica Silva was in court today, accused of stabbing her former partner James Polkinghorne to death on Mother's Day 2012 . Neighbour Ngaoa Issaka-Joseph told Silva's NSW Supreme Court trial on Thursday she was inside watching television when the family heard someone screaming. 'I have never heard a scream like that before,' she said. Ms Issaka-Joseph described how she went outside and saw three people in the middle of a road. A 'hysterical' Silva was holding the hand of her brother's girlfriend and repeatedly screaming, 'Oh my baby', she said. The 24-year-old has pleaded not guilty to a murder charge on the grounds of self defence . Police allegedly found drugs on murder victim Polkinghorne the night he died, and this photograph was presented as evidence on Thursday . As Silva cried, her father Avalino Silva and brother Miguel restrained Mr Polkinghorne on the road, the court heard. 'He was trying to get up,' Ms Issaka-Joseph said. Robyn James also told the court she and her husband Ian James were driving their daughter home that evening when they saw a body in the road. 'There was a lady and she was facing towards the road. She had an implement which I'm sure was a knife. 'Some gentlemen were holding her back ... they were yelling, they were dragging her back. She was pushing forward.' Neighbour Ngaoa Issaka-Joseph told Silva's NSW Supreme Court trial she was inside watching television when she heard someone screaming the night Silva's ex-partner was killed . This pictured of knife Silva allegedly used to stab her estranged partner to death was also shown as evidence . The trial has previously heard Silva had been verbally and physically abused by Mr Polkinghorne throughout their four-year relationship and had repeatedly told her friends she feared for her life as he was selling and consuming the drug 'ice'. On the morning of Mr Polkinghorne's death he texted her: 'I hope your mother gets poisoned by the flowers that you give her and you get gang raped', according to prosecution evidence. 'If you are alive (tomorrow) I'm caving your face,' he later threatened. But crown prosecutor Eric Balodis said: 'There are lawful ways to respond to domestic violence. The crown's case is (the) accused response was not lawful'. The trial continues. The trial has previously heard Silva had been verbally and physically abused by Mr Polkinghorne throughout their four-year relationship . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
highlights: Jessica Silva is accused of murdering her estranged partner James Polkinghorne . She is accused of stabbing him to death in Marrickville in Sydney's inner-west on Mother's Day 2012 . A court heard a neighbour's recount of the events including the hysterical screams coming from the street . Ms Silva has pleaded not guilty to murder on the basis of self defence .
id: 6982aaf539fa90a6c2bb020d228e370edcf4c66b
chatgpt: In a court hearing today, Jessica Silva, aged 33, was accused of murdering her estranged partner, James Polkinghorne. The incident took place on Mother's Day in 2012 in Marrickville, located in Sydney's inner-west. Silva has pleaded not guilty to murder, claiming that she acted in self-defence. During the hearing, a witness, who was the neighbour of the couple, recounted the events of that fateful evening. The witness described how they heard "hysterical screams" coming from the street and how they immediately ran out to investigate. Upon reaching the scene, the witness was stunned to see that Silva allegedly had her hands covered in blood and was crying uncontrollably. Polkinghorne was found lying on the ground with multiple stab wounds, and emergency services were unable to revive him. The prosecution argued that Silva had deliberately murdered Polkinghorne and that her self-defence claim was false. The defence countered that Silva had always been in fear of Polkinghorne and that she had acted in self-defence to protect herself from his abuse. The defence cited previous violent incidents in the past, stating that Polkinghorne had a history of domestic violence towards Silva. The defence also brought in expert witnesses to testify on the effects of trauma on a person's long-term mental health. They argued that Silva's traumatic experiences had left her with severe PTSD, which had affected her ability to make rational decisions. The case has sparked nationwide debate about the prevalence of domestic violence in Australian society. In a statement released by the victim's family, they expressed their deep sorrow at the loss of their loved one and called for more support for victims of domestic violence. The trial is expected to last several weeks, and the jury will have to determine if Silva acted in self-defence or if the prosecution's claims that she deliberately murdered Polkinghorne hold true. The case has brought to light the ongoing issue of domestic violence in Australia, with advocates calling for more education and resources to stop such violence. While the trial continues, the community will be watching as the legal system determines the truth behind this tragic incident.