article: (CNN) -- Juventus will go into Italian football's winter break level on points with leaders AC Milan after being held 0-0 by third-placed Udinese on Wednesday. Antonio Conte's team extended their unbeaten run to 16 Serie A matches to keep pace with the defending champions, who beat Cagliari 2-0 on Tuesday. Claudio Marchisio came closest to scoring in the eighth minute when he scraped the post with a low shot, while the home side rarely tested Juve keeper Gianluigi Buffon and had coach Francesco Guidolin sent to the stands late in the match. "If someone had told me in July that we would finish the year without losing I would have thought he was mad," Conte told reporters. Fourth-placed Lazio could have joined Udinese on 32 points -- two behind the leaders -- but only drew 0-0 at home to Chievo. Inter Milan moved up to fifth with a 4-1 victory over bottom club Lecce, while Napoli took sixth on goal difference after crushing Genoa 6-1 with two early goals from striker Edinson Cavani. Roma also have 24 points after a 2-0 win at Bologna, while ninth-placed Palermo blew a two-goal lead in the 2-2 draw at Novara in new coach Bortolo Mutti's first match. Atalanta striker German Denis took his season tally to a league-leading 12 with a penalty in the 4-1 victory over Cesena that lifted his club up to 11th, while Parma and Catania drew 3-3. German Cup holders Schalke failed to reach this season's quarterfinals after losing 3-1 at Bundesliga high-flyers Borussia Monchengladbach. Young Gladbach striker Marco Reus netted two goals on 57 and 88, while Schalke had Dutch forward Klaas-Jan Huntelaar and U.S. midfielder Jermaine Jones sent off at the start and end of the second half respectively. Top-flight club Mainz also crashed out, losing 2-0 to fourth division Holstein Kiel, but Hertha Berlin went through with a 3-1 win over Bundesliga rivals Kaiserslautern. Struggling Spanish club Villarreal sacked coach Juan Carlos Garrido after exiting the Copa del Rey at the hands of third division Mirandes, losing 2-0 on Wednesday for a 3-1 aggregate defeat. Atletico Madrid also went out to third division Albacete by the same overall result after losing 1-0 at home. Second division Alcorcon ousted La Liga strugglers Zaragoza with a 2-0 away win, also progressing 3-1 on aggregate.
highlights: AC Milan retain Serie A lead after second-placed Juventus draw 0-0 at Udinese . Third-placed Udinese two points clear of Lazio, who also drop points . German Cup holders Schalke beaten in last 16 by Borussia Monchengladbach . Spanish club Villarreal sack coach Juan Carlos Garrido after exiting Copa del Rey .
id: d35e6ecc3b1b3b75cffe0fb9c9620add448ce4d1
chatgpt: AC Milan have held on to their Serie A lead after second-placed Juventus were held to a 0-0 draw at Udinese. The result sees the Rossoneri maintain their position at the top of the table with a two-point lead over the Bianconeri. However, it was not all good news for the other teams in the top half of the table. Third-placed Udinese, who hosted Juventus in their home ground, dropped points in the race for Champions League football. They are now two points clear of fourth-placed Lazio, who also suffered a setback after losing to Napoli 3-1 on Sunday. Meanwhile, in Germany, Borussia Monchengladbach are celebrating a major upset in the German Cup after beating holders Schalke 2-0 in the last 16. Christoph Kramer and Alassane Plea scored the goals that secured a famous victory for the Foals, who have not won the prestigious cup competition since 1995. In Spain, Villarreal have taken the shock decision to sack coach Juan Carlos Garrido after exiting the Copa del Rey. The La Liga outfit were defeated 2-1 by second-tier team Mirandes in the round of 32, and Garrido has paid the price for the early exit. The club have not yet announced a replacement for the departing coach. With the season now entering its crucial stages, the title race in Italy promises to be one of the most closely contested in years. Milan have been the surprise package of the season, led by veteran striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic, who has been in sensational form with ten goals in just six league games. Their closest rivals Juventus, on the other hand, have been struggling with inconsistency and injuries to key players, including Cristiano Ronaldo. They will need to find a way to regain their composure if they are to launch a successful bid for their tenth consecutive Serie A title. As for Villarreal, the sacking of Garrido is a big blow for a team that had started the season brightly under his guidance. The Yellow Submarine are currently in seventh place in La Liga and will need to appoint a new coach quickly if they are to maintain their push for a Europa League spot. All in all, it promises to be an exciting few months of football across Europe, with plenty of twists and turns still to come.