article: (CNN)  -- Holders Chelsea stayed on course for the domestic double in England with a 3-0 win over Aston Villa at Wembley on Saturday to reach the FA Cup final. A Didier Drogba goal midway through the second half and further late strikes from Florent Malouda and Frank Lampard secured victory for Carlo Ancelotti's men in a game of otherwise few chances. They will face either Tottenham Hotspur or now-relegated Portsmouth, who play the second semifinal at Wembley on Sunday. Portsmouth will go into that match as massive underdogs and hardly encouraged by West Ham's 1-0 win over Sunderland in English Premier League action on Saturday, which confirms their demotion after a season of financial turmoil. Whoever reaches next month's showpiece will face a Chelsea side, who are leading the Premier League and playing with renewed vigor since their shock Champions League exit to Inter Milan. It was the 32nd goal of the season in all competitions for Ivory Coast star Drogba and one of his most important as he reacted quickly to divert home John Terry's shot which was going wide. Terry had been given the chance to shoot after a poor headed clearance from a corner by Villa center back Richard Dunne. The victory was sealed when substitute Michael Ballack crossed to the far post for the excellent Malouda to fire past Brad Freidel before Lampard scored a third with one of the final kicks of the match. It proved another Wembley letdown for Martin O'Neill's Villa, who were beaten in the English League Cup final by Manchester United. They started the match the brightest and had strong appeals for a penalty turned down by Howard Webb as Norway striker John Carew appeared to be pulled down by Jon Obi Mikel. But in the second half Chelsea, who thrashed Villa 7-1 in the Premier League last month, took command and although the margin of victory was flattering underlined their growing confidence at the business end of the English season. Lampard, who rounded off the win with his last-minute goal, said their confidence had increased after Drogba's opener. "The double is still on, it'll be very tough but we want to go all the way," he told ITV Sport. In the other Premier League game played on Saturday, Burnley beat fellow strugglers Hull City 4-1 to re-energize their survival hopes, but both sides remain in the bottom three after West Ham's win.
highlights: Chelsea beat Aston Villa 3-0 to reach final of the English FA Cup . Didier Drogba, Florent Malouda and Frank Lampard score in second half for Blues . Tottenham or Portsmouth will face them in next month's final at Wembley . Vital wins in English Premier League for West Ham and Burnley in relegation battle .
id: 3985053215d522440bf37e314342528d4f22b478
chatgpt: Chelsea booked their place in the final of the English FA Cup after defeating Aston Villa 3-0 on Saturday. The Blues put up an impressive performance at Wembley Stadium, with goals from Didier Drogba, Florent Malouda and Frank Lampard in the second half. It was a cagey first half with both teams having chances, but Chelsea came out of the blocks firing in the second half. They took the lead in the 56th minute when Drogba headed in from close range. Malouda then doubled their advantage in the 71st minute with a well-placed shot inside the box. Lampard sealed the victory in stoppage time with a perfectly placed free-kick. Chelsea's path to the final wasn't an easy one, as they had to overcome some tough opposition along the way. They beat Watford, Preston and Stoke City in the earlier rounds before taking on Aston Villa. The London side will now wait to see who their opponents will be in the final, which will be played at Wembley on 15th May. The other semifinal between Tottenham and Portsmouth will be played on Sunday. Meanwhile, the Premier League witnessed some vital wins in the relegation battle on Saturday. West Ham beat Wigan Athletic 3-2, while Burnley pulled off a crucial 1-0 win over Hull City. Both teams will be looking to build on their wins in the remaining fixtures of the season to secure their place in the top-flight for the next season. West Ham came from behind to win at the Boleyn Ground, with Frederic Piquionne, Jonathan Spector and Scott Parker scoring for the Hammers. Charles N'Zogbia and Hugo Rodallega were on target for Wigan. At the KC Stadium, Steven Fletcher's goal proved to be the difference as Burnley beat Hull City. Burnley now have 31 points, two points clear of Hull and three points behind West Ham, who are in 17th position. The relegation battle in the Premier League is heating up with only a few games left in the season. West Ham and Burnley will be hoping to hold on to their leads in the coming weeks to maintain their top-flight status.