article: (CNN) -- Brazil's new president-elect vowed to continue her predecessor's move to fight against inequality and promote human rights and fight poverty in her victory speech Sunday night. "My mission is to eradicate poverty," Dilma Rousseff said after the country's Supreme Electoral Tribunal declared her the winner in Sunday's runoff election. As the nation's first woman to hold the office, Rousseff said she has a mission to fight for more gender equality in Brazil. "I hope the fathers and mothers of little girls will look at them and say yes, women can." Rousseff -- President Luiz Inacio da Silva's right-hand woman -- has served as his chief of staff. Previously, as energy minister, she claims to have helped turn Brazil into one of the world's leading energy giants. A left-wing guerrilla fighter during the military dictatorship rule in the 1960s, Rousseff said during a congressional hearing that she was "barbarically tortured" after she was charged with subversion by the military regime. Her opponent, Jose Serra, also suffered persecution during Brazil's military rule and was forced into exile during the 1960s. A centrist politician, he served as health minister during Fernando Henrique Cardoso's government. He recently left his job as governor of Brazil's richest state, Sao Paulo, to run for presidency. Millions of voters lined up across Brazil's vast territory to vote in the heated runoff. In 60 Brazilian cities, voters used their thumbs instead of ballots on a newly launched biometric system, where voters scan their fingers to log in and vote. TSE officials said all regions, however remote, will have the ubiquitous electronic voting machine. In indigenous areas in the Amazon, these voting machines were delivered by boats and helicopters. It costs the state of Amazonas 5 million reais. (U.S. $3 million) to place the voting machines. One of the most challenging trajectories, officials said, is the one to Sao Gabriel da Cachoeira, a densly-forested area in the Amazon. "There, our electronic machines first leave Manaus by plane," said Pedro Batista, TSE Director for the Amazon. "It's loaded onto a helicopter, and then travels by boat before being carried on some one's back for a long walk to a remote village," he said. In Sao Paulo, Brazil's largest city, voters faced heavy rains and threats of flooding.
highlights: NEW: "My mission is to eradicate poverty," Rousseff says in victory speech . Dilma Rousseff wins against Jose Serra in a runoff . She's a a former left-wing guerrilla fighter turned chief of staff .
id: 71d7016b4ccc5d82f2934ae154c480f77336738f
chatgpt: In a historic victory, Dilma Rousseff has been elected as the President of Brazil, becoming the first woman to hold the highest office in the country. In her victory speech, she declared her mission to eradicate poverty - a statement that resonated with millions of Brazilians who have struggled to make ends meet in recent years. The election was closely contested, with Rousseff winning in a runoff against her opponent, Jose Serra. Her campaign focused on social issues, promising to create more jobs and expand government programs to help the poorest in society. Her message was well received by voters, who have been grappling with high unemployment rates and rising inequality. Rousseff's background is an interesting mix of politics and activism. She began her career as a left-wing guerrilla fighter in the 1960s, fighting against Brazil's military dictatorship. She was later arrested and imprisoned for nearly three years, during which she was subjected to torture and abuse. After her release, she joined the Workers' Party and rose through the ranks, eventually serving as Chief of Staff under former President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva. Rousseff's leadership during her time as Chief of Staff was characterized by her dedication to the poor, something she has pledged to continue as President. Her policies were centered around expanding access to education, healthcare, and affordable housing for all Brazilians. She also played a key role in the successful implementation of the government's income transfer program, Bolsa Família, which has lifted millions of people out of poverty. As President, Rousseff will face a number of challenges, including a slowdown in Brazil's economic growth and widespread corruption scandals. However, her election has been met with optimism and hope by many Brazilians, who believe that she is the right person to lead the country in tackling these issues. Rousseff's victory is also being celebrated by women around the world, who see her election as a major milestone in the fight for gender equality. It sends a powerful message that women can achieve anything they set their minds to, and that gender should not be a barrier to political leadership. In conclusion, Dilma Rousseff's election as Brazil's first female President is a significant moment in the country's history. Her dedication to eradicating poverty and improving the lives of the most vulnerable in society has struck a chord with millions of Brazilians. As she takes on the challenges of leading one of the largest economies in the world, her victory is a reminder that with determination and perseverance, anything is possible.