article: By . Frank Coletta for Daily Mail Australia . The Prime Minister says Australian extremists linked with terror organisations 'hate us' and will try to return 'accustomed to kill'. Tony Abbott has explained that, so far, no Australian troops have been committed to the crisis in northern Iraq but has not ruled out the possibility. 'Australia cannot leave the Iraqi people to face this horror, this pure evil, alone,' Mr Abbott said. Scroll down for video . The Prime Minister has not ruled out Australian ground forces being deployed in northern Iraq, suggesting if the call was made for military action by the US, that would be assessed against certain criteria . The US President Barack Obama has authorised air strikes against Islamist militants in Iraq,  if they are deemed necessary to stop the advance of extremists in northern Iraq . 'So far, Australian aircraft have participated in humanitarian air drops to people trapped on Mount Sinjar and just yesterday to the besieged inhabitants of the town of Amerli.' The next stage will include the air-lift of of supplies 'including military equipment' to the Kurdish military. 'This involvement has been at the request of the Obama administration,' Mr Abbott confirmed. 'So far we have met requests for humanitarian relief and for logistical support. 'There has been no request for military action itself. Should such a request come it would be considered against these criteria. 'Is there a clear and achievable overall objective? Is there a clear and proportionate role for Australian forces? Have all the risks been property assessed and is there an overall humanitarian objective in accordance with Australia's national interests?.' Mr Abbott went on to say that 'Australia has no intention to commit combat troops on the ground but we are not inclined to stand by in the face of preventable genocide either'. 'Australia is not a country that goes looking for trouble but Australia is prepared to do what we can in the wider world. This conflict is reaching out to us. 'At least 60 Australians are fighting with terrorist groups across Iraq and Syria. They are supported by about 100 more and we know, or should assume that many of them will seek to return to Australia . 'They will return accustomed to kill. 'The Australians and their supporters who have joined terrorist groups in the Middle East are a serious and growing threat to our security. 'They have come to hate us no less than they hate their victims in Iraq and Syria.'
highlights: There has been no call from the United States, as yet, for Australia to involve itself in military action in northern Iraq . If that request is made for ground forces, an assessment against a list of objectives and criteria would be made . Australian involvement has, so far, been limited to humanitarian air drops but will provide 'military equipment' in the next air-lift . He has called the extremist group Islamic State of Iraq and Levant (ISIL) 'a death cult' Australian extremists 'hate us' and will return 'accustomed to kill' PM says 60 Australians are fighting with terrorist groups and 'are supported by at least 100 more'
id: 3464b1bce81c961ba5e4713c7ad5bf82d87dfdfd
chatgpt: Australia has yet to receive a call from the United States to involve itself in military action in northern Iraq. Prime Minister Tony Abbott has stated that if a request for ground forces is made, an assessment against a list of objectives and criteria would be made before taking any action. At present, Australian involvement in the conflict has been limited to humanitarian air drops. However, the Prime Minister has announced that Australia will provide "military equipment" in the next air-lift. The equipment has not been specified, but it is understood to be a range of non-lethal support items. Despite the limited involvement of Australian forces so far, the Prime Minister has issued a stark warning about the threat posed by the extremist group Islamic State of Iraq and Levant (ISIL). Referring to the group as "a death cult", Mr. Abbott cautioned that Australian extremists who join forces with ISIL would "hate us" and develop the skills necessary to kill. The Prime Minister revealed that at least 60 Australians are currently fighting with terrorist groups abroad, and that they are supported by at least 100 more. He insisted that the government is taking action against those who are supporting terrorism and who pose a threat to national security. The announcement comes amid increasing concern about the risks posed by Australian citizens joining terrorist groups. In recent weeks, the government has implemented new measures aimed at preventing Australians from joining extremist groups and returning to the country with the skills and experience necessary to carry out attacks. The Prime Minister has also emphasized the importance of international cooperation in confronting the threat posed by extremist groups such as ISIL. He has called on other countries to join forces with Australia and the broader international community to tackle the problem. Despite the lack of a formal request for ground forces, the Prime Minister has made it clear that Australia will do whatever is necessary to protect its citizens and support its allies in the fight against terrorism. He has stressed the importance of staying vigilant and remaining prepared for any eventuality, as the situation in Iraq and Syria continues to evolve. In summary, while Australia has only been involved in limited humanitarian aid in the conflict against ISIL, the government remains prepared to take further action if necessary. With the threat of extremist groups growing, the Prime Minister has urged international cooperation against the phenomenon, while warning that Australians who join such groups pose a significant threat to national security.