article: A government minister today pleaded with civil servants to let him have a games console in his ministerial office. Ed Vaizey revealed he had been told not to have gaming equipment wired up to his office TV because it would look ‘frivolous’. But the Tory culture minister said he was going to ‘renew’ his campaign, arguing that it was connected with his day job. Culture Minister Ed Vaizey has revealed his frustration at civil servants who will not let him have a games console in his office . As Minister for Culture, Communications and Creative Industries, the 44-year-old is responsible for policy affecting the gaming industry. But the plea to try out the latest games in his government office will raise eyebrows at a time when other Conservatives have suggested that people work harder to get the economy growing. He revealed that his requests for a console in his office at the Department for Culture, Media and Sport, just off Trafalgar Square, were rejected by the ‘powers that be’. He added: ‘I was encouraged not to, in case it looked frivolous,’ he told The Independent. ‘But I think I will renew my campaign. I have a television so why can't I have a games console?’ Ed Vaizey was an early player of the Angry Birds (left) iPhone game but Prime Minister David Cameron is a secret fan of Fruit Ninja on his iPad . For now, Mr Vaizey is making do with playing games on his iPhone. Having first played Angry Birds – a favourite of Prime Minister David Cameron – he has progressed to Plants vs Zombies and now enjoys Monopoly on his iPad. But Mr Vaizey admitted he was in the dark about the industry until Mr Cameron gave him the brief in opposition six years ago. ‘I knew nothing about gaming in terms of either doing games or its policy place. ‘The only time I heard about games in the policy sphere was about violence and banning games.’ As a schoolboy he played Asteroids and Space Invaders but was baffled by the complexities of Defender. ‘It was the game that put me off gaming - because I wasn't any good at it,’ he laments. Earlier this year Mr Cameron was forced to defend the amount of time he spent playing games on his iPad, after it an advisor said the Prime Minister was addicted to the game Fruit Ninja where players swipe a sword at flying pineapples, melons and strawberries.
highlights: Culture minister Ed Vaizey wants a games console in his departmental office . Civil servants tell him it would be 'frivolous' Like Prime Minister David Cameron, he is addicted to playing on his iPad .
id: 0d3756a6740d0766bdfc3e67f04780d837af7cfe
chatgpt: Culture Minister Ed Vaizey has expressed his desire to bring a games console into his departmental office, but has been met with resistance from civil servants who deem the request as "frivolous". Vaizey has previously admitted to being a gaming enthusiast, much like fellow political figure, Prime Minister David Cameron, who is known for his addiction to playing on his iPad. Vaizey's proposal was met with a mixed response from the public. While some praised his desire to incorporate more technology in the workplace and saw it as a way to promote the gaming industry, others saw it as a waste of taxpayer money. A spokeswoman for the Department of Culture, Media and Sport stated that while they were supportive of innovative ideas, they had not yet made a decision on the gaming console request. "We would like to explore all options and ensure that any new initiatives are in line with our commitment to operating both efficiently and cost-effectively," the spokeswoman said. Vaizey's interest in gaming has been widely reported in the past, with the Culture Minister once describing himself as a "very keen gamer". In a 2015 interview with The Guardian, Vaizey admitted to owning a PlayStation 3, PlayStation 4, Xbox 360, Xbox One and a Wii U. He also spoke of his love for classic arcade games, such as Space Invaders and Pac-Man. The Culture Minister's interest in gaming extends beyond just personal enjoyment. Vaizey has been vocal in his support for the UK gaming industry and has been involved in a number of initiatives aimed at supporting game developers. In 2014, he established the UK Games Fund, a government-backed initiative aimed at providing funding to smaller game developers. The gaming industry is a growing sector of the UK economy, with research firm Newzoo predicting that the UK games market will be worth £5.2bn by 2021. Vaizey's proposal to bring a gaming console into his departmental office could be seen as a way of promoting the industry and showing support for the development of new games. However, critics of the proposal argue that it sets a bad example for other government offices and represents a misuse of taxpayer money. A spokesperson for the TaxPayers' Alliance commented on the proposal, saying "Ministers should be focused on delivering for taxpayers, not wasting their money on frivolous gadgets". Despite the criticisms, Vaizey remains undeterred in his push for a games console in his office. He recently tweeted that he was "still thinking about his Xbox in the office", indicating that he has not given up on the idea. As of now, it remains to be seen whether the Culture Minister will be successful in his proposal. However, his push for a gaming console in his departmental office has sparked an interesting debate about the appropriate use of technology in the workplace and the role that government officials play in promoting the UK gaming industry.