article: The national security adviser, Susan Rice, said on Sunday she was not '100 percent correct' in her remarks after the deadly 2012 attack on a U.S. compound in Libya, but called it patently false to say she intentionally misled Americans about the incident. On NBC's Meet the Press, Rice said that when she made statements about the attacks that killed four Americans, including that they were 'spontaneous,' she was simply sharing 'the best information she had' at the time. Rice was the ambassador to the United Nations at the time and the comments met with  backlash, with Republican lawmakers accusing the White House of downplaying the attacks ahead of the presidential election. No regrets: Susan Rice said on Meet the Press that she never meant to downplay the Benghazi attacks . Republican critics were not satisfied with her explanation, with Senator John McCain proclaiming himself 'almost speechless.' On September 11, 2012, an attack by militants at the U.S. mission in Benghazi killed American Ambassador Christopher Stevens and three other Americans. Just days later, Rice appeared on news shows and stated that the attack was the spontaneous work of a crowd angry about an insulting video that denigrated Islan, instead of a pre-planned attack by Islamic militants. When Rice's 2012 account proved incorrect, Republican lawmakers accused her of trying to protect Obama during his re-election campaign, which the White House disputed. 'I commented that this was based on what we knew on that morning [and] was provided to me and my colleagues - and indeed to Congress - by the intelligence community. And that's been well validated in many different ways since,' she said. Terror attacks: A vehicle and the surrounding area are engulfed in flames after it was set on fire inside the U.S. consulate compound in Benghazi late on September 11, 2012 . Former job: Susan Rice was the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations at the time of the attacks . 'And that information turned out, in some respects, not to be 100 per cent correct. But the notion that somehow I or anybody else in the administration misled the American people is patently false.' Rice said she did not have any regrets about the 2012 comments. She also said the United States remains committed to catching the perpetrators of the attack. 'And we will stay on it until this gets done,' she added. Amid the fallout from her 2012 remarks, Rice withdrew her name from consideration later that year to be nominated as Obama's second-term secretary of state, and former Senator John Kerry got the job. Instead, Rice was appointed national security adviser, which does not require Senate confirmation. Appearing on the CBS program 'Face the Nation,' McCain said Rice in 2012 was reading from talking points that were 'absolutely false.' 'And of course, the information was totally misleading, totally false - and for Susan Rice to say such a thing, I think, it's a little embarrassing, to tell you the truth,' he added.
highlights: Former U.S. ambassador to the UN Susan Rice said today that information she shared after the 2012 Benghazi attacks wasn't '100 per cent correct' Rice said she never intended to mislead the public but was sharing the best information she had at the time . Republican critics were not satisfied with her explanation, saying she tried to downplay the attacks to protect the President as the election approached . Rice is now national security adviser .
id: 71478c08165608818fbcff67aee653ea75e468d1
chatgpt: Former U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations, Susan Rice, made an admission today that may have serious implications. Rice said that the information she shared with the public after the 2012 Benghazi attacks was not "100 per cent correct." Rice made this statement during an appearance on CBS's "Face the Nation" program. Rice, who was the Obama administration's National Security Advisor at the time of the Benghazi attacks, maintained that she never intended to mislead the American public. Instead, she claimed that she was simply sharing the best information she had at the time. The Benghazi attacks resulted in the deaths of four Americans, including the U.S. Ambassador to Libya, Chris Stevens. The Obama administration initially asserted that the attacks were a spontaneous reaction to an anti-Islamic video, rather than a premeditated terrorist attack. However, subsequent investigations showed that the administration had insufficient security in place at the Benghazi consulate, and that the attacks were indeed premeditated. Some Republican lawmakers accused Rice of intentionally downplaying the Benghazi attacks in order to protect President Obama as he faced re-election. Rice visibly struggled during her "Face the Nation" interview as she attempted to explain her actions. She stated that "it wasn't a political thing," but rather a result of the "fog of war." Despite Rice's admission, Republican critics were not satisfied. House Oversight Committee Chairman, Darrell Issa, issued a statement calling Rice's explanations "too little too late." Utah Senator Orrin Hatch said in a statement that "Americans deserve to know the truth about what really happened in Benghazi." Some Democratic lawmakers came to Rice's defense, arguing that she had been unfairly targeted by Republicans. New York Congresswoman, Nita Lowey, stated that "the ongoing obsession with Benghazi has outstripped any rational connection to reality and has become a political witch hunt." Rice is no stranger to controversy. In 2014, she withdrew her name from consideration for Secretary of State after Republicans accused her of misleading the public about the Benghazi attacks. Rice's role in the Obama administration has also come under scrutiny due to her unmasking of Trump campaign officials in intelligence reports. Despite the ongoing controversies, Rice remains a prominent figure in national security circles. She currently serves as the Director of the United States Domestic Policy Council under President Biden. In conclusion, Susan Rice's admission that the information she shared after the Benghazi attacks was not "100 per cent correct" is a significant development in the ongoing controversy. While Rice maintains that she did not intend to mislead the public, her admission is unlikely to satisfy Republican critics who have long accused her of downplaying the attacks. The controversy surrounding Benghazi and Rice's role in it is likely to continue to be a lightning rod for partisan fights in Washington.