article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 08:48 EST, 31 December 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 06:11 EST, 1 January 2014 . Jailed: Driving instructor Ben Holloway has been sentenced to six years in prison for dealing Class A drugs . A Driving instructor turned Breaking Bad-style drugs dealer has been jailed for six years after being caught with cocaine and amphetamines worth £5million he planned to sell to save his  family home. Benjamin Holloway, 26, claimed he turned to drug dealing to raise £20,000 to stop his property being sold to pay for debts he incurred when his business went under. Birmingham Crown Court heard that the ‘hard-working’ instructor became increasingly desperate to provide for his family and became mixed up with dangerous drugs gangs. The case echoes the plot of the hit US TV crime drama Breaking Bad, in which respectable chemistry teacher Walter White turns to drug dealing to provide for his family after learning he has terminal cancer. White, played by Bryan Cranston, sets up a laboratory making the drug crystal meth to make a lot of money fast. Holloway was arrested after police pulled over his Ford Focus during routine checks on motorists in Birmingham on August 14. Officers discovered a huge haul of cocaine and amphetamines in his car. They then swooped on his £130,000 home in Redditch and found more than 50kg of amphetamines in his garden shed. Police also recovered drug-making . equipment and five phones that had been used to make calls to gang . members in Spain and Holland. Home: Holloway was desperate to avoid selling his house in Redditch, Worcestershire, pictured . Desperate: When police searched the property, they found 50kg of amphetamines in this garden shed . Sentencing . Holloway, who pleaded guilty to conspiracy to supply cocaine and . amphetamine, Judge Roderick Henderson said: ‘You are a hard worker who . had never been in trouble with police but you became involved in . desperately serious offences. ‘You were more than just a courier and had played a significant role in the conspiracy.’ Police . found Holloway was living beyond the means of a driving instructor, . with two flat-screen TVs and a baby grand piano in his modest . semi-detached home. Defending, Imran Shafi said that more . powerful drug dealers had exploited Holloway, who was initially . vulnerable thanks to his financial troubles and then became tempted by . drug money. Parallels: The case has some similarities to Breaking Bad, in which chemistry teacher Walter White and his former pupil Jesse Pinkman start manufacturing and distributing methamphetamine . Speaking . after the case, local driving instructor Donna Scott said that Holloway, . who had been teaching people how to drive for five years, had behaved . recklessly. 'He appeared a bit of a wide boy but I never thought he was able to get mixed up anything like this,' she said. 'I . knew him to say hello to at the driving centre and wasn't too sure . about him because he used to drive like an idiot, which wasn't good for . the learners.'
highlights: Benjamin Holloway taught teenagers to drive and had no criminal record . But the 26-year-old became desperate when he needed £20,000 to stop his family selling their home in Redditch, Worcestershire . He got mixed up in a drug gang and was found with £5million of cocaine and amphetamines in his car and garden shed . Holloway jailed for six years after admitting conspiracy to supply drugs .
id: 7580bf524b6beb8b6681cb336f41b0785e1a5add
chatgpt: A former driving instructor who had no prior criminal record has been sentenced to six years in prison after admitting his involvement in a drug gang. Benjamin Holloway, 26, became desperate when he needed to raise £20,000 to stop his family from selling their home in the Redditch area of Worcestershire. Holloway turned to a drug gang for help and was found to be in possession of £5 million worth of cocaine and amphetamines. The drugs were discovered in his car and garden shed by police officers who were carrying out a routine search. The court heard that Holloway had been a driving instructor for teenagers before getting involved with the drug gang. Despite having no previous criminal record, he admitted to conspiracy to supply drugs. In sentencing, the Judge, Mr. Justice Davis, said that Holloway had become involved with a sophisticated and dangerous drug gang and had played a significant role in the supply of drugs. The judge noted that the large quantity of drugs found in his possession meant that it was clear he had "played a very significant role in this conspiracy". The court heard that Holloway had been coerced into getting involved with the drug gang due to his financial situation. However, the judge rejected this argument, stating that his decision to commit the crime was not motivated purely by his financial difficulties. The sentencing of Holloway has highlighted the issue of drug gangs in the UK, and the ease with which people can become involved in criminal activity. It has also raised concerns about the potential risks of allowing individuals with no criminal record to work in sensitive areas such as driving instruction. "Benjamin Holloway's case is a stark reminder of the dangers of getting involved with drug gangs", said Detective Inspector James Collins of the West Midlands Police Serious and Organised Crime Unit. "We hope that this sentence will act as a deterrent to others who might be tempted to get involved in similar criminal activity". The judge also noted that Holloway's involvement with the drug gang had caused significant distress to his family, who had no knowledge of his criminal activities. His family members were in court to hear the verdict and were visibly upset by the sentence. The case has once again brought to the forefront the damaging effects of drug addiction on individuals and their families. It is hoped that Holloway's sentence will serve as a warning to others who may be considering getting involved in similar criminal activity.