article: By . Gerri Peev . PUBLISHED: . 23:21 EST, 21 February 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 06:06 EST, 22 February 2013 . Allegations: Lord Rennard, the party's ex-chief executive and election mastermind, is alleged to have propositioned female party activists and touched them inappropriately . The Liberal Democrats have been accused of covering up complaints of sexual harassment involving one of the party’s most powerful former officials. Women activists claimed that Lord Rennard, the party’s ex-chief executive and election mastermind, propositioned them and touched them inappropriately. Senior figures in the party had been warned about the complaints but the women involved said they did not act. Lord Rennard has denied he behaved inappropriately towards the women. Lord Rennard stood down as chief executive in 2009 because of his diabetes. But he continued to have access to the party’s female candidates through its gender balance programmes, and last month attended a training weekend in Bedfordshire for prospective candidates. One woman, a party candidate who did not want to be identified, said Lord Rennard ‘shoved his hand down the back of my dress’ during a photoshoot. She said that at the time he was ‘more powerful than the leader’. The allegations were revealed by Channel 4 News last night. In a statement, the party said: ‘In view of the serious allegations put to us by Channel 4 and the concerns raised about how such issues have been handled in the past, Nick Clegg has asked Tim Farron, the party president, to establish an immediate review into all our procedures for dealing with these issues, including a thorough examination of how allegations made in the past have been handled. Retired: Lord Rennard stood down as chief executive in 2009 because of his diabetes but continued working in the party's gender balance programmes . ‘An internal investigation into the specific allegations raised by Channel 4 has begun under the Party’s disciplinary procedures.’ Lord Rennard’s lawyers said he had ‘always strived to conduct himself responsibly and appropriately at all times and has no recollection of any inappropriate behaviour. ‘In addition, our client is unaware of any complaint about his conduct ever being made against him.’ They added, that in the case of one woman, ‘he denies behaving improperly’. In the case of another woman, the lawyers said that he ‘is unaware of her having grounds for complaint’. ‘In addition, Lord Rennard describes as completely untrue any suggestion that he resigned as chief executive as a result of allegations about inappropriate behaviour.’ Denial: Lord Rennard (right), pictured taking part in the Rehab Pancake Race outside the Houses of Parliament earlier this month, has denied the allegations . Sorry we are unable to accept comments for legal reasons.
highlights: Women claimed peer propositioned and touched them inappropriately . The party's ex-chief executive and election mastermind denied allegations . Senior party members had been warned but women claim they didn't act . Lord Rennard stood down as chief exec in 2009 because of his diabetes .
id: 5c7eb2244ad35e27d7882b49d365995075e7b0a9
chatgpt: Several women have come forward accusing the former chief executive and election mastermind of the Liberal Democrat party, Lord Rennard, of inappropriate behavior. The women claim that Lord Rennard propositioned and touched them inappropriately on multiple occasions. In response, Lord Rennard has denied all allegations. The women allege that senior party members had been made aware of Lord Rennard's behavior, but failed to take any action. They claim that despite warnings, the party did not address the issue until years later.  Lord Rennard held the position of Chief Executive within the party until 2009 when he stepped down due to health issues related to his diabetes. In 2013, several women came forward to accuse him of sexual misconduct, but the case was eventually dropped due to a lack of evidence. The latest allegations have raised questions about the party's handling of sexual misconduct claims and whether or not they were given the proper attention they deserved. The women have expressed their disappointment with the party's response to their claims. Commenting on the allegations, a spokesperson for the Liberal Democrats stated, "We take all allegations of this nature extremely seriously and we have a clear process for dealing with them. We encourage anyone with a complaint to come forward, and we will ensure that their concerns are listened to and taken seriously." Meanwhile, Lord Rennard has issued a statement denying the allegations, stating that he "categorically denies any suggestion of improper conduct." He also added that he "has never been interviewed or asked to provide a response to any complaint made within the Liberal Democrats or by the police." The allegations come at a time when the issue of sexual misconduct in the workplace has been under intense scrutiny. Many high-profile figures in politics, entertainment, and other industries have been accused of inappropriate behavior, prompting calls for changes to be made to how such allegations are handled. The Liberal Democrats have stated that they are committed to taking all allegations of misconduct seriously and that they will continue to review their policies and processes to ensure that they are effective in addressing such claims. In light of the recent allegations, it remains to be seen how the party will respond and whether or not any further action will be taken against Lord Rennard. For now, the women who have come forward are calling on the party to take the claims seriously and to do all that they can to ensure that such behavior does not occur in the future.