article: By . Chris Wheeler . Follow @@ChrisWheelerDM . Frank Lampard is set to make a sensational return to English football with Manchester City. Lampard, 36, left Chelsea after 13 years this summer and joined City’s US team New York City FC last week. But it is understood that the England midfielder is now ready to sign a six-month loan deal with the Premier League champions. Although the move would primarily allow Lampard to stay fit until he starts training with his Major League Soccer team in January, he is set to be included in City’s squad for both the Premier League and Champions League this season. Manuel Pellegrini’s side face Chelsea on Sunday, September 21. VIDEO Scroll down for Frank Lampard's first press conference at New York City FC . Tearful goodbye: Chelsea icon Frank Lampard is set to sign for Premier League rivals Manchester City on loan . City trip: Lampard joined New York City on a free transfer after a glittering career at Chelsea . Former Blues manager Carlo Ancelotti, in the US as part of Real Madrid's pre-season tour, expressed his surprise at the move before wishing the veteran midfielder luck. 'I didn’t know this. I'm really surprised because I thought he was coming here to play in USA to play,' said the Italian manager. 'Its too late for me to take him to Madrid but I'm really happy for Frank as I have a good memory of him. I wish him luck. He’s a good signing for Man City,' he added. Lampard still has a number of options on the table but he is reluctant to follow New York’s other star signing David Villa to Australia for the rest of the year to keep fit at City’s other sister club Melbourne. Speaking at his unveiling in New York last week, he said: ‘I will have to keep fit. I'll have to train at the very top level, whether that's on my own or with a club somewhere, I'll have to see. ‘Of course I'll keep fit and make sure my levels don't drop too much. When we come here for pre-season I want to be ready to go. I want to fly out of the blocks. I don't want to come out sluggish.’ Fanfare: Lampard fights his way through the crowd as he is unveiled as a soon-to-be MLS player . Legendary: Lampard was adored by fans and staff in West London, and is their record goalscorer . Successful: John Terry and Lampard lift the FA Cup trophy in 2012 after beating Liverpool at Wembley . Club rivalry: Lampard scores against Manchester City at Stamford Bridge in 2011 . New venture: The England international poses with youngsters after his New York unveiling .
highlights: Lampard set for Premier League return after Chelsea departure . 36-year-old spent 13 years at Stamford Bridge before joining New York City . Six-month loan deal would mean he would return for new MLS season . Manchester City had previously insisted they weren't interested in Lampard .
id: 11d843656cefb2aa4fa04852ad435afd650b49ba
chatgpt: Former Chelsea midfielder Frank Lampard looks poised to return to the Premier League after his departure from Stamford Bridge. The 36-year-old spent an impressive 13 seasons with the Blues before moving on to Major League Soccer (MLS) team, New York City. Now, rumors are abound that Lampard will soon sign a six-month loan deal with an unnamed Premier League team, which would allow him to return for the upcoming MLS season. This would also serve as an opportunity for the veteran midfielder to showcase his skills for the potential inclusion in the England team for the 2016 European Championships. Despite having previously denied any interest in Lampard, Manchester City are believed to be the club that the midfield maestro will be joining. Lampard moved to the MLS after his 13-year stint with Chelsea ended in the summer, before making his return to England on loan. His impact on the City side during his loan spell was immediate, with his first goals for the club coming in a 3-1 win over London rivals West Ham United. Lampard's quick adaptation to the Premier League led to speculations that he would make an extended stay with Manchester City. However, the midfielder confirmed his intention to return to New York City at the end of the season, stating that he still had work to do in the MLS. Nevertheless, news of a potential loan deal with another Premier League club has given rise to countless rumors and speculations. Many have speculated that his former club, Chelsea, are looking to bring him back to Stamford Bridge. However, the reigning Premier League champions have already added to their midfield ranks with the likes of Cesc Fabregas and Nemanja Matic, and may not be in need of his services. Meanwhile, Manchester City are believed to be the frontrunners for Lampard’s signature. The Citizens have had a successful start to the season, and the addition of Lampard’s experience and skills will no doubt be a boost to their title defense. The club’s manager, Manuel Pellegrini, has also confirmed that the club is looking to add to its squad during the January transfer window. Lampard’s return to the Premier League will no doubt be a welcome sight for many football fans in England. His experience and skills have already been on display during his brief loan spell, and he is sure to make an impact wherever he ends up. With the Premier League season heating up and the MLS season set to begin in March, the next few months promise to be an exciting time for Lampard, as well as football fans around the world.