article: A British man wanted by police for a string of paedophile offences laughed as he was arrested at a school in north-east Thailand where he worked as a teacher. Robert David Hastings, 61, is wanted for 12 accounts of sexual violation and molesting girls under 14 in Britain. He was arrested on Tuesday at the school in the Udon Thani province when he worked as an English teacher. Scroll down for video . Robert Hastings, 61, shares a laugh with Thai immigration police after he was arrested on Tuesday . 61-year-old Hastings has been charged by British police authorities on 12 counts of sexual violation . He was arrested  at the school where he worked in the Kumphawapi district in Udon Thani, in Thailand . Pariwat Satchaphan, an immigration inspector in Nongkhai province, said: 'He has been charged by British police authorities for indecent actions - 12 accounts - to children under 14 years old.' The Briton was sent to Bangkok where a court will decide whether or not to extradite him. Hastings denied the accusations against him at a news conference at the Immigration Detention Centre in Bangkok. 'Why am I being arrested in England? And I'm happy to go back and find out. I know I have done nothing wrong,' he said. The 61-year-old told police that he had arrived in Thailand in 2005 and has a Thai wife, the Bangkok Post reported. He was employed by the school until at least next March, the newspaper added. A spokesman for the British embassy in Bangkok confirmed the arrest and said consular officials were providing assistance. Hastings, who was born in Weston-Super-Mare, told police he had been in Thailand since 2005 and had a wife . The Briton was sent to Bangkok where a court will decide whether or not to extradite him . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
highlights: Robert Hastings, 61, is wanted for 12 counts of sexual violation in Britain . He shared a joke with Thai police officers following his arrest on Tuesday . He was arrested at a school in north-east Thailand where he was a teacher . Was sent to Bangkok where a court will decide to extradite him or not .
id: 3a74c055bcafabdc10f5bcc6462cb95f8e799681
chatgpt: British national Robert Hastings, 61, has been arrested in Thailand on 12 counts of sexual violation. The former teacher was taken into custody at a school in north-east Thailand, where he was employed, on Tuesday. The charges against him include two counts of rape and ten counts of sexual abuse of minors. Thai police have said that the crimes are alleged to have taken place in Britain. Following his arrest, Hastings reportedly shared a joke with police officers, which was not well received by the authorities. He was then taken to Bangkok, where he is currently being held in custody. A court will now decide whether to extradite him to Britain to face trial. Hastings has been living in Thailand for several years and working as a teacher at a local school. His arrest has shocked the local community, and many residents have expressed their concern over the welfare of children in the area. A spokesperson for the British Embassy in Bangkok said that they were aware of Hastings' arrest and were providing consular assistance. The case has once again highlighted the issue of child abuse in Thailand, where many foreigners come to work as teachers, volunteers or in the tourism industry. The Thai government has been taking steps to crack down on child abuse and exploitation, but the problem persists. According to the United Nations, Thailand is a source, destination and transit country for the trafficking of men, women and children for forced labour and sexual exploitation. The country has been blacklisted by the US State Department for failing to tackle human trafficking. It remains to be seen whether Robert Hastings will be extradited to Britain to face trial on the charges against him. However, his arrest has sent a strong message to other foreigners in Thailand that they will not be immune to prosecution for crimes committed against children. As the government continues to prioritise the issue of child protection, it is hoped that such incidents will become less frequent in the future.