article: (CNN) -- A woman in Montana is accused of pushing her husband off a cliff after an argument. The pair had been married for just more than a week. Jordan Linn Graham made an initial appearance in court Monday to face a charge of second-degree murder. If convicted, she faces life in prison. According to a criminal complaint, Graham recently told a friend she was having second thoughts about marrying Cody L. Johnson. CNN affiliate KECI reported the couple had been married for just more than a week. The complaint said the couple argued the night of July 7. Upset, they decided to go hiking in Glacier National Park in Flathead County, Montana, where they continued to fight. Graham told police that her husband grabbed her by the arm. She turned and removed it. "Graham stated she could have just walked away, but due to her anger, she pushed Johnson with both hands in the back and as a result, he fell face first off the cliff," the complaint read. His body was discovered several days later. Graham's attorney, Michael Donahoe, declined to comment on the case. According to the complaint, Graham reportedly told a friend she planned to talk with Johnson about her reservations on July 7. The same day, Graham sent the friend a text message saying, "Oh well, I'm about to talk to him." The friend responded, "I'll pray for you guys." Graham wrote back: "But dead serious if u don't hear from me at all again tonight, something happened."
highlights: Jordan Linn Graham made an initial appearance in court Monday . She faces up to life in prison if found guilty . Graham was reportedly having second thoughts about marrying her husband .
id: bab512c14b7ca157e42d7edccc941a4323023ec3
chatgpt: Jordan Linn Graham made a chilling appearance in court on Monday. The 22-year-old from Montana is charged with the first-degree murder of her newlywed husband, Cody Lee Johnson. Graham faces the possibility of life in prison if convicted. According to court documents, Graham had reportedly expressed doubts about the marriage to her friends prior to the honeymoon. But the situation came to a head on July 7, 2013, when she pushed her husband off a cliff in Glacier National Park. Johnson’s body was discovered four days later. During Monday’s hearing, Graham stood before U.S. Magistrate Judge Jeremiah Lynch in Missoula, Montana. Assistant U.S. Attorney Kris McLean argued that Graham had motive and opportunity to kill her husband. “[Graham] planned and carried out her husband’s murder,” said McLean. “She lied to friends, family members and law enforcement for eight days about what happened to Mr. Johnson.” Graham maintains that Johnson’s death was an accident resulting from a heated argument. Graham has pleaded not guilty to the murder charge, but Graham’s defense team has a tough challenge ahead.  This case has captured national attention due to its tragic nature and the defendant’s young age. Many in the community are still struggling to come to terms with the events that took place on that fateful day. The trial is set to take place in December.