article: France's focus has shifted and they are determined to return home from Brazil with the World Cup in their hands according to Bacary Sagna and Morgan Schneiderlin. Les Bleus travelled to South America unwilling to look further than progressing from the group stages but following their early success they have their sights set on World Cup glory. After failing to win a match during the disastrous 2010 World Cup campaign in South Africa and struggling during qualification for Brazil, the free-scoring French finally believe they have their confidence back. Sights: France's Bacary Sagna (left) and Morgan Schneiderlin (right) are targeting winning the World Cup . Change: Free-scoring France have altered their targets from group stage progression to World Cup glory . Sagna, who completed his free transfer to Manchester City from Arsenal earlier this month, said that France will look to progress 'step by step' in the tournament and that losing to Nigeria in the last 16 would be 'a failure'. The 31-year-old right back, quoted in L'Equipe, added: 'As players, we aspire to go as far as possible, to win the trophy. 'The World Cup will be successful only if we go to the end. 'If we do not do it then it would be a failure. 'The goal has been refined over time - it is four matches to the title and we want to do it.' France found goals easy to come by in their first two Group E matches, beating Honduras 3-0 and Switzerland 5-2, before confirming their place as groupwinners after a 0-0 draw with Ecuador. And Southampton midfielder Schneiderlin believes they need to keep playing in the same way to progress. He said: 'For us, the goal is to win the World Cup otherwise it is useless to participate - but without putting unnecessary pressure on ourselves. Target: Sagna (left) says the campaign will have been 'a failure' if they do not lift the trophy . Attack: Schneiderlin (right) says the squad must 'build on the exciting game' they used during the group . 'We will see upcoming deadlines, but the the players and staff, we say that there is something beautiful to do. 'We must build on the exciting game used during the group phases.' When reminded that he is likely to be a substitute for the match in Brasilia on Monday, Schneiderlin was quick to outline the importance of a squad in the World Cup. The 24-year-old said: 'I am one among the twenty-three. 'Of course I want to play, but I'm here to take the France team forward - whether I start or am on the bench. 'You cannot play twenty-three players.' Relaxed: Paul Pogba (left) and Sagna (right) enjoy a joke ahead of France's clash with Nigeria on Monday . Goals: Karim Benzema (centre) could be key if France are to win the World Cup in Brazil .
highlights: Les Bleus travelled to Brazil just hoping to get out of the group stages . But Sagna says the 'goal has been refined' and they now want to win it . Manchester City defender says it would be 'a failure' if they did not win . Schneiderlin says 'it would be useless to participate' otherwise . Southampton midfielder is happy to be a substitute as long as it helps side . France face Nigeria in the last 16 on Monday in Brasilia .
id: 5a14cab01f2cac85cc77baeeea9c86041f982081
chatgpt: Les Bleus of France have come a long way in the World Cup, from just hoping to get out of the group stages to now having their sights set on winning the tournament. Manchester City defender Bacary Sagna has stated that it would be a failure if they did not win, whilst Southampton midfielder Morgan Schneiderlin believes that it would be useless to participate otherwise. The French side put in a solid group stage performance, winning two games and drawing the other, to finish top of their group. The likes of Olivier Giroud, Karim Benzema and Antoine Griezmann have all made a significant impact and will be key for France if they are to progress deep into the tournament. Sagna, who has been a rock in the French defence, has stated that the team's goal has been refined and they are now aiming to take home the World Cup trophy. He sees the potential in the French side and is determined to push them towards success. "If we don't win it, then it will be a failure," Sagna said. Schneiderlin, who has been a substitute in all three group stage games, is happy to play any role that helps the team. He has recognized that the French squad is packed with talented players and he is simply looking to contribute in any way possible. "It would be useless to participate if we are not going to try and win it," he added. France now face Nigeria in the last 16 on Monday in Brasilia. The Super Eagles won one and lost two of their group stage games, but they will pose a tough challenge for the French side. A win for France would set up a quarter-final with either Germany or Algeria. Coach Didier Deschamps will be aware that his side will need to show their attacking prowess against Nigeria to progress. The French side has the talent to unlock any defence, but they will need to maintain their focus and discipline if they are to succeed. France has a rich history of World Cup success, having lifted the trophy at home in 1998 and reached the final in 2006, losing to Italy on penalties. The current squad has the quality to match those feats and they will be aiming to replicate their success from 16 years ago. In order to achieve this, they will need to maintain their strong form and keep their belief that they can go all the way. With the likes of Sagna, Schneiderlin, Giroud and Benzema all fully focused and determined to succeed, Les Bleus have the potential to become champions of the world once again.