article: Britain hit back last night after Argentina vowed to complain to the United Nations that the Falkland Islands were being ‘militarised’. Politicians and military veterans mocked President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner as ‘troubled’ after she accused the UK of ‘risking international security’ by deploying HMS Dauntless and Prince William to the South Atlantic. She pleaded with David Cameron to ‘give peace a chance’, adding: ‘We are not attracted to armed games, or wars.’ Ongoing dispute: President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner stands in front of a backdrop displaying the Falkland Islands painted in the colours of the Argentine national flag . Provocative: A banner that reads 'Brits get out of the Malvinas' hangs on a fence outside Government House in Buenos Aires . Tensions between Britain and . Argentina have simmered  recently prior to the 30th anniversary of the . start of the 1982 Falklands war. Both countries have accused the other . of ‘colonialism’ and Buenos Aires has led a ban on Falklands-flagged . ships from South American ports. The row deepened when the UK announced . it was sending the £1billion Type 45 destroyer HMS Dauntless to patrol . the waters. The Mail understands a ‘hunter-killer’ submarine will also . be sent. Argentina has also condemned the ‘provocative’ decision to send the Duke of Cambridge as an RAF search-and-rescue pilot. The Argentine president insisted the . UK was flexing its military muscles. ‘We cannot interpret in any other . the sending of an immense and modern destroyer accompanied by the Royal . heir,’ she said. Show of military strength? Prince William (right) began a six-week posting in the region last week in his role as an RAF search and rescue pilot . Disputed: Argentina calls the Falkland Islands (pictured) Las Malvinas and claims they were 'stolen' by Britain 180 years ago . Downing Street yesterday rejected the . president’s comments. ‘We are not militarising the South Atlantic. Our . defensive posture in the Falkland Islands remains unchanged,’ said a . spokesman for the Prime Minister. Dick Sawle of the Falklands’ legislative assembly said: ‘This is nonsense. The UN has given us the . right to self-determination and there has been no increase in military . presence.’ Falklands veteran Simon Weston, who . was badly injured in the conflict, which cost 255 British and 649 . Argentine lives, called the Argentine president ‘troubled’.
highlights: President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner . said UK sending modern warship and Prince William to the South Atlantic poses risk to 'international . security'
id: fc63f083ae1f7a8b5c72df311bbd8c50db5f1fe1
chatgpt: President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner has expressed her concern over the United Kingdom's decision to send a modern warship, HMS Dauntless, and Prince William to the South Atlantic amid escalating tensions over the Falkland Islands. In a statement released over the weekend, President Kirchner said that the UK's actions pose a risk to "international security." "I want to express my concern over the decision of the United Kingdom to send a modern warship and Prince William, the second in line for the British throne, to the South Atlantic," President Kirchner said in the statement. "This decision represents a clear and present danger to international security, and is a provocation against Argentina and the whole of Latin America." The UK's decision to send HMS Dauntless, its most advanced warship, to the Falklands has been seen as a message to Argentina. The ship will be patrolling the waters around the Falklands for several months, as part of the UK's ongoing commitment to the defense of the islands. But President Kirchner is not the only one concerned about the UK's actions. The move has also been criticized by other nations in the region, including Brazil and Chile, who have expressed their support for Argentina's claim to sovereignty over the Falklands. In her statement, President Kirchner called on the United Nations to intervene and help resolve the dispute. "We call on the United Nations to take a more active role in this conflict, and to help bring about a peaceful resolution to this long-running dispute. We cannot afford to let this situation escalate any further, and we must work together to find a solution that is acceptable to all parties." The Falklands, known as the Malvinas in Argentina, have been a source of tension between the UK and Argentina for decades. In 1982, Argentina invaded the Falklands, leading to a 10-week war that claimed the lives of 649 Argentine and 255 British soldiers. Despite diplomatic efforts to resolve the dispute, tensions between the two countries have risen in recent years. The UK's decision to send HMS Dauntless and Prince William to the South Atlantic is just the latest episode in a long-standing conflict that shows no signs of abating.