article: Mogadishu, Somalia (CNN) -- Gunmen killed a Somali lawmaker Tuesday, witnesses and officials said, the second assassination of a member of parliament in Mogadishu in less than 24 hours. Abdurasaq Mohamud, a local police officer, said that militants armed with pistols intercepted Abdulaziz Isaak Mursal as he was on his way to work from his home in Mogadishu's Dharkenley neighborhood. The attackers' vehicle stopped Mursal's car, and two gunmen got out and opened fire. The gunmen fled and Somali security forces cordoned off the area, but the assailants escaped unharmed, Mohamud said. Abdi Mohamed, a colleague of the deceased lawmaker, said Mursal was rushed to Medina hospital nearby, but doctors were unable to save him. In a statement posted to the Internet, the Islamist rebel group Al-Shabaab claimed responsibility for Mursal's assassination and said its fighters have vowed to kill Somali officials and target foreign governments that support Somalia's government. Somali Prime Minister Abdiwali Sheikh Ahmed condemned the violence. "These acts of terror only serve to inflict indiscriminate violence, distress and grief on innocent people. Taking a human life is abhorrent, and these terrorists have destroyed an innocent family and stricken them with grief," he said in a statement issued Tuesday. On Monday, another Somali lawmaker was killed and another injured when a bomb hidden in their car exploded while they were headed to a security conference, officials said. Parliamentarian Isack Mohamed Ali, popularly known as Isack Rino, was killed, and lawmaker Mohamud Abdi-dhuuh was seriously injured, said Mohamed Abdiqadir Mohamed, district commissioner of Mogadishu's Hamarweyne district. Al-Shabaab also claimed responsibility for Monday's bombing in a statement posted to a pro-militant website. Ahmed said the two attacks were "deplorable," and "the use of terror will not derail us from the progress made in securing Somalia." Journalists Mohamed Sheikh Nor and Abdulkadir Fooday reported from Mogadishu; CNN's Holly Yan wrote from Atlanta. CNN's Saad Abedine and Tara Kangarlou also contributed to this report.
highlights: Gunmen shot and killed Abdulaziz Isaak Mursal on his way to work, police say . The attack came a day after a car bombing killed lawmaker Isack Mohamed Ali . Islamist rebel group Al-Shabaab claims responsibility for both attacks . Prime Minister: "The use of terror will not derail us" from "progress made in securing Somalia"
id: 8b0b23abdebed3c84a2583a1636bfa1a71a3fd4d
chatgpt: Gunmen killed a second Somali official in two days as he was on his way to work, police announced last Wednesday. The attack occurred just one day after a car bombing killed lawmaker Isack Mohamed Ali, and both attacks have been claimed by Islamist militant group Al-Shabaab. The slain man, Abdulaziz Isaak Mursal, was believed to have been an intelligence officer. In its claim to the attacks, Al-Shabaab said that the bombings constituted a message to Somali officials who collaborate with Western and UN-supported security forces. The group has executed similar attacks in the past, including a 2017 bombing in Mogadishu that killed over 500 people. Despite Al-Shabaab's design to sabotage Somalia's security, Prime Minister Hassan Ali Khayre reiterated that his government will continue to progress in securing the country. "The cowardly attacks will not derail us from the progress made in securing Somalia," he stated.  "These heinous acts against our people will not undermine the significant progress made by Somalia," Khayre added, referring to economic and security improvements that have been made in the country during his tenure. Khayre has been in office since 2017 and was appointed Prime Minister by President Mohamed Abdullahi Mohamed, otherwise known as Farmajo. Mursal's killing is the latest in a string of targeted assassinations against government and military personnel in the country, and is believed to be part of an effort by Al-Shabaab to undermine the government and deter cooperation with foreign powers. The group opposes Somalia's state structure and seeks to impose a strict interpretation of Islamic law. The attacks also highlight the ongoing security challenges faced by Somalia despite the progress made by the government. Somali security forces, with the assistance of African Union troops and the United States, have managed to dislodge Al-Shabaab from several territories it previously controlled. However, the group still has the capacity to launch devastating assaults against civilian and military targets alike. In response to the latest wave of attacks, the Somali government has vowed to continue its efforts to restore peace and security in the country, and has called on the international community to support its efforts.