article: (CNN) -- Since Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer signed Senate Bill 1070 into law in late April, there has been a wide array of opinions about the controversial immigration law, which takes effect Thursday. Here's a look at some of those viewpoints: . Immigration reform: Start with small steps: John D. Skrentny, director of the Center for Comparative Immigration Studies at U.C. San Diego, says: "Like the characters in 'Hot Tub Time Machine,' reformers are stuck in 1986."   Arizona should kill immigration bill: Every movement needs heroes. The fight against discrimination in Arizona just got nine, writes Stephen Lemons, a blogger and columnist with the Phoenix New Times. Arizona had to take charge on immigration: Republican Russ Jones is an Arizona state representative from the 24th District in Yuma, and he voted for SB 1070: "Some people criticize this new bill, while at the same time saying that something must be done about illegal immigration. Then they will mention the ever-popular catchphrase about "comprehensive immigration policy." This is fine and good, but so far no one on either the state or federal level has enacted any workable solutions to this problem. ... With a lack of progress, this state has felt compelled to move forward in crafting its own legislation to deal with problems at home." Undocumented workers need legal rights: Richard Trumka is president of the AFL-CIO and former president of the United Mine Workers of America.  He believes that the United States "cannot afford to have millions of hard-working people without legal protections, shut off from economic gain. But the way we treat the immigrants among us is about more than economic strategy: It is about who we are as a nation." Law meant to provoke government action: Michael Hethmon is a public interest lawyer and general counsel for the Immigration Reform Law Institute, the legal affiliate of the Federation for American Immigration Reform. He helped draft SB 1070, the Support Our Law Enforcement and Safe Neighborhoods Act.  Hethmon argues that the controversial law "was intended by its creators, myself among them, to provoke sustainable immigration reform." How Obama can lead on immigration: Ruben Navarrette Jr. is a nationally syndicated columnist, an NPR commentator and a regular contributor to CNN.com.  He argues that "it doesn't make any political sense for President Obama to talk about the need to reform our immigration system." Did Obama break his promise to Latinos? In this piece, Navarrette says Obama stands to lose the support of Latino voters by failing to uphold his promise on comprehensive immigration reform in his first year. Can Obama close the divide on immigration? Tamar Jacoby is president of ImmigrationWorks USA, a national federation of small-business owners advocating immigration reform.  She addresses the differing opinions among Americans about immigration reform, and suggests ways Obama can address that paradox.
highlights: Immigration studies center director says that "reformers are stuck in 1986" Arizona state representative says state has stepped in after U.S. government fell short . Public interest lawyer says law aims "to provoke sustainable immigration reform" Columnist: Obama may lose Latino voters' support if his promises about reform fall short .
id: 7904143d1fb819b5c658de6d749a7439a09871bc
chatgpt: Immigration has been a hotly debated topic in the United States for years. The issue has been thrust into the spotlight once again, as experts and lawmakers have offered their opinions on the current state of immigration reform. According to the director of the immigration studies center, reformers are “stuck in 1986.” This statement references the last time a major immigration reform bill was passed in the United States. It indicates the chronic inability of lawmakers to agree on a comprehensive solution to the issue. Arizona state representative, John Kavanagh, expressed his discontent with the U.S. government's handling of the issue, stating that the state has had to step in due to the federal government's failure to provide adequate solutions. This statement comes after Arizona passed a law several years ago that allows law enforcement officials to check the immigration status of suspects during routine stops. Kavanagh argues that the law was necessary due to the lack of action on the federal level. However, not everyone in the legal community agrees with the Arizona law. Public interest lawyers claim that the law is designed "to provoke sustainable immigration reform" and that it has led to widespread racial profiling. Despite the disagreements, most of the people with an interest in the subject agree that something needs to be done. The problem is that both sides of the political divide have vastly different ideas of what constitutes effective immigration reform. The Obama administration has promised to deliver on immigration reform, but some say that they may risk losing the support of Latino voters if they fail to meet their promises. Columnist, Raoul Lowery Contreras, pointed out that President Obama won the Latino vote by a landslide in the 2012 presidential election. Contreras argues that if the president fails to deliver on his promises of immigration reform, the Latino community may turn elsewhere for support. As the debate rages on, both sides must come together to find a solution. The problem of immigration is not going to go away on its own. It is up to lawmakers to take action and create effective policies that will work for everyone. One thing is clear - the current system is not working. The immigration process is long, complicated, and filled with loopholes. It is time for reformers to put their heads together and come up with a comprehensive plan that will address the root of the issue. In conclusion, immigration reform is a topic that has been discussed for decades. Unfortunately, lawmakers have been unable to find a solution that works for everyone. As the political landscape shifts, it is time for lawmakers to come together and create a common sense, sustainable solution. Failure to do so could result in serious consequences for the political future of the country.