article: By . Jill Reilly . PUBLISHED: . 06:19 EST, 10 December 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 07:38 EST, 10 December 2012 . High street banks gave their customers a helpline number that went through to a card insurance firm which has been fined for £10.5m for mis-selling card protection, according to a Dispatches investigation. As a consequence millions of customers were duped into buying worthless insurance meant to protect against fraudulent transactions on their credit or debit cards. In the Dispatches investigation, which is to be aired tonight, the programme claims that in 2006  banks such as Barclays and Natwest made lucrative commercial arrangements with a card insurance firm called CPP. Claims: In the Dispatches investigation, which is to be aired tonight, the programme claims that in 2006 big high street banks made lucrative commercial arrangements with card insurance firm called CPP . The Channel 4 programme alleges that a number of banks introduced customers to CPP via a sticker on new credit or debit cards, prompting them to call the company’s number to activate them or confirm receipt of them. But instead of going through to a helpline operated by the banks, the phone numbers were actually for a call centre run by CPP, reports The Telegraph. Duped: Instead of going through to a line operated by the banks, the phone numbers were actually for a call centre run by card insurance firm called CPP . The salesman at the end of the line would then try to foist the insurance policies on callers - they were sold 'unnecessary' card protection insurance, which cost around £35 a year, or identity protection insurance, which cost around £84 a year. The banks pocketed commission payments every time CPP sold or renewed a policy to one of their customers. A former CPP manager told Dispatches that the banks even signed off the scripts used by CPP call operatives. For every policy they sold they made £5. In November, CPP,  was fined a record £10.5million by the Financial Services Authority, the City watchdog. It faces a total bill of £33.4million, including estimated compensation of £14.5million and costs associated with the investigation, for tactics first revealed by the Mail in February 2011. A total of 4.4million policies were sold between January 2005 and March 2011, and 18.7million were renewed over this period. CPP will not contact affected customers until an agreement has been reached with the FSA about how banks will pay for their part in the scandal. MPs described it as another ‘shocker’ for the financial industry in the wake of the Payment Protection Insurance scandal. The watchdog said both policies were often worthless as banks are already obliged to refund fraudulent transactions in the vast majority of cases. It said pushy CPP salesmen also ‘overstated’ the risks of criminals stealing personal details and making fraudulent transactions.
highlights: Claims made in a Dispatches programme due to be aired tonight . The programme alleges that in 2006 big high . street banks made lucrative commercial arrangements with the card . company CPP . Whistleblower: Banks even signed off the scripts used by CPP call operatives, who were paid £5 for every policy they sold .
id: b28a9817bfb6b9c71af6d7524fa5aed45b394093
chatgpt: A Dispatches programme set to air tonight is set to reveal some damning allegations against big high street banks. The programme alleges that in 2006, these banks made lucrative commercial arrangements with the now-defunct card company CPP. According to the whistleblower featured on the programme, the banks even signed off on the scripts used by CPP call operatives, who were paid £5 for every policy they sold. This allowed the banks to profit from the sale of so-called "card protection insurance," often without customers being aware that they had been sold the policy. Many of these policies were ultimately deemed unnecessary, as customers were already protected by their banks against fraudulent transactions. Despite this, in the years leading up to the financial crisis, millions of these policies were sold, generating huge profits for the banks and for companies like CPP. This is not the first time that questions have been raised about the sale of add-on insurance policies by banks. In 2012, the Financial Services Authority (now the Financial Conduct Authority) ordered several banks to compensate customers who had been sold insurance for credit cards or other products which they did not need, including policies which were effectively useless. The Dispatches programme alleges that the banks went further than simply selling these policies, however. By signing off on the scripts used by CPP call operatives and providing extra training to staff, they actively encouraged the sale of add-on insurance policies which were of questionable value to customers. The banks named in the programme have declined to comment ahead of its airing. However, the allegations are likely to spark fresh concern about the practices of the UK's financial sector, and could lead to calls for further regulation of the industry. Consumer groups have already expressed their dismay at the revelations, with many pointing out that the financial crisis was caused in part by a lack of accountability and oversight in the banking industry. If the allegations made by Dispatches are proven to be true, it is likely that the banks involved will face public scrutiny and possible legal action. The programme is set to air tonight on Channel 4, and is sure to generate discussion and debate about the future of the UK's financial services sector.