article: Neil Warnock made an unexpected return to Crystal Palace on Wednesday - and wants to bring Wilfried Zaha with him. The 65-year-old has been confirmed as Tony Pulis' successor on a two-year deal, pipping Steve Clarke to the post. And Warnock will launch an immediate swoop to bring Manchester United misfit Zaha back to Selhurst Park on season-long loan. VIDEO Scroll down to watch West Ham manager Sam Allardyce discuss Crystal Palace crisis . City slicker: Neil Warnock spotted in London on Wednesday after agreeing to be Crystal Palace boss . Boss: Warnock is the new manager of Crystal Palace, beating Steve Clarke to the job . Warnock, who managed Palace for three years from 2007, has just four days to strengthen his squad ahead of the transfer deadline. However, Palace have been left sweating on their move for Southampton midfielder Jack Cork. The former Chelsea man has been a long-term target for Palace and the club were close to completing his capture ahead of Warnock's appointment. But the 25-year-old is set to make a decision on his future over the next 48 hours. Choices: Co-chairman Steve Parish has been looking for a new manager since Tony Pulis left earlier this month . Manager: Neil Warnock previously managed Crystal Palace between 2007-10, but left to join QPR . Palace were down to a shortlist of two, the other contender ex-West Brom boss Clarke. And following early morning talks, chairman Steve Parish and his fellow co-owners opted for Warnock. Sportsmail understands Palace are also keen on drafting Notts County manager Shaun Derry into their new-look coaching set-up. Palace believe Derry, who played for the club, has the traits of a future manager and would benefit from working alongside Warnock. Jobless: Former Chelsea coach Steve Clarke has been out of work since he left West Brom last season . Warnock's appointment ends Palace's 13 day search for a new boss. Malky Mackay was within hours of being handed the reins but Sportsmail's extraordinary revelations regarding his controversial texts saw the move collapse. Tim Sherwood, the other leading contender, then pulled out of the running leaving Warnock and Clarke as the front runners. Parish has twice toyed with the idea of bringing Warnock back to south London in recent years. Palace considered handing him the manager's job during their successful promotion winning campaign in 2013 after Ian Holloway side's worrying loss of form towards the end of the season. He was also a leading contender to replace Holloway after he was sacked last season. It’s not too late to play MailOnline Fantasy Football… There’s £1,000 to be won EVERY WEEK by the highest scoring manager . VIDEO Tough week for our players - Millen .
highlights: Crystal Palace choose Neil Warnock as new manager . Steve Parish said it had been difficult replacing Tony Pulis . Steve Clarke was also in the running but Warnock was chosen instead . Warnock previously managed the Eagles for three years, but left for QPR . Keith Millen has been caretaker manager since Pulis left .
id: e6f125be4d6469d56eb900305fc48a016f878b99
chatgpt: Crystal Palace Football Club has announced the appointment of Neil Warnock as their new manager. Warnock, who previously managed the Eagles for three years, has been chosen to replace Tony Pulis, who left the club earlier in the summer. The announcement was made by Palace chairman Steve Parish, who acknowledged that the decision had not been an easy one. "We had a number of excellent candidates to choose from, and it was a difficult decision," he said. "But ultimately we felt that Neil's experience and record made him the right man for the job." Warnock, who has managed a number of clubs throughout his career, including Leeds United and Queens Park Rangers, was pleased to be returning to Palace. "It's an honour to be asked to manage this great club again," he said. "I had some fantastic times here before, and I'm looking forward to working with the players and the fans once more." Warnock was not the only candidate in the running for the Palace job, however. Former West Brom manager Steve Clarke was also heavily linked with the position, and had been seen as the frontrunner for the role. However, Palace ultimately decided to go with Warnock, who has a proven track record in the Championship and Premier League. Keith Millen has been serving as caretaker manager since Pulis' departure, and will now return to his previous role as assistant manager. Millen did an admirable job in difficult circumstances, and was praised by Parish for his hard work and dedication during his time in charge. Warnock faces a tough challenge at Palace, with the team currently struggling in the Premier League table. The Eagles have yet to record a win this season, and sit in the relegation zone with just two points from their opening five games. However, Warnock is no stranger to tough challenges, and has a reputation as a manager who can turn around struggling teams. Palace fans will be hoping that he can work his magic once again, and lead the club to safety in the top flight. The appointment of Warnock will also be a relief for Palace fans, who have been through a turbulent summer following the departure of Pulis. The Welshman had led the Eagles to safety last season, but left the club due to a reported disagreement over transfer policy. With Warnock now in place, Palace will be hoping for some much-needed stability and direction as they look to maintain their Premier League status for another season. The 65-year-old has a wealth of experience and a proven track record, and will be looking to use that to his advantage in his second spell at the club.