article: A passer-by saved the life of a three-month-old baby on Monday when he crawled into a car that was upside-down in water, used a knife to cut the straps off the car seat and pulled her out. The accident happened on Monday when Stephen McGouldrick, 55, lost control of his SUV on an icy road and skidded down an embankment into almost three feet of water. Police said passer-by Leo Moody, of Kingman, crawled into the SUV and freed the baby girl in Kossouth Township, Maine. The SUV was submerged in three feet of water after the driver slid off the road in Kossouth Township, Maine. A baby in a carseat was pulled free by a Good Samaritan . The infant was submerged for a short time and was not breathing and unresponsive when pulled free. Another passer-by, Wade Shorey, a married father who had recently learned CPR on a course, resuscitated the child. She was taken to Eastern Maine Medical Center for observation. State Police Trooper Chad Lindsey told Bangor Daily News that the vehicle went off an embankment airborne and landed on its roof in a stream. Mr McGouldrick and two other passengers, Brenda Haney, 53, of Calais, and the child's mother, Beverly Metcalf, 34, of Talmadge, suffered minor injuries and were treated and released from hospital. Mr McGouldrick's sister commented on social media: 'so glad my brother Stevie and everyone else is ok...someone was deff watching over them....' Mr Shorey later commented on his heroic actions on social media. He said: 'A special thanks to all the other [sic] that helped in any fashion, especially John for being a brave man to be in ice cold water pulling the baby out and Marie for a warm truck.' Stephen McGouldrick, 55,  (pictured left) lost control of his SUV on Monday in Maine. Passers-by rushed to help including Wade Shorey (right) who performed CPR on the child .
highlights: Driver Stephen McGouldrick lost control of his SUV on icy road in Kossouth Township, Maine on Monday . The three-month-old girl was submerged for a short time and was not breathing  when pulled free by Leo Moody of Kingman . Another passer-by, married father Wade Shorey, performed CPR . The baby was taken to Eastern Maine Medical Center for observation .
id: 9060b7e8ba0f5d1428dac3554c795528e62568d8
chatgpt: A three-month-old baby is thankfully alive after a terrifying accident in rural Kossouth Township, Maine. On Monday afternoon, driver Stephen McGouldrick lost control of his SUV on an icy road. Traveling with him was a young baby girl who was thrown from the vehicle. She was submerged in cold water for a short time and was not breathing when two passers-by arrived at the scene. Leo Moody of Kingman was the first on the scene and immediately leapt into action. He pulled the baby from the water and fearfully began to try and revive her. Luckily, another passer-by, Wade Shorey, was passing by and was able to help. The young father of two jumped from his car and began performing CPR on the baby. Thanks to the quick thinking and fast action of the two men, the baby was revived and rushed to Eastern Maine Medical Center for observation. Thankfully, she is expected to make a full recovery. McGouldrick, the driver of the SUV, was also taken to the hospital with non-life threatening injuries. The incident highlights the dangers of driving in winter conditions, with black ice often hard to spot until it's too late. Even the most experienced drivers can be caught out by the unpredictable nature of icy roads, which is why it's so important to take extra care during the winter months. Community members are hailing Moody and Shorey as heroes, with many taking to social media to express their gratitude. However, both men have played down any suggestion of heroism, saying they were simply in the right place at the right time. For now, the family of the baby girl are simply relieved that their little one is alive and breathing thanks to the quick actions of two kind-hearted strangers. Their hearts are filled with gratitude towards Moody and Shorey, whose actions on Monday afternoon saved a life.