article: (CNN) -- Apple says a new software update provides tools to get rid of the so-called "Flashback" virus that has infected hundreds of thousands of Mac computers. In a post on its support forums, Apple said the update to the Java software platform "removes the most common variants" of the Flashback malware. Last week, a Russian security company reported that as many as 600,000 Macs, most of them in the United States and Canada, had been infected by Flashback, a Trojan horse virus that infiltrates computers, secretly giving someone else remote access to them. Flashback was first discovered in September, disguising itself as an Adobe Flash Player installer. Apple recommended the new update to all Mac users who have Java installed. Throughout their history, Macs have been relatively free from most of the viruses and other malware that have targeted PCs, with cybercriminals preferring to go after the larger number of computer users on that system. But the rise of Macs has also seen an uptick in the number of Mac users targeted. "Malware authors have targeted the Mac OS for quite some time; however, the recent OSX.Flashback.K infections indicate a very significant shift to the current threat landscape, which is dominated by malware on the Windows operating system," Web security firm Symantec posted on its blog. Symantec estimates that the number of computers still infected is down to about 270,000, slightly less than half of the number that was reported a week ago. Apple, which prides itself on keeping a safe environment for users, was criticized in some quarters for the amount of time it took to respond to Flashback. "Better late than never?" wrote Tony Bradley of PCWorld on Friday. Bradley was more complimentary of the fix itself. While previous updates have closed the loophole that allowed the malware, the latest fixes the damage and is designed to protect Macs from similar attacks in the future. "Kudos to Apple," he wrote. "It may be late to the game when it comes to helping users remove the Flashback malware from Mac OS X, but it has raised the bar for proactively protecting systems at the same time."
highlights: Apple releases update to fix damage from the "Flashback" malware . Security firm estimates up to 600,000 Macs were infected by the Trojan horse . Some complained Apple took too long to address the problem . Flashback was discovered in September, disguised as a Flash installer .
id: 9ba8703b353747bd59d35a6fce3a7499f53eac3f
chatgpt: Apple has released an update that fixes the damage caused by the "Flashback" malware. According to a security firm, up to 600,000 Mac computers were infected by the Trojan horse, which disguised itself as a Flash installer. The malware was discovered in September, and it affected users by stealing personal information like passwords and credit card numbers. The update was released after some complaints that Apple took too long to address the issue. Users expressed frustration that it took the company several weeks to provide a solution to the security flaw. However, Apple has now provided a solution that should alleviate the concerns of those affected. The malware was able to infiltrate Mac computers because of a vulnerability in the Java software. The update provided by Apple essentially closes that loophole and prevents any further damage from the malware. This update is available for all Mac users and can be easily downloaded and installed. The Flashback malware was a particularly dangerous threat, as it was able to remain on a computer without users even realizing it. Many users had no idea their computers were infected until it was too late. The Trojan horse was able to steal personal information surreptitiously, without the knowledge of the user. The incident has highlighted the importance of computer security and the need for constant vigilance. Experts caution Mac users to be wary of any software updates that do not originate from official sources. Additionally, users should be mindful of the type of websites they visit and the links they click on. These small precautions could mean the difference between a secure and compromised computer. Apple has promised to continue to provide updates to Mac users to ensure the security of their devices. The company has also encouraged users to keep their software up to date and to remain vigilant against any potential threats. With this latest update, many Mac users can breathe a sigh of relief and know that their personal information is once again secure.