article: Andy Murray's success in China may be nudging him towards a place in the season-ending ATP World Tour Finals but he maintains securing a qualification place for the London showpiece could not be further from his mind. Murray begins his campaign in the Shanghai Masters against Georgia's Teymuraz Gabashvili on Tuesday having moved up to ninth place in the race to reach the Finals, after following up his tournament win in Shenzhen with a semi-final loss to Novak Djokovic in Beijing last week. Only the top eight in the standings at the end of the regular season are guaranteed a place at the O2 Arena next month, with Murray currently trailing eighth-placed Milos Raonic by 175 points. Djokovic, Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal have already qualified. Andy Murray shows his disappointment as he loses to Novak Djokovic in the semi-finals of the China Open . Murray (left) congratulates world No 1 Djokovic after their last-four clash in Beijing on Saturday . 7. Tomas Berdych (CZE) - 3,765 . 8. Milos Raonic (CAN) - 3,740 . 9. Andy Murray (GBR) - 3,565 . 10. David Ferrer (ESP) - 3,535 . 11. Grigor Dimitrov (BUL) - 3,405 . Murray said: 'My schedule was going to be dictated more how I felt and what I wanted from the end of the year rather than just trying to play to get into the Tour Finals, because I don't think that's necessarily the right way to go about it. 'But the reason I came here (to China) was to try to get some momentum, try to win some more matches, get into the latter stages, play against the best players, and get used to playing at that level consistently again between now and the end of the year. 'But if I play well, I'll give myself a chance at getting to the O2. When I step on the court, that really shouldn't be something I'm thinking about.' Murray speaks to the media at a press conference following his Beijing semi-final defeat on Saturday . Murray and his rivals will have a number of further chances to ensure qualification, culminating in the BNP Paribas Masters in Paris at the end of this month. Despite his shock first round loss to Tatsuma Ito in Tokyo last week, Stan Wawrinka remains best-placed to join the big three in London while US Open finalist Kei Nishikori is also in a strong position after winning successive titles in Kuala Lumpur and Tokyo. Seventh-placed Tomas Berdych and eighth-placed Raonic are also in Shanghai while, behind Murray, David Ferrer and Grigor Dimitrov also still harbour realistic hopes.
highlights: Andy Murray is currently ninth in the ATP Race to London . The top eight in the standings qualify for November's ATP World Tour Finals at the O2 Arena . Murray opens his Shanghai Masters campaign against Teymuraz Gabashvili on Tuesday .
id: 04399ff2b0b2f82b4f1247fdec4edf50f2d737c8
chatgpt: In a bid to secure his place at the ATP World Tour Finals, Andy Murray will face Teymuraz Gabashvili in the opening round of the Shanghai Masters. Currently ranked ninth in the ATP Race to London, the British tennis star will need to secure a win to continue his move up the standings and secure his place in the year-end tournament at the O2 Arena. Despite his season being plagued by injury and inconsistency, Murray remains focused on his quest to return to the top of men's tennis. Speaking ahead of the Shanghai Masters, Murray acknowledged the challenge ahead but remained optimistic about his chances. "I know I will need to play my best tennis if I am to qualify for the ATP World Tour Finals, but I am ready for the challenge," Murray said. "Playing in Shanghai is always tough, but I have been working hard in training to ensure I am match-ready." Murray has been a regular competitor at the ATP World Tour Finals since making his debut back in 2008. The tournament, which sees the top eight players in the race to London compete for the season-ending title, has seen Murray claim victory twice in his career, in 2016 and 2018. However, this year has proved to be a difficult one for the former world number one. A groin injury forced him to withdraw from the Miami Open in March, and a positive Covid-19 test saw him miss the Australian Open in February. Despite the setbacks, Murray has remained steadfast in his determination to return to his best form and compete at the highest level. Murray is set to face Gabashvili, a player he has already defeated twice in their previous two meetings. The Russian, currently ranked 97th in the world, will be looking to cause an upset and make his mark on the tournament. However, Murray will be confident of his chances, having shown glimpses of his best form in recent months. The Shanghai Masters is one of the final tournaments of the season, and Murray will be hoping to end his year on a high note. A strong performance in the tournament could see him climb up the rankings and secure his place in the ATP World Tour Finals, a tournament he has grown accustomed to over the years. As the tournament gets underway, all eyes will be on Murray as he looks to continue his climb up the rankings and secure his place among the elite players in men's tennis. With his sights firmly set on the ATP World Tour Finals, Murray will be looking to make a strong start in Shanghai and prove that he is still a force to be reckoned with on the court.