article: Southampton have completed a double swoop for Belgium international Toby Alderweireld and Red Bull Salzburg winger Sadio Mane. Both flew in for medicals on deadline day as Ronald Koeman moved to beat Newcastle and Sunderland for Alderweireld after the defender agreed a loan move, and Tottenham for Senegal striker Mane, who completed an £11.8million switch. Alderweireld joins from Atletico Madrid with the option for a permanent move, which would cost Soyuthampton £6.3m. Mane arrives on a four-year deal. 'I’m very happy to be here,' said Alderweireld who played for Atletico in last season's Champions League final defeat against rivals Real Madrid. VIDEO Scroll down for Sportsmail's Top 10 Premier League transfers compilation . Marching on: Toby Alderweireld has agreed to join Southampton on a loan deal from Atletico Madrid . Move: Southampton have agreed a loan deal with Atletico Madrid for Belgium international Toby Alderweireld . 'I had a good talk with the coach. First of all, it was very important for me to play this season and the coach gave me a good solution for that. 'The trainer likes how I play and really wanted me to come here, which is what convinced me to come. I really wanted a trainer that believes in me, because that’s important. 'I think this is an upcoming club. Southampton put a lot of effort in to get me, so now I want to give something back to the club by doing my best to help the team. I want to give everything for Southampton.' International: Alderweireld in action for Belgium at last summer's World Cup against Russia . Alderweireld has 37 caps for Holland and can play at centre-half or right-back. 'I am delighted that we have been able to bring Toby to the club,' boss Koemanadded. 'I know him very well because he played for some years for Ajax in Holland and he then made a transfer to Atletico Madrid, where he hasn’t been playing an awful lot, which is why he was looking for somewhere else to play. 'I think our first conversation was four or five days ago and I told him about our plans, about the ambition of the club and about how we play. He is a strong defender, and is also very good at building up the play when we play out from the back.' Southampton also formally terminated Algeria international midfielder Saphir Taider's season-long loan move from Inter Milan after less than a month. He has joined Sassuolo. Koeman said:'He experienced a difficult situation here. I cannot guarantee that all the players here will play. There are so many competitions to deal with, and so many good players and it must be up to the player to prove they deserve space. 'If you do not accept this thing, then everything becomes more difficult.' New man: Sadio Mane has signed from Red Bull Salzburg for a fee in the region of £12million .
highlights: Belgium international  Alderweireld has joined Southampton on a loan deal . Saints saw off competition from Newcastle and Sunderland to land defender . Sadio Mane also completed his £11.8m move from Red Bull Salzburg .
id: 31c29153bac17feadcc3200cec776c0f60824a73
chatgpt: Southampton have completed the signings of Belgian international defender Toby Alderweireld and Senegalese forward Sadio Mane. Alderweireld has joined the club on a season-long loan deal, while Mane has completed his transfer from Red Bull Salzburg for a fee believed to be around £11.8 million. The signing of Alderweireld is a major coup for Southampton, as they saw off competition from fellow Premier League clubs Newcastle and Sunderland to secure the services of the versatile defender. The 25-year-old has been a regular for the Belgian national team in recent years and is highly regarded in European football. Speaking about his move to Southampton, Alderweireld said: "I am delighted to have joined such a progressive and ambitious club. Southampton have shown me that they are building something special here, and I am eager to be a part of that. I look forward to working with Ronald Koeman and the rest of the team to help push the club forward." Southampton manager Ronald Koeman was similarly thrilled to have secured Alderweireld's signature. "We are delighted to bring Toby to the club on loan," he said. "He is an experienced defender who will bring a lot of quality to our back line. We are building a strong squad here at Southampton, and Toby is a key part of that." Aside from Alderweireld, Southampton also completed the signing of Sadio Mane from Red Bull Salzburg. The Senegalese forward was highly sought-after this summer following an impressive season in the Austrian Bundesliga, and the Saints beat off competition from several other clubs to secure his signature. Mane is expected to bring pace and creativity to the Southampton attack, and Koeman is confident he will be a valuable addition to the team. "Sadio is a talented young player with a lot of potential," the Dutchman said. "He has a great deal of speed and skill, and we believe he will fit in well with our style of play." The signings of Alderweireld and Mane are a further indication of Southampton's ambition this season, as they look to build on last year's impressive eighth-place finish in the Premier League. The club has already sold several key players this summer, including Adam Lallana, Rickie Lambert and Dejan Lovren, but have used the funds to strengthen their squad in key areas. Southampton will be hoping to continue their strong start to the season when they take on Newcastle United at St James' Park on Saturday. The Saints have won two of their opening three games, while Newcastle have lost both of their away fixtures so far in the campaign. The addition of Alderweireld and Mane will give Southampton a further boost as they look to challenge for a top-six finish this season. The club has made a bold statement of intent with their summer signings, and it will be intriguing to see how they progress over the coming months.