article: A British woman has been locked up in a notorious jail in Iran – for trying to watch a men's volleyball match. Ghoncheh Ghavami, 25, was arrested and taken to Tehran's Evin jail a few days after attempting to watch a volleyball match between Iran and Italy on June 20. She has spent 41 days in solitary confinement, according to her family. Ms Ghavami went to the Azadi Stadium – which ironically means 'freedom' - with other women to protest against Iran's stricture, introduced after the 1979 Islamic Revolution, forbidding females to attend male sporting events. Scroll down for video . Harsh: Ghoncheh Ghavami, 25, was arrested and taken to Tehran's Evin jail a few days after attempting to watch a volleyball match between Iran and Italy on June 20 . Detained: Ms Ghavami was arrested after trying to watch a men's volleyball match at the Azadi Stadium in Tehran (pictured) At first Ms Ghavami, who is studying law in London, was arrested then released, but when she went back to fetch her belongings, she was re-arrested and jailed. Several others involved in the demonstration were also detained. Her brother, 28-year-old Iman Ghavami, told ITV News: '[The family] can barely hold themselves together. 'They are torn apart – not just my parents but my grandparents, my uncles, everybody.' Iran's head of police, Esmail Ahmadi Moghadam, told the Fars news agency: 'In the current conditions, the mixing of men and women in stadiums is not in the public interest. Protest: Social media campaigns have sprung up in a bid to pressurise Iran into releasing Ms Ghavami . Notorious: Ms Ghavami has spent 41 days in solitary confinement in Tehran's Evin prison (pictured) 'The stance taken by religious scholars and the supreme leader remains unchanged, and as the enforcer of law, we cannot allow women to enter stadiums.' Social media campaigns have sprung up in a bid to pressurise Iran into releasing Ms Ghavami. There's a Facebook group dedicated to helping her and the hashtag #FreeGhonchehGhavami is being appended to Twitter posts about her plight. The Foreign Office said it was aware of the situation, but has little sway over Iran as it does not have official diplomatic ties with it, so it's unlikely to be able to help Ms Ghavami. Amnesty International UK spokesperson Neil Durkin told MailOnline: 'We're extremely worried about Ghoncheh's predicament. 'She's been held in solitary for over a month in Tehran's notorious Evin Prison where she's been under the control of the country's Revolutionary Guards. 'Her lawyer has had no access to her or any documents about why she's being held, though we understand she's being investigated with a view to charging her with the extremely vague offence of "propaganda against the state". 'Ghoncheh is a prisoner of conscience and should be released immediately.' Iran's rigid enforcement of Islamic code is down to the influence of its top authority, the Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, who this week successfully underwent prostate surgery, according to Iranian state media.
highlights: Ghoncheh Ghavami, 25, was arrested and taken to Tehran's Evin jail in June . Her crime was that she attempted to watch a male volleyball match . She has spent 41 days in solitary confinement, according to her family . A social media campaign has sprung up to pressurise Iran into freeing her . She is studying law in London and has dual British and Iranian nationality .
id: 844d2d76a15a543d47f9ffb2a15996911b81e31d
chatgpt: Ghoncheh Ghavami, a 25-year-old with dual British and Iranian nationality, remains in solitary confinement after being arrested in June for attempting to watch a male volleyball match. The incident has sparked a social media campaign calling for her release from Tehran's Evin jail, where she has spent the last 41 days. Ghavami, who is currently studying law in London, was arrested after joining a group of women who were attempting to watch a volleyball match. Though she was released shortly after her initial arrest, she was subsequently rearrested and charged with "propaganda against the state". According to Ghavami's family, their calls and emails to Iranian officials have gone unanswered, and they are growing increasingly concerned for her safety. "My daughter has committed no crime," said Ghavami's mother, Susan Moshtaghian. "She simply wanted to watch a volleyball match. We are asking that she be released immediately." The case has gained significant attention on social media, with the hashtag "#FreeGhonchehGhavami" trending on Twitter and Facebook. Supporters have been sharing photos and messages of support, as well as contacting their representatives to urge them to take action. Many human rights organizations have also spoken out in support of Ghavami's release. "The arrest and detention of Ghoncheh Ghavami is a flagrant denial of her right to freedom of assembly and association," said Philip Luther, Director of the Middle East and North Africa Programme at Amnesty International. "We are calling for her immediate and unconditional release." The incident has also put a spotlight on the issue of gender discrimination in Iran. Despite a recent decision by the government to allow some women to attend male sporting events, many continue to face harassment and arrest for attempting to do so. The case of Ghavami, however, has particularly struck a nerve with the international community. "The arbitrary arrest and detention of Ghoncheh Ghavami is a clear violation of her fundamental human rights," said Maya Foa, Director of the death penalty team at Reprieve. "We urge the Iranian authorities to release her immediately and unconditionally, and to allow her to return to her studies in London." As the campaign to free Ghavami continues to grow, her supporters remain hopeful that international pressure will eventually lead to her release. "We will not stop until Ghoncheh is free," said one activist. "Her case is a reflection of the broader struggle for human rights in Iran, and we will not rest until justice is served."