article: Gary Neville believes the likes of new club captain Wayne Rooney, Robin Van Persie and Michael Carrick need to step up to lead a Manchester United recovery following the exit of several club legends this summer. New manager Louis Van Gaal had a disastrous start on Saturday as United lost 2-1 to Swansea at Old Trafford. The Dutchman is tasked with returning the Red Devils back to their glory days without stalwarts such as long-standing captain Nemanja Vidic, Rio Ferdinand, Patrice Evra and the retired Ryan Giggs. Captain: Neville is looking to new club captain Wayne Rooney to lead the recovery at Manchester United . Top pundit: Since retiring Gary Neville has established himself as a pundit and commentator at Sky Sports . Former United right-back Neville highlights the importance of new leaders emerging at Old Trafford to cope with the club’s transformation. ‘Big personalities like Patrice Evra, Rio Ferdinand and Nemanja Vidic have gone, and new leaders and characters need to emerge in the dressing room,’ said Neville in his ambassador's column in the United Review. ‘This is now the opportunity for [the likes of] Phil Jones, David De Gea, Juan Mata, Ander Herrera - players who've been signed - to become leaders and develop the mentality that they want to take over the mantle. Assistant: Club legend Ryan Giggs has retired playing for Manchester United but now assists Louis Van Gaal . Moved on: Former Manchester United captain and left-back Patrice Evra has joined Italian side Juventus . Gone: Centre-back Rio Ferdinand has departed Old Trafford to start a new challenge at Queens Park Rangers . ‘That's particularly true for the ones who have been there for a period of time. Robin van Persie, Wayne Rooney, Michael Carrick, Darren Fletcher and Jonny Evans are the five obvious players who have won many honours between them, now they need to step up. Louis van Gaal is leading the way and Neville feels the former Holland manager has the vast wealth of experience to create and nurture that evolution within the squad. ‘The main thing is that the manager is a fantastic leader in his own right,’ added Neville, ‘so he will demand that his players take more responsibility out on the pitch.’ New club: Former Manchester captain Nemanja Vidic has also moved to Serie A with Inter Milan .
highlights: Ryan Giggs retired during the summer and fellow stalwarts Nemanja Vidic, Rio Ferdinand and Patrice Evra all departed for new clubs . Manager Louis Van Gaal facing a transformation job at Manchester United . Neville believes the current squad needs leaders to step up and perform .
id: bb43790626dcf1c77b4cb8ff15e93e9c310774c5
chatgpt: Manchester United's recent losses have caused concern amongst both fans and pundits alike. With the departures of longtime players such as Ryan Giggs, Nemanja Vidic, Rio Ferdinand, and Patrice Evra, manager Louis Van Gaal faces a transformational job to move the club forward. Former Manchester United player, Gary Neville, believes that the current squad needs leaders to step up and perform. In his analysis on Sky Sports, Neville criticized the players for their lack of leadership in the team, which he believes is contributing to the team's poor performances. “They need players out on that pitch to step up and be counted," Neville said. "Just do your job properly, and be professional. Manchester United should never have players that fall below the standard that’s required to represent this football club.” Neville thinks that the club's current players should take inspiration from former captain Roy Keane's leadership style. Keane's fierce determination and drive to win helped lead the club to numerous titles during his tenure. Van Gaal has already started to address the issue of leadership within the squad. During the summer transfer window, he brought in experienced players such as Bastian Schweinsteiger and Morgan Schneiderlin to add steel to the midfield. Van Gaal has also placed faith in an unlikely figure to lead the team – Wayne Rooney. The striker has been given the captain’s armband and asked to lead by example on the pitch. Neville believes that Rooney is capable of leading the team to great success. “Wayne Rooney will have that same determination and drive that Keane had," Neville said. "He’s won titles with the club and is someone who can lead by example.” Manchester United is a club that has always had a strong tradition of leadership, and Neville believes that this must continue if the team is to revive its fortunes. He believes that the current crop of players is in a unique position to inspire the next generation of leaders at the club. “This is a big moment for this group of players," Neville said. "They need to change the culture of the club, and it needs to come from them. If they can do that, they will become true leaders, and Manchester United will be back where they belong."  It remains to be seen if the current Manchester United squad can rise to the challenge of leadership that Neville has laid out for them. One thing is certain, the club's fans will be hoping that they can, and that the glory days of the past will soon be a reality once again.