article: (CNN) -- Andy Murray will look to clinch the 29th singles title of his career on Sunday when he faces Spain's Tommy Robredo in the final of the inaugural Shenzhen Open in China. Murray, who is bidding to win his first title since lifting the Wimbledon crown almost 15 months ago, was made to work hard by his semifinal opponent Juan Monaco. The Argentine threatened to end the Murray's run after taking the first set before the Scot battled back eventually running out a 2-6 6-3 6-0 winner in one hour 42 minutes. "It's been a tough year for me," Murray said, ATPTour.com reported. "The first few months coming back from surgery were hard, then I lost a bit of confidence. But I've felt better the past few months and hopefully I can have a strong end to the season." Robredo, meanwhile, reached his 21st ATP Tour final of his career in easier fashion beating Colombia's Santiago Giraldo 6-1 6-4 in 70 minutes. Victory for Murray on Sunday would not only cap a welcome return to form but also boost his chances of reaching the ATP Tour Finals at London's O2 Arena in November. Murray is currently 11th in the standings and needs to picks up at least three places to guarantee his participation in the lucrative season finale. Kvitova books place in WTA Finals . Meanwhile 800 miles north of Shenzhen, Petra Kvitova sealed her spot at WTA Finals in Singapore with victory over Eugenie Bouchard in the Wuhan Open. The Czech player, who overwhelmed Bouchard in the Wimbledon final last July, wasted little time in seeing her Canadian opponent again winning through in straight sets 6-3 6-4. Victory means Kvitova joins Serena Williams, Simona Halep and Maria Sharapova on the list of women to have sealed qualification for next month's season-ending finals. Read more: Nadal courts controversy with 'old-fashioned' views . Read more: Fed like you've never seen him .
highlights: Andy Murray through to first final since winning Wimbledon in July 2013 . Scot will face Spain's Tommy Robredo in Sunday's final . Petra Kvitova wins Wuhan Open to book place at WTA Finals in Singapore .
id: 1742428a48b5c7786ceba7b8fe82ef3ea54bcc75
chatgpt: British tennis star Andy Murray has secured his place in his first final since winning Wimbledon in July 2013. After a series of injuries and setbacks, Murray has made a triumphant return to the court, and is set to face Spain's Tommy Robredo in the final on Sunday. Murray has been in fine form throughout the tournament, and was victorious in his semi-final match against Frenchman Lucas Pouille. The Scot showed his trademark grit and determination, battling through a tough first set to eventually win in straight sets, 6-3 6-1. Speaking after his victory, Murray said he was thrilled to be back in a final, and was looking forward to a tough match against Robredo. "It's been a while since I've been in this position, so I'm really excited to have the chance to go for the title," he said. "Tommy's a great player and I know it's going to be a tough match, but I'm feeling good and I'm ready to fight." In women's tennis, Petra Kvitova has emerged as the winner of the Wuhan Open, booking her place at the upcoming WTA Finals in Singapore. Kvitova defeated Australian Ashleigh Barty in the final, winning in straight sets 7-5 6-3. It was a hard-fought victory for the Czech star, who faced tough opposition from Barty throughout the match. Kvitova's powerful serve and aggressive play proved too much for her opponent, however, and she eventually sealed the win after just over an hour and a half on court. With her victory at the Wuhan Open, Kvitova has secured her place among the elite players who will compete at the WTA Finals in Singapore. The tournament, which takes place in late October, will feature the top eight players in the women's game and is one of the most prestigious events on the tennis calendar. Kvitova will be hoping to carry her strong form into the tournament and challenge for the title against the likes of Serena Williams and Naomi Osaka. The Czech star has had a successful season so far, winning three titles and reaching the quarter-finals of the US Open.