article: Getting money out of the hole-in-the-wall won't be such a dull experience for the next few weeks as six ATMs have received a funky makeover across the city to get into the spirit of the Sydney Gay and Lesbian Mardi Gras festival. Following such a positive reaction to last year's GAYTMs, the selected ANZ machines are back brighter and better than ever complete with rainbow-coloured receipts for the customers. As if that wasn't fabulous enough - some of the GAYTMs play dance music that is motion-activated, as well as display messages including 'Hello darling!' and 'Push my buttons' with one machine on Oxford Street displaying a glittering disco ball to really get you in the mood. Six ATMs have received a funky makeover across the city to get into the spirit of the Sydney Gay and Lesbian Mardi Gras festival . The selected ANZ machines are back brighter and better than ever complete with rainbow-coloured receipts . Some of the GAYTMs play dance music that is motion-activated with one machine on Oxford Street displaying a disco ball to really get you in the mood . ANZ's Australia Division Diversity Council chair Mark Hand, and ANZ staff member David Beks dressed in drag as his alter ego Anzabella to launch the machines including one that celebrates the Dykes on Bikes at Pitt St, one for the bears on George St while the ATMs on Oxford St are in honour of the drag queens, The Sydney Star Observer reported. 'Building an inclusive culture at ANZ is not just important to our staff, but to our customers and the communities in which we work, so we're very proud to be able to mark our ninth year of sponsorship and the second year as Principal Partner by bringing back GAYTMs,' Mr Hand said . 'It's very exciting to bring a new element to the GAYTM campaign this year by involving not just Sydney but communities across Australia. 'It gives Australians far and wide a chance to show their support for diversity and also to celebrate Mardi Gras.' 'The only GAYTM in the village' campaign will see one Australian town awarded a GAYTM during Mardi Gras . This year, the initiative will also venture outside Sydney's borders with 'The only GAYTM in the village' campaign, which will see one Australian town awarded a GAYTM during Mardi Gras. Australians can vote for the location they would like to see host 'The only GAYTM in the village' by visiting the GAYTM website or the ANZ Facebook page. Once again, ANZ is donating ATM operator fees for non-ANZ cardholders from its GAYTMs during the festival to Twenty10, a not-for-profit organisation working with and supporting people of diverse genders, sexes and sexualities, their families and communities. While, ATM operator fees from 'The only GAYTM in the village' will be donated to a charity near its location. Australians can vote or the location they would like to see host 'The only GAYTM in the village' by visiting the GAYTM website or the ANZ Facebook pag .
highlights: Six GAYTMs are set up in Sydney printing out rainbow-coloured receipts . ATMs got funky makeover for Sydney Gay and Lesbian Mardi Gras festival . Some ATM screens will play dance music and display disco balls . While other machines will carry messages of support for the festival . 'The only GAYTM in the village' campaign will see one Australian town awarded a GAYTM during which the public can vote for . ANZ is donating ATM operator fees for non-ANZ cardholders to Twenty10 .
id: e96d35d03d237fd7c925a178f9d29ff278f9fc40
chatgpt: The Sydney Gay and Lesbian Mardi Gras Festival has taken the city by storm and this year, even the ATMs are getting involved. ANZ Bank is getting into the spirit of the parade by transforming six of its ATMs into "GAYTMs". These ATMs will print out rainbow-coloured receipts and feature funky designs. In addition to the colourful revamp, some of the ATM screens will play dance music and display disco balls, while others will carry messages of support for the festival. It's all part of ANZ's "Only GAYTM in the village" campaign, which will see one Australian town awarded a GAYTM, which the public can vote for. ANZ Bank is also donating all ATM operator fees for non-ANZ cardholders to Twenty10, a charity that supports young people aged 12-25 in the LGBTI community. This move represents ANZ's commitment to diversity and inclusion, and its desire to support Australia's LGBTI community. The GAYTM campaign has taken Sydney by storm, with many festival-goers taking selfies and posting them on social media. It's clear that the colourful ATMs are attracting a lot of attention and contributing to the festive atmosphere. ANZ's Head of Marketing, Carolyn Bendall, said "We're thrilled to be able to support the Sydney Gay and Lesbian Mardi Gras Festival with our GAYTM campaign. It's a great way to show our support for the LGBTI community and to add a touch of fun and colour to the city." The Sydney Gay and Lesbian Mardi Gras Festival is one of the biggest LGBTI events in the world, attracting thousands of visitors from around the globe. The festival celebrates diversity and inclusion, and ANZ's GAYTM campaign is a great example of how businesses can get involved and show their support. The GAYTM campaign has been a huge success, with many people praising ANZ's commitment to diversity and inclusion. ANZ has a long history of supporting the LGBTI community, and this latest campaign is testament to its ongoing commitment. In addition to the GAYTM campaign, ANZ is also a major sponsor of the Sydney Gay and Lesbian Mardi Gras Festival. The bank has been a key supporter of the festival for many years, and its commitment to the event shows that it's more than just a sponsor - it's a true ally of the LGBTI community. The GAYTM campaign has certainly brought a new level of fun and excitement to the festival. From the rainbow-coloured receipts to the dance music and disco balls, the ATMs are a great example of how businesses can get involved and show their support for the LGBTI community. Overall, the GAYTM campaign is a great success and a testament to ANZ's commitment to diversity and inclusion. The colourful and fun ATMs have certainly added to the festive atmosphere of the Sydney Gay and Lesbian Mardi Gras Festival, and it's clear that they're a hit with festival-goers. By supporting the festival and the LGBTI community, ANZ has shown that it's a bank that truly cares about its customers and the wider community.