article: (CNN) -- The imprisoned American man who allegedly confessed to crimes in North Korea is not the same son his mother remembers. "He's not my usual son, kind of different," Myunghee Bae, mother of Kenneth Bae, told CNN's Chris Cuomo on Wednesday. Kenneth Bae, who has been jailed in North Korea for 15 months, told reporters there that he committed a "serious crime" in the secretive nation and that he had not experienced abusive treatment by the regime. But any statement made by Bae in captivity would be sanctioned by the North Korean government, whose widespread human rights abuses are known to the world. The country has a long history of exacting false confessions. There was something off, his mother said, when she saw him on television. "He's not my usual son, kind of different. My heart aches when I saw him," she said. In his remarks, Kenneth Bae asked the U.S. government, the media and his family to not make things worse by spreading "vile rumors" about North Korea. He also asked his family and other supporters to make more active efforts to secure his freedom. "We're hoping that we're getting closer to the end," Bae's sister, Terri Chung, told CNN. "I'm glad that he had a platform to speak, but it is also flooded back with a lot of mixed emotions, watching him in that prison uniform." The family is scared for him, Chung said, and is appealing to anyone who may help Bae's cause. "We believe that Kenneth is being treated well, as he said, and we hope that North Korean authorities will have mercy and allow Kenneth to come home," she said. The U.S. government is doing what it can, Chung said, adding that she thinks that "things are in the works." Bae, of Lynwood, Washington, was arrested in November 2012 in Rason, along North Korea's northeastern coast. The devout Christian and father of three operated a China-based company specializing in tours of North Korea, according to his family and freekennow.com, a website that friends set up to promote his release. "He looks very distressed," Bae's mother said. "He has a strong, strong mind, but, I don't know, after 15 months, he has to maintain the same stable mind all the time. I'm kind of worried about that." CNN's Judy Kwon and Josh Levs contributed to this report.
highlights: Kenneth Bae has been imprisoned in North Korea for 15 months . He told reporters that he committed a crime and is being treated well . But North Korea is known for reviewing anything he says . Bae's family wants him freed; "I'm kind of worried about" his state of mind, mother says .
id: c6aa0d52d919f5f05817815e8ed2cc2810765d5d
chatgpt: Kenneth Bae, an American citizen, has been imprisoned in North Korea for the past 15 months. Bae was arrested in November 2012 while leading a tour group in the country. He was accused of attempting to overthrow the government and sentenced to 15 years of hard labor. While Bae has remained in custody, his family has been advocating for his release. In a recent interview with reporters, Bae stated that he had committed a crime and was being treated well in prison. However, there are concerns about the reliability of Bae's statements. North Korea is known for pressuring prisoners into making false confessions to support their own propaganda. Bae's family has also expressed concerns about his mental state. "I'm kind of worried about how he's doing," said Bae's mother, Myunghee Bae. "He's been there for a long time and we don't know how he's being treated." Bae's case has become a point of contention between the United States and North Korea. The U.S. government has been calling for Bae's release, but North Korea has refused to budge. Bae's family has also been lobbying for his release, enlisting the help of various human rights organizations. "It's been a very difficult time for our family," said Bae's sister, Terri Chung. "We just want to bring him home." Bae's case is just one example of the tense relationship between the U.S. and North Korea. The two countries have been at odds for years, with North Korea pursuing a nuclear weapons program and making hostile statements towards the U.S. For now, Bae remains in custody in North Korea. His family continues to advocate for his release and hope that the situation will be resolved soon. "We just want him to come home," said Myunghee Bae. "We miss him so much."