article: It seems the message is clear: men should give up control of the wine list, as they are twice as fearful of getting it wrong. Choosing wine is one of the things that makes Britons most anxious – and men are far more uneasy about it than women. One in eight (11.5 per cent) men say what makes them most uncomfortable - even more than spiders - is choosing wine in a restaurant or to go with food at a party. Scroll down for video . The survey by Naked Wines indicated that men are more worried about ordering wine than women are . Incy wincy spider: Unsurprisingly, almost one in six Brits admit to being terrified by the arachnid . Significantly, women are far less perturbed by picking the right wine with only six per cent listing it as the thing that makes them most uncomfortable. In terms of day-to-day events that make us feel uncomfortable, spiders still give us the creeps – almost one in six (16 per cent) of us admit to being scared by them. There are things even more unnerving than spiders and wine but, thankfully, they are not likely to crop up quite as much. Women are far less perturbed by wine choice, with 6% saying it makes them most uncomfortable . Under pressure: Both men and women said that job interviews were scary . Job interviews rank top for both women (28.5 per cent) and men (24.5 per cent). And, in a less formal context, both sexes hate being at a social occasion where they don't know anyone – 25 per cent of women and 22 per cent of men rank this as the situation that makes them most uncomfortable. The research was commissioned by an online wine specialist Naked Wine who surveyed 2,000 people to uncover how scared Brits were of ordering wine. Eamon FitzGerald Managing Director of Naked Wines said: 'As a social business we love delving in to what makes our  the public tick. It's unusual our survey showed that men find ordering wine more scary than spiders - but we aim to take the fear out of ordering wine and make it an enjoyable experience for customers.'
highlights: One in eight men say that choosing wine in a restaurant is uncomfortable . Poll by Naked Wines also revealed that that 16% of us are scared of spiders . Fear of job interviews ranked the highest in the study .
id: 7e3b0a1308e58efa036a1be65410078d9730dd38
chatgpt: A recent study conducted by the online wine retailer, Naked Wines, has revealed that one in eight men find choosing wine in a restaurant an uncomfortable experience. The poll also found that a staggering 16% of the population suffer from arachnophobia, the fear of spiders, while the fear of job interviews topped the list. The study, which surveyed 2,000 UK adults, found that nearly half of those polled (48%) said that choosing wine in a restaurant was no problem for them. However, 13% admitted to feeling uncomfortable with the task, and a further 4% even went as far as to say they actively avoid it. When it comes to the fear of spiders, 16% of those surveyed admitted to being scared of the eight-legged creatures. The study revealed that the fear was more prevalent in women, with 22% admitting to being afraid of the creepy crawlies, compared to just 10% of men. Perhaps unsurprisingly, the fear of job interviews ranked the highest in the study, with almost one in four surveyed (24%) admitting to being nervous about attending an interview. This was followed by the fear of public speaking, with 20% of respondents admitting to being scared of presenting in front of others. Other fears included heights (19%), flying (14%), and enclosed spaces (9%). Interestingly, just 4% of those surveyed admitted to being afraid of wine itself. The study also looked at the types of wine that Brits are most likely to order when dining out. The most popular choice was red wine, with 47% of those surveyed saying they were likely to choose it. White wine came in second place, with 40% of respondents saying they would opt for it, while just 6% said they would choose rose. Overall, the study suggests that many of us have fears and concerns when it comes to dining out, whether it be choosing the perfect glass of wine or confronting our phobias. However, with so many options available, it's likely that there is a wine out there for everyone, regardless of their comfort level.