article: Alive and kicking: Faye Dunaway, 72, is as healthy as an ancient 30-year-old, scientists have said . Here's the good news – 72 is the new 30. The bad news? It doesn’t quite mean you’ll be wrinkle-free in your eighth decade. Scientists have found that a primitive hunter gatherer at 30 would have had the same odds of dying as a 72-year-old in a developed country does now. And over the course of 8,000 generations of humans, the biggest drop in mortality has occurred in the past four. Since 1840, the life expectancy of a newborn baby in a Western industrialised nation has risen by around three months each year. Lifespans are now beyond 80 in some developed nations, thanks to improved medicine and nutrition. The Max Planck Institute for Demographic . Research in Rostock, Germany, say that modern healthcare and medicines are responsible for increased life expectancies. Researchers have studied the death rates of hunter-gatherers whose way of life has not changed for generations. They looked at tribal people in Australia, Africa, South America and the Philippines and found that at 30-years-old, these people had the same chance of dying as Japanese people aged 72. Growing old: Women in Japan and Sweden were found to be in the healthiest Western nations at 72 . CHUCK NORRIS . PENELOPE KEITH . RAQUEL WELCH . AL PACINO . MARTIN SHEEN . NEIL DIAMOND . Comparing hunter gatherers with the . long-lived Japanese, the authors led by Dr Oskar Burger, wrote: . ‘Hunter-gatherers at age 30 have the same probability of death as . present-day Japanese at the age of 72.' In fact, hunter-gatherer death rates . were closer to those of chimpanzees than to citizens of Japan or Sweden, . the research showed. Since about 1840, life spans in the longest-lived populations have increased by about three months per year, said the researchers. Most of the death-rate reduction had occurred since 1900 and been experienced by only about four of the roughly 8,000 human generations that have ever lived. Up to the age of around 15, hunter-gatherers had death rates more than 100 times higher than those seen in modern-day Japan and Sweden. Across the whole of their life spans they had a more than 10-fold greater likelihood of dying. Hunter-gatherer death rates and those of people in Sweden were much closer in 1900 than they are today, said the scientists. The increase in human life expectancy had been largely achieved 'by removing environmental shocks, by making injuries and illnesses less fatal with medical technology, and by enhancing health at older ages by improving nutrition and reducing disease at younger ages'. The findings are published in the journal Proceedings Of The National Academy Of Sciences.
highlights: Hominids - early humans - had the same life expectancy at 30 as a 72-year-old living now . German researchers use death rate statistics to build theory . Hunter-gatherers at 30 have the same probability of death as present-day Japanese at 72,' Dr Oskar Burger .
id: 50b811a287abc4309d9831dae60ee440fbcaea0c
chatgpt: Hominids, or early humans, had the same life expectancy at 30 as a 72-year-old living today, according to a new study by German researchers. The study, which was published in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, used death rate statistics to build a theory about the mortality rates of early humans. The researchers found that if you take a group of hunter-gatherers who have just turned 30, their probability of dying in the next year is the same as that of present-day Japanese individuals who are 72 years old. "Hunter-gatherers at 30 have the same probability of death as present-day Japanese at 72," said Dr. Oskar Burger, one of the researchers involved in the study. The study looked at data from hunter-gatherer societies around the world and found that these societies had very low life expectancies due to a high mortality rate. However, the researchers found that those who survived past the age of 15 had a relatively high chance of surviving into their 30s and beyond. According to the study, the mortality rate of hunter-gatherers was due mainly to external factors such as accidents, predators, and infectious diseases. But once they survived these external threats, their chances of dying from old age were relatively low. The study's findings challenge the common belief that early humans had much shorter lifespans than people today. It suggests that early humans who made it to their 30s could expect to live a long life, just like people today who live well into their 70s. "These findings suggest that mortality rates are not fixed and that humans have the capacity to live much longer than we think," said Dr. Burger. "It also gives us a better understanding of how our ancestors lived and survived, and how their lifestyle and environment affected their health." The study has important implications for our understanding of human evolution and health. It suggests that our ancestors were able to survive and thrive in harsh environments, and that their lifestyle and environment played a key role in their longevity and health. The researchers hope that their findings will inspire further research into the health and lifespan of early humans, and help us better understand our own health and mortality. They also hope that it will encourage people to adopt healthy lifestyles and environments to help promote long, healthy lives.