article: Four American women of Chinese descent are suing Sephora for allegedly blocking and deactivating the accounts of 'Asian-sounding' customers during a 20per cent off sale. The women, Xiao Xiao, Jiali Chen, Man Xu, and Tiantian Zou, who live in New York, Ohio, and Pennsylvania, have filed a class action complaint in a New York federal court against the beauty retailer. 'Sephora has blocked and/or deactivated customers of perceived Chinese/Asian descent based on the ill-founded and discriminatory belief that all Chinese/Asian customers abuse discount sales to engage in bulk purchasing for re-sale,' the claim states. Controversy: Sephora is being sued after allegedly blocking customers with 'Asian sounding names' from its website. Here, a shopper is seen browsing items at the retailer's Grand Central location in New York City . The plantiffs’ lawyer, Wigdor LLP, believes Sephora will have to pay damages 'well into the millions,' according to Styleite. Sephora was quick to issue an apology via its website, blaming a high level of bulk purchases from 'automated accounts'. The statement read: 'What caused the disruption yesterday was a high level of bulk buys and automated accounts for reselling purposes from North America and multiple countries outside the US.' The company made no reference to the accusations of ethnic profiling but explained that 'we have identified certain entities who take advantage of promotional opportunities to purchase products in large volume on our website and re-sell them through other channels. 'After careful consideration, we have deactivated these accounts in order to optimize product availability for the majority of our clients, as well as ensure that consumers are not subject to increased prices or products that are not being handled or stored properly.' In complaints posted on Facebook and Reddit, users noted that those registered under Asia-based email addresses, such as qq.com and 126.com, were among those blocked – though customers with 'Asian-sounding' names registered under a U.S. or Canadian address were also affected. Reddit user huaer, who first posted about the controversy on the site's MakeupAddiction forum Friday, expressed disappointment with the store's response. 'I do not agree with the way Sephora has handled the situation, and believe that they have disappointed many of us in these past few days,' she wrote. Angry customers continued to post grievances on the company's Facebook page. Chenyi Ebe Zhu, a California resident who hails from Zhuhai, in China's Guangdong province, wrote: 'Thank you Sephora. Thank you for blocking my account, which makes me decide NOT to shop at Sephora any more. Why should I still give my money to such a racist company?' Shuo Wang, of Waterloo, Ontario, wrote on Facebook: 'My online account is locked without any reason! I am really disappointed at it!' Nanjing University student Zoey Shen added: 'I want to unlock my account because I am not a reseller. I just want to buy something for myself.'
highlights: Four customers are suing Sephora for allegedly blocking and deactivating the accounts of 'Asian-sounding' customers during a 20per cent off sale . The plantiffs’ lawyer, Wigdor LLP, believes Sephora will have to pay damages 'well into the millions'
id: b2f39f1e4334a90089642241c88fa6d2220ea2d2
chatgpt: Sephora, the cosmetics giant, is facing legal action after four customers have accused the company of blocking and deactivating the accounts of "Asian-sounding" customers during a 20% off sale. The four plaintiffs, all of Asian descent, have filed a lawsuit against Sephora claiming that the company violated their civil rights and engaged in discriminatory practices by targeting customers with "Asian-sounding" names during the promotional sale, according to their lawyers at Wigdor LLP. The plaintiffs are asking for damages in the millions of dollars for emotional distress and economic loss, highlighting the profound impact that being blocked from the sale can have on consumers. The lawsuit, which was filed in California Superior Court on April 8, accuses Sephora of engaging in a pattern of discrimination against Asian-American customers. The plaintiffs claim that the company blocked their access to the sale, but allowed customers with Western-sounding names to participate. According to the complaint, the plaintiffs attempted to use their accounts on the Sephora website during the sale only to find that their accounts had been deactivated. They were unable to purchase items at the discounted rate and were prevented from accessing their account information. The plaintiffs claim that only after persistently attempting to contact Sephora did they learn that their access had been blocked due to their "Asian-sounding" names. In a statement, Sephora said that it does not tolerate any form of discrimination and that it was conducting an internal investigation into the matter. "Discrimination and prejudice have no place at Sephora," the company said in a statement. "We are committed to ensuring that all individuals who interact with our brand, whether in stores or online, feel welcome and respected." The plaintiffs' lawyer, Jeanne M. Christensen of Wigdor LLP, said that Sephora's actions were "egregious and unacceptable" and that the company's "racist and discriminatory policies" caused her clients significant harm. "Retailers cannot use algorithms and bots to separate customers based on their race," Christensen said. "Sephora must be held accountable for refusing to treat all of its customers equally and for violating the law." The lawsuit is the latest in a series of legal actions against Sephora over allegations of racial discrimination. Last year, a former employee of the company filed a lawsuit alleging that Sephora routinely discriminated against black employees and customers. The case has yet to be heard in court, but legal experts believe that it could have far-reaching implications for companies that use algorithms and other automated tools to make decisions about customer access and engagement. If Sephora is found to have engaged in discriminatory practices, the company could be forced to pay significant damages and to make significant changes to its customer engagement and retention policies. The plaintiffs' lawyer, Wigdor LLP, believes that Sephora will have to pay damages "well into the millions" if it is found to have violated the law.