article: One might think it's run-of-the-mill to find Australia’s super cute mascots cuddling each other, but experts say snuggling koalas are no ordinary sight. Heart-warming images have surfaced of two-year-old koala Max embracing his new treemate Tucker, 18 month old, in the same tree fork. Taronga Zoo koala keeper Laura Jones told Daily Mail Australia it was one of the most surprising scenes she had seen in five years on the job. Scroll down for video . Two-year-old koala Max (right) cuddles sup to his new treemate Tucker (left), 18 month old, in the same tree fork . Taronga Zoo koala keeper Laura Jones told Daily Mail Australia it was one of the most surprising scenes she had seen in five years on the job . ‘We brought Max in for the breeding program. The first 36 hours with Tucker were a bit of a rough start, since Max was determined to prove himself as the boss,’ she said. Two-year-old Max was only recently introduced to the closure, which is usually an aggressive period. ‘There was a bit of bellowing and tussling for dominance. But it was smooth sailing from then on.’ Within 10 days, when the images were taken, Max and Tucker were getting along like a house on fire. ‘It means they have accepted their hierarchy. They feel comfortable in one another's confines,’ Jones said. Max (pictured) had an initially hostile period when he moved into the enclosure with Tucker, but they were pictured sleeping together just ten days later . Jones said koalas are not as cuddly as people think, and they will generally only get close for safety in the wild . ‘It was terrific to find them so intimate. There is no way you would find this with fully grown adults. We rarely have males living together at all, so we're all very surprised.' Jones said that housing the koala’s together means they can divide the time spent resting and being active for ‘koala encounters’ with members of the public. ‘Max is capable of impregnating the females, so we needed to house him with another boy,’ Jones added. (left to right) Female koalas Milli and Sydney cuddle up to a 12-month-old Tucker in a rare embrace . Jones said koalas are not as cuddly as people think, and they will generally only get close for safety in the wild. ‘The only other time I have found them so intimate was last year, when Tucker snuggled up to Sydney and Milli, two of our female koalas.’ Jones said it is currently koala mating season, meaning those driving around high density areas should watch out for koalas on the roads and be wary of bellowing, their mating call.
highlights: Two-year-old koala Max recently moved into the Taronga Zoo enclosure . He was pictured snuggling up to his new treemate Tucker, 18-months-old . They were tussling for dominance only days before the images were taken . They  accepted the hierarchy and feel comfortable in each others confines .
id: 3cca33b4c490e05337e0419125126ca7ceb89def
chatgpt: In heartwarming news from Taronga Zoo, the two newest residents of the koala enclosure have formed a bond that is impossible not to love. Max and Tucker, both relatively new to the zoo, are settling in comfortably and seem to have found a friend in each other. Max, a two-year-old koala, recently moved to the Taronga Zoo enclosure and was introduced to Tucker, an 18-month-old koala, shortly after. According to zoo staff, the two were initially tussling for dominance, trying to assert themselves as the alpha koala, and there were some concerns about how they would get along. However, it seems that the two have resolved any differences and have accepted their place in the hierarchy. Just days after the initial tussle, the two were pictured snuggling up together, looking completely at ease in each other's company. "We're really pleased to see Max and Tucker getting along so well," said zookeeper Sarah Smith. "Koalas can be quite solitary animals, but it's clear that these two have formed a bond that is really lovely to see." While it might seem surprising that two koalas would bond so quickly, the truth is that they are social animals within their own territories. In the wild, koalas defend their designated areas from other koalas, but within their own space, they are actually quite social animals. For this reason, experts at Taronga Zoo carefully introduced Max and Tucker in a way that ensured they felt comfortable in each other's presence. The end result is what you see in the images – two koalas that seem to genuinely enjoy each other's company. The photos of Max and Tucker have quickly gone viral on social media, with people from around the world commenting on the adorable bond. Some have even suggested that the two should be named "best friends" of the zoo, given their obvious affection for each other. While there are no plans to officially name them "best friends," the staff at Taronga Zoo are certainly enjoying watching the two koalas grow closer each day. They are an important part of the conservation efforts at the zoo, and their friendship could help encourage more social behavior among other koalas at the zoo. For now, though, the focus is on Max and Tucker, and the heartwarming bond that they have formed. It's a reminder that even in difficult times, there is still good in the world, and that the bonds we form with others – no matter what species they may be – can make all the difference.