article: A homophobic passenger at a Texas airport had to be subdued by a group of spectators on Thursday after he began bullying and assaulting a man waiting to board his flight. Footage on YouTube of the brawl at Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport shows a man teasing another passenger for wearing a pink shirt at Gate 30 in Terminal C. The unprovoked ringleader of the fight can be seen removing his jacket as he continues to shout at the man in the pink shirt. Scroll down for video . Aggression: The angered man (right) begins yelling homophobic slurs at a man (left) because he's wearing a pink shirt which he believes makes the man a homosexual . Assault: The crazed man then kicks the innocent passenger after calling him homophobic slurs . Team effort: Passengers along with airport security tackled the man so they could get him into cuffs . A concerned onlooker in a black cowboy hat then asks what the screaming man what he is so upset about. 'Queers is what I am upset about! This f****t right here!' said the man, motioning at the innocent man in the pink shirt. 'Show it up your a** man,' the attacker, who appeared intoxicated, yelled. The angered man then kicks the victim in the pink skirt and also hits him in the head, reports WTSP. Another passenger vehemently asks why the man attacked the man in the pink shirt completely unprovoked. 'You want me to tell you the reason why I did it? Because this is America, that's why. The same reason you get to live to breathe to walk black' he said with fury. Violent: Passengers say that the man appeared to be intoxicated and said he was acting like a crazy person . Arrested: Police arrested the man on Thursday but they would not disclose the man's identity . Dragged away: The violent man had to be dragged away from other passengers after attacking one in pink . Passengers captured the events on cell phone cameras and speculated as to why he was so angry at the man in the pink shirt. Some onlookers said they thought the attacker might be on some sort of drug that made him behave that way. 'That guy was crazy... absolutely crazy,' said Andrew Kennedy, who managed to capture footage of the event that later went viral. 'We saw a very troubled man, ‘said Kennedy's brother Andrew. 'We hope that he was under the influence of some kind of substance, because if he wasn't and that's his true personality, then he's going to have a long road in front of him.' Police have not openly identified the suspect in this case though an arrest was made on Thursday. As the man is being put into handcuffs he can be seen smiling into the camera.
highlights: A homophobic passenger at a Texas airport had to be subdued by a group of spectators on Thursday after he began bullying and assaulting a man . When passengers asked what the unidentified suspect was upset about he yelled 'queers' and kicked the man in a pink shirt and hit him in the head . 'You want me to tell you the reason why I did it? Because this is America, that's why. The same reason you get to live to breathe to walk black' the racist homophobic man said with fury . Spectators believe the suspect may have been under the influence of alcohol or drugs .
id: e35898d960d61ebd509cc8b0418e91cc117d414a
chatgpt: In a disturbing incident at a Texas airport, a man's homophobic and racist tirade led him to assault a fellow passenger on Thursday afternoon. The unidentified man began berating and insulting a man in a pink shirt, eventually kicking and hitting him. When asked why he was so upset, the assailant bellowed the word 'queers', making clear his prejudice. But the assailant's rant didn't end there. He continued his verbal assault on the man in the pink shirt and his fellow passengers, while eventually revealing his true motivations. "You want me to tell you the reason why I did it?" he asked. "Because this is America, that's why. The same reason you get to live to breathe to walk black." Thankfully, the attacker was eventually subdued by a group of other passengers who witnessed the incident. However, the experience was no doubt a traumatic one for those involved. Many have speculated that the assailant may have been under the influence of drugs or alcohol, which could explain his erratic and hateful behavior. Regardless of his motivations, however, the incident serves as a stark reminder of the ongoing battle against hate speech and discrimination. Unfortunately, incidents like this are becoming more common in the United States, where hate crimes are on the rise. According to a report by the FBI, there was a 17% increase in hate crimes in 2017, the highest level in over a decade. Fortunately, there are those who are willing to stand up against this kind of bigotry. In this case, it was the group of passengers who intervened and helped to subdue the attacker. Their bravery serves as a beacon of hope in a world that often seems deeply divided. Of course, subduing one misguided individual is not enough to solve the larger problem of racism, homophobia, and bigotry. But every act of solidarity and support helps to chip away at the walls that divide us. And as we continue to work together against hate, we can build a future that is more inclusive, more tolerant, and more just.