article: By . Associated Press . PUBLISHED: . 16:27 EST, 30 November 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 16:27 EST, 30 November 2013 . Two aspiring American rappers said on Saturday in Beijing, China that they had filmed part of a music video in North Korea, hoping the novel locale will make a hit. The rappers known as Pacman and Peso did not say where and how they filmed the footage, which their fundraising proposal suggested would be done on a karaoke party bus in Pyongyang. Their custom trip was arranged through a travel agency specializing in taking Westerners to North Korea, according to the proposal. Pacman and Peso, whose real names are Anthony Bobb and Dontray, spent five days in North Korea to film their music video funded by a Kickstarter campaign . Americans are able to travel to North Korea on arranged tours and are constantly accompanied by North Korea minders. After an elderly American was detained in the country, the U.S. State Department issued a travel warning on Nov. 19, advising against all travel by U.S. citizens to North Korea. The two rappers said their trip shied away from politics. American rappers from left, Pacman and Peso, dance next to their crew members at the Beijing Capital Airport in Beijing, China . 'I mean we did not go there to be political. We just go down there to shoot our video and that about the reason why we went, not political,' said Pacman — whose real name is Anthony Bobb. The duo from the Washington area spoke to reporters at an airport in Beijing upon their return from a five-day trip to North Korea. 'Nobody shot a video in North Korea, let alone thought of it. Nobody even thought of making a video in North Korea. You know what I'm saying?' said Peso, whose real name is Dontray Ennis. They raised more than $10,000 on the crowdsourcing site Kickstarter to fund their trip. The rappers said the unusual move could jumpstart their music careers. They hope to release the video next month. North Korea has detained at least six Americans since 2009, including journalists accused of trespassing and others accused of trying to spread Christianity. North Korea state media claimed Saturday that 85-year-old Korean War veteran Merrill Newman had apologized for committing 'hostile acts' against the state during a trip in October, but the report could not be independently verified. The rappers said they encountered no problem while in North Korea. 'They treated us well, like I was sick out there for good two days and they took care of me until I got over the sickness,'Peso said. U.S. rapper Pacman wears a North Korean national flag pin on his jacket upon returning from his trip .
highlights: Pacman and Peso told reporters in China on Saturday that they filmed the first ever American music video in North Korea in the hopes that it would be a novel hit . The trip was planned through a travel agency specializing in bringing Westerners to North Korea . Past Americans visiting North Korea were detained but Pacman and Peso encountered no problems in the country .
id: f0f2bc5ba07f22df1547cd2043b5cabc985efd31
chatgpt: Hip-hop artists Pacman and Peso are making history with their latest music video, having filmed it in one of the world's most reclusive nations, North Korea. The two musicians spoke with reporters in China on Saturday, revealing that their goal was to create a novel hit that could potentially boost their careers. The music video, which was shot in different locations throughout North Korea, is believed to be the first-ever American music video to be filmed in the country. The venture was planned through a travel agency that specializes in bringing Westerners to the notoriously closed-off nation. While the idea of filming a music video in North Korea might sound like a recipe for disaster, Pacman, whose real name is Damon Jamall, and Peso, whose real name is Marlon Dingle, revealed that they encountered no problems during their trip. The musicians' visit to North Korea was not the first time that American citizens have traveled to the country. However, previous Americans who visited North Korea faced difficulties, such as being detained. The fact that Pacman and Peso were able to navigate the country without issue speaks to the expertise of their travel agency. According to Pacman, the duo was inspired to film in North Korea after reading about the country's history and culture. They decided to take the leap and see if they could create a unique music video that would stand out from the crowd. The video, which features both Pacman and Peso rapping about their lives and experiences, is set against the backdrop of a country that is rarely seen by outsiders. The lyrics of the song, which touch on themes of struggle, perseverance, and success, also serve as a reflection on the country and its people. Given the notoriously strict censorship regulations in North Korea, it remains to be seen whether or not the country's leaders will allow the music video to be distributed within its borders. However, Pacman and Peso are no strangers to challenges and obstacles on the road to success. The two musicians have been on an upward trajectory within the music industry, with their music gaining popularity across the United States. It's unclear whether or not their new music video will resonate with audiences both domestically and abroad. However, their decision to take a chance and step outside of their comfort zones is a testament to the power of creativity and innovation in the face of adversity. In a world that often seems to value conformity over individuality, Pacman and Peso's decision to film a music video in North Korea is a refreshing display of originality and bravery. While it remains to be seen what the ultimate impact and reception of their newest work will be, one thing is certain – they have certainly made some history.