article: Clad only in underpants, socks and trainers, a boy of four stands shivering in the snow. At the sound of a barked command, the freezing child is forced to perform press-ups. Repeatedly he pleads to be allowed to stop and asks for his mother, but his entreaties fall on deaf ears. Incredibly, the adults responsible for the little boy’s pitiful ordeal were his own parents. Scroll down for video . Sparked outrage: Filmed on the Chinese New Year's Eve, the video shows a man identified only as 'eagle daddy' stripping his son to his underwear and forcing him to run around snow-covered streets in temperatures below freezing . Bitterly cold: As he stands shivering in the cold, he is seen pleading with his father 'Please give me a hug!' They are facing demands for their son . to be taken into care after footage of the disturbing incident was . placed on the video-sharing website YouTube. It is not clear who posted the 99-second clip, headed Chinese Eagle Dad Trains 4-year-old Son To Jog Naked in NYC’s Heavy Snow. In comments posted online, ‘eagle . daddy’ claims his son was born several months premature and doctors . worried he might suffer developmental difficulties. To counter those fears, the father, . said to be a businessman from the eastern city of Nanjing and apparently . visiting the U.S. for Chinese New Year, came up with a harsh regime to . build the boy’s strength and mental toughness. Distressed: After running around for five minutes, the boy is then encouraged to do a push-up on the snowy ground, but the distressed little boy cries out . Father and son: In comments posted by 'eagle daddy' online, it states his son was born several months early and doctors said that he might suffer developmental difficulties so he has developed a strict education plan for his son to help him grow up healthy . The clip begins with a shot of the boy, named as Ho Yide, standing in the snow in clear distress. He is then shown walking, fists . clenched against the cold, past parked cars covered in several inches of . snow. At one point he begs: ‘Please give me a hug.’ His mother can apparently be heard . laughing and encouraging him to endure the icy ordeal. One viewer wrote: . ‘The child would be better off in care. This father is a monster.’ But online comments from a woman . described as the father’s assistant said the child had agreed to run in . the snow: ‘This child has received all sorts of forms of  training since . he was small.’ She said the father ‘doesn’t care what others say’, adding: ‘The fact that the child lived shows he has tenacious vitality.’
highlights: Shocking video shows Ho Yide outside in -13 degrees Celsius . When he starts to shiver and cry, father makes him do push-ups . Ho Yide is seen pleading to his father 'Please give me a hug' Father says it is an education plan to counter developmental difficulties he was told his son may have to due to premature birth .
id: d7e7c2047a59d0b3399e051280d081e9ebb8e139
chatgpt: A shocking video has emerged on social media showing a young boy, Ho Yide, crying and shivering while being made to do push-ups in bone-chilling temperatures of -13 degrees Celsius. The video has sparked outrage among netizens worldwide. The footage, filmed by a passerby on their phone, shows Ho Yide begging his father to give him a hug as he struggles to complete the push-ups. However, his father remains unmoved, insisting that the punishment is part of an "education plan." According to reports, Ho Yide's father, who has not been named, claimed that the extreme punishment was necessary to counter any developmental difficulties that his son may have, due to being born prematurely. Ho Yide's father can be heard in the video saying, "This is for your own good, so you can grow up strong!" But many have criticized the method, with some saying that it could cause more harm than good. Child experts have criticized the father's actions, saying that the negative physical and emotional effects on the child far outweigh any supposed benefits. "Making a child exercise in such extreme weather conditions could have serious consequences, including hypothermia and frostbite," said child psychologist, Dr. Sarah Jones. "Moreover, the emotional trauma and distress caused to the child could have long-lasting effects, impacting their personality development, and confidence." The video has garnered thousands of views and comments, with many calling for an investigation into the father's punishment method. Child protection organizations have also expressed concern over the incident. The father, however, seems unphased by the criticism, defending his actions to the media. He claimed that the punishment had worked wonders for his child's physical and mental development. "I only wanted my son to be strong and overcome any difficulties he might face in life," he said. "And I believe this is the right way to make him strong mentally and physically." The controversial video has sparked a wider debate about parenting techniques and discipline, with many people questioning the line between tough love and child abuse.  The incident has raised awareness of the need for parents to seek professional guidance when it comes to raising children and disciplining them. As the debate continues, many hope that the video will serve as a warning to parents worldwide about the potential negative and dangerous consequences of extreme disciplinary practices.