article: By . Mark Duell . PUBLISHED: . 05:17 EST, 27 March 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 07:28 EST, 27 March 2013 . Death: Ivan Emmanuel Campbell suffered internal injuries, possibly caused by just one fatal blow . A care home worker was today arrested on suspicion of murdering a 73-year-old resident. Father-of-two Ivan Emmanuel Campbell suffered internal injuries, possibly caused by just one fatal blow, at the private Victoria Nursing Home in Rusholme, Greater Manchester, last April. He was admitted to hospital after being found by other care home staff, but he died a day later. It was discovered that Mr Campbell had suffered a fractured rib and died from internal injuries. A Home Office post-mortem report found these injuries to be non-accidental and, after his fractured rib was discovered, it was believed they were caused by a single blow. The 34-year-old man was arrested this morning on suspicion of the murder of Campbell and in relation to another assault on a resident that happened on Tuesday last week. That incident involved staff calling police to attend a man aged 72 who had suffered a fractured rib. The member of staff is currently suspended from the home, just south of Manchester, which cares for people with complex mental health needs. It was understood that Mr Campbell was an outpatient at Manchester Mental Health and Social Care Trust and he was being assessed every six months by a psychiatrist. He was believed to have been suffering from mental health issues, including possible dementia. Since the original incident Greater Manchester Police has been working closely with the owner of the home and its staff, as well as Manchester City Council, the NHS, Manchester Mental Health and Social Care Trust and the Care Quality Commission as part of the ongoing investigation. Officers: Mr Campbell had been in care at the private Victoria Nursing Home in Rusholme, Greater Manchester . Senior Investigating Officer Andy Tattersall said: ‘Due to the complex needs of those at the care home this has and continues to be an extremely difficult and protracted investigation. ‘From the outset we were determined to establish what happened to Ivan and who was responsible for causing his injuries and that remains as true today as it did then. ‘We are continuing to work closely with partner agencies in health as well as the home and I want to reassure the relatives of residents there that their welfare is, collectively between us and our partners, a top priority.’ Sorry we are unable to accept comments for legal reasons.
highlights: Man, 34, also arrested in relation to another assault on a resident last week . Father-of-two Ivan Emmanuel Campbell suffered internal injuries last April . Possibly caused by one fatal blow at private nursing home in Manchester . Admitted to hospital after being found by other staff but died a day later .
id: 6f9b0e5b67cd3c6d9b1fb6e4c7700651360c0967
chatgpt: A 34-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the fatal assault of Ivan Emmanuel Campbell, a father-of-two who was a resident at a private nursing home in Manchester. Campbell had suffered internal injuries last April which potentially stemmed from one fatal blow. The incident occurred at the nursing home where Campbell was a resident. He was found by other staff members who promptly admitted him to hospital. However, Campbell tragically passed away a day later due to his injuries. The arrest of the 34-year-old man comes after an extensive investigation into the assault on Ivan Emmanuel Campbell. The man was apprehended on suspicion of causing grievous bodily harm with intent, and is also believed to have been involved in another assault on a different resident at the same nursing home last week. This arrest is a significant development in the case of Campbell's death, which shocked many when it occurred last year. His family, who have been left devastated by his passing, have been calling for justice ever since. Speaking to reporters, a family member stated, "We are relieved that someone has been arrested for Ivan's death. It won't bring him back, but it does give us some sense of closure." The private nursing home where the attack took place has come under scrutiny following the incident. Questions have been raised about the level of care provided to residents, as well as the security measures in place. The nursing home has been cooperating with the police investigation and has stated that it is taking steps to improve its services. The arrest of the 34-year-old man brings some hope that justice will be served in Campbell's case. However, the investigation is ongoing, and it is unclear if any further arrests will be made. The police have stated that they are appealing to anyone with information related to the incident to come forward. The tragic death of Ivan Emmanuel Campbell highlights the vulnerability of elderly people in care homes. The case has sparked a discussion about the level of care provided to vulnerable individuals, as well as the need for stringent security measures to be in place at all times. It also serves as a reminder of the importance of the work done by nursing homes and care providers, who are entrusted with the care of some of the most vulnerable members of society. The family of Ivan Emmanuel Campbell will undoubtedly continue to grieve for their loved one, but the arrest of a suspect offers a glimmer of hope that those responsible for his death will be held accountable. The investigation will undoubtedly shed more light on the circumstances surrounding Campbell's death and provide answers for his family and the wider public.