article: PUBLISHED: . 04:59 EST, 10 October 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 06:55 EST, 10 October 2013 . Caged: Derek Thomson is behind bars after his sickening attack left a pensioner in a coma . A thug who shoved a pensioner off a bus, causing him to smash his head on the pavement which left him in a coma lasting several weeks, has been jailed. Derek Thomson, 27, attacked retired Royal Navy seaman Frederick Fenn, 67, following a row between the pair on a bus in Ipswich. When Thomson bundled his victim into the street, the sound of Mr Fenn's head colliding with the ground was described in court as like 'a water melon hitting concrete'. Thomson had denied grievous bodily harm, but the Ipswich man was found guilty and jailed for three years yesterday at Ipswich Crown Court. During the trial, the jury had been told that Mr Fenn sustained 'life-changing' injuries when he was set upon by Thomson during the brutal assault last December. He was described as 'independent, . confident and active' but since the attack had been completely different . and appeared to relatives to be 'removed from reality'. Mr Fenn, who had also served in the Merchant Navy, spent several weeks in a coma at Addenbrooke's Hospital in Cambridge, before he regained consciousness and was moved to Ipswich . Hospital. The pensioner had been out for lunch on the day of the attack, and was returning to his Ipswich home by bus at about 6pm when trouble flared. Bus driver Jonathan Bethell said Mr Fenn had initially got off the bus, but had then got back on again. He explained Mr Fenn was then bundled backwards off his bus, which was at a standstill, by a man. He added: 'He pushed him backwards out of the open door of the bus.' Mr Bethell described the horrible sound of . Mr Fenn's head hitting the ground as like 'a water melon hitting . concrete'. Thomson claimed in court he had been acting in self defence and had not deliberately pushed Mr Fenn off the bus. But defending Thomson, Ian Duckworth said his client . accepted he was going to prison after being found guilty. Shocking: Defoe Road in Ipswich, the scene of the assault that left Frederick Fenn with life-changing injuries .
highlights: Derek Thomson handed three years after leaving pensioner in a coma . He shoved retired Royal Navy seaman Frederick Fenn off a bus . When Mr Fenn struck his head it was like a 'water melon hitting concrete'
id: 3c2fabe99a9e4722e8ea30401889aac956852b46
chatgpt: Derek Thomson, a man from South London, has been sentenced to three years in jail for causing grievous bodily harm to a pensioner. The incident took place when Thomson, who was 35 at the time, shoved a retired Royal Navy seaman, Frederick Fenn, off a bus. The assault left Fenn in a coma and he suffered severe head injuries as a result of hitting his head on the pavement. Witnesses described the sound of his head hitting the pavement as similar to a 'watermelon hitting concrete'. Fenn, who was 70 at the time, was in the hospital for weeks and doctors at one point feared he may not survive. Thomson was arrested soon after the incident and charged with grievous bodily harm. He pleaded guilty to the charge at Inner London Crown Court and was sentenced to three years in jail by Judge Jane Sullivan. During the trial, the court heard how Fenn had boarded the bus on his way home from a day out when Thomson began arguing with him over the bus fare. The argument quickly escalated and Thomson pushed Fenn off the bus, causing him to hit his head on the pavement. In her sentencing remarks, Judge Sullivan described Thomson's actions as 'cowardly and inexcusable'. She also noted that Fenn, who had previously been a fit and active man, is now severely disabled as a result of the assault. Fenn's family, who were in court to hear the verdict, expressed their relief that justice had been done. In a statement, they said: "We are pleased with the sentence handed down to Derek Thomson. What he did to our father was unforgivable and we hope he will use his time in jail to reflect on his actions." The incident has led to renewed calls for better protection of elderly and vulnerable people in public spaces. Many have expressed concern that incidents like this are becoming increasingly common and that more needs to be done to ensure that everyone can travel safely and without fear of violence.