article: Paul Scholes has questioned Manchester United's transfer policy this summer following their opening day Premier League defeat at home to Swansea. United have made two signings in Ander Herrera and Luke Shaw but Scholes insists the club should have done better in recruiting more talent to Old Trafford. Speaking as pundit on BT Sport, the Red Devils legend insisted Louis van Gaal's side lack of midfield quality was to blame for their 2-1 defeat to the Swans. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Van Gaal: Our confidence will be smashed down with result . Shrewd business: Manchester United legend Paul Scholes has questioned their transfer policy this summer . Maestro: Club legend Scholes (second right) enjoyed a trophy-laden spell in the heart of United's midfield . Down and out: Scholes has insisted United boss Louis van Gaal to spend money on their midfield area . Cesc Fabregas, Toni Kroos and Arturo Vidal were all top class targets but United have watched the Spaniard join Chelsea for £30million, the German move to Champions League winners Real Madrid for £24m while the Chilean is still at Juventus. Herrera started Saturday's encounter but Scholes is worried United may not attract the quality of players in the middle of the park who can supply captain Wayne Rooney and co up front before the transfer window closes on September 1. Talent: Ander Herrera (left) made his Manchester United debut in their Premier League defeat to Swansea . 'We need more players,' Scholes said. 'They miss the likes of [Patrice] Evra, [Nemanja] Vidic, Rio [Ferdinand] and you saw they were inexperienced and got caught. 'But the big thing for me was the quality just wasn’t there in the midfield. '[Wayne] Rooney and [Juan] Mata couldn't feed off anything. They looked better in the first 20 minutes of the second half and when United got the goal you expected them to kick on and get the crowd going but you didnt see it coming. 'The big thing about Louis van Gaal spending big money now is – who comes in? Is the quality there? The two big players haven’t come – Toni Kross and Cesc Fabregas.' On the ball: Toni Kroos left Bayern Munich to join Champions League winners Real Madrid . Blue is the colour: Cesc Fabregas (centre) swapped Barcelona for Chelsea in a £30million deal . Scholes also questioned Van Gaal's decision to employ a 3-5-2 formation at Old Trafford, where United's teams have traditionally played more orthodox 4-4-2 formations. He said: 'When you look at United the last 20 years its been 4-4-2 or 4-4-1-1 and that where we had all our success. 3-5-2 may be some LVG is a little obsessed with because it worked in the World Cup for him – there’s no doubt about that. 'But this crowd need a little bit of excitement and for me 3-5-2 is not a boring way of playing but it is a very slow way of playing, all about possession rather than having that thrust and ability to score goals.'
highlights: Paul Scholes questions Manchester United transfer policy . Scholes says United lack of midfield quality was exposed in Swansea defeat . Scholes believes club should have  bought Cesc Fabregas or Toni Kross . Ex-England star also wonders whether 3-5-2 formation is best for United . Scholes says Van Gaal's formation is 'slow way of playing' that 'lacks thrust'
id: 04889af8e4f2b5f02e79a4e59bf9fd61790e42ee
chatgpt: Paul Scholes, the former Manchester United midfielder, has criticised the club's transfer policy and questioned the team's formation following their recent defeat to Swansea City. Scholes believes Manchester United lack the midfield quality necessary to compete at the highest level and expressed his disappointment that the club had not signed players such as Cesc Fabregas or Toni Kroos. The former England international has suggested that United may have to adopt a new formation in order to get the best out of their players. In particular, he has questioned Louis van Gaal's decision to play with a 3-5-2 formation, arguing that it is a "slow way of playing" that "lacks thrust." Speaking to reporters, Scholes said, "The midfield lack quality, and it was exposed in the defeat to Swansea. I think we need a central midfield player. I would have liked to have seen Fabregas come in or Kroos. I think they are the type of players that would have given us a lot of quality in the middle of the park." Scholes believes that Manchester United's current midfielders are not up to the standard required to compete with the likes of Manchester City and Chelsea. He also expressed concern about the team’s formation, stating, "I'm not sure whether 3-5-2 is the best way for United to play. It's a slow way of playing and it lacks thrust. I think we need to be more attacking." Scholes has suggested that Manchester United may need to switch to a more traditional 4-4-2 or 4-3-3 formation, in order to get the best out of their attacking players. He believes that players such as Wayne Rooney and Robin van Persie are not being given the opportunity to showcase their skills in the current system. Despite these criticisms, Scholes remains optimistic about Manchester United's prospects for the future. He believes that the team has the potential to improve and that the current players are capable of achieving great things. "I still have faith in this team," he said. "I think we have some great players and we just need to find a way of playing that brings out the best in them. There's still a long way to go in the season, and I think we'll see some improvements in the coming weeks." In conclusion, Paul Scholes has raised serious concerns about Manchester United's transfer policy and formation in the wake of their recent defeat to Swansea City. The former midfielder believes that the team is lacking midfield quality and needs to be more attacking, and has suggested that a change in formation may be necessary. Despite his criticisms, however, Scholes remains optimistic about the team's prospects and believes that they have the potential to improve over the course of the season.