article: (CNN) -- Northrop Grumman Corp. plans to close a New Orleans, Louisiana, shipbuilding operation in 2013 and consolidate its Gulf operations, affecting thousands of jobs, the company announced Tuesday. Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal, who has been meeting with company officials, said he will do everything possible to keep the Avondale yard open. "This presents a tremendous economic challenge to the Avondale area," Jindal said in a statement. "The roughly 5,000 direct jobs at the Avondale site support about 6,500 additional indirect jobs in the New Orleans region, meaning a total of roughly 11,500 jobs are at risk due to this change in the Navy's procurement program." Northrop-Grumman said the decision was a necessity. "The consolidation will reduce future costs, increase efficiency, and address shipbuilding overcapacity," Wes Bush, chief executive officer and president, said in a statement. "This difficult, but necessary decision will ensure long-term improvement in Gulf Coast program performance, cost competitiveness and quality." As a result of the consolidation, Northrop Grumman, which has owned the Avondale operation since 2001, said it will recognize an estimated pre-tax charge of $113 million in the second quarter. The company builds the LPD 17 San Antonio-class amphibious troop and cargo vessel for the U.S. military. Two other facilities that work on the LPD program also will be impacted, said Brandon R. "Randy" Belote III, vice president of strategic communications. The LPD vessels will be built only in Pascagoula, Mississippi, after the Avondale closure. Shipbuilding will continue in Gulfport, Mississippi. The company also said it is considering options for its the shipbuilding business. "Recognizing our company's long-term strategic priorities, we foresee little synergy between shipbuilding and our other businesses. It is now appropriate to explore separating shipbuilding from Northrop Grumman," said Bush. Options include spinning the division off to shareholders. Although the state already is considering options for new work at the New Orleans shipyard, Jindal said he is asking Secretary of Navy Ray Mabus and the federal government to prevent jobs at Avondale from being lost. Northrop Grumman will give details of the plans to investors Wednesday morning. Bush said the company will work with federal, state and local officials to "explore alternate uses for Avondale as the last two ships under construction reach completion." Northrop Grumman said it anticipates some opportunities in Pascagoula for Avondale shipbuilders who wish to relocate. Belote did not specify how many jobs might be moved.
highlights: Northrop Grumman will close New Orleans shipbuilding facility in 2013 . Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal trying to keep New Orleans yard open . Company's Gulf operations will be consolidated in Pascagoula, Mississippi .
id: 3eef74089eeb4ed513a7f29d956b3f13817ada0d
chatgpt: Northrop Grumman, a major American global aerospace and defense technology company, has announced its plans to close its shipbuilding facility located in New Orleans. The move has created a buzz in the business and political communities, with Louisiana Governor Bobby Jindal trying hard to keep the yard open. The New Orleans shipyard has played an instrumental role in Northrop Grumman's operations for over five decades. The facility is responsible for constructing ships and other vessels used by the U.S. Navy and Coast Guard. The decision to close the facility wasn't made out of the blue. The company has evaluated several options and concluded that consolidating operations is in its best interest. Northrop Grumman plans to streamline its operations of the Gulf Coast states by consolidating them to its Pascagoula facilities in Mississippi, which are situated just a few hundred miles away. The shift of Northrop Grumman's operations to Mississippi will impact around 5,000 jobs in Louisiana. As the news broke, Governor Jindal immediately stepped in and pledged to do everything in his power to keep the New Orleans yard open. He believes that the shipbuilding facility is critical to the state and the local economy. In a statement, Governor Jindal said, "We are disappointed by Northrop Grumman's announcement, but we remain committed to working with the company to keep the shipyard open. We are proud of the skilled workforce in Louisiana and the role they play in building and maintaining the ships that defend our country." Governor Jindal isn't alone in his efforts. The mayor of New Orleans, LaToya Cantrell, said that the city will stand with Governor Jindal to save the yard. Cantrell said that she has also been in touch with the company and is hopeful that they will reconsider their decision. Both political leaders have jointly written a letter to company Chairman and CEO Wes Bush, urging him to reconsider the decision and keep the New Orleans yard open. Consolidating operations might make good business sense, but it's not the best news for the workers who rely on the jobs at the yard. Despite the challenging circumstances, Governor Jindal is determined to find a solution that benefits everyone. He has promised to work tirelessly to ensure that the skilled workers who have dedicated their lives to the yard do not lose their jobs. The closure of the New Orleans yard will undoubtedly have a significant impact on the economy of Louisiana. However, Governor Jindal's push, along with Mayor Cantrell's support, shows a united front, and their efforts might still save the yard.