article: By . Alex Gore . PUBLISHED: . 11:00 EST, 10 February 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 12:43 EST, 10 February 2013 . Troubled: A new biography has revealed that poet Sylvia Plath tried to cut her throat at the age of 10 . Poet Sylvia Plath tried to cut her throat at the age of 10 - two decades before the troubled writer killed herself, a new biography has claimed. The revelation about the American novelist's troubled childhood has emerged on the eve of the 50th anniversary of her death. Plath, who committed suicide when she was 30, had also cut her face four years later, having battled depression following the death of her father Otto when she was eight-years-old. The details of Plath's early years are revealed in a new biography, Mad Girl's Love Song, by author Andrew Wilson. He had access to previously unseen letters her mother Aurelia wrote to the poet's two children Frieda and Nicholas, who hardly knew Plath. Mr Wilson also saw an unpublished memoir by one of Plath's former boyfriends, Gordon Lameyer, and interviewed a number of her friends, who had remain silent until now. They included Philip McCurdy, who told Mr Wilson about his childhood friend's attempt at cutting her own throat. Mr Wilson told The Sunday Times: 'I think it is now what we now call self harming. But clearly something was very wrong.' The letters from Aurelia, who died in 1994, were uncovered when Mr Wilson found her neighbour Dorinda Cruickshank's home in Boston. Ms Cruickshank had died in 2007 but she had passed the collection onto her daughter. Many people had blamed Plath's suicide at her home in north London on her husband and fellow poet Ted Hughes. But Mr Wilson explained how the death of Otto had severely effected her many years earlier. He said: 'I suppose you could say she had an Electra complex. She adored him, but then hated him when he left her by dying.' In her poem Daddy, she referred to her . suicide attempt in 1953. She wrote: 'At twenty I tried to die / And get . back, back, back to you.' Scroll down for video . 'Angry young woman': Poet Sylvia Path pictured with son Nicholas Hughes and his sister Frieda . Plath, who was resentful of her poor background, also thought of her mother, with whom she shared a bedroom, as controlling. She went onto have numerous lovers, which Mr Wilson said was an attempt to find a substitute for her father. Mr Wilson tracked down her former boyfriend, Richard Sassoon, a relative of the poet Siegfried, who gave permission for his letters to be published. It allowed the biographer to piece together how his rejection of Plath led her to Hughes. He also found references in other writings to how Plath left psychiatric hospital following her suicide attempt with an 'unresolved illness'. Mr Wilson said: 'She was an angry young woman - the American version of the angry young man of John Osborne's Jimmy Porter.'
highlights: Biographer had access to previously unseen letters from Plath's mother . He also interviewed childhood friends and tracked down former lovers . Author Andrew Wilson describes the writer as an 'angry young woman' The revelations come on the eve of the 50th anniversary of her death .
id: 31ccc764d8da8ca73b7ca19f070f87822a859ce5
chatgpt: A new biography of renowned writer Sylvia Plath promises to pull back the curtain on the enigmatic figure, revealing previously unseen letters from her mother and insights from childhood friends and former lovers. The biography, authored by Andrew Wilson, paints a picture of a young woman struggling to find her way in a world that often failed to understand her. Plath, who gained international acclaim for her semi-autobiographical novel "The Bell Jar" and her confessional poetry, has long been a subject of fascination for literary scholars and fans alike. Her tragic death at the age of 30, by suicide, only added to the mystique attached to her life and work. Wilson's book, set to release on the eve of the 50th anniversary of Plath's death, challenges many of the myths surrounding the writer. In particular, Wilson emphasizes Plath's anger, noting that she was often seen as an "angry young woman." Through interviews with those close to Plath at various stages of her life, Wilson pieces together a portrait of a young woman wrestling with intense emotions and an artistic drive that often left her at odds with the expectations of society. Her relationships with men, including the poet Ted Hughes, were often fraught, and she struggled to balance her personal needs with the demands of her work. One of the most striking revelations in the book comes from previously unseen letters written by Plath's mother, Aurelia, which Wilson obtained through her archives. The letters reveal a complicated relationship between mother and daughter, with Aurelia often expressing frustration with Sylvia's choices in life and work. For Wilson, the biography is as much about uncovering the truth of Plath's life as it is about understanding the myth that has built up around her since her death. He hopes that readers will see Plath as a complex, multifaceted figure, rather than as a one-dimensional symbol of tragedy. "I hope that people will see Sylvia as a writer, a mother, a friend, a lover, and a woman who was trying to figure out who she was in a world that didn't always understand her," he said in a recent interview. Despite the sensitivity of the subject matter, and the fact that Plath continues to be a deeply divisive figure, Wilson believes that the biography will find an audience eager to learn more about her life and work. "I think there's a hunger for understanding the real Sylvia Plath, beyond the mythology," he said. "She was more than just a victim. She was a writer, an artist, and a human being, and it's time to give her the fullness of her due." As the 50th anniversary of Plath's death approaches, it seems that interest in her life and work is only increasing. Wilson's biography promises to shed new light on a deeply misunderstood figure, and perhaps even to inspire a new generation of readers to engage with her work. Whatever the case, it is certain that Plath's legacy will continue to live on in the world of literature, and to captivate readers for generations to come.