article: By . Steve Nolan . PUBLISHED: . 09:17 EST, 16 December 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 09:17 EST, 16 December 2012 . Worried: Colleen Robson was pictured smiling as she arrived at Darlington Crown Court for sentencing . A woman who glassed a former friend leaving her needing a fragment of glass removed from her head walked free from court after a judge spared her a jail term. Colleen Robson attacked Charlene Pulford in Harvey's Bar, Darlington, back in June leaving her needing seven stitches in a three inch wound in the top of her head. She had arrived at court with a suitcase expecting a jail term, and though her barrister told the judge she was 'worried' about a custodial sentence, Robson appeared to be smiling outside before sentencing. And despite having avoided prison for an almost identitcal offence involving a glass in a pub four years ago, Robson, 27, was handed a suspended sentence and ordered to do community service. In a victim statement Miss Pulford, 30, told how the attack left her feeling sickened and shocked at what her one time lodger was capable of. Robson was ordered to do 200 hours community service and to pay £300 in compensation after admitting the attack. Sentencing Robson, Judge Gillian Matthews QC, said: 'It was unpleasant and it is serious - using a weapon in a public place causing a wound merits custody. 'I have had to pause long and hard to consider this. When you walked into the dock this morning, I was very clear I would be sending you to custody. 'Taking into account all the positive factors I know about you and that this was not a prolonged indcident, I can suspend the sentence of imprisonment.' Robson's barrister Dan Cordley said that the though of jail had 'worried her greatly'. He told the judge that Robson cares for her disabled mother and brother and provided references which 'give an indication of another side to her.' Free: Colleen Robson, 27, was spared jail at Teesside Crown Court, pictured . The court heard how the two women fell out about two years ago and Robson's attempts via Facebook to rekindle the friendship were rebuffed. Since the incident, she has been barred from pubs and clubs, and Mr Cordey said: 'She has willingly abided by that. She realises it has got her into trouble.' He added: 'If she doesn't go to custody today, Colleen Robson knows it will be by the skin of her teeth and that there will be no further chances.'
highlights: Colleen Robson left Charlene Pulford needing stitches to a three inch gash on the top of her head after the attack in Darlington . Despite having committed an almost identical offence four years previously, Robson was given community service and a fine . The court heard how Robson cares for her disabled mother and brother .
id: fc4f5cad7eb7ad8963a38486bb7804979ba63a55
chatgpt: Darlington woman Colleen Robson has been sentenced to community service and a fine after leaving another woman with a three inch gash on the top of her head. The attack took place in Darlington in what prosecutors described as an unprovoked assault on Charlene Pulford. Pulford required stitches to the wound after the incident, which left her shaken and afraid to go out alone. Despite having committed a similar offence four years ago, Robson escaped with a lighter sentence this time around. The court heard how she cared for her disabled mother and brother, which may have influenced the judge's decision. However, many have criticised the decision as being too lenient given Robson's past record of violence. Some have pointed out that the victim may now be forced to pay for her own medical treatment, as the community service sentence may not operate as an adequate punishment. Speaking outside the court, Pulford expressed her disappointment at the verdict. "I'm just glad that I'm alive and that nothing worse happened," she said. "But it's hard to feel safe when someone who has been violent before is let off with just a slap on the wrist." The case raises serious questions about the justice system's ability to respond to repeated incidents of domestic violence. Critics have argued that community service alone is not sufficient to deter offenders with a history of violent behaviour. Others have suggested that more support needs to be provided for those caring for disabled family members, in order to prevent them from resorting to violence in the first place. However, these solutions are unlikely to address the immediate concerns of victims such as Pulford. The sentencing of Colleen Robson will continue to be a matter of debate and scrutiny in the weeks and months to come. It remains to be seen whether stronger action will be taken in the future to prevent similar incidents from occurring in the future.