article: By . Lawrence Booth . Follow @@the_topspin . All-rounder Chris Jordan may be a nippy seamer, hard-hitting No 8 and slip fielder, but he is also theembodiment of England’s future and an oblique reminder of their past. Jordan, who is set to win his first Test cap for England against Sri Lanka at Lord’s on Thursday, was born in Barbados in 1988 — the summer in which two of his heroes, Curtly Ambrose and Courtney Walsh, took 34 wickets as West Indies beat England 4-0. Now, the player, who was welcomed to English cricket when he won a scholarship at Dulwich College in 2006, will be given the chance to dish out Caribbean-style chin music against batsmen reared on the soporific pitches of Asia. Debut: Chris Jordan is set to earn his first Test cap for England against Sri Lanka at Lord's on Thursday . Unmoved: Jordan says the 'bit of chat' between cricketers on the pitch 'doesn't faze' him . On the two paciest pitches in the recent one-day series, which Sri Lanka won 3-2, Jordan claimed 3-25 at The Oval and 5-29 at Old Trafford. England won both games and Jordan is more than happy to repeat the dose in the two-Test series at Lord’s and Headingley. ‘If the bounce is there to exploit, we’ll try to do so,’ he said. ‘It’s something we’ve spoken about, and it worked quite well.’ Jordan’s performance at The Oval, where he tested out Sri Lanka’s lower order in particular, earned him an earful in the next game at Chester-le-Street, where England were skittled for 99. ‘As I came out to bat, I got surrounded and there was a bit of chat,’ he said. ‘But that stuff doesn’t faze me.’ Aged just 25, Jordan already has a self sufficient streak that bodes well. As a youngster watching West Indies play at Bridgetown’s Kensington Oval, he would provide throwdowns after stumps for Brian Lara. And when Bill Athey, the former England opener who lured him to Dulwich, came calling, the teenage Jordan’s response was to look up the school on the web to see what lay in store. He was impressed. ‘I was always ambitious and open-minded,’ he said. ‘I relished the opportunity to further my game.’ Sussex signed him ahead of the 2013 season, and he has never looked back as he set about reaching a series of targets. ‘I want to develop my fielding, my slip catching, my range-hitting, my death bowling,’ he added. Sri Lanka be warned. Familiar: England cricket fans will be hoping to see Jordan celebrating again against Sri Lanka . Celebration: Jordan takes the wicket of Sri Lanka's Kumar Sangakkara during the third ODI at Old Trafford . LV= are recognising and promoting young cricketing talent through their Breakthrough Player campaign. Follow @LV_Cricket for competition news and updates, and to vote for your Breakthrough Player.
highlights: Chris Jordan will win his first Test cap for England against Sri Lanka at Lord's on Thursday . Jordan: 'If the bounce is there to exploit, we'll try to do so'
id: c7944aa93d4a0a42246bccc79e9adfdffb0dbc6c
chatgpt: England will hand bowler Chris Jordan his debut Test cap against Sri Lanka at Lord's on Thursday. The news was confirmed by England's captain Joe Root, who praised the 31-year-old's work ethic and attitude in training. Jordan's inclusion in the team comes as one of three changes to the side that lost to New Zealand in their previous Test. Jordan, who already plays for England in limited overs cricket, will be looking to make an immediate impact on his first outing in the longer format of the game. Speaking to reporters ahead of the match, Jordan said he was excited for the opportunity and was relishing the chance to take on Sri Lanka's batsmen. "If the bounce is there to exploit, we'll try to do so," Jordan said. "We'll be focusing on what we can control and executing our plans to the best of our ability." Jordan's experience in white-ball cricket could be a key asset for England. With the introduction of the World Test Championship, there is a growing emphasis on teams being able to adapt to the different formats of the game. Jordan's ability to vary his pace and his skill with the white ball could translate well in the longer format. England are hoping to bounce back from their 1-0 series defeat to New Zealand in June. The defeat prompted some soul-searching within the squad, with many questioning the team's approach to Test cricket. However, Root has called on his players to focus on the present and not get caught up in past disappointments. "We've learnt some important lessons from our defeat to New Zealand," Root said. "But we're not dwelling on it. We're focusing on this match against Sri Lanka and putting everything into it." Sri Lanka arrive in England off the back of mixed form in Test cricket. They bounced back from a 2-0 series defeat to South Africa with a 1-1 draw against the West Indies. However, they have struggled on English soil in recent years, losing each of their last two Test series against England. For England, the return of Ben Stokes and Jos Buttler should provide a boost to the middle order. The duo missed the series defeat against New Zealand due to their involvement in the Indian Premier League. Meanwhile, Ollie Pope is set to bat at number six after impressing in the recent County Championship season. The pitch at Lord's is expected to be a typical English wicket, offering some assistance to the seamers early on before flattening out over the course of the match. However, with the weather set to be dry for the duration of the match, spin could also play a role in proceedings as the match wears on. With England looking to bounce back and Sri Lanka seeking to cause an upset, the stage is set for an intriguing Test series. All eyes will be on Jordan as he makes his debut, and England fans will be hoping he can make an immediate impact against Sri Lanka's batsmen.