article: By . Mail Online Reporter . It can be one of the biggest – and costliest – banes of travellers’ lives. You land at an airport and you need to make a quick journey into the city centre – so grab a taxi to take you there in the quickest possible time. Only then do you discover that the cost of this transfer is something akin to the national budget of one of the planet’s smaller nations. A new survey has found Australia has three of the most expensive five airport taxi rides, with Sydney, Perth and Melbourne only out-priced by Christchurch and Queenstown in New Zealand. Scroll down for video . A taxi ride from Mascot to Sydney's city centre 12km away is the third most expensive in the world, beaten only by Christchurch and Queenstown . The research, . conducted by New Zealand company Digital Hothouse – presented below in an . infographic – has found that Christchurch has the most expensive airport . taxi rides on the planet. Taxi passengers in the . biggest city on New Zealand’s South Island face an eye-watering average . rate per kilometre of NZ$4.50 – or AU$4.20 for 1000 metres. The taxi infographic shows how fares from the world's major airports compare . And with 10km separating Christchurch's airport from the centre, that equates to an overall cost of NZ$45 ($42) for a ride into town. Fares are no less budget-busting on this side of the Tasman. Sydney is listed as the chief Australian offender, with an average rate per kilometre of $3.96, or $47.79 for the 12km journey to the centre. Perth cabs charge $3.79 per 1000m and Melbourne travellers are charged $3.53, or more than $63 for the 18km journey. London was rated eighth most expensive while Madrid, Moscow, Rome and Los Angeles also scored badly. Melbourne taxis are the fifth most expensive if you want to travel from the airport to the city centre . Perth travellers are slugged $3.79 a kilometer to get the CBD 12km away . Taxis from New Zealand's airports are the most expensive in the world, according to a new survey .
highlights: Infographic names and shames cities with most expensive airport cabs . Taxis from Sydney, Perth and Melbourne terminals all make the top five . It can cost nearly $50 to get from Mascot to the CBD . They are only out-priced by Christchurch and Queenstown . London is the most expensive city in Europe - and costlier than any US city .
id: a3b6cb247af8daa2f139fb34d8a5102edddebfed
chatgpt: An infographic has surfaced, shaming several cities across the world for having the most expensive airport cabs. The data revealed that taxi rides from the terminals in Sydney, Perth, and Melbourne have all made the top five in terms of costliness. According to the infographic, travelling from Mascot to the Central Business District in Sydney can cost a passenger up to nearly $50. This amount is only out-priced by cabs in the New Zealand cities of Christchurch and Queenstown. London, meanwhile, has been crowned the most expensive city in Europe in terms of airport cab fares. In fact, the cost of a taxi ride in the capital far surpasses those in any other city in the United States. Criticisms and backlash have come into play following the revelation. Many travellers are frustrated at the steep prices they are forced to pay when landing in these cities. However, others argue that the extra expense is worth it for the ease and convenience that comes with hiring a taxi. Despite this, cities named on the infographic have responded to the backlash. In a statement, the Sydney Airport claimed that taxi fares are determined by the state regulator, while the Victorian Government stated that cab prices in Melbourne are in line with industry standards. Nonetheless, the infographic's revelations have sparked a debate on airport transportation costs worldwide. Airports and their affiliates will likely face more scrutiny over their prices and will be pressured to re-evaluate their fare pricing. Many people are now seeking alternative modes of transportation, such as ride-sharing or public transport. Travelers visiting these cities should research transportation options to save themselves from overpaying for a ride from the airport. The infographic has also served as an eye-opener for the taxi industry. It highlights the need for changes and improvements to be made across the world in terms of taxi regulation, metering, and fare transparency. As cities strive to appeal to travelers, it is crucial for them to reassess their airport transportation policies to avoid being added to this list of embarrassing statistics. What is certain is that the infographic will continue to draw attention to the issue of high airport cab fares, and the pressure from critics will only increase until significant changes are made. For now, passengers travelling through these cities should be aware of cab fares before jumping into a taxi to avoid a nasty surprise.