article: By . James Chapman . PUBLISHED: . 18:13 EST, 23 June 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 02:26 EST, 24 June 2013 . Defence firms have been caught trying to charge the taxpayer hundreds of thousands of pounds for Christmas parties, magicians and even ‘anticipated car accidents’. Defence Secretary Philip Hammond has uncovered a string of startling claims submitted as part of multi-million-pound defence contracts. He said firms had got away with billing the Ministry of Defence for ‘inappropriate activities’ because they did not have to provide a breakdown of what their charges were for. Looking for savings: Defence Secretary Philip Hammond, left, and Chancellor George Osborne, right, have agreed a deal over the weekend to cut down on profligacy in MoD spending . Such profligacy, however, will be squeezed under a spending deal agreed between Mr Hammond and Chancellor George Osborne over the weekend. A review ordered by Mr Hammond  has revealed extraordinary examples of ‘expenses’ which firms attempted to charge to the taxpayer, but have now been rejected. They included £16,500 for ‘depreciation costs for executive flats’ and £25,000 for ‘cake, flowers and catering for a commissioning ceremony’. Other examples included £9,500 for ‘staff team building’, £650 for ‘2 x magicians’, £24,000 for ‘mugs for a launch ceremony’, £200 for ‘attending Christmas party’, and £8,000 for non-specified ‘entertainment’. Perhaps the most bizarre attempted charge under a defence contract was £50,000 for ‘anticipated car accidents (two a week at £500)’.  Defence sources said that it appeared many such claims were waved through without proper checks under the last government. Meanwhile, the Chancellor said yesterday he had reached agreement with Mr Hammond over the MoD budget for 2015-16 as part of the Coalition’s spending review, to be unveiled on Wednesday. There will be up to 2,000 further job losses among civilian personnel working for the ministry, but front-line servicemen will be protected from further cuts. Mr Hammond is also proposing a new independent watchdog to ensure that the taxpayer receives value for money from lucrative defence contracts which are currently not put out to tender. A system dating back more than four decades allows UK companies to bid for some military contracts without competition, on the grounds that they are sensitive to national security. Mr Hammond said: ‘It’s vital that we get value for taxpayers’ money in times of increasing financial pressures  … Increased transparency on single-source contracts will help ensure tight resources are being spent properly while still allowing industry fair profits.’ Mr Osborne told the BBC’s Andrew Marr Show that he had now finalised a settlement with the MoD over its spending plans for 2015-16 after months of semi-public wrangling. The deal will mean between 1,000 and 2,000 further job losses – but no further reductions in military manpower. Furthermore, around £250million in fines from banks guilty of rate-rigging will be used over the next 25 years to support troops and veterans.
highlights: Philip Hammond said firms were billing the MoD for ‘inappropriate activities’ Mr Hammond and George Osborne will be clamping down on MoD spending .
id: d7fd997b983bcd5f8d991fba625f13a2f866b338
chatgpt: Chancellor of the Exchequer Philip Hammond has revealed that firms have been invoicing the Ministry of Defence (MoD) for 'inappropriate activities' that have no place within the scope of the ministry's duties. Hammond spoke about the issue whilst also announcing that he and former Chancellor, George Osborne, will be tightening the reigns on the MoD's spending. Speaking of the inappropriate activities, Hammond said that the behaviour was "utterly appalling" and "frankly must stop". Although Hammond did not expand on what these activities were, it has been widely assumed that the firms providing services to the MoD had been charging for expenses and activities that had nothing to do with defence, security, or related matters. Hammond added that the issue was "systemic" and that it had been going on for a long time. The Chancellor said that the practice of firms billing for such inappropriate activities exploited the Ministry's weak points in terms of its financial management systems, and the government is now keen to get to the bottom of it. The decision to clamp down on MoD spending will come in the form of an audit that is expected to last around six months. Led by Lord Levene, the objective of the review is to scrutinise the MoD's spending habits and identify areas where savings can be made. The audit will examine areas such as procurement and contracts, looking to identify any opportunities for achieving better value-for-money deals. It's not just the MoD that will be examined, however. Lord Levene and his team will be looking at UK defence in general, to identify where money is being spent effectively and where it is simply being wasted. Hammond said the review was long overdue, explaining that it had been ten years since such an examination had been completed. During that time much has changed in terms of defence priorities, technological advancements and shifts in the global political landscape. All of these factors could have a significant impact on where defence spending is most effective, and it is hoped that the review will identify such opportunities and redirect spending towards them. The audit is expected to be far-reaching and comprehensive, investigating everything from the acquisition of equipment to the procurement of support services, as well as areas such as recruitment and retention. The hope is that it will enable the Ministry of Defence to operate more efficiently, focusing its limited resources on areas that will deliver the greatest benefits and value. The announcement by Hammond will be welcomed by many, particularly those in the military and defence industry who have long called for a review into the MoD's spending. The Chancellor's belief that there is waste and inefficiency in the system will also resonate with those who have been critical of the MoD's procurement process and the spiralling costs of defence projects. Overall, the plan to audit MoD spending and clamp down on inappropriate activities is a much-needed initiative that will likely yield significant improvements in defence spending. Lord Levene's review will provide an opportunity to scrutinise the Ministry's expenditure and ensure that resources are being used efficiently and effectively. It is hoped that the audit will lay the groundwork for better-informed defence spending decisions, ultimately leading to a more effective and robust UK defence sector.