article: (EW) -- Daniel Tosh isn't the sort of comedian who typically apologizes for anything. His hit Comedy Central series "Tosh.0" frequently explores potentially offensive territory with jokes that some would consider misogynistic or racist, and that his fans find hilarious. But it seems Tosh firmly strayed over the line during a recent live appearance. The comedian tweeted an apology and a link to a blogger's account of his recent stand-up performance. "All the out of context misquotes aside, I'd like to sincerely apologize," Tosh wrote. The original anonymous "friend of a friend" account would be too sketchy to use for a source if not for Tosh's tweet acknowledging there is some substance to it. So keeping in mind that Tosh says he was misquoted, the original account was by a female audience member who says she was unfamiliar with Tosh's act when she caught his performance at the Hollywood Laugh Factory. She claims, "Tosh [started] making some very generalizing, declarative statements about rape jokes always being funny, how can a rape joke not be funny, rape is hilarious." The audience member felt "provoked" and says she yelled out, "Actually, rape jokes are never funny!" Continues the account: "After I called out to him, Tosh paused for a moment. Then, he says, 'Wouldn't it be funny if that girl got raped by like, 5 guys right now? Like right now? What if a bunch of guys just raped her...' and I, completely stunned and finding it hard to process what was happening but knowing I needed to get out of there, immediately nudged my friend, who was also completely stunned, and we high-tailed it out of there ... I should probably add that having to basically flee while Tosh was enthusing about how hilarious it would be if I was gang-raped in that small, claustrophobic room was pretty viscerally terrifying..." Tosh tweeted: "The point I was making before I was heckled is there are awful things in the world but you can still make jokes about them," then added: "On a lighter note tonight's new episode of Tosh.0 will be featuring clowns." Comedy Central had no comment. See full story at EW.com. CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly . © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. All rights reserved.
highlights: Comic Daniel Tosh has tweeted an apology for a recent stand-up appearance . Tosh says alleged comments about rape were taken out of context . The comedian was performing at the Hollywood Laugh Factory .
id: 359f0f8d046b475e856597bdf5634ed4cff3b6fd
chatgpt: Comedian Daniel Tosh has issued an apology via Twitter for a recent stand-up appearance at the Hollywood Laugh Factory. Tosh's apology comes in response to allegations that he made offensive comments about rape during his set. However, the comedian claims that his comments were taken out of context. The controversy began when an audience member took to her blog to share her experience at the show. She claimed that Tosh made a joke about how it would be funny if she were to be raped by "like, five guys right now." The woman stated that the audience was shocked and that Tosh continued to joke about rape for the remainder of his set. Tosh's apology on Twitter read, "All the out of context misquotes aside, I'd like to sincerely apologize. The point I was making before I was heckled is there are awful things in the world but you can still make jokes about them." The comedian's apology has sparked mixed reactions on social media. Some fans have come to his defense, stating that Tosh is known for pushing boundaries with his humor. Others have criticized the comedian for making light of a serious issue. Many are questioning whether Tosh's apology is enough to make up for the alleged offense. The Hollywood Laugh Factory has not issued a statement on the matter. The issue of sexual assault and rape has been a hot topic in recent years, particularly in the wake of the #MeToo movement. Many entertainers have faced backlash for making jokes or comments that trivialize this important issue. This incident has once again brought to light the fact that comedians and other public figures must be mindful of their words and the impact they can have. While some argue that comedy should be a safe space for offensive humor, others believe that there are certain subjects that should be off-limits. In any case, it remains to be seen how this incident will affect Tosh's career moving forward. The comedian has built a dedicated following over the years, but this controversy may have damaged his reputation in the eyes of some. Only time will tell whether he will be able to bounce back from this controversy.