article: By . Helen Lawson . PUBLISHED: . 09:51 EST, 23 July 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 10:21 EST, 23 July 2012 . A prisoner sent a frightening letter to a woman saying she had to give him £50 - or he would get someone to rape her grandchildren. Joseph Harry Brown pretended to be another Durham Prison inmate when he wrote the letter to avoid checks on his outgoing mail. Victoria Lamballe, prosecuting, told Durham Crown Court how Brown said he knew people who were leaving prison all the time who would 'enjoy raping the woman's grandchildren'. A grandmother received a terrifying letter from Joseph Harry Brown, posing as another prisoner, which threatened to rape her grandchildren unless she sent him £50. (Posed by model) This letter was one of many unpleasant threats made by 41-year-old Brown, who is serving an indeterminate sentence for public protection (IPP). He had committed a series of offences since being refused parole - just some of the 113 offences on Brown's criminal record, which include arson assault and robbery. Brown once took another prisoner hostage by tying him up, assaulting him and setting fire to his cell. He set fire to another cell after being transferred to Preston Prison.Brown, of no fixed abode, admitted the charges of false imprisonment, making threats to kill, assault by beating, blackmail and two charges of arson. These charges took place between January and March this year.Brown did not attempt to defend the charges against him. Milena Bennett, defending, said: 'Unusually, my client instructs me he does not wish me to put forward on his behalf any matters in relation to the offences. HMP Preston: Brown will be detained indefinitely and will serve at least seven-and-a-half years. He will not be released until he is considered to no longer pose a danger to the general public . 'He accepts he committed these offences and knows he faces a lengthy sentence.' Judge Michael Cartlidge handed Brown another IPP and said the prisoner would not be considered for parole until he has served another seven-and-a-half years in jail. He said: 'It seems you think your life is hopeless after your parole was refused. 'That is a tragedy in itself. 'It also seems you are determined to spend the rest of your life in prison. 'You remain a danger to the public, and were I passing a determinate sentence it would have been 15 years.'
highlights: Joseph Harry Brown avoided checks on his mail by pretending to be another Durham Prison inmate . Brown, 41, has 113 offences on his criminal record .
id: dd165cf6df864933245fa634fb2b774adccbf474
chatgpt: Durham Prison has been the subject of controversy yet again after it emerged that an inmate successfully avoided checks on his mail by assuming the identity of another prisoner. Joseph Harry Brown, who has 113 offences on his criminal record, adopted the guise of another inmate in an attempt to evade detection of his activities. The 41-year-old was caught out by alert prison officials who noticed inconsistencies in his mail. Upon closer inspection, it became clear that Brown was pretending to be someone else in order to avoid scrutiny from authorities. The incident has raised concerns about the effectiveness of security measures at Durham Prison, which has been the scene of numerous high-profile incidents in recent years. The facility, which houses some of the country's most dangerous criminals, has been criticised in the past for its treatment of inmates and the standard of its facilities. Brown's latest stunt has only added fuel to the fire, with many calling for an urgent review of the prison's security protocols. Speaking to reporters, a spokesperson for Durham Prison said: "We take security very seriously, and any attempt to circumvent our procedures will be dealt with swiftly and decisively. We are investigating this incident and will be taking steps to ensure that it does not happen again." Despite the seriousness of his actions, Brown seemed unfazed by the latest development. In interviews with the media, he remained defiant, stating that he was simply doing what he had to in order to survive behind bars. Many have criticised Brown's cavalier attitude, arguing that his actions only serve to undermine the efforts of prison staff to maintain order and ensure the safety of inmates and staff alike. However, others have sympathised with Brown's predicament, pointing out that the prison system places considerable strain on those locked up within its walls. Whatever the rights and wrongs of the situation, one thing is clear: Durham Prison is facing another major challenge in its ongoing battle to maintain its reputation as a safe and secure environment for those incarcerated within its walls. Only time will tell what steps will be taken to address the latest breach in security, but one thing is certain: the public will be watching closely to see whether this is the beginning of the end for the beleaguered institution.