article: They met last summer in Ibiza and their friendship has recently blossomed into romance. And it's no wonder Barcelona football star Neymar seems smitten with his new girlfriend Soraja Vucelic after she was spotted showing off her amazing bikini body on Puro Beach in Tivat, Montenegro. The 28-year-old Serbian beauty - who is famous in her home country for appearing on Big Brother - donned a barely-there two-piece with a black and white striped pattern. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Bikini-clad Soraja Vucelic enjoying a ride on a segway . Soraja Vucelic is said to have swept footballer Neymar off his feet... and it's not hard to see why . Neymar (centre) celebrates with Barcelona team-mates Lionel Messi and Andres Iniesta . Soraja flaunted her toned stomach and perfectly proportioned curves as she splashed around in the shadows, milking her moment in the spotlight. The Brazil captain has reportedly been pulling out all the stops to keep his holiday romance with the tanned beauty alive. According to Belgrade-based tabloid Kurir, the couple have kept in touch via Skype since their initial Ibiza encounter. They had apparently agreed that Soraja would fly over to visit Neymar in Barcelona at the end of October, but then decided they couldn't wait that long. The football ace reportedly sent a private plane to fly her over to Spain for a visit, where she stayed for several days. Neymar in action for Brazil in their friendly against Austria earlier this week . Soraja ditched her bikini top as she frolicked in the sand on on Puro Beach in Montenegro . The beauty flashed her backside as she sauntered along the beach . The model  also uploaded a picture of herself wearing Neymar's Barca shirt in an airplane. Neymar was previously dating Brazilian beauty Bruna Marquezine, who was by his side during the 2014 World Cup. However, the pair reportedly called it quits in August. Soraja has shared several snapshots of her new man on social media . It seems Neymar is well and truly over his model and actress ex, Bruna Marquezine . VIDEO Dunga hints at having more confidence in Neymar .
highlights: Barcelona star met Vucelic last summer while on holiday in Ibiza . Neymar has been pulling out the stops to keep his holiday romance alive . Brazil ace is believed to have flown Serbian to Spain by private plane .
id: 9e0b69fb9e4b59cac4f1b04c0da6e23f9b19ab75
chatgpt: Barcelona star Neymar Jr had a chance encounter with Serbian model Soraja Vucelic while on holiday in Ibiza last summer. Since then, the Brazil ace has been pulling out all the stops to keep their holiday romance alive. Rumours of a potential relationship between Neymar and Vucelic have been circulating for some time now, and it seems that the footballer is serious about pursuing a future with the Serbian model. According to reports, he even flew her to Spain by private plane earlier this year. While the exact nature of their relationship remains a mystery, it is clear that Neymar is smitten with Vucelic. In fact, he is said to be doing everything he can to impress her, including showering her with gifts and taking her on lavish holidays around the world. Despite his busy schedule as one of Barcelona's star players, Neymar has made time for Vucelic, and the two have been spotted together on numerous occasions. The Brazilian footballer clearly values his time with the model and is keen to keep their relationship going strong. Of course, being a famous footballer comes with its challenges when it comes to relationships. Neymar has been linked with numerous women in the past, and the media spotlight can make it difficult for him to keep his personal life private. However, it seems that Neymar and Vucelic are determined to make their relationship work. Whether or not they are officially dating remains to be seen, but one thing is for certain – the Barcelona star is doing everything he can to keep his holiday romance alive. For now, Neymar remains focused on his football career, with Barcelona continuing to push for success in the Spanish and European leagues. However, it is clear that he has found a special connection with Vucelic, and the two appear to be enjoying spending time together whenever they can. Only time will tell if their holiday romance will blossom into something more serious, but for now, they seem to be having a great time exploring the world together.