article: Eman Abdou is the head of an organisation which has been accused of sending funds to terror group Islamic State . A registered not-for-profit group is denying it has ties to an extremist group in the Middle East, despite its members' association with Islamic State militants. Mothers and Children Fundraiser for Syria has been accused of sending its funds to the Middle East to aid the activities of the al-Qaeda off-shoot. The group is registered with Consumer Affairs Victoria and among its membership is Susan Dahman - the sister of a Northcote suicide bomber - and a sister-in-law of another Australian on the frontlines in the Middle East serving under the Islamic State flag, according to the Herald Sun. It is believed 18-year-old Adam Dahman, from Melbourne's inner city suburb of Northcote, was one of the people who killed five others at a market in Iraq in July by strapping explosives to his body. The Melbourne-based charity group aims to raise funds for medical equipment, educational supplies, food and water through fundraising auctions and dinners. The woman who heads the group, Eman Abdou, told the Herald Sun she was not able to reveal which organisations the money was benefiting. But on social media she said the money was being put to good use the children who were left disadvantaged by the conflict. Ms Abdou said as a mother herself she felt something needed to be done to help them. 'I woke up and decided enough is enough and I am going to do what little I can to help these children,' she wrote on Facebook. 'I have helped in a few charity events that have opened orphanages in Syria, I am also a proud sponsor of a syrian (sic) orphan. She said as a mother she felt compelled to help children displaced by the conflict and had helped open orphanages in Syria . 'My children and I went to Palestinian rallies and raised our voices for the innocent people in Gaza, raised funds for medical supplies to help the doctors cope. 'Have I done enough I haven't, but im (sic) trying we are all humanitarians and human rights activsts. 'We all care, we all weep, we all pray for peace, we all try to help. 'After all we are humans, our hearts beat the same regardless of skin colour or religion. 'I will continue to support the innocent people in Syria and Palestine and everywhere that humanitarian aid is needed.' The National Security Legislation Monitor believes more than $20 million received by terrorist groups fighting in the Middle East in 2012-13 came from Australian shores, the Herald Sun reported.
highlights: Mothers and Children Fundraiser for Syria claims it assists children affected by the Middle Eastern conflict . The Melbourne-based organisation is registered with Consumer Affairs Victoria . One of its members is the sister of Australian suicide bomber Adam Dahman . Dahman is believed to be one of the people who killed five others in a Iraqi market in July . But the head of the organisation said funds were used for humanitarian aid . 'I have helped in a few charity events that have opened orphanages in Syria,' Eman Abdou said .
id: 3c804ab4ff27b382665834a81655902b960a92c7
chatgpt: Mothers and Children Fundraiser for Syria, a Melbourne-based charity organisation, has been accused of having connections with a member who is the sister of a notorious suicide bomber, Adam Dahman. Dahman is alleged to be the mastermind behind the killing of five people in a market bomb blast in Iraq. Since the news broke out, there have been questions about the charity's transparency on how it uses its funds, with many calling for a probe into the organisation's activities. According to the head of the Mothers and Children Fundraiser for Syria, Eman Abdou, the organisation focuses on humanitarian efforts by assisting children affected by the ongoing conflict in the Middle East. She has been linked to her brother despite numerous instances in which he is known to have committed crimes. Speaking to reporters for the first time, Abdou stated that the funds raised by the organisation go towards opening up orphanages and providing assistance to affected families in Syria. She affirmed that the charity organisation is registered with Consumer Affairs Victoria and has undergone strict auditing processes to ensure that funds are used for the purposes intended. Abdou's remarks came as a relief to many of the charity's donors, who have continuously expressed concern that their contributions may be directed towards supporting terrorism. However, the charity is still expected to undergo further scrutiny from regulatory authorities to ascertain its mode of operation and ensure that it upholds good governance. Despite the charity's efforts to distance itself from the Dahman family, many have continued to criticise its trustees, including Abdou, for associating with individuals who have been linked to acts of terrorism. Some have gone so far as to demand that the charity organisation be dissolved, claiming that it undermines Australia's national security. In response to these concerns, Abdou emphasised that Mothers and Children Fundraiser for Syria is a non-political and non-religious organisation that bases its actions solely on humanitarian principles. She reiterated that their sole aim is to support Syrian children who have been affected by the ongoing conflict and that they have no connection with terrorist groups. The charity's efforts have not gone unnoticed, with numerous organisations and individuals commending them for their noble cause. However, given the controversies surrounding the Dahman family, it is critical that the organisation takes every necessary step to ensure that their funds are not used to support illegal activities. It is therefore upon the regulatory authorities to carry out thorough investigations to ascertain the organisation's legitimacy and ensure that it operates within the confines of the law. In conclusion, the Mothers and Children Fundraiser for Syria has affirmed its commitment to helping Syrian children affected by the ongoing conflict in the Middle East. Its head, Eman Abdou, has explained that the charity's efforts are focused on opening orphanages and providing humanitarian aid to those affected. Despite controversies surrounding the involvement of the Dahman family, the charity organisation remains registered with Consumer Affairs Victoria and is subject to rigorous auditing processes to guarantee its transparency. The future of the organisation will depend on the outcome of investigations by regulatory authorities, which are expected to help ascertain its legitimacy and ensure that it upholds good governance.