article: By . Steve Robson . PUBLISHED: . 09:33 EST, 27 December 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 11:17 EST, 27 December 2012 . A driver who caused a motorway smash which killed a pensioner has been banned from the roads after he said he had been distracted by a wasp. Richard Knight, 28, told a court his 'phobia' of the insects caused him to swerve across a lane at 70mph on the M3 because he 'didn't want to be stung'. But magistrates rejected his excuse and handed him an 18-month driving ban. Anne Bater, 68, died after the crash on the M3 in Basingstoke in may this year . His VW Golf hit a Honda Jazz which careered off the motorway in Basingstoke, Hampshire, and landed on its roof killing 68-year-old Anne Bater. Her husband Keith, who was a passenger, survived with a back injury but told Basingstoke Magistrates' Court he has been left 'bereft' by the loss of his wife. Knight, from Aldershot, said he was in the outside lane of the motorway when he noticed a . wasp flying near his right ear. He said he wound the driver's window down, but it remained in the car and distracted him. Knight said as he tried to put the passenger side window down he veered into the middle lane, hitting Mrs Bater's car. The court heard that psychiatric tests later revealed Knight had a phobia of winged insects that can sting. Asked how he felt when he saw the wasp in his car, he told magistrates: 'I was very anxious and worried. 'I obviously did not want to be stung, and my instinct was just to get it out of the car.' Richard Knight was given an 18-month driving ban at Basingstoke Magistrates Court after pleading guilty to causing death by careless driving . James Burnham, prosecuting, said Knight's 'special reason' application to avoid a driving ban should be ignored. Mr Burnham said Knight should have safely pulled over to the hard shoulder to let the wasp out. He also read out victim impact statements from Mrs Bater's husband and their two daughters, who were all in court. Mr Bater said in his statement: 'I . never knew the true meaning of the word bereft but that's how I feel . now. Our house is empty and I'm very lonely.' Mrs Bater, from High Wycombe, Bucks, was pronounced dead at Basingstoke and North Hampshire Hospital after the crash in May this year. Matthew Kerruish-Jones, defending, said Knight - who pleaded guilty to causing death by careless driving - had shown genuine remorse about the crash. Knight's 'special reason' application was rejected by residing magistrate Roy Cleave, who said he could have taken other actions to avoid the accident. Mr Cleave handed Knight an 18-month driving ban and gave him an 18-month community order with 200 hours unpaid work. He was also ordered to pay £85 in costs.
highlights: Richard Knight, 28, swerved his car because he 'didn't want to get stung' Smashed into Anne Bater's car at 70mph on the M3 in Basingstoke . Handed 18-month ban after magistrates reject his 'special application'
id: 7a1b34fbdb809b70033bc36941042de54088fa59
chatgpt: Richard Knight, a 28-year-old man from Basingstoke, has been handed an 18-month ban from driving after he caused a serious accident while trying to avoid being stung by a bee. The incident occurred on the M3 motorway in Basingstoke, when Knight swerved his car at high speed, ultimately causing a collision with Anne Bater's vehicle. According to reports, Knight had been distracted by a bee in his car and, in his attempt to avoid the insect, lost control of his vehicle and collided with Bater's car at a speed of around 70 miles per hour. The accident left Bater with severe injuries and her car was completely destroyed. Knight, who emerged unscathed from the crash, was charged with dangerous driving. Knight pleaded guilty to the charges against him, but his lawyer made a "special application" requesting that he be allowed to keep his license due to the impact a driving ban would have on his ability to work. However, the magistrates rejected Knight's request and handed him an 18-month ban from driving. Speaking after the sentencing, Bater expressed her disappointment with the decision. "I'm glad he's been punished, but it doesn't change the fact that my life has been turned upside down," she said. Meanwhile, road safety campaigners have expressed concern over the dangers of distracted driving. "This case is a stark reminder of the risks involved when drivers are not fully focused on the road ahead," said a spokesperson for Road Safety UK. "We urge all drivers to remain vigilant and to avoid any distractions that could put themselves or others at risk." The incident also raises questions about the dangers of bee and insect infestations in cars. According to experts, bees and other insects can be attracted to the sweet smells and flowers that are often found in cars, and can pose a serious distraction to drivers. To avoid similar accidents, experts recommend that drivers take precautions to eliminate potential sources of attraction for insects, such as keeping windows closed and using insect repellent sprays. Additionally, drivers should remain focused on the road at all times and avoid any distractions, including buzzing bees. In conclusion, the sentencing of Richard Knight highlights the seriousness of dangerous driving and the dangers of distracted driving. It also serves as a reminder for drivers to stay focused on the road ahead and take necessary precautions to avoid distractions and potential accidents.