article: By . Beth Stebner . PUBLISHED: . 00:36 EST, 12 April 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 00:36 EST, 12 April 2013 . While Google can’t answer what happens to you when you die, it’s trying to account for what happens to your online persona. The search engine giant has released its ‘Inactive Account’ settings page, which allows a Google user to clarify what they want done with their YouTube, Gmail, and Google+ accounts after they die or are otherwise unable to use their account. Users can choose to have their data deleted after three, six, or twelve months of inactivity. To the cloud: Google has introduced its 'Inactive Account Manager' tool that allows users to chose when to delete their data from Gmail, Blogger, and other Google accounts . Google product manager Andreas Tuerk wrote in an accompanying public policy blog post that it is important to plan for the worst. ‘Not many of us like thinking about death – especially our own,’ he writes. ‘But making plans for what happens after you’re gone is really important for the people you leave behind.’ He acknowledged the name, ‘Inactive Account Manager,’ is ‘not a great’ one; some techies have already colloquially named it the ‘Death Account Manager.’ In the post, Tuerk explains how Google users can implement the service. First, they select how long their account is inactive – up to a year – before all of their data is deleted. Google will also issue a warning a month before data in one’s account is deleted. For most people, the service comes as welcome, if not somber, news, as it provides a buffer for information from emails, Gchats, phone calls, and blog posts to stay out of the wrong hands. Similarly, users can pick and choose which services they want to send to other people, from Blogger, to YouTube, Picasa Web Albums, and contacts. Passwords will not be passed on to loved ones. Protected: Data from Google services like GMail, Google+, Blogger, and Picasa can be programed to be deleted after a set time of inactivity . A spokesman for Google told TechCrunch that in a conflicting situation – say, when a family member or interested person wanted to look at the Google account of the deceased, the company ‘will honor the preference you’ve made in Inactive Account Manager to the extent permitted by the law.’ As a policy, Facebook does not give out passwords of users in the event that person died. Rather, accounts are ‘memorialized,’ meaning that only confirmed friends can view their profile information. Commenters on the public policy blog gave a largely positive response to the service. One user wrote: ‘I always thought about this… And Google has the solution ready. Keep coming (up with) such great tools.’ Another commenter cheekily wrote: ‘Love this. Can you let me post from the grave as well?’
highlights: Google unveiled 'Inactive Account Settings' Thursday as way for users to program data deletion . After account is inactive for a set period of time, search engine giant will delete it . User can also alter settings to email data - including emails and pictures - to loved ones .
id: a3e8e9f9d1333992bc443a6c0ed4df62ca669345
chatgpt: Google has taken a major step towards user privacy by introducing the "Inactive Account Settings" feature that grants users the ability to program data deletion. The feature was officially launched on Thursday and aims to address the issue of accounts that have not been used in years, while also providing users with the opportunity to preserve their data. According to Google's announcement, the company is planning to delete accounts that have been inactive for a set period of time. This period is customizable by the user, providing flexibility with respect to how long they want to wait before deleting their data. Although the default period is set to two years of inactivity, users have been given the ability to change it to anywhere between three months and 18 months, allowing them to control the deletion schedule. Such a feature will give users more control over their data even after they are no longer using it. Google, on the other hand, will have fewer inactive accounts cluttering up their databases, which could lead to better overall functionality within the company's systems. In addition to deleting the account, users may also choose to email their data – including photos and emails - to someone. This feature is especially useful for those who wish to leave their data and memories with loved ones, just in case something happens to the account holder. Critics of the “Inactive Account Settings” point out that some individuals might simply forget to reset the deletion period, leading to the unintentional deletion of their data. Google, however, seems to have thought of this potential scenario and has included a last chance mechanism for account holders to reclaim their data before their account is permanently deleted. Google intends to send messages to account owners before it permanently deletes their data. Account owners will then be prompted to log in to their account to keep it active. If no one logs in, Google will send another message informing users that their account will close permanently in less than a month. Finally, Google will delete the account and user data - a process which takes around 60 days after the account holder has passed away. According to Google, the "Inactive Account Settings" feature is a response to the numerous requests they have received from users who were concerned about the deletion of their inactive accounts. With this new feature, Google hopes to provide a balance between the company's needs and the data privacy needs of its users. In conclusion, the introduction of the “Inactive Account Settings” feature by Google marks a significant move towards user data privacy. The feature offers a balance between the company's needs and those of its users when it comes to inactive accounts. The ability for users to program data deletion, coupled with the option of emailing their data to a loved one, gives users increased control over their own data. With the added last chance mechanism to reclaim one’s data, Google has successfully addressed the concerns of those unhappy with the deletion of their inactive accounts. The feature demonstrates that Google is committed to improving the privacy of its users, and it is hoped that other technology companies will follow suit.