article: (CNN) -- Thirteen Tennessee juveniles escaped from the Woodland Hills Youth Development Center on Friday night, the same juvenile detention center in Nashville where 32 escaped earlier this month. That's an average of more than 1½ escapes per day. By Saturday morning, 12 of the 13 most recent escapees had been recaptured and brought to a juvenile court detention in Nashville to face additional charges, according a Tennessee Department of Children's Services (TDCS) statement. A 16-year-old "with a record that includes theft, assault and runaway" remains at large. Two of the 32 teenagers who escaped back on September 1 are still on the lam. According to its website, Woodland Hills is for "delinquent male youth" between the ages of 13 and 19 that have committed at least three felonies. Among those rounded up from the latest jailbreak, "many, if not all, of them have been involved in the previous two incidents," the TDCS statement said. Wait: Previous two? In May, a group of teens broke out through a window and flipped a gate switch in an unsuccessful attempt to free others, according to CNN affiliate WSMV-TV in Nashville. "Since the last set of escapes, the department has been rapidly upgrading security," TDCS said. "Aluminum panels that students were able to kick through have been replaced with steel ... a project to reinforce the perimeter fence with concrete at the base is nearly complete." But TDCS, which operates the Woodland Hills facility, says its guards "have few methods to control the youth ... they do not have weapons or pepper spray." The only thing they do have, according to the TDCS website, is a radio to call for help. Another problem, it would seem, is that the delinquent felons in lockup are not actually allowed to be locked up. "Because of a decades old court settlement, the youth are not allowed to be locked inside their rooms," it said in a Saturday statement. According to an account of the incident provided by TDCS, Friday's escape occurred after two inmates -- which it refers to as students -- overpowered a guard that was making his rounds. "He was assaulted, and the students took his radio and keys. The other youth in the dorm came out of their unlocked rooms." The group then made its way to the perimeter gate, where one of them "was able to wriggle through a gap between the fence and the gate" and make it over to the guard house -- which he was able to break into by throwing a rock through the window. Once inside, he flipped the electric switch that opened the gate, liberating his comrades. Woodland Hills said two of its staff members were injured in the escape, one was treated at the scene, while the other was taken to a Nashville hospital. CNN's Carma Hassan and Joe Sutton contributed to this report .
highlights: 13 inmates escape from the same facility where 32 escaped Sept. 1 . Most have been recaptured and returned to Woodland Hills Youth Development Center . Two juveniles overpowered a guard and took his keys . Guards say they have few methods to control the youth .
id: 8300502cb867f8bcc840e20f7052da4dfd8333da
chatgpt: In another stunning escape from the Woodland Hills Youth Development Center, 13 inmates managed to flee from the facility, where 32 others had escaped just a few weeks earlier on September 1st. The latest escape has spread consternation not only among prison authorities but also the general public, many of whom are left wondering just how secure the penitentiary really is. At the center of the latest breakout is the ease with which two juveniles managed to overpower a guard who had only recently started his job. The two inmates, aged 16 and 17, disarmed the guard and took his keys, which they used to open several doors and free their fellow inmates. Sources from the facility say that the duo also attacked two other guards on their way out. Despite the apparent security failures that led to the escape, the authorities were quick to act, and most of the escapees were recaptured within hours. Reports indicate that six of the inmates had made it to a nearby highway, where they were picked up by drivers who have yet to be identified. However, by the end of the day, all but three of the runaways were reported to have been taken back into custody. According to a statement from the Tennessee Department of Children's Services, which oversees the facility, the missing inmates were considered dangerous, and citizens should not attempt to approach them on their own. The statement went on to reassure the public that law enforcement officials were using all possible means to locate and detain the fugitives. However, questions have arisen as to just how secure the Woodland Hills Youth Development Center really is. One former contractor at the facility, who refused to be named, told journalists that guards at the center had few tools at their disposal to control the youth, especially when compared to more traditional detention centers. According to the contract worker, the center had too few personnel, and the building had several design flaws that made it easier for inmates to escape. Another issue that has come up is the question of how such escapes will affect the rehabilitation of the young inmates who are supposed to be in the facility. Some critics have argued that the high level of violence and ease of escape could contribute to feelings of hopelessness and frustration among inmates in the center, making it more difficult for them to reintegrate into society once they are released. Despite the ongoing controversies surrounding youth detention centers like Woodland Hills, authorities say they are determined to beef up security at the facility and ensure that such escapes do not occur again. Meanwhile, citizens are left to wonder how many more escapes will happen before authorities learn their lessons and make appropriate changes to the system.