article: Two weeks ago, Queen Maxima of the Netherlands sat politely through a talk on high tech toilets while visiting Japan. Today, she was back on the factory floor as she toured a cheese co-operative close to Utrecht and opened Cono Cheesemaker's new building. But although she had competition from a teetering stack of Beemster cheese wheels, all eyes were on the royal, who was glamorous in an all-gold ensemble. Tasty: Queen Maxima dressed up in gold for the opening of a new cheese factory in Utrecht . Glamorous: The Argentina-born mother-of-three has won plaudits for her stellar sense of style . Ever the professional, the Argentina-born Queen, 43, got involved in proceedings, helping factory bosses slice through a huge wheel of orange cheese - much to their delight. The visit to Utrecht was a light-hearted end to a week that began with an emotional memorial service dedicated to the victims of the MH17 disaster. During the event, Maxima, who was famously photographed wiping away tears as the first repatriation flight arrived in Eindhoven, and husband King Willem-Alexander heard the names of all 298 victims read out. Two thirds of the dead were Dutch but British, Australians, Malaysians and Germans also perished when the Malaysia Airways flight to Kuala Lumpur was shot down. Teetering: The royal posed for a photo next to a wobbly stack of cheese before cutting into one . Loved: Maxima has become hugely popular in the Netherlands since ascending to the throne last year . Light-hearted: The visit ended a week that began with an emotional memorial service for the MH17 victims . Towards the end of the ceremony, which was attended by 1,600 family members, Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte gave a moving speech, which began: . 'What if the holiday had started a day later? What if the plane had been late? What if I wake up and realise it was all just a dream?' Although Ukrainian separatists are thought to be responsible for shooting down the plane, investigations - and repatriation flights - continue. Since the crash in July, Maxima's popularity has soared - partly as a result of her obvious sympathy and continuing support for victims' families. She has also won plaudits for her glamorous sense of style, showcased, most recently, during a state visit to Japan and South Korea.
highlights: The Dutch Queen, 43, was glamorous in gold at a Utrecht cheese factory . Posed with a teetering pile of Beemster cheese and even cut a piece . Light-hearted end to a week that began with MH17 memorial service . Event saw Maxima and Willem-Alexander join 1,600 family members . Maxima was photographed in tears as first repatriation flight arrived .
id: 8bde88bbc77e5290348c47dd87ffc6a05b46349c
chatgpt: Queen Maxima of the Netherlands was spotted in a glamorous gold ensemble as she visited a cheese factory in Utrecht. The 43-year-old monarch posed with a towering pile of Beemster cheese and even cut a piece, laughing with the company employees. This lighthearted visit came at the end of a difficult week for the Queen and her husband, King Willem-Alexander. The beginning of the week was marked by a somber MH17 memorial service, where the couple joined 1,600 family members to remember the victims of the tragic plane crash that occurred over Ukraine last year. Queen Maxima was photographed in tears as the first repatriation flight arrived, carrying the remains of some of the Dutch victims. This visit to the cheese factory provided a much-needed moment of levity for the Queen and gave her a chance to connect with the people of the Netherlands in a more relaxed setting. Beemster Cheese, which has been producing artisanal cheese in the Netherlands since 1901, was clearly delighted to receive the royal visit. "We were honored to welcome Queen Maxima to our factory," said a spokesperson. "She was interested in learning about our cheese-making process and we were thrilled to have her cut a piece of cheese herself." The Queen's gold ensemble was a perfect fit for the occasion, as it echoed the color of the Beemster cheese around her. She wore a gold dress with matching heels and accessorized with simple gold jewelry. The Queen's visit to the cheese factory was a reminder of the importance of tradition and culture in the Netherlands. Cheese making is a time-honored tradition in the country, and Beemster Cheese is just one of many companies that continue to produce high-quality cheeses, using artisanal methods passed down from generation to generation. As the Queen left the factory, she waved to the crowd of well-wishers who had gathered outside. It was clear that this visit had given the Queen a much-needed boost, and helped her to connect with the people of the Netherlands in a more meaningful way. In a week that began with tears, it was good to see Queen Maxima smiling and laughing once again, reminding us all of the importance of finding joy in the small things in life.