article: An Atlanta man already accused of gunning down two homeless men in their sleep and fatally shooting a hairstylist as she walked to her car now faces charges in the death of a fourth person. Aeman Lovel Presley, 34, is suspected of killing Calvin Gholston at a shopping center on Sept. 27, investigators say. Like two of the previous victims, Gholston was homeless, police said. Police already have accused Presley of killing two homeless men in Atlanta, firing multiple times while the victims were wrapped in blankets and sleeping on the sidewalk. Aeman Lovel Presely (pictured left) is suspected of killing Calvin Gholston (pictured right) Dorian Jenkins was killed Nov. 23, followed by Tommy Mims on Nov. 26. Investigators have said both homeless men were shot with an elongated .45-caliber bullet — often called a 'cowboy bullet.' In their investigation, police emphasized the type of bullet used as they asked the public and law enforcement agencies nationwide for help with the seemingly random shootings of the homeless men. Jenkins was shot five times and Mims was shot seven times, and police have described it as 'overkill.' Dorian Jenkins (pictured left) and Tommy Mims (pictured right) were both killed in late November . Presley also faces a murder charge in the Dec. 6 death of Karen Pearce, a hairstylist, in Decatur, just outside Atlanta. Police said Pearce was shot as she walked to her car after leaving a downtown restaurant. A break in the case came Thursday when a transit system police officer saw Presley pass through a transit station entry gate with paying a fare, authorities said. He was carrying a loaded revolver and a box of ammunition, officials said. No attorney was listed for Presley in online court records Tuesday. Karen Pearce (pictured) was shot after she left a dinner with her friends .
highlights: Aeman Lovel Presley, 34, is suspected of killing Calvin Gholston - who is also homeless . Presely is accused of also killing two homeless men and a hairdresser . The homeless men were repeatedly shot in their sleep .
id: a3b4fb34a47b6e6b5bc22bd39b818b5f6c888ac3
chatgpt: In a string of violent homicides, authorities in Dallas have apprehended Aeman Lovel Presley, 34, who is suspected of killing four individuals - including three homeless men - and a hairdresser. Law enforcement officials have stated that the gruesome incidents took place over the past two months and investigators believe that Presley acted alone. Calvin Gholston, a homeless man, was the most recent victim of Presley's alleged killing spree. Gholston was found dead in late June and investigators from the Dallas Police Department quickly identified Presley as the primary suspect. After several weeks of investigation, Presley was taken into custody and charged with the murder of Gholston. However, it wasn't until investigators interrogated Presley about the death of Gholston that they discovered the scope of his alleged crimes. They say Presley admitted to also killing the three other victims, all of whom were homeless men. According to authorities, Presley repeatedly shot the men while they were sleeping, indicating a premeditated and cold-blooded approach to his crimes. Family members of the victims, who had been living on the streets of Dallas, gathered outside the police station after news of the arrest and charged were announced. “We’re grateful that someone is finally being held accountable for these heinous acts,” said one family member of a victim. “But this doesn’t bring our loved ones back.” Presley's motive for the murders is still unclear at this time, but investigators have suggested that it may have been a desire for control and power. Presley is being held without bail and is currently awaiting trial. The city of Dallas has been reeling from these brutal killings and the loss of innocent life. The homeless community, in particular, has been hit hard, with many expressing fear and concern for their own safety. City officials are working to increase patrols and support homeless individuals in the area.