article: (CNN) -- CNN is among a handful of news outlets partnering with Facebook on a feature that will help share data about what users are talking about on the social network. On Monday, the site rolled out two new tools. The first, Public Feed API, lets users display a real-time feed of public posts that contain a certain word. So, for example, it could be used to show how quickly new references to "Syria" were appearing on Facebook during coverage of the conflict there. The other, Keyword Insights API, breaks down the number of posts that mention a term during a given time frame. So, in the previous example, it could show how many people had posted to Facebook about Syria in the past day, week or month. Keyword Insights also lets users display anonymous results by gender, age and location. So, for example, it might show that 65% of chatter about Syria is coming from men, or that people talking about Miley Cyrus are overwhelmingly under age 34. "We are committed to building features that improve the experience of discovering and participating in conversations about things happening in the world right now, including entertainment, sports, politics and news," Justin Osofsky, Facebook's vice president for media partnerships and online operations, wrote in a blog post. The first wave of media partners is CNN, Buzzfeed, NBC's Today Show, BSkyB, Slate. and Mass Relevance. Facebook says it has begun discussions with other media partners and marketing developers and will make the tools available to more partners in the coming weeks. The partners are able to begin using the tools starting Monday. In his post, Osofsky noted that, with more than 1 billion accounts, Facebook is a useful way to gauge how widely topics are resonating. "If there is something interesting going on, people are talking about it on Facebook," he wrote. "From favorite television shows to sporting events to the latest news; the conversations are happening on Facebook. Last week's kick-off of the NFL season garnered over 20 million likes, comments, and shares on Facebook by over 8 million people."
highlights: Facebook rolls out tool to help media outlets crunch its data . CNN among first few to access Public Feed API, Keywords Insight API . The tools can show how popular certain topics are on Facebook .
id: 57a3612499bceacb5e30f0d50407dbb5359f2324
chatgpt: Facebook has unveiled a new set of tools to aid media outlets in crunching its data. Among the first few to test out these tools are large media platforms such as CNN. The tools known as the Public Feed API and Keywords Insight API aim to give media outlets a better understanding of how popular certain topics are on Facebook. The Public Feed API provides an access point to Facebook's public pages while the Keywords Insight API helps to highlight popular keywords over various time frames. The Public Feed API will give media outlets an easier way to trawl through a large amount of public data and help them to identify prominent trends. It provides access to posts, likes, shares, and comments on any public page on Facebook. The Keywords Insight API will help to analyze Facebook data in a more detailed and refined way. It provides an overview of user activity and helps to identify when users are most active on Facebook. This information can then be used to target the audience at the most appropriate time. The combination of these two APIs provides a powerful tool that can help media outlets to gain greater insights into how people are using Facebook. This information can be used to aid in the creation of more targeted content that is more appealing to Facebook users. With media outlets constantly trying to improve their content, access to these tools from Facebook can give them a competitive edge. The ability to understand how people are interacting with Facebook can help media outlets to learn more about their audience, what they like, and what can be improved. As Facebook continues to evolve and dominate the social media landscape, access to data through these types of tools will become increasingly important for media outlets. New tools like these will continue to be developed as Facebook seeks to provide greater insights to its users. In conclusion, Facebook's new tools provide a valuable resource for media outlets looking to better understand how popular certain topics are on Facebook. Combined with other analytics tools, these APIs can help media outlets to better reach their intended audience and tailor their content accordingly. Only time will tell how successful the media outlets will be in using these new tools, but one thing is for sure- the increased access to data will certainly not hurt.