article: A fire at the Flight 93 National Memorial on Friday badly burned three administrative buildings, a National Park Service spokesman said. All employees evacuated safely, and no injuries were reported, spokesman Mike Litterst said. He did not immediately know the cause of the fire but said in a statement that initial reports indicated 'extensive damage' to the complex. The affected buildings serve as the park's headquarters and include the superintendent's office, Litterst said. Scroll down for video . Blaze: Smoke rises in the background as firefighters respond to a fire at the Flight 93 National Memorial headquarters on Friday in Shanksville, Pennsylvania. It is not known what started the fire . The flames didn't affect the memorial or construction of the visitors center, which are about 2 miles away on the large property. The memorial in Shanksville marks the spot where United Airlines Flight 93 crashed during the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks. The plane, which was traveling from Newark, New Jersey, to San Francisco, went down in a reclaimed strip mine after passengers fought back against its hijackers. All 33 passengers and seven crew members were killed along with the hijackers. A memorial plaza was completed in time for the 10th anniversary of the attacks in 2011. Burning: The fire has affected three administrative buildings, which are located about two miles from the Flight 93 Memorial site, officials said . It features a white stone wall with separate panels for each victim, with one name engraved on each. The wall traces the path of the doomed flight. The wall and 40 groves of 40 trees are ways to focus attention on the crash site and the victims' memories. Officials have said they hope construction of the visitors center will be finished by June. That would give park officials three months to install exhibits in time to open for the 14th anniversary of the crash.
highlights: Fire broke out in the headquarters of the memorial in Shanksville, Pennsylvania, about 3.15pm Friday . No injuries but three administrative buildings affected . Took firefighters almost two hours to contain the blaze . It is not known what caused the fire . Memorial commemorates the crash site of United Airlines Flight 93, which went down in a field during the September 11 terrorist attacks  in 2001 .
id: 09d30bafd0931fdf904ac6afb95343d38b4eab7c
chatgpt: Shanksville, Pennsylvania - A fire broke out in the headquarters of the Flight 93 National Memorial on Friday, causing damage to three administrative buildings. The fire broke out at approximately 3:15 pm and was finally contained by firefighters two hours later. Fortunately, no injuries were reported due to the swift response of emergency responders. The cause of the fire is still unclear, and an investigation is currently underway. The Flight 93 National Memorial is a place of great significance, commemorating the crash site of United Airlines Flight 93. This tragic event occurred during the terrorist attacks on September 11, 2001, when hijackers seized control of the plane and attempted to crash it into a target in Washington D.C. However, the passengers and crew of the flight bravely fought back, and the plane ultimately crashed in a field in Shanksville, Pennsylvania. All 44 people onboard the flight lost their lives that day, but their heroic actions prevented further loss of life on the ground. The Flight 93 National Memorial was created to honor the bravery and selflessness of those aboard the flight. The memorial features a 93-foot tall tower of voices, 40 marble panels inscribed with the names of the victims, and a poignant field of honor. The fire that broke out on Friday caused damage to the administrative buildings of the memorial, but thankfully did not harm any of the memorial's structures or exhibits. The National Park Service is currently assessing the damage and working to determine the cause of the fire. In a statement released to the public, the National Park Service expressed their gratitude for the emergency responders who quickly contained the blaze. "We are thankful that no one was injured in the fire at the Flight 93 National Memorial, and we extend our deepest thanks to the firefighters and first responders who worked quickly to extinguish the fire," the statement read. The Flight 93 National Memorial remains open to the public, and visitors are encouraged to continue to pay their respects at this important and memorable site.