article: By . Chris Pleasance . PUBLISHED: . 09:45 EST, 30 September 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 10:14 EST, 30 September 2013 . These images show the heart-stopping moment a man ran away from police and into the path of a tube train. The man was narrowly missed a second time by an Overground Line train as he went back across the tracks at Barking tube station. The dramatic scenes happened on Saturday at 7.15pm after the unidentified man came down the concourse and spotted police officers on routine patrol. Officers were on routine patrol at Barking station in East London when this man made eye contact with them before running away and into the path of two trains including this Overground train . He also ran in front of this eastbound District Line train in his attempts to escape from police who say they were not there to arrest him and were just on routine patrol . After making eye contact with them he immediately turned and ran, jumping across empty tracks and on to another platform. Realising there was no way to escape, the man ran along along the platform before going back onto the tracks, crossing the path of a District Line train heading towards Upminster before jumping into the path of an Overground Line train. The man came so close that the driver of the second train, who was travelling westbound, was forced to apply the emergency brake. The man also ran in front of another Hammersmith and City Line train which was stationary at the time. As he has yet to be identified, police cannot say if he is wanted in connection with any other crimes, and have no explanation for his behaviour. The man, who hasn't been identified, ran in front of a third Hammersmith and City Line train which was stopped at the time before escaping from the station . This is the man police would like to speak to, but until they identify him they cannot say if he was wanted in connection with another crime and cannot explain his behaviour . British Transport Police have an office inside the station and often have officers on patrol there. Investigators are now viewing CCTV footage of the incident and speaking to witnesses to try and identify the young man. PC Church, the investigating officer, said: 'Trespass on the railway is, in itself, extremely dangerous and irresponsible, but to run in front of moving trains is putting your life on the line. 'We don’t believe the man was injured during the incident and thankfully, no one else was, but this was still extremely thoughtless behaviour. 'If you recognise the man, or have any further information about the incident, I’d urge you to come forward.' Despite the emergency brake being used there were no delays because of the man's actions. If you can help officers, please call British Transport Police on 0800 40 50 40 or Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111. In all calls quote log B7/LNA of 25/09/2013.
highlights: Man was walking into Barking tube station on Saturday . Made eye contact with police before running off . Narrowly missed by two trains and one had to use the emergency brake . Officers were on routine patrol and not there to arrest him . Investigators are asking for anyone who recognises him to get in contact .
id: 9f90e7ed9f019458eec32a891f92c7528dccc4a0
chatgpt: On Saturday, a man narrowly avoided being hit by two trains after running off from police officers outside of Barking tube station in East London. According to witnesses, the man made eye contact with the policemen before sprinting away. As he fled, the reckless individual ran onto the tracks and came dangerously close to being hit by two trains. Fortunately, the train drivers were alert and were forced to use the emergency brake to avoid a disastrous collision. The high-speed chase caused significant delays and disruption across the transport network. The officers involved have stated that they were conducting a routine patrol and were not attempting to arrest the man. They had simply made eye contact with him when he unexpectedly ran off. Despite their best efforts to apprehend him, the offender managed to escape. London Metropolitan Police have described this behavior as completely reckless and are asking for any witnesses or anyone who recognizes the individual to contact them immediately. Investigative teams are currently following up on all leads in an attempt to identify and locate the man. Inspector Kieran Dougal stated, "This kind of reckless behavior is completely unacceptable and endangers not only the person engaging in the behavior but the lives of others as well. We are grateful that no one was hurt but we must find and bring to justice the individual responsible for this." The incident has raised serious concerns over public safety, particularly in light of the post-lockdown social environment where anti-social behavior has been on the rise. Transport authorities are advising commuters to remain vigilant and report any unusual activity they may witness. The incident has resulted in increased security measures, with additional police patrols and surveillance cameras being implemented in the area. Authorities are determined to prevent such recklessness and are urging the public to cooperate and aid their efforts. For now, the man responsible for the chaos remains at large, and the police are urging anyone with information or who witnessed the scene to come forward. The incident has left many shaken and serves as a reminder of the importance of public safety and the value of conscientious policing.