article: (CNN) -- Juventus maintained a three-point lead at the top of Serie A with a convincing 4-0 win at Novara on Sunday to stay on course for a first league title in nine years. Two goals from Mirko Vucinic and one a piece for Marco Borriello and Arturo Vidal earned Juventus their eighth straight win and takes their league tally to 77 points with three matches remaining. "Three days ago Novara beat Lazio so we knew it wouldn't be easy but we got the early goal and we kept our concentration right until the end," Juventus coach, Antonio Conte said. "We are getting closer and we are the masters of our own destiny. The squad has gone from strength to strength, driven by a great desire for success," Conte added. Novara, meanwhile, remain mired in relegation troubles -- second-from bottom and still eight points adrift of safety. Juventus' nearest rivals AC Milan kept up the pressure with a 4-1 at Siena. Antonio Cassano opened the scoring in the 26th minute -- his first goal since returning from heart surgery in November -- with Zlatan Ibrahimovic netting three minutes later. Albanian striker Erjon Bogdani halved the deficit for Siena in the 83rd minute but Milan made sure of three points with two late goals. The first came from Antonio Nocerino in the 89th minute before Ibrahimovic bagged his second of the game and his 26th league goal of the season. Milan coach Massimiliano Allegri has not yet given up hope of the Rossoneri regaining the title they won 12 months ago. "We will try to push until the end but if they finish ahead of us then they deserve to win. We don't want to be finish many points behind Juventus. In two years we've won a league and a Super Cup and been competitive in the Champions League," Allegri said. Fifth-placed Inter Milan beat already relegated Cesena 2-1 in the San Siro to draw level on 55 points with Napoli and Lazio as the three teams battle for the third Champions League place. Luca Ceccarelli put Cesena ahead in the 57th minute but Nigerian midfielder Joel Obi equalized two minutes later before substitute Mauro Zarate scored the Nerazzurri's winner in the 72nd minute. In other matches, mid-table Atalanta climbed to ninth with a 2-0 win over 16th-placed Fiorentina. Genoa remain one place and one point above the relegation zone after a 3-2 defeat at Bologna. Third-from-bottom Lecce also lost going down 2-1 at home to Parma.
highlights: Juventus beat 4-0 to remain three points clear at the top of Serie A . AC Milan also win, defeating Siena 4-1 . Juventus head table on 77 points with three games remaining .
id: 677279ad7944e0abcc6ce60385c3b5a76c859e55
chatgpt: Juventus maintained their three-point lead at the top of the Serie A table with a dominant 4-0 win over their opponents. The Turin-based side put on a show for the home fans as they scored four times in the first half, leaving the visitors with no chance of a comeback. The atmosphere was electric at the Juventus Stadium as the home side looked to take another step towards winning the Serie A title. The opening minutes of the match saw both teams testing each other out, but it was Juventus who struck first. With just 15 minutes on the clock, Andrea Pirlo played a precise ball over the top of the defense, finding the feet of Fernando Llorente. The Spanish striker took a touch before placing the ball into the back of the net, giving Juventus a 1-0 lead. The home side continued to press and soon doubled their advantage. A cross from the left-hand side was met by Carlos Tevez, who headed the ball back across the goal and into the net. Juventus were in complete control of the match and showed no signs of slowing down. Their third goal came from a brilliant team move that saw the ball move from one end of the pitch to the other. Juan Cuadrado cut inside from the right-hand side and played a square ball to Paul Pogba, who flicked the ball over the head of an opponent before finishing past the goalkeeper with a powerful shot into the bottom corner. Juventus’ fourth and final goal of the match came from a free-kick on the edge of the penalty area. Pirlo stepped up and hit a perfectly placed shot over the wall and into the top corner, leaving the goalkeeper with no chance. The win leaves Juventus sitting pretty at the top of the Serie A table with three games remaining. The Bianconeri have a three-point lead over second-placed Roma and will be feeling confident heading into the final games of the season. AC Milan also had a memorable night on the pitch as they defeated Siena 4-1. The Rossoneri went behind early on, but were quick to respond with two goals of their own. Goals from Mario Balotelli, Philippe Mexes and Antonio Nocerino sealed the win for Milan. Juventus and AC Milan will now turn their attention to the next round of fixtures as they continue their quest for the Serie A title. Juventus will face Atalanta while AC Milan will take on Roma in what promises to be an exciting encounter. With just three games remaining, every point will be crucial in the race for the Serie A title.