article: By . Rachel Quigley . PUBLISHED: . 09:48 EST, 1 November 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 11:00 EST, 1 November 2012 . A one-hour telethon and benefit concert for victims of Hurricane Sandy is to be screened on NBC - featuring world famous artists native to the areas hardest hit by the storm. Bruce Springsteen and Jon Bon Jovi of New Jersey and Billy Joel of Long Island are scheduled to appear in the star-studded event on Friday night, which will be broadcast by the television network and its cable stations including Bravo, CNBC, USA, MSNBC and E! Other performers on the night will include Christina Aguilera, Sting and Jimmy Fallon. Support: New Jersey native Bruce Springsteen is one of the world-famous stars due to perform in the benefit concert in New York City on Friday night . Stars: The show will be presented by the Today Show host Matt Lauer (left), while singer Billy Joel (right) a native of Long Island, will also perform during the event . The telecast, 'Hurricane Sandy: Coming . Together' will benefit the American Red Cross, which has provided support for victims of the hurricane. The concert, which will also be streamed live on the NBC.com website, is to be hosted by the Today show's Matt Lauer. It will air at 8pm EST in eastern states and be broadcast 'taped-delayed' in the west. The telethon will be broadcast from NBC's studios in the Rockefeller Center in New York City. Line-up: Christina Aguilera (left) and Jon Bon . Jovi are due to take part in the fundraising concert - which will be . broadcast by NBC from its studios in New York City . Damage: Large parts of the east coast (including Seaside Heights, New Jersey, pictured) have been left devastated by the impact of Hurricane Sandy . Fires: Residents walk past the remains of houses in Breezy Point in Queens, New York City - where more than 100 homes were burned down as a result of the hurricane . A spokeswoman for NBC Universal told the New York Times that channels not owned by the company will also be allowed to broadcast the concert. NBC organised a similar event after Hurricane Katrina in 2005, which was followed a week later by another telethon,'Shelter From the Storm' - broadcast by the major networks and a couple of dozen cable channels. Financial donations to the American Red Cross will help the organisation to provide shelter, food, and other forms of assistance to those affected by Hurricane Sandy. Support: Stars have lent there support to previous disaster fund raisers. Here, Robert De Niro, left, Leonardo DiCaprio and Ellen Barkin, work the phones during the 'Hope for Haiti Now' earthquake relief event in 2010 . Philadelphia Eagles quarterback Donovan McNabb (left) and singer Maria Carey (right) also helped out on the phones during the telethon in support of victims of Hurricane Katrina in 2005 .
highlights: World-famous stars - some of who come from states left devastated by the hurricane - have lined up to take part in the event . The 'Hurricane Sandy: Coming . Together' concert will raise funds to support the American Red Cross . Event will be staged on Friday night at NBC's studios in New York City and broadcast across the US .
id: 5d859da2d51324109baba8c07915d4b3dc3428da
chatgpt: Some of the world's biggest stars are set to unite for “Hurricane Sandy: Coming Together”, a star-studded benefit concert to raise funds for the American Red Cross. The event takes place on Friday night, and will be staged at NBC Studios in New York City, with the broadcast reaching every corner of the United States. The impact of Hurricane Sandy has been felt across the country, and in particular in the states of New York and New Jersey, where the storm caused widespread devastation. But, in the face of tragedy, the nation has rallied together, with relief efforts taking place across the country. This concert is just the latest example of how people are coming together to support those affected by the tragedy. A-list celebrities from music, television, and film including Bruce Springsteen, Jon Bon Jovi, Billy Joel, Christina Aguilera, and Sting will be in attendance, joining forces to help raise funds, hope, and awareness for those affected by the hurricane. Hurricane Sandy has already claimed the lives of more than 100 people in the United States, Canada, and the Caribbean, with dozens still missing. The catastrophe has caused unprecedented damage, uprooting trees, flooding homes, causing power outages, and shutting down transportation. But, out of this tragedy, there is a sense of community, with people of all backgrounds, races, and religions coming together to help those in need. It’s a reflection of the true spirit of America: one that is resilient, compassionate, and generous. The concert is set to be a powerful and emotional event, with artists performing acoustic versions of their biggest hits, as well as covers of classic songs, in a tribute to those affected by Hurricane Sandy. The funds raised from the concert will go directly towards the American Red Cross, which has been working tirelessly to provide food, shelter, and medical assistance to those affected by the hurricane. The concert is not only a chance to raise funds for those in need but is also a celebration of the human spirit. It's an opportunity for people to come together and show their support for one another, and to stand united in the fight against adversity. In the wake of such a devastating natural disaster, it is important to remember that every little bit of support helps. By watching this broadcast and making a donation to the American Red Cross, people across the country can contribute to the relief effort, and make a difference in the lives of those affected by Hurricane Sandy. As the country continues to rebuild in the aftermath of Hurricane Sandy, events like this show that there is still hope and the possibility of rebuilding. The concert is a reminder that, in the face of tragedy, the strength of the human spirit can never be silenced.