article: A teacher who told police he thought it was legal to view child abuse images in private has been thrown out of the profession. Mark Edwards-Jones, 59, was found with more than 200 images of child pornography after his internet service provider noticed he was downloading indecent images and alerted police. When officers swooped on his home in Potters Bar, Hertfordshire, the Year Ten teacher - who has now been banned from ever teaching again - tried to delete some of the pictures as police searched his home, a tribunal heard this week. Teaching industry body the National College for Teaching and Leadership heard that Edwards-Jones later told officers that he thought it was within the law for a teacher to view child abuse images in their own home. Lifetime ban: Year Ten science teacher Mark Edwards-Jones, 59, who said he thought it was legal to view child porn at home, has been barred from the profession (file image) Edwards-Jones, a science teacher at the Park Education Support Centre in Potters Bar, Hertfordshire, taught Year 10 pupils aged between 14 and 15. Luke Graham, panel chairman, said the nature of Edwards-Jones' crime was 'fundamentally incompatible with being a teacher'. 'Mr Edwards-Jones has shown no remorse, nor recognised the wider impact of his actions on children', Mr Graham said. 'Despite the training he received in relation to child protection, he still continued to possess and access indecent images of children. 'He also failed to recognise that his actions were wrong and, at various times, has sought to justify that his actions were legitimate'. Officers had swooped on the man's home in Hertfordshire in September 2010, where 218 child porn images were discovered across three of his computers. The following year, Edwards-Jones pleaded guilty to possessing an indecent photograph or pseudo photograph of a child at Wood Green Crown Court in north London. He was handed a supervision requirement for two years, told to participate in a sex offenders’ treatment programme, and put on the sex offenders' register for five years. Wood Green Crown Court: The teacher pleaded guilty to possessing child porn at this north London court . This week, the tribunal barred the teacher from ever practising again. Mr Graham said: 'We are satisfied that Mr Edwards-Jones' actions were deliberate, as evidenced by the number of images, the number of computers and his attempts to delete images. 'We conclude that a prohibition order is necessary in order to protect members of the public, and in particular children, to maintain public confidence in the teaching profession and to declare and uphold proper standards of conduct. 'We consider, therefore, a prohibition order is proportionate'. Edwards-Jones, who did not attend the hearing in Coventry,now cannot teach at any school, sixth form college, relevant youth accommodation or children’s home in England and cannot reapply for registration. He has 28 days to appeal the decision.
highlights: Mark Edwards-Jones, 59, was a Year Ten science teacher in Potters Bar . Taught pupils aged 14 and 15 at Park Education Support Centre in the town . His internet service provider told police he was downloading child porn . Officers swooped on the teacher's home and found more than 200 images . Edwards-Jones tried to delete images even as police searched his house . He told officers he thought it was OK to look at such images in own home . National College for Teaching and Leadership banned him from teaching .
id: e0dc756370250ff675b3393be69409595e280d20
chatgpt: Former Potters Bar science teacher, Mark Edwards-Jones, 59, has been banned from teaching after being found guilty of downloading and possessing child pornography. Edwards-Jones was a Year Ten science teacher at Park Education Support Centre in the town, where he taught pupils aged 14 and 15. After being tipped off by his internet service provider, police searched Edwards-Jones' home and found over 200 explicit images of children. The former teacher even attempted to delete the images while the police were searching his property.  In his defense, Edwards-Jones claimed that he believed it was okay to look at such images in the privacy of his own home. However, the National College of Teaching and Leadership, which regulates the teaching profession in England, found his actions to be unacceptable and have subsequently banned him from teaching. Edwards-Jones' actions have understandably caused great concern and shock among both the school and the wider community. Teachers are entrusted with the well-being and education of our children, and such betrayal of trust is not only unacceptable but also deeply disturbing. Park Education Support Centre has stated that they are "working closely with the relevant authorities to ensure the safeguarding and well-being of all pupils" and that they "are doing everything possible to support those affected by this disturbing incident." Child pornography is an insidious and harmful practice that affects countless victims. The National Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children (NSPCC) has stated that "every single image is a crime scene and every single child has suffered abuse", and that "it is vital that those who commit such offenses are brought to justice and that their victims receive the appropriate support." In addition to the ban from teaching, Mark Edwards-Jones has also been added to the Sex Offenders Register, and will be unable to work with children in the future. The case serves as a stark reminder of the importance of safeguarding our children, and of the responsibility that comes with working in professions that involve their care and education. It is hoped that this case will encourage greater vigilance and action to prevent such incidents from happening in the future. The Potters Bar community is understandably shaken by this news, but it is hoped that the school and wider community will come together to provide support and care for those affected by this distressing incident.