article: Microsoft probably didn’t have this in mind when they created the Xbox - but British researchers are to use the games console for parts when they send it up into space. They hope that the Kinect technology will allow the craft to ‘see’ another satellite they have are also planning to launch orbit and allow the two to dock. The team will also be putting a Google Nexus phone inside which will serve as its on board computer. Their craft is the STRaND-2, or Surrey Training Research and Nanosatellite Development, and is an attempt to use everyday electronics in space craft . The researchers are turning to the Xbox because they are cheap to use and Microsoft has already done the hard part of creating the technology. Their craft is the STRaND-2, or Surrey Training Research and Nanosatellite Development, and is an attempt to use everyday electronics in space craft. STRaND-1 is already completed and set for launch but both are smaller than a shoebox and cost hundreds of thousands of pounds, compared to millions for the full size version. They do not even have any rockets of their own so need to piggyback another craft to get into space. The Kinect technology would work in the same way that it does for Xbox games - by identifying players, or in this case another satellite, and tracking where they move. This would ensure they lock onto each other and dock smoothly, something which has not been tried with space ships as small as this. If it works, the technology could be used on bigger space craft and significantly bring down the cost of space travel. Everyday electronics such as the Kinect motion sensor from Xbox will be used for the hi-tech docking procedure . SSTL project lead Shaun Kenyon said that he hoped the satellites could one day make ‘grocery runs’ for other vessels in orbit by bringing them new computers or spare batteries, or doing other routine maintenance. He said he was inspired by the autonomous model helicopter that had been created by the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and asked himself: ‘Why has no-one used this in space?’ He said: ‘Once you can launch low cost nanosatellites that dock together, the possibilities are endless - like space building blocks’.STRaND-1 is due for launch later this year and STRaND-2 is currently under construction.
highlights: Xbox motion sensor used to steer satellites together . Powered by Google Nexus smartphone as 'onboard computer' Will dock with another British satellite .
id: 43e89117d898eb6d99a15455b58772cdf1794cb1
chatgpt: A team of researchers from the University of Surrey in the UK has developed a unique application of Xbox's motion sensor to steer satellites. The technology, consisting of a Google Nexus smartphone as an onboard computer, will enable satellites to dock with each other in orbit. The team, working under the Science and Technology Facilities Council and the European Space Agency, is developing the tech as part of the government's "CubeSat" programme. This programme aims to significantly reduce the cost of satellite launches by creating smaller, more efficient satellites. The motion sensor of the Xbox Kinect system is being used to create a new docking system that will enable satellites to work together in orbit without human intervention.  The Kinect's sensors are capable of detecting movement within a space and relaying this information to the onboard computer. According to Dr. Aaron Knoll, the lead researcher at the University of Surrey, the Kinect sensor system is an ideal solution due to its low-cost, wide availability, and accuracy in detecting motion. The sensor system is being used as a natural user interface for the astronauts controlling the satellite, reducing complexity and making it easier to use. The Google Nexus smartphone will act as the central onboard computer, providing the required processing power to run the system. The team has tested their technology in environments that simulate the conditions of space, and have successfully managed to dock two satellites. The team is now planning to launch their satellite into space, scheduled for 2021, to join the rest of the British CubeSat fleet. Dr. Knoll highlighted the significance of this breakthrough: "This docking system will pave the way for cooperative work in space, from satellite maintenance and refurbishment, to debris removal and the assembly of space structures. This technology will bring us one step closer to making space launches more affordable and efficient." The CubeSat programme is part of the government's plan to develop a new spaceport in the UK, which will provide a commercial launch platform for small satellites. The successful launch of the satellite equipped with the Kinect system will be a significant step forward in the development of the CubeSat programme and in expanding the capabilities of satellite technology.