article: By . Leon Watson . A middle-aged scientist has gone to great lengths to impress a girl - but unfortunately for him his chat up technique just did cut it. Wu Lei, 54, from Taiwan, was so keen on 23-year-old Ling Lin he went to the hairdresser and asked for a short back and sides that would help him stand out. And he got it when his hair was styled into a perfectly right-angled flat top - a bit like a Lego man. With that, he thought he could corner her. Scroll down for video . Edgy: Wu Lei, 54, said he had wanted to impress a 23-year-old girl who he had tried to chat up but who had rejected his advances . Unfortunately, it didn't work and Wu's beau rejected his advances. Ling said the hairdo had made her even more unlikely to respect him as he looked like a Lego figure or character from the video game 'Warcraft'. She added: 'My friends call him blockhead, I can imagine he might have found someone as he had a good and respectable job as a medical laboratory scientist at the National Taiwan University Hospital. But he should act his age.' Wu who is still single despite the expensive hairdo said: 'I can't understand it. I make an attractive monthly income of TWD 70,000 (£1,400). Bit of a square: The young woman, Ling Lin, said the hairdo had made her even more unlikely to respect him as he looked like a lego figure . Cornering her: Wu, who is still single despite the expensive hairdo, said: 'I can't understand it' 'I adopted this hairstyle because I wanted to look like a guy in his 20s or 30s to attract the girl who rejected me. Or in fact any girl.' Styling his hair was not an easy task. He reportedly needs to use up two cans of gel and spends two hours doing his hair. He can also only comb it once every 15 days to get rid of dead hair. But the hairdo and the media coverage it attracted has made Wu a hit on the streets, with people pointing out 'Blockhead' to their kids and taking snaps of him. The famous local comic artist Cherng Li even featured Wu in one of his stories after seeing him on the metro, saying 'I could not get his figure out of my mind, so I had to put it onto paper.'
highlights: Wu Lei, 54, from Taiwan, wanted a cut that would help him stand out . So, he got it styled into a perfectly right-angled flat top - like a Lego man . Unfortunately, it didn't work and Wu's beau rejected his advances . She said she can't respect him and called him a 'blockhead' Wu, who is still single despite the hairdo, said: 'I can't understand it'
id: 69fc5d60ab79a817fe482358c505745034346b7d
chatgpt: Wu Lei, a 54-year-old man from Taiwan, wanted a haircut that would make him stand out from the crowd. He decided to have his hair styled into a perfectly right-angled flat top - like a Lego man. Unfortunately for Wu, his bold new haircut didn't quite have the desired effect. Despite his hopes that his new hairstyle would make him more attractive to women, Wu's advances to his beau were rejected. She told him that she couldn't respect him and called him a 'blockhead'. Wu, who is still single despite the hairdo, was left confused and disappointed by the whole ordeal. "I can't understand it," he said. It's not uncommon for people to experiment with their hair in an effort to express themselves or stand out in some way. In Wu's case, he clearly wanted a haircut that would make him feel more confident and unique. Unfortunately, it seems that his new 'do may have had the opposite effect, at least in the eyes of his romantic interest. While it's certainly possible that there are women out there who would find Wu's flat top appealing, it's clear that his current beau is not among them. It's also worth noting that there are many qualities that can make a person attractive beyond just their physical appearance, and perhaps Wu's focus on his hair as a means of attracting women is somewhat misguided. Despite his setback, Wu seems to be taking it all in stride. He hasn't given up on finding love, and he hasn't given up on his unique hairstyle either. For better or for worse, Wu's Lego man-inspired look has become a part of his identity, even if it hasn't had quite the effect he was hoping for. In today's world, where social media and constant self-promotion are the norm, it's easy to get caught up in the idea that our appearance is everything. But at the end of the day, true attraction and connection often come from a deeper place than just our physical appearance. So while Wu's haircut may not have been a hit with his current love interest, it's ultimately up to each individual to decide what makes them feel confident and happy - regardless of what others may think.