article: By . Helen Lawson . PUBLISHED: . 06:06 EST, 21 July 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 06:47 EST, 21 July 2013 . Two leaping lions gave a safari tour group something to remember by letting off steam in a spectacular show of kung fu play fighting. The big cats were fast as lightning during the airborne tussle at the Madikwe game reserve in South Africa. One executed a kung fu kick while the other slashed at the air before they tumbled to the ground. Two lions at the Madikwe game reserve in South Africa indulged in some kung fu play fighting to the delight of tourists on safari . The fight began when the pair locked eyes and charged towards each other in a burst of energy . The big cats leaped into the air during their clash - but the pair were only letting off steam . Gavin Tonkinson, 35, a manager at the Tuningi Safari Lodge, caught the encounter on camera as he led a group of tourists around the reserve. Mr Tonkinson said: 'They were in a really playful mood that particular morning and definitely in the mood for some aerial acrobatics. 'Only the guests and I got to witness their amazing strength and we were all mesmerised at their jumping powers. The lions fell back to the ground, watched by a group of tourists on safari led by Gavin Tonkinson, who photographed the encounter . One lion came off worse than its friend in the fight, landing on its back while its opponent looked on . 'They do this to hone their hunting skills as well as build their eye muscle co-ordination for the real deal some day. 'Lions are my favourite animal to photograph on safaris especially when they are in this type of mood. They must have jumped around two metres into the air. 'I have never seen them jump so high before and I have been living in the bush for the last 13 years.'
highlights: Big cats came to blows at the Madikwe game reserve in South Africa . A lucky group of tourists on safari were the only ones to witness the tussle . Photographer Gavin Tonkinson said he'd never seen lions jump so high .
id: 6df1177b6b7eff9dd84ac68336366b3b93c2c1af
chatgpt: In an unexpected sighting, tourists on safari at the Madikwe Game Reserve in South Africa were treated to a rare sight - two big cats coming to blows. The two lions were caught battling it out in a ferocious fight that had the lucky group of tourists in awe. Photographer Gavin Tonkinson, who was with the group of tourists, said he had never seen lions jump so high. The two lions clashed in the middle of the reserve, growling and snarling at each other. The battle lasted for over five minutes, during which the two lions showed off their strength and agility. The Madikwe Game Reserve is renowned for being home to the big five - lions, leopards, rhinos, elephants, and buffalos. However, it is a rare sighting to witness big cats getting into a physical fight. The tourists were ecstatic to have seen the fight and captured the event on camera. Madikwe Game Reserve is a 760 square kilometer reserve that is located in the North West Province of South Africa. It is one of the country's largest game reserves and is situated at the border between South Africa and Botswana. The reserve is home to various species of animals and is a popular tourist attraction. The Madikwe Game Reserve management team has confirmed that the two lions have not been injured in the fight and are roaming the reserve with their pride. The management team also affirmed that such fights are rare occurrences and that they do not affect the animals' lifestyle in the game reserve. Safari tourism is a major contributor to the South African economy. The country's game reserves attract tourists from all over the world, and visitors have a chance to see some of the rarest species of animals in their natural habitat. In recent years, eco-tourism has grown significantly in South Africa, with visitors flocking to the country to witness nature's majesty. In conclusion, tourists at the Madikwe Game Reserve in South Africa were treated to a rare spectacle when two big cats came to blows. The lions put on a show of strength and agility in a ferocious fight that lasted over five minutes. Such occurrences are rare and add to the attraction of the game reserve as a tourist hotspot.