article: When your star player kung-fu kicks a fan, you expect that to be the end of their time at your club - yet when Eric Cantona assaulted a supporter it actually extended his stay at Old Trafford! The former Manchester United forward was set to join Inter Milan in 1995 but his indiscretion and subsequent ban ensured the Italian side pulled out of the deal. In an interview with Italian paper Corriere della Sera, ex-Inter president Massimo Moratti revealed that he had teed up a double swoop for Cantona and then-Sampdoria forward Roberto Mancini towards the backend of 1994. Ex-Manchester United forward Eric Cantona kung-fu kicks a Crystal Palace fan at Selhurst Park, January 1995 . Cantona (left) was close to joining Inter Milan before the kick, according to the Italian club's former president Massimo Moratti. Inter were also pursuing a deal for then Sampdoria striker Roberto Mancini too . Cantona argues with Palace fans before jumping into the crowd and kung-fu kicking one supporter . However, Cantona's kung-fu kick and barrage of punches towards a Crystal Palace supporter at Selhurst Park after he was sent off ensured the deal could not go ahead. The ex-France international was fined £20,000 and banned for four months by United, but the FA then increased the suspension to eight months and he was forced to pay another £10,000 as well. He was also originally sentenced to a 14-day prison sentence after being convicted of assault but that was quashed on appeal. Cantona leaves the field after being sent off for United at Selhurst Park in January 1995 . Cantona (centre) leaves Croydon Crown Court with police after his 14-day prison sentence is quashed . The length of the ban ensured Inter could not pursue the deal for Cantona - and Sampdoria changed their mind about selling Mancini, meaning neither player moved to the San Siro. In Corriere, Moratti is quoted as saying: 'Then Cantona did it. 'In London, with me present, this kung-fu kick of the Crystal Palace fan. 'And then he wanted to stay in Manchester, while Sampdoria then decided that they would not let Mancini leave.' Cantona subsequently remained at United until he retired in 1997. He scored in 80 goals in 185 games for the club after signing from Leeds United in 1992. Cantona jumps to score for Manchester United - he netted 80 goals in 185 games for the club .
highlights: Eric Cantona kung-fu kicked a Crystal Palace fan in January 1995 . He was subsequently banned for eight months and fined £30,000 in all . Ex-Inter Milan president Massimo Moratti claims the club were close to signing Cantona in 1995 before he assaulted Palace fan . The former Manchester United star then remained at Old Trafford .
id: 4410720718419e56f28ea4e1b8001ee85c1f432f
chatgpt: Former Inter Milan President Massimo Moratti has recently revealed that the Italian club was on the verge of signing Manchester United legend Eric Cantona in 1995, just before the infamous incident where Cantona kung-fu kicked a Crystal Palace fan.  As the football world knew, Cantona was handed an eight-month ban and fined £30,000 for his actions. However, according to Moratti, it is quite possible that Cantona would have been playing for Inter Milan if not for that regrettable incident. In an interview with Italian news outlet La Repubblica, Moratti spoke about how Inter Milan was in talks with Cantona before he lashed out at the Palace fan. Moratti said that he was “convinced” that Cantona would have played for Inter Milan if not for the attack. However, the incident changed everything and Cantona remained at Old Trafford serving his ban. The incident in question occurred on January 25, 1995, during Manchester United’s game against Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park. Cantona was sent off for a challenge on Palace defender Richard Shaw, which led to him being taunted by a Palace fan as he walked towards the tunnel. In a moment of madness, Cantona jumped into the stands and launched a kung-fu kick towards the fan, which led to a melee involving players and fans alike. The incident became one of the most infamous moments in Premier League history and Cantona was vilified by many in the media. However, for many Manchester United fans, he remained a hero, and they welcomed him back to the team with open arms after he served his ban. Looking back, it's hard to imagine what might have been if Cantona had signed for Inter Milan instead of Manchester United. He had already established himself as one of the most talented players in the world, and it's tantalizing to think about what he might have achieved at Inter Milan under the guidance of legendary manager Roy Hodgson. Nevertheless, it was not meant to be, and Cantona went on to achieve great things with Manchester United. He was a vital member of the team that won four Premier League titles in five years and was named the Premier League Player of the Season three times.  Despite the regrettable incident that blighted his career, Cantona is still remembered as one of the greatest players to ever grace the Premier League, and his legacy at Manchester United will live on for generations to come.