article: (CNN) -- For his final show, Stephen Colbert went out with a bang and a song. The Comedy Central host aired his last episode of "The Colbert Report" on Thursday as he prepares to take over David Letterman's "The Late Show" in 2015. "If this is your first time tuning in to 'The Colbert Report,' I have some terrible news," Colbert announced during the finale. "This in fact is your last time tuning in to 'The Colbert Report.' Until 10 years from now, when they reboot it directed by J.J. Abrams." The man who was 'Stephen Colbert' But for now, "like Mary Poppins or Gandhi," it's time for the Stephen Colbert we came to know on "The Colbert Report" to retire. "The truthiness is all those incredible things that people say I did --- none of that was really me," Colbert said during his goodbye. "You, the Nation, did all of that. I just got paid for it." So as a thank you, Colbert staged an elaborate farewell scenario that included him killing off death -- a.k.a., "Grimmy" -- with a handgun and becoming "immortal," promising that "We'll Meet Again." To prove his point, Colbert rounded up pretty much every celebrity he knows -- from George Lucas to Big Bird -- for a performance of that very song. The Colbert ReportGet More: Daily Show Full Episodes,Indecision Political Humor,The Colbert Report on Facebook . Once the song and dance was done, Colbert was ready to sign off for good -- from eternity, and accompanied by Santa Claus, Abraham Lincoln and Alex Trebek. (Seriously.) "We've finally come to the end of 'The Colbert Report,'" Colbert said. "Nine great years, 1,447 wonderful episodes -- I've just got too many people to thank. So I'll just thank Mavis Staples. Mavis, if you could just call everybody tomorrow, that would be great. ... OK, that's the show. From eternity, I'm Stephen Colbert." The Colbert ReportGet More: Daily Show Full Episodes,Indecision Political Humor,The Colbert Report on Facebook . But perhaps the best part about his sign-off is that it went right back to where it all started: with Jon Stewart's "The Daily Show." "Thanks for that report, Stephen," Stewart said, before leading into the final scene of "The Colbert Report": an outtake from 2010 of Colbert and Stewart, being every bit as goofy and charming as we'd want them to be.
highlights: Stephen Colbert's final show aired Thursday . He said goodbye with a star-studded sing-a-long . Colbert will take over "The Late Show" in 2015 .
id: 3e45da858540977df44bbeaa8683b1e562249b86
chatgpt: Stephen Colbert, the beloved comedian and television host, bid his final farewell to television screens across America on Thursday night. After nine years at the helm of his groundbreaking Comedy Central show, "The Colbert Report," he moved on to the next chapter in his career with a star-studded sing-a-long and heartfelt goodbye. Colbert's final night was a fun and emotional celebration of all that he accomplished in his nearly decade-long stint. The show’s final episode received congratulatory messages from President Barack Obama, J.J. Abrams, Arianna Huffington, Neil deGrasse Tyson, Jon Stewart, Bill Clinton and countless other famous faces. Colbert was truly touched by the outpouring of support, and ended the show by thanking his fans for their unwavering loyalty. But this is not the end for Stephen Colbert. In fact, it's just the beginning. He's set to take over "The Late Show" from David Letterman in 2015, and fans couldn't be more excited. Colbert's unique brand of humor and biting social commentary has endeared him to audiences across the country, and it's sure to be a hit on his new venture.  The move to “The Late Show” will be a change of pace for Colbert, but he's up for the challenge. In truth, his new job will likely come with a much larger audience and greater responsibility. The transition should be smooth, however, as the late-night genre is no stranger to Colbert. He's had a great deal of experience in the field, including stints on “The Daily Show” and “The Dana Carvey Show,” and his fans know he's up to the task. Colbert has no shortage of fans, and for good reason. His unique blend of biting satire, intellectual discourse, and witty humor has cemented him as one of the most beloved figures in entertainment. He's not afraid to go out on a limb when it comes to political commentary, and he's earned a reputation as one of the most incisive and intelligent voices in the public sphere. The stars truly aligned for Colbert during his nine-year tenure on “The Colbert Report,” but he's ready for his next adventure. Fans will miss his nightly dose of humor and insight, but they look forward to the new opportunities and challenges that lie ahead on “The Late Show.” Colbert's final show may have aired, but his influence will be felt for years to come. He's left an indelible mark on the world of comedy and television, and his legacy is sure to endure.