article: Fashion designers Domenico Dolce and Stefano Gabbana, have been put on today for alleged tax evasion. The investigation of the duo, who count pop star Madonna and model Naomi Campbell among their clients, is one of the most prominent tax cases involving celebrities in Italy. The designers, who deny any wrongdoing . and did not attend the hearing on Monday, stand accused of not declaring . taxes in Italy on royalties of around one billion euros - approximately . £760million. The case is one of the few high-profile tax disputes to go to court in Italy, where the government of Mario Monti has launched a clampdown on tax dodgers, including highly-publicised police raids in yacht marinas and chic ski resorts. On trial: Stefano Gabbana (left) and Domenico Dolce deny defrauding the Italian government of around one billion euros in taxes . Prosecutor Laura Pedio alleges the duo sold their D&G and Dolce & Gabbana brands to a holding company they set up in Luxembourg in 2004 in order to avoid paying taxes in Italy, where corporate tax rates are among the world's highest. The two Italian business partners had been cleared from accusations of tax cheating by a previous Milan court last year. But a higher court overturned the acquittal, paving the way for the trial. Madonna, a customer of D&G, pictured wearing one of their outfits at a premiere in 2008 . The designers, who draw inspiration from Sicily's and Italy's 'sweet life' style of the 1950s, have kept a low profile on the case after Gabbana lashed out at the high court's decision last year, saying on Twitter he could leave the country. 'Everyone knows that we haven't done anything,' Gabbana said in a tweet in June when the Milan court ordered the trial. Six other people, including a tax consultant, also face trial. If found guilty, they risk a sentence of up to five years in prison. At Monday's hearing, a lawyer for Dolce and Gabbana asked the court to annul the trial on grounds of alleged irregularities in the notification of court proceedings. The court will decide on the request on December 14. The designers did not comment on the case on Monday and their lawyer was not immediately reachable for a comment. Previous tax cases involving celebrities in Italy have led to out-of-court settlements, agreements that avoid long legal proceedings and possibly harsher punishments. In 2000, the late tenor Luciano Pavarotti paid more than $12 million in back taxes when he settled a four-year dispute. Argentine soccer great Diego Maradona owes some 38 million euros in unpaid taxes to Italian authorities, according to media reports. He has said he wanted to clear up his situation. Meanwhile, former MotoGP world champion Valentino Rossi agreed to pay $51 million to Italy's tax agency in 2008 after a lengthy probe. The trial continues. Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
highlights: Designers strongly deny any wrong-doing over tax evasion charges . Duo did not appear in court to defend claims they set up holding company abroad to avoid Italy's high tax rates . One of many high-profile cases as Italy stamps down on tax dodgers .
id: 47ba7bca252e3f8acf41b4795a4ee0e78a6c6f19
chatgpt: Two prominent Italian designers are vehemently denying any allegations of tax evasion as they steer their fashion house through the stormy waters of controversy. Domenico Dolce and Stefano Gabbana, the brains behind Dolce & Gabbana, have been accused of setting up a holding company in Luxembourg to avoid paying taxes in their home country. However, the fashion moguls have maintained their innocence after failing to appear in court to respond to the charges. The case marks yet another in a long line of high-profile instances of tax fraud, as the Italian government remains resolute in its attempt to crack down on wealthy tax dodgers. While the designers are quick to deny any wrongdoing, their alleged actions have stoked public outrage at a time when Italy is struggling to tame its spiraling debt. The Italian Tax Agency claims that the designers owe €1.3 billion in unpaid taxes, though Dolce and Gabbana dispute these allegations. They claim that they did not set up the holding company to avoid taxes but instead intended to protect their brand and preserve their independence, which they achieved by selling their main business to the Luxembourg company. Despite their refusal to attend court, Dolce and Gabbana released a joint statement, accusing the Italian government of placing them in an impossible position. They said that they had been left with no other option but to take drastic measures in order to ensure the survival of their business. They also noted that the "deeply felt opinions of millions of people" were behind them. The designers face tough opposition from the Italian government, however. Earlier this year, Italy’s highest court upheld their conviction for tax evasion relating to the sale of their brand to Luxembourg-based company Gado in 2004. Both designers received suspended jail sentences and were ordered to pay a considerable fine. The Dolce & Gabbana brand generated an estimated €1.37 billion in revenue last year, making it one of Italy's most recognizable and profitable fashion houses. Despite concerns over its future, Dolce and Gabbana remain steadfast in their commitment to their brand, insisting their goal is to continue producing exceptional fashion pieces that captivate the hearts of their customers. The case highlights the continuing push to ensure that everyone pays their fair share of tax in Italy. When faced with the challenge of dealing with wealthy tax evaders, the authorities are not hesitating in their attempts to bring them to justice, even if it means taking them to court. As the country's economy continues to falter, every penny counts and it appears the authorities are not willing to turn a blind eye, regardless of how high-profile the offender may be. While it remains to be seen how this particular case will play out, it is clear that the issue of tax evasion is one that will remain at the forefront of Italy's agenda for some time to come. As the pressures on the country's economy continue and the need for revenue grows, the government will likely become even more aggressive in its attempts to bring tax dodgers to justice. It seems that no one, no matter how famous or wealthy, is exempt from the law when it comes to evading taxes in Italy.