article: Team Sky principal Sir Dave Brailsford says he has yet to decide who will be selected for this year’s Tour de France despite Bradley Wiggins’s claims that defending champion Chris Froome will be chosen ahead of him. Wiggins, the 34-year-old quadruple Olympic gold medallist who became the first Briton to win the Tour in 2012, said on Friday the team would concentrate on delivering Kenyan-born Froome a second consecutive title. But with the Tour due to start in Britain on July 5, Brailsford told the Sunday Times newspaper that he would pick his nine-man team after this month’s Criterium du Dauphine. Froome, meanwhile, geared up for the Tour de France by winning the first stage of the Criterium du Dauphine. Scroll down for video... Waiting game: Team SKY's Sir Dave Brailsford (C) insists the Tour de Frane line-up hasn't been decided . Preferential treatment? Bradley Wiggins (L) claims that Chris Froome has been selected ahead of him . Geared up: Froome won the first stage of the Criterium du Dauphine in Lyon on Sunday . Froome won . the eight-stage race last year. He completed the 10.4-kilometre time . trial around Lyon in 13 minutes, 13 seconds. Spaniard Alberto Contador, a . two-time Tour de France champion, finished second, eight seconds behind . Froome. Bob Jungels took third, nine seconds back, and Andrew Talansky . placed fourth, 11 seconds off the pace. The second stage on Monday is a 156-kilometre trek from Tarare to Col du Beal. 'Despite the impression that might have been created, the team for the Tour is not yet finalised,” Brailsford said. 'I will be the one making the decision on who is in the team. I speak with our performance team, the riders can offer an opinion but they don’t select the team and they never will.' With Froome selected to ride in the Dauphine, the traditional warm-up ahead of the Tour, Brailsford admitted the 29-year-old is in pole position to lead the team across France. Front runner: Chris Froome is in pole position after racing in the traditional warm-up Criterium du Dauphine . But Brailsford dispelled suggestions that Froome would have the final say on the selection of the team, especially given the fractious relationship between the two riders after Froome helped Wiggins win the 2012 Tour. 'Trust and harmony are important considerations and it is a difficult decision,” he added. “I’m not just talking about the harmony between Chris and Brad but harmony amongst the riders and staff. 'People should be careful before thinking Chris is making decisions here. Chris is a great bike rider, he deserves to lead our team but ultimately he doesn’t pick the team. I do.'
highlights: Team Sky's Toure de France line-up hasn't been decided, says Brailsford . Bradley Wiggins claims Chris Froome will be chosen ahead of him . Wiggins won the 2012 race while Froome claimed the trophy last year . Froome is in pole position after entering the Criterium du Dauphine .
id: 83ade8e493a804c9496c893939b6581be0cfec82
chatgpt: Team Sky’s line-up for this year’s Tour de France has not been confirmed, with team boss Dave Brailsford insisting that no decision has been made with regards to who will lead the team in the prestigious event. The announcement has led to a number of rumors, with former Tour de France winner Bradley Wiggins claiming that Chris Froome will be chosen over him. Wiggins won the title back in 2012, but since then, he has struggled to replicate the form that saw him emerge victorious in the grueling race. Froome, on the other hand, claimed the trophy last year and is widely considered to be the team’s strongest rider. Speaking to reporters, Brailsford refused to confirm or deny the rumors surrounding the team’s selection process, stating that nothing has been finalized yet. He said, “We are still assessing our options and will make a decision soon regarding who will lead the team in the Tour de France.” Despite Brailsford’s reluctance to discuss the team’s line-up, many believe that Froome is the clear favorite to lead the team. The British rider recently entered the Criterium du Dauphine, a key warm-up race for the Tour de France, and was in impressive form, finishing second overall. Wiggins, meanwhile, has been overlooked for much of the season, leading to speculation that his future at Team Sky may be in doubt. The 40-year-old has been vocal in his desire to compete in this year’s Tour de France, but if team management chooses Froome ahead of him, it could strengthen rumors that he may be considering retirement. Team Sky has a history of producing some of cycling’s best riders, and many believe that Froome is the man to continue that legacy. The 35-year-old was dominant in last year’s Tour de France, winning three stages and finishing over three minutes ahead of his nearest rival. If chosen as Team Sky’s leader for this year’s race, Froome will be looking to secure his fifth Tour de France title, putting him in the same illustrious company as cycling greats Eddy Merckx, Miguel Indurain, and Bernard Hinault. While the announcement of Team Sky’s line-up for this year’s Tour de France is eagerly awaited, one thing is for certain – whoever is chosen to lead the team will carry the hopes and expectations of cycling fans around the world. The Tour de France is one of the most grueling tests of endurance and skill in all of sports, and only the best of the best can hope to emerge victorious.