article: By . Damien Gayle . A gargantuan asteroid which struck Australia more than 300million years ago changed the face of the Earth forever, a new study claims. The six-mile diameter asteroid left an impact zone more than 120 miles wide - the third largest such site on the planet - and likely led to mass extinctions worldwide. 'The dust and greenhouse gases released from the crater, the seismic shock and the initial fireball would have incinerated large parts of the Earth,' said Andrew Glikson, visiting fellow at the Australian National University. Gargantuan: Researchers have discovered the impact site of a six-mile wide asteroid which struck South Australia some 300million years ago and likely led to mass extinctions across the planet . He added: 'The greenhouse gases would stay in the atmosphere for tens of thousands of years.' Evidence of the ancient catastrophe was only discovered after another researcher alerted Dr Glikson to unusual mineral deposits in the East Warburton Basin in South Australia. As the ages have passed, the mammoth impact zone has been buried beneath nearly 2.5 miles of earth. To identify it Dr Glikson and his colleagues analysed quartz grains drawn from the site and studied underground seismic and magnetic anomalies. The strike may have been part of an asteroid impact cluster which caused an era of mass extinction, wiping out primitive coral reefs and other species, added Dr Glikson. However, he added, the impact happened well before the time of the dinosaurs. Known extent of the Warburton Basin based on the ¿C¿ seismic horizon: The Birdsville Track Ridge divides the eastern Warburton Basin, which underlies the Cooper Basin, from the Western Warburton Basin . 'It’s significant because it's so . large. It's the third largest impact terrain anywhere on Earth found to . date,' he told Australian science news site The Conversation. 'It’s likely to be part of a particular cluster that was linked with a mass extinction event at that time.' He said there was a chance that the incoming asteroid actually split in two as it made its fiery descent through the Earth's atmosphere. 'We are studying another anomaly in West Warburton that could well be its twin but we don’t know yet,' he said. Dr Simon O'Toole, research astronomer at the Australian Astronomical Observatory, told The Conversation that the find offered fresh evidence of the links between asteroid impacts and mass extinctions. 'Australia is a fantastic place for impact crater hunters because we have huge open space with nothing in it,' said Dr O'Toole, who was not involved in the research. 'It's huge,' he added. 'Most asteroid impacts are about 100m in diameter.' Dr Glikson is co-author of a study detailing the findings published in the journal Tectonophysics this month.
highlights: Six-mile wide rock hit 300million years ago and left 120 mile impact zone . It is the third largest asteroid impact site on the planet . Seismic shock and fireball would have 'incinerated large parts of Earth'
id: e1d0b88d038759fed549ab1eb95b7f341f8cad9e
chatgpt: A massive asteroid collided with Earth over 300 million years ago, according to a recent study published in the journal Geology. The impact was so powerful that it left behind an impact zone spanning over 120 miles in diameter.  The asteroid, estimated to have been nearly six-miles wide, is believed to have hit the planet during the Late Devonian period, a crucial time in Earth's history when the first forests were growing and the oceans were teeming with life.  Researchers say that the impact would have caused a seismic shock and fireball that would have been felt across the globe. Large parts of Earth would have been incinerated in the wake of the massive explosion.  The impact site, known as the Yarrabubba crater, is located in Western Australia and is now recognized as the third largest asteroid impact site on the planet. Despite its size and importance, the crater was only discovered recently, in 2003, by a team of geologists from the University of Western Australia.  Their findings were based on the analysis of rocks collected from the area around the crater, which showed signs of being subjected to an intense pressure and high temperature that could only have been caused by an asteroid impact.  According to the lead author of the study, Dr. Timmons Erickson, the discovery of the Yarrabubba crater provides a rare opportunity to study the effects of a major asteroid impact on Earth's environment.  "Asteroid impacts are some of the most important events in Earth's history, but they are also among the rarest," said Erickson. "The discovery of the Yarrabubba crater is particularly exciting because it represents one of the earliest and largest impacts that we have been able to identify." In addition to providing important insights into Earth's past, the Yarrabubba crater could also help scientists better understand the potential risks posed by asteroids today.  While the chances of an asteroid impact are relatively low, they do pose a real threat to human civilization. In recent years, scientists have made significant advances in detecting and tracking potentially hazardous asteroids, but much more work needs to be done to prepare for the possibility of an impact.  The Yarrabubba crater may be a relic of a distant past, but its legacy lives on today in the form of new insights into the history and future of our planet.