article: (CNN)  -- The only two baby mountain gorillas in captivity -- orphaned two years ago after their mothers were slain in massacres -- will soon be getting a lush, new playpen, Congo's wildlife authority announced Friday. Ndeze and Ndakasi will be romping in a special sanctuary, the Senkwekwe Center now under construction in Virunga National Park, where about 200 of the world's remaining 700 mountain gorillas live. "This is paradise for them," said Samantha Newport, the park's communications director. "They will be able to play around, climb trees and eat forest food." Authorities began building the center in July 2007 but had to stop work after rebels invaded the park during the long-running civil war that raged in the Democratic Republic of Congo. Work resumed in September as hostilities subsided. The center is expected to be ready for occupancy by March. The babies were found in 2007 when they were 2 months old, one on her slain mother and the other on the back of her brother, who was alive when the baby was found. Authorities don't know who killed the mothers, but they suspect that the perpetrators were those engaging in the park's illegal charcoal industry, in which people cut down trees for fuel so they can cook and boil water. Newport said park rangers who found the babies hustled them out of the park to the city of Goma, where they have been living on a site with a house and trees. "If they had not been taken out of the wild, they would have died," she said. Newport doesn't know whether the two will be moved out of the center and into the wild when they get older. The Senkwekwe Center is a 2.5-acre plot of forest three miles from the mountain gorilla habitat in Virunga. Emmanuel de Merode, director of Virunga National Park, said that along with sheltering the baby gorillas, the center offers "a unique opportunity to enable the local population to see gorillas, and provides a launch pad for the veterinary activities that are conducted throughout Virunga." The center will have a 40-by-40-meter interior holding facility, visitation platforms, an education center and veterinary facilities. The wildlife authority is raising $100,000 for the completion of the center, and donations will be matched by the United Nations Foundation. Gorillas have been caught in the middle of the civil warfare in recent years, and fighters had occupied large swaths of the 8,000--square-kilometer park. The gorilla section is in a strategically important area near the borders of Rwanda and Uganda.
highlights: Ndeze and Ndakasi will move to the Senkwekwe Center in Virunga National Park . About 200 of the world's remaining 700 mountain gorillas live at the park . The babies were found in 2007 when they were 2 months old; their mothers were killed .
id: 5fafbf4b8c6f29745d894307e220de6706fbbf63
chatgpt: Ndeze and Ndakasi, two mountain gorillas rescued over a decade ago, are set to move to the Senkwekwe Center in Virunga National Park in the Democratic Republic of Congo.  Virunga National Park is home to around 700 mountain gorillas. With just 200 of them left in the world, these gorillas are classified as critically endangered. The Senkwekwe Center, where Ndeze and Ndakasi will be moved to, is a gorilla orphanage located in the park where young gorillas are cared for before being reintroduced to the wild. Ndeze and Ndakasi were found in 2007 in the park when they were only two months old, after their mothers were killed. They were taken in by the park rangers and have been raised at an orphanage operated by the park since then. Now, at 12 years old, they are too old to remain in the orphanage, and it is time for them to be relocated to the Senkwekwe Center. The move of Ndeze and Ndakasi is expected to be a challenging task as the gorillas will need to be sedated, transported and eventually reintegrated with other gorillas in their new environment. The move is scheduled to take place in the coming weeks, and park officials are working hard to ensure a successful transition. The Senkwekwe Center was established after many orphaned gorillas were rescued in the park due to poachers killing their mother gorillas for bushmeat. The center has since rehabilitated and released several gorillas back into the park. Gorillas introduced into the wild are carefully monitored to ensure their survival.  The move is crucial to ensure these critically endangered gorillas have the best chances of survival. With their mothers gone, they need to be cared for by park officials who have dedicated their lives to protecting the mountain gorillas. The Senkwekwe Center provides a safe haven for these animals to be cared for, learn and integrate. These mountain gorillas are important, not only for the ecosystem of the Virunga National Park but for the entire world. The success of the gorilla conservation project has been hailed worldwide owing to the tireless efforts of the park rangers, local communities and government partners who are working together to save these majestic creatures. The move of Ndeze and Ndakasi to the Senkwekwe Center is another example of the effort being made to save these incredible animals. It is hoped that the move of Ndeze and Ndakasi to the Senkwekwe Center will inspire more people to take up conservation efforts, as the existence of these gorillas is important for both the ecosystem and natural biodiversity of our planet. The dedication of the Senkwekwe Center and the Virunga National Park personnel to ensuring the welfare of the gorillas should serve as an inspiration to all of us to do our part in preserving our environment.