article: By . Paul Collins . Cristiano Ronaldo looked like he was preparing for life in Brazil as he dazzled his Portugal team-mates in training with a samba dance. The Real Madrid superstar is known for bamboozling defenders with a quick shimmy of his hips and he put those skills to good use by dancing around the ball as team-mate Hugo Almeida ran in to tackle him. Pepe, Ronaldo's pal at Madrid and the national side, looked very impressed and began to do his own samba wiggle in response. But the Portugal hatchetman displayed a little less grace than the Ballon d'Or winner. Scroll down to watch Ronaldo's samba dance . Samba style: Cristiano Ronaldo (second left) shows his dancing skills to the delight of his Portugal pals . Quick step: The Real Madrid star shuffled his hips to confuse team-mate Hugo Almeida (right) Snap him up for Strictly! Pepe (second right) looked especially impressed with the superstar's skills . Ronaldo gave Portugal a boost on the eve of the World Cup by resuming training ahead of Tuesday's friendly against the Republic of Ireland at the MetLife Stadium in New Jersey. The 29-year-old Real forward has been struggling with tendinosis in his knee and a muscle injury in his left thigh since the end of the domestic campaign and there were serious fears he may miss Portugal’s opening game of the World Cup against Germany on June 16. However, the Portuguese Football Association confirmed encouraging news on Saturday, nine days before the country's opener in Salvador. Close control: Ronaldo shows off his silky ball skills during Portugal training . Injury doubts: Ronaldo is working back to full fitness following thigh and knee problems . When in the USA... Ronaldo throws an American football while warming up during training in New Jersey . Ronaldo inspired Madrid to their 10th Champions League title - La Decima - last season and has now spoken of his desire to add the World Cup to his huge trophy haul. But Portugal are far from favourites for the World Cup – they have been drawn in a tricky group alongside Germany, Ghana and the United States, so reaching the knockout stages will be far from easy.
highlights: Ronaldo showed his Brazilian-style dance moves during training . Team-mate Pepe looked impressed with the Real Madrid star . Portugal kick-off their World Cup campaign against Germany . Ronaldo returned to training last week following injury problems .
id: fc0cf672a57bf825161c855826cbd206e2f9fd2b
chatgpt: Portugal's talisman and one of the greatest footballers of all time, Cristiano Ronaldo, displayed his Brazilian-style dance moves during a recent training session, ahead of his side's crucial World Cup opener against Germany. The Real Madrid star showed his lighter side, entertaining his teammates and the coaching staff with his impressive footwork and moves. Ronaldo's team-mate Pepe was amongst those impressed with the Portuguese star’s abilities, as he watched and applauded from the sidelines. The Real Madrid defender appeared to be enjoying himself as the team prepared for their first match of the tournament. The Portuguese captain has been in the news of late, having made his return to training last week following injury problems. The 36-year-old had missed a number of games for his club side in the lead up to the tournament due to injury, and there were concerns that he would not be fit for the start of the World Cup. However, Ronaldo has been working hard to get back to full fitness and appears to be ready for the start of the campaign. Portugal, who are the reigning European champions, will kick-off their World Cup campaign against one of the tournament favourites, Germany, in what promises to be a thrilling and closely fought encounter. The game will take place in the stunning Allianz Arena in Munich, and a win for either side could prove to be crucial in the race for top spot in Group F. Ronaldo has been the key player for Portugal in recent years, and much of their success will rest on his shoulders once again. He will be hoping to replicate his club form on the international stage, where he has already scored 104 goals in 175 appearances. The Portuguese coach, Fernando Santos, will also be looking to his other star players, including Bernardo Silva and Bruno Fernandes, to step up and support Ronaldo in attack. The key for the Portuguese will be to defend solidly and try to take advantage of any openings they get during the game. Portugal will face Germany full of confidence, after success in recent years, their squad is packed with experience and quality players. The Portuguese will be hoping to continue their impressive run of form and cause an upset by beating one of the pre-tournament favourites. With Ronaldo back fit and dancing in training, Portugal's chances of success at this World Cup are looking good.