article: Los Angeles (CNN) -- The final international leg of Glen Campbell's "Goodbye Tour" in Australia and New Zealand has been canceled because the long flight would have been too taxing for him, his representative said Wednesday. The Country Music Hall of Famer began the world tour last year after he went public with his Alzheimer's diagnosis. Campbell, 76, will perform the final shows on his U.S. tour, including six more shows this month and two in October, his rep said. "As August approaches Glen realizes that he cannot handle the extremely long travel that is required from Los Angeles to New Zealand and Australia," his rep said. "He has always loved performing in these countries and apologizes to his fans Down Under." Last fall, Campbell released his final album, "Ghost on the Canvas," then hit the road on for his farewell tour. Despite his illness, Campbell delivers a smooth performance. He uses teleprompters at the foot of the stage help him with lyrics to the songs he's sung for decades. Michael Jackson's family attacks executors . His family surrounds him on the stage to help in those rare moments when he becomes disoriented. "He looks at me sometimes if he is confused, and I just smile at him," said daughter Ashley, who stands nearby playing keyboards, banjo and violin. "I just try to make him feel like he is surrounded by people that love him on stage." Campbell, who won five Grammys during his recording career, was given a Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award this year. He also performed in the live Grammys telecast in February. Campbell began his recording career as a Los Angeles studio musician in the late 1950s, lending his talents to many hits. He became part of the renowned "Wrecking Crew" of musicians. Bobby Vee's bravest song . Campbell joined the Beach Boys as a tour fill-in for Brian Wilson in 1964 and 1965. He played on the group's "Pet Sounds" studio album in 1966. He released his first solo record in 1962, but his career skyrocketed with the 1967 release of two songs that made music history. "Gentle on My Mind" was awarded two Grammys in the country category, while "By the Time I Get to Phoenix" was honored with two pop Grammys. Other major hits followed, including "Wichita Lineman" in 1968 and "Galveston" a year later. He hit the top of the country chart again in 1975 with "Rhinestone Cowboy" and with "Southern Nights" in 1977. John Wayne was so impressed with the Arkansas native that he cast him in his 1969 big-screen classic "True Grit." Campbell's acting earned him a Golden Globe nomination for "Most Promising Newcomer." Campbell became a television star when he hosted a summer replacement show on CBS in 1968, which led to "The Glen Campbell Goodtime Hour," debuting in May 1969. CNN's Denise Quan contributed to this report.
highlights: NEW: Campbell "realizes that he cannot handle the extremely long travel that is required," rep says . Glen Campbell, 76, will perform the final shows on his U.S. tour this month and in October . Campbell began the world tour last year after he went public with his Alzheimer's diagnosis . His family surrounds him on the stage to help in case he becomes disoriented .
id: 770776e83b91b681e45caa2094191b33c077d591
chatgpt: Country music legend Glen Campbell, 76, who announced last year that he had been diagnosed with Alzheimer’s Disease, has decided to end his U.S. tour this month and in October. A spokesperson for Campbell said that the singer is struggling to cope with the rigours of international travel and has realized that it is becoming too much for him. The tour, which began last year, saw Campbell perform shows in countries including Australia, New Zealand, Ireland and Britain. During his performances, Campbell was joined on stage by members of his family who helped him out if he became disoriented. Campbell's wife, Kim Woolen, who has been married to the singer for thirty years, said that it had been difficult at times but that the tour had also been “joyful”. "People were crying because they knew what we were going through," Woolen said. "But at the same time, they were happy to see him enjoying music and just being happy on stage. It was wonderful."  Campbell, who scored a string of hits in the 1960s and 1970s, including ‘Rhinestone Cowboy’ and ‘Wichita Lineman’, announced in June 2011 that he had Alzheimer's Disease. Following the diagnosis, Campbell recorded one final album, ‘Ghost on the Canvas’, which was released in August 2011.  Over the years, Campbell has received numerous awards for his contribution to the music industry, including six Grammy Awards, and he was inducted into the Country Music Hall of Fame in 2005. Campbell has also made a number of television and film appearances, most famously in the 1969 film "True Grit" alongside John Wayne. Since announcing his Alzheimer’s diagnosis, Campbell has been a vocal advocate for Alzheimer’s research, sharing his experience with the disease in the hopes of raising awareness and funding for the condition. His decision to end the tour early comes as no surprise to those who know him best. His family, who have been by his side throughout the tour, said that they fully support his decision. "We want him to be happy and not stressed," said Woolen. "We want him to be surrounded by love and to be surrounded by family, and that's what we're going to do.” Campbell's final show will take place on October 25th in Napa, California. The singer has not announced any plans beyond that date, but his family said that they are looking forward to spending more time with him, whatever the future may hold. "We're just taking it one day at a time," Woolen said. "We're going to enjoy every minute that we have with him."