article: (CNN) -- Authorities in Tehran, Iran, have given the go-ahead to execute a woman who initially was sentenced to death by stoning, according to an activist working on her behalf. However, what method will be used to execute Sakineh Mohammadi Ashtiani is unclear, said Mina Ahadi, spokeswoman for the International Committee Against Stoning. The execution could happen as soon as Wednesday, she said, citing information received from a source in Tabriz, Iran, who is close to Ashtiani's family. Ashtiani initially was sentenced to death by stoning for adultery. The Iranian government later said she was also convicted of murdering her husband, but her lawyer and family dispute that. A letter from Tehran was delivered to the prison in Tabriz where Ashtiani is being held three days ago, Ahadi said, giving the go-ahead for Ashtiani's execution. Ashtiani, 43 and a mother of two, drew international attention when she was sentenced to death by stoning. She concedes that she was convicted of adultery, as initially reported, but says she was acquitted of murder. "The man who actually killed my husband was identified and imprisoned, but he is not sentenced to death," she said in August. The Iranian government's claims that she was convicted of murder are a lie, she told the Guardian newspaper through an intermediary. "They are embarrassed by the international attention on my case, and they are desperately trying to distract attention and confuse the media so that they can kill me in secret." Ashtiani's son and her attorney are still in jail after being arrested last month, Ahadi said. Also still detained are two German journalists. "The International Committees against Stoning and Execution call on international bodies and the people of the world to come out in full force against the state-sponsored murder of Sakineh Mohammadi Ashtiani," as well as the release of the others, Ahadi said in a statement. Before his arrest, Ashtiani's son, Sajjad Ghaderzadeh, said court officials stole documents and files pertaining to the murder of his father in order to "promote his mother as a murderer." And Ahadi's committee said the murder charges are "fabricated" by the Iranian regime. In August, Ashtiani appeared on state TV confessing that she knew about a plot to kill her husband but felt she had been misled. Amnesty International condemned the interview. Ghaderzadeh and attorney Hootan Kian will not be issued an attorney, because the government claims they do not need one, according to Ahadi. Ashtiani's other former lawyer, Mohammad Mostafaei, is being protected by European diplomats after he fled to Turkey from Iran. Mostafaei claims that Iranian authorities tried to arrest him without cause.
highlights: Sakineh Mohammadi Ashtiani could be executed as soon as Wednesday . She was initially sentenced to death by stoning . Family denies government's claim that she was convicted of murder .
id: 79611bf8535b55a6b5697c86ca1f886f1c4d51b9
chatgpt: Sakineh Mohammadi Ashtiani, a woman who was initially sentenced to death by stoning in Iran, could be executed as soon as Wednesday. The case of Ashtiani has attracted international attention due to the controversy surrounding her sentencing, which has been condemned by human rights organizations around the world. Ashtiani was convicted of adultery in 2006, according to her lawyer, and was sentenced to death by stoning. The sentence was later reduced to a 10-year prison term after international outrage. However, the Iranian government has alleged that she was also convicted of murder, a charge that her family denies. Ashtiani's fate has been the subject of much debate and outcry from various groups, including the Vatican, which has called for her release. In 2010, the Italian government offered to take her in as a refugee, but Iranian authorities declined the offer. Human rights organizations have also called on the Iranian government to release Ashtiani. Amnesty International has stated that the charges against her were "unfair" and that she has been subjected to torture and other forms of mistreatment while in detention. Ashtiani's case has drawn international attention to the issue of stoning, which is still a legal form of punishment in Iran. In recent years, the use of stoning as a form of punishment has been increasingly criticized by the international community, with many human rights organizations arguing that it is a cruel and inhumane practice. Despite these criticisms, the Iranian government has defended the use of stoning, arguing that it is an appropriate punishment for crimes such as adultery and murder. However, Ashtiani's case has highlighted the arbitrary nature of the Iranian justice system, which has been accused of using stoning as a means of political repression. Ashtiani's family has consistently denied the government's claim that she was convicted of murder, and has called for her release. The family has also accused Iranian authorities of intimidating them and preventing them from speaking out about Ashtiani's case. Ashtiani's case is just one example of the many human rights abuses that occur in Iran on a regular basis. Human rights organizations have criticized the Iranian government for its treatment of political dissidents, journalists, and women's rights activists, among other groups. Ashtiani's potential execution has sparked outrage around the world, with many calling for the Iranian government to intervene and save her life. It remains to be seen whether the Iranian authorities will heed these calls, or whether they will continue to enforce their harsh and unjust legal system.