article: The eurozone will unravel unless its leaders agree to 'shell out' to Greece, Boris Johnson said last night. The London Mayor, speaking during a tour of the US, risked undermining efforts to persuade Athens to make concessions – insisting it was in a 'strong position'. 'They will shell out in one way or the other,' Mr Johnson said of German Chancellor Angela Merkel and other eurozone leaders. 'Everybody in power in Europe basically reckons … they have got to try and keep this thing together so I think they will try to do a deal with [Greek prime minister] Tsipras.' Boris Johnson said the eurozone will unravel unless its leaders agree to 'shell out' to Greece, pictured giving a speech in New York . He also predicted to Bloomberg TV that there would be 'a huge amount of fudge all over the floor'. Mr Johnson joined David Cameron and Chancellor George Osborne in urging an end to the 'stand-off' between Athens and the eurozone leaders, warning of the 'huge contagious impact' of Greece crashing out of the single currency. The Prime Minister used his first meeting with Greek prime minister Alexis Tsipras in Brussels to urge him to reach a compromise over demands that the conditions of his country's vast bailout are torn up, ending years of austerity. He also suggested eurozone leaders should give some ground. Syriza, the most Left-wing party ever to take power in Europe, is threatening to turn to Russia for help if the eurozone cuts it adrift. Mr Cameron said: 'The British economy is growing but we are affected by the situation on the European continent and the longer this stand-off goes on the worse potentially that could be for Britain.' The Prime Minister used his first meeting with Greek prime minister Alexis Tsipras in Brussels to urge him to reach a compromise over demands . German finance minister Wolfgang Schaeuble has sent shockwaves through Europe by declaring that if Athens does not sign up to continue its aid and austerity programme 'then that's it'. The European Central Bank is upping pressure on Greece to extend its bailout deal when its current one expires at the end of this month, or risk a bank collapse. Mr Tsipras insists he has no intention of extending the €240billion EU/IMF package. Yesterday, ECB officials were said to be discussing how long they could continue to keep Greek banks afloat. Mrs Merkel said: 'Europe always aims to find a compromise, and that is the success of Europe. Germany is ready for that. 'However, it must also be said that Europe's credibility naturally depends on us respecting rules and being reliable with each other.'
highlights: Boris said eurozone will unravel unless leaders 'shell out' to Greece . London Mayor urged end to 'stand-off' between Athens and Europe . He warned of 'contagious impact' of Greece crashing out of single currency . David Cameron urged  Greek PM Alexis Tsipras  to reach a compromise .
id: 0fe099a277cbc724b8e495b1af4008d034333ff2
chatgpt: London mayor Boris Johnson has warned that the eurozone will inevitably unravel unless European leaders agree to provide financial assistance to Greece. Speaking at a press conference earlier today, Johnson called for an end to the ongoing "stand-off" between Athens and European powers, warning of the "contagious impact" of Greece crashing out of the single currency. The outspoken politician's comments come as Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras continues to negotiate with leaders from the International Monetary Fund and the European Union in a last-ditch attempt to secure a third bailout for his country. Tsipras has said that Greece needs the additional funds to avoid a devastating default on its debts, which would likely result in the country leaving the eurozone. While some European leaders have been sympathetic to Greece's plight, others such as German Chancellor Angela Merkel have taken a harder line, insisting that Athens must implement strict austerity measures before any further financial assistance can be provided. This has led to a stalemate in negotiations that has raised the possibility of a Greek exit from the eurozone, also known as a "Grexit." In his speech today, Johnson urged European leaders to provide the necessary funds to prevent such a scenario from occurring. He argued that the economic and political consequences of a Grexit could be catastrophic, both for Greece itself and for the wider eurozone as a whole. "Unless the Europeans shell out, the eurozone will of course unravel," Johnson declared. "The whole thing will go bang... and the implications will be felt all around the world." The London mayor went on to suggest that the main reason for the current impasse in negotiations was the unwillingness of European leaders to compromise. "It seems to me that the difficulty at the moment is that you've got an awful lot of politicians who are overstating their positions for bargaining purposes," Johnson said. "Actually, what they need to do is find a way of coming together in a way that is satisfactory for everybody concerned." Johnson's comments were echoed by UK Prime Minister David Cameron, who attended the same press conference. Cameron urged Tsipras to "reach a compromise" with Greece's creditors, saying that "now is the time for calm heads and for everyone to work together to find a solution." Despite the appeals for compromise, however, the situation in Greece remains far from resolved. Tsipras is set to present a new proposal to European leaders later this week, but it remains to be seen whether this will be enough to secure the necessary funds to keep Greece afloat. As Johnson and Cameron noted, the stakes are high. The eurozone has already been weakened by several years of economic turmoil, and a Greek exit could potentially lead to further instability and even a broader collapse. While the situation is certainly complex, it is clear that bold and decisive action will be needed if a crisis is to be averted.