article: Jack Wilshere says he is getting back to his best now that he has been able to put together a run of games for Arsenal. The England midfielder has 'missed a lot of football' over the past few years with injuries, but insists that he now feels good and is fully fit again. Wilshere has started five of Arsenal's seven Premier League games , including Sunday's 2-0 defeat to Chelsea, and says that fans will now finally get to see the best of him. Jack Wilshere says Arsenal fans will see the best of him now that he has been able to get a run of games . The England midfielder was outshone by Cesc Fabregas on Sunday but says he is always looking to improve . 'I feel good and I'm always looking to improve, no matter what,' Wilshere told Arsenal's official website. 'For a player of my age, I've missed a lot of football so I'm just trying to play as much as I can, train as much as I can and I've always said that when I get fully fit you'll see the best of me. 'I said at the start of the season that it was going to take some time to get back to my best. 'Ever since my first injury, it's always taken a run of games - probably between five and 10 - to get back to my best. Wilshere insisted Arsenal only needed to take their chances better against Chelsea at Stamford Bridge . The young midfielder has spent too much time sat on the bench with injuries in recent years . 'Some players are different, some players come back and are at their best straight away. But some need a run of games and I'm one of those players.' Wilshere also claimed that Arsenal had been unlucky at Stamford Bridge, failing to take their opportunities in an even game. 'We've played well but at this level, against the top three in this league, when you're on top you need to make the opportunities count and if you don't then you're going to get punished,' he said.
highlights: Wilshere has featured in six of Arsenal's seven league games, starting five . England midfielder says it takes him time to get back into form after injuries . 'For a player of my age, I've missed a lot of football' says Wilshere . Gunners star says his side 'played well' in 2-0 defeat to Chelsea .
id: aa013c8d61846cd9fcf9c24ce1c7af7a10da278c
chatgpt: Arsenal midfielder Jack Wilshere has admitted that he needs time to get back into his best form after injuries. Despite featuring in six out of seven Premier League games this season, he has only started five games.  The England international, who has been plagued by injuries throughout his career, said that missing a lot of football has affected his form. "For a player of my age, I've missed a lot of football," he said in an interview. Wilshere's latest appearance for Arsenal was in their 2-0 defeat to Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on Sunday. Despite the loss, Wilshere believes his side played well and is confident they can bounce back in their next game. "We played well, we had chances, we just didn't take them," Wilshere said. "We're disappointed to lose but we can take positives from the performance. We're a good team and we'll bounce back." Wilshere's comments come as Arsenal continue to struggle in the Premier League. The Gunners have only managed to win two out of their seven league games so far this season, leaving them in seventh place in the table. Despite their poor start to the season, Wilshere is confident that Arsenal can turn their form around. "We're not far off," he said. "We just need to keep working hard and the results will come." Wilshere's return to form will be crucial for Arsenal as they look to improve their league position. With tough fixtures coming up against Watford and Everton, the Gunners will need all their players firing on all cylinders. If Wilshere can stay injury-free and recapture his best form, Arsenal will have a much better chance of improving on their current position in the league table. However, for a player who has missed so much football, it may take time before he is truly back to his best.