article: Last week, a Delaware cop gained a certain notoriety with a sassy rendition of Taylor Swift's 'Shake it Off' recorded on the dash-cam of his patrol car, and now, he's back. On Monday night, the 19-year police veteran performed the song on a larger stage, at the annual Dancing With The Delaware Stars, an event benefiting single parents in the area, according to ABC News . In the three-minute performance, Davis is seen wearing a black suit with a fuchsia dress shirt. First, the officer lip-syncs the song and dances in a chair as women wearing handcuffs dance around him. Soon, Davis gets up from the chair and many of the benefit's guests join him in a the three-minute choreographed dance. Scroll down for video . Performance:In the three-minute performance, Davis is seen wearing a black suit with a fuchsia dress shirt. First, the officer lip-syncs the song and dances in a chair as women wearing handcuffs dance around him . Encore: The Delaware police officer Master Cpl. Jeff Davis who sang Taylor Swift's 'Shake it Off' in his patrol car gave an encore performance Monday night at a benefit event . The original video of Dover Police Department Master Cpl. Jeff Davis lip-syncing the Taylor Swift hit has amassed more than 20 million views on YouTube since its post on January 16. Taylor Swift even tweeted the video and wrote 'LOLOLOLOL THE SASS.' So far, the encore performance has amassed more than 1,000 'likes' on Facebook and nearly 1,000 shares. The YouTube video has more than 2,500 views. Davis' dash-cam performance won him his 15-minutes of fame, allowing the father to appear on 'Good Morning America,' the 'Today show,' and on Fox News, according to USA Today. Likes: So far, the encore performance has amassed more than 1,000 'likes' on Facebook and nearly 1,000 shares; the YouTube video has more than 2,500 views . Choreographed: Many of the benefit's guests join Davis in a the three-minute choreographed dance . The original video was set-up and created by the police department to celebrate its Facebook page gaining 10,000 followers, USA Today reports. Davis said that all of the publicity he's received is 'crazy and overwhelming' as he has been stopped at restaurants and at his children's sporting events by people who recognized him from the video. The video has even pushed the police department into the spotlight. Mark Hoffman, a spokesperson, told USA Today that the department has received correspondence from all around the world thanking the department for a 'moment of bliss.'
highlights: Dover Police Department Master Cpl. Jeff Davis recently gave an encore performance of his rendition of Taylor Swift's 'Shake it Off' At a Delaware benefit event, the officer enlisted the help of dozens to take part in a choreographed dance as the officer performed the song . The original video of the officer's performance has amassed more than 20 million view on YouTube .
id: 1eb8b1cecc3f689c304408afc831bc7f096cd6aa
chatgpt: Dover Police Department Master Cpl. Jeff Davis has been making waves on the internet with his rendition of Taylor Swift's hit song 'Shake it Off.' Davis recently gave an encore performance of his famous routine at a benefit event in Delaware where he enlisted the help of dozens of people to take part in a choreographed dance. The event was held to raise awareness for a local charity that works with children and families in need. Davis hit the stage with his police badge on full display as he began to sing along to the song's upbeat tempo. The crowd cheered as Davis was joined by a group of people who had learned the dance routine in advance of the performance. The group of dancers included adults and children of all ages, adding to the fun and inclusive atmosphere. The crowd went wild as Davis led the group in a perfectly choreographed dance routine that had been practiced for weeks leading up to the event. The entire performance was captured on video and quickly went viral across various social media platforms. The original video of Davis' performance has since amassed more than 20 million views on YouTube. Davis joked that he never expected his performance to go viral and that he never considered himself much of a singer or dancer before taking on the challenge. Davis mentioned that the videos popularity has surprised him and he never thought that his singing and dancing skills would draw this level of attention. Davis has even been praised by Taylor Swift herself who tweeted her support for the police officer's efforts. Swift joked that she was "obsessed" with the video and that Davis' performance was "exactly how I wanted the song to be interpreted." Davis was overwhelmed by the praise and said it has been an honor to be recognized by the artist who inspired his now-famous routine. The video of Davis' performance has caught the attention of people all over the country with many seeking to learn the routine and share their rendition of the viral sensation. Davis has made it clear that he is thrilled that his video has inspired people to get up and dance and that he hopes the popularity of the dance routine will help raise awareness for the charity event where the performance took place. Davis' rendition of 'Shake it Off' has also inspired others in law enforcement to break out of their routine responsibilities and show their human side. The Dover Police Department has received numerous requests for other officers to perform and Davis has even taken on an unofficial role as a dance coach to other law enforcement officers. The success of Davis' performance is a testament to the power of music and dance in bringing people together for a good cause. Whether you're a police officer or a civilian, the joy of dancing and singing is universal, and it's clear that Davis' performance will continue to inspire people to get up and dance for many more years to come.