article: Beleaguered Labour leader Ed Miliband asked former Home Secretary Alan Johnson to return to the shadow cabinet – but was turned down. Mr Johnson said he was approached by the Labour leader earlier this year but turned down the offer of a new frontline role. ‘Ed said to me a few months ago 'I suppose you're not interested in coming back?' I said 'No'. Former home secretary Alan Johnson has revealed that he was sounded out by Ed Miliband about a possible return to Labour's top team . Mr Johnson has previously ruled himself out as a contender for the Labour leadership, despite pressure from MPs who believe they would stand a much better chance in next year's general election if he replaced Mr Miliband. He insisted the party could win in May, despite Mr Miliband's dismal poll ratings, and said he had told the Labour leader he would be happy ‘to go round the country, campaigning, talking to parties’ during the election. But Mr Johnson, in an interview with Alastair Campbell for GQ magazine, indicated he could even be tempted back to the frontbench if Labour succeeded in regaining power. ‘Disgracefully - and it is disgraceful because I won't have done the heavy lifting - then I would be more interested. But I am not gagging for it,’ he said. Since standing down as shadow chancellor in 2011 after discovering his wife was having an affair with his police protection officer, Mr Johnson has carved out a successful second career as a writer, penning two best-selling volumes of his autobiography. He said he had been surprised when Mr Miliband offered him the post of shadow chancellor after becoming leader in 2010 and admitted that he had not enjoyed the job. ‘I was glad to get out. I took it because I thought, what an extraordinary gesture, that he wants me there. I was not associated with him (Mr Miliband), I'm very much a Blairite, I had not been planning to go on the front bench. But my heart wasn't in it,’ he said. ‘I was not up for it. I did it for seven months but I didn't like the job.’ Ed Miliband, giving a speech in Glasgow last week, was under pressure from MPs concerned about the party's poor polling - many of whom wanted Mr Johnson to replace him as Labour leader . Mr Johnson expressed exasperation that Labour had not been more effective in attacking Chancellor George Osborne over the economy and urged Mr Miliband to make ‘a couple of big speeches ... just taking the whole thing apart’. ‘If I feel frustrated about anything it is about not holding George Osborne to account, because his flagship policy was to clear the deficit in one term. He has totally failed,’ he said.
highlights: Labour veteran asked by Mr Miliband this year but turned down the offer . Mr Johnson has ruled himself out as a contender for the Labour leadership . But said he would be prepared to serve in Cabinet if Labour win election .
id: 9fcead3f164d326ae8f8e2a1c22f25ac143c81e0
chatgpt: Labour veteran Alan Johnson has confirmed that he turned down an offer from former party leader Ed Miliband to run for leadership earlier this year. However, the former Home Secretary has not ruled out a return to front-line politics, and has said that he would be prepared to serve in a Labour cabinet if the party is elected in the upcoming general election. Speaking to the BBC’s Andrew Marr Show, Mr Johnson explained that he felt the party needed a younger leader to help connect with voters. He also commented on the current candidates, stating that Yvette Cooper, Andy Burnham and Liz Kendall were all more than capable of leading the party. When asked about his own future involvement in politics, Mr Johnson said that he was “not hanging around waiting for the phone to ring”, but that he remained committed to the Labour Party. He added that he believed the party had a strong chance of winning the next election, and that he would be happy to serve in a future cabinet. Mr Johnson was also questioned about the recent controversy surrounding Labour MP Diane Abbott, who was accused of racism after making comments on Twitter. The former Home Secretary was critical of Ms Abbott, stating that she should have resigned from her position on the shadow cabinet following the remarks. Despite his decision not to run for leader, many political commentators have noted that Mr Johnson remains a widely respected figure within the party, and could play a key role in reuniting the Labour Party following the upcoming leadership election. The leadership contest, which was triggered by Mr Miliband’s resignation following the party’s defeat in the general election, has seen a number of prominent Labour MPs announce their candidacies. Yvette Cooper, Andy Burnham, Liz Kendall, and Mary Creagh have all declared their intention to stand, with Chuka Umunna also announcing his candidacy before withdrawing just days later. The contest has been marked by intense debate and scrutiny, with many commentators questioning the future direction of the Labour Party. Some have called for a more radical and left-leaning approach, while others have argued for a more centrist approach. Mr Johnson’s comments are likely to be seen as a reflection of this ongoing debate, with many observers interpreting his decision not to run for leader as a vote of confidence in the current crop of candidates. However, his willingness to serve in a future Labour cabinet may also indicate his belief that the party needs to unite around a common vision in order to win the next election. With just over a year to go until the next general election, the battle for the Labour Party’s future is set to continue.