article: WASHINGTON (CNN) -- A California food processing plant is voluntarily recalling up to 1 million pounds of roasted pistachio products that may have been contaminated with salmonella, the Food and Drug Administration announced Monday. Salmonella strains were found last week during routine test by Kraft Foods, one company that purchased the nuts. The nuts came from Setton Farms in Terra Bella, California, about 75 miles south of Fresno. They were largely distributed in 2,000-pound containers to food wholesalers who would then package them for resale or incorporate them as ingredients in other products, such as ice cream and trail mix. No illnesses have been linked to this case, said Dr. David Acheson, FDA's associate commissioner. But salmonella strains were found last week during routine test by Kraft Foods, one of about three dozen companies that purchase pistachios from Setton Farms, he said. Kraft notified the FDA on March 24. Setton Farms did not immediately respond to CNN requests for comment. Acheson emphasized that unlike the recent case of salmonella-tainted peanut butter, this recall was not prompted by an sickness outbreak, saying the decision was a "proactive" move. He said the FDA has received two recent complaints, from the East and West coasts, from people who say they became ill after eating pistachio products, but a link to Setton Farms has not been confirmed, he said. The FDA is advising consumers not to eat any pistachio products, but not to throw them out, either, because additional recalls are likely and having products that could be turned in would allow for easier tracing of contamination. The agency is setting up a Web site to update the public. Dr. Jeff Farrar, head of the California health department's food and drug division, said it's likely that the roasted pistachios will be found in a wide variety of products. He noted that Setton Farms is the second-largest pistachio processor in the nation. Raw pistachios are roasted to a temperature that should kill salmonella, Acheson said. Because the roasted products tested positive for salmonella suggest cross-contamination with raw products. Acheson added that the Setton Farms recall is related to the one announced Friday by Kroger, a grocery store chain with stores in 31 states. Kroger recalled Private Selection shelled pistachios from its retail stores because of possible salmonella contamination. Kroger, in a statement Friday, said no illnesses have been reported in connection with the product. In February, Kroger was among retailers that recalled peanut products tied to the Peanut Corporation of America, a Virginia-based company accused by the FDA of knowingly selling peanut butter and peanut paste that was contaminated with salmonella. PCA's peanut processing plant in Blakely, Georgia, is being investigated in connection with a salmonella outbreak that has sickened more than 500 people and has been linked to eight deaths.
highlights: The pistachios, mostly sold to wholesalers, came from Setton Farms in California . Kraft is one of three dozen companies to purchase pistachios from Setton Farms . No illnesses have been linked to this case so far . Setton Farms is the second-largest pistachio processor in the nation .
id: b885e0144ed6b976b248af4a0c8f03686c8221ef
chatgpt: Kraft, the popular food company, has issued a voluntary recall of its pistachio products due to potential salmonella contamination. The recall includes its Snack Trios, which are sold in a three-compartment container, as well as the Back to Nature brand of nuts and trail mixes that contain pistachios. The pistachios in question were purchased from Setton Farms, a California-based company that is the second-largest pistachio processor in the United States. Setton Farms also sells pistachios to dozens of other companies, including Kraft. According to the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), Kraft's recall affects products sold across the country. The affected products have "best when used by" dates ranging from January 2022 to April 2022. Setton Farms has already issued its own recall of pistachios due to salmonella concerns. The recall includes bulk shipments of pistachios sold to wholesalers, including Kraft. So far, no illnesses have been linked to the pistachio recalls. However, salmonella can cause serious and sometimes fatal infections in young children, elderly people, and those with weakened immune systems. Symptoms of salmonella infection can include fever, diarrhea, nausea, vomiting, and abdominal pain. Both Kraft and Setton Farms are working with the FDA to investigate the source of the contamination. In a statement, Kraft said it is taking the recall "very seriously" and is working to remove the affected products from store shelves. "We are committed to the safety and quality of our products, and we apologize to our consumers for any inconvenience or concern this recall may cause," the company said. This is not the first time that Setton Farms has faced a recall due to potential contamination. In 2013, the company issued a recall of its roasted pistachios due to possible salmonella contamination. According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), salmonella is responsible for over 1 million foodborne illnesses each year in the United States. The CDC recommends that consumers always wash their hands before handling food, cook food to the appropriate temperature, and avoid consuming raw or undercooked foods. Consumers who have purchased any of the affected pistachio products are advised to throw them away or return them to the store where they were purchased for a refund. In addition to the Snack Trios and Back to Nature products, other products affected by the recall include Emerald Nuts, Planter's Nuts, and Publix brand pistachios. As the investigation into the pistachio recalls continues, consumers are urged to stay informed and take any necessary precautions to protect themselves and their families from potential illness.