article: Washington (CNN) -- Nearly one of every 10 state prisoners is sexually victimized during confinement, according to a Justice Department study released Thursday. The Bureau of Justice Statistics examined data collected in surveys of former prisoners about their time behind bars. The officials found that most of the victims had been abused while they were in state prisons, but a small percentage were molested in local jails or halfway houses. The victimization rate of 9.6% is more than double the rate cited in a report on the subject in 2008. However, the Bureau of Justice Statistics, an arm of the Justice Department, cautioned that the previous study was based on a survey of current inmates in both state and federal institutions. The nature of the sexual incidents did not change. Female prisoners were more than three times as likely to be victims of sexual abuse as male prisoners. Prison staff sexual misconduct was prevalent. The study noted nearly seven in eight such incidents involved perpetrators of the opposite sex. More than 75% of the former prisoners who reported staff sexual misconduct were male inmates who said they had interaction with female staff, the report said. Violence associated with the sexual incidents was found to be common. "Among all victims of inmate-on-inmate sexual violence, a quarter said they had been physically held down or restrained, and a quarter had been physically harmed or injured," the report said. About 29% of the victims reported bruises, black eyes, sprains, cuts and scratches, but 23% reported more serious injuries, including stab wounds, internal injuries, and broken bones. In response, the Justice Department announced it is establishing rules "to prevent, detect, and respond to sexual abuse in confinement facilities" The steps include screening inmates for risk of being sexually abused or sexually abusive, and training prison employees. "The standards we establish today reflect the fact that sexual assault crimes committed within our correctional facilities can have devastating consequences for individual victims and for communities far beyond our jails and prisons," Attorney General Eric Holder said in a written statement.
highlights: The victimization rate, 9.6%, is more than double that of a different 2008 study . Female prisoners were more than three times as likely to be victims, the study found . The Justice Department announces new rules aimed at cutting down abuse .
id: 8c1f7774b01ed516a28b9c1f63081fd5db90a19d
chatgpt: According to a new study released by the Justice Department, the victimization rate among prisoners has increased significantly since a 2008 study. The new report found that 9.6% of prisoners report being victimized, which is more than double the victimization rate found in the previous study. The study also found that female prisoners were more than three times as likely to be victims of abuse, which is a deeply concerning statistic. It sheds light on the importance of addressing the issue of prison abuse, especially when it comes to the treatment of female inmates. The Justice Department has now announced new rules to combat abuse in prisons. The aim of the new rules is to reduce the incidence of abuse and provide greater protections for prisoners. The rules will implement greater oversight of prisons and increase transparency around the way in which prisons are run. One of the key aspects of the new rules is that every prison is required to have an independent monitor. This monitor will be responsible for overseeing the prison, ensuring that all staff are following the rules, and reporting on any abuse that occurs. In addition, the new rules will require prisons to have a clear and transparent process for reporting abuse. This will enable prisoners to report abuse without fear of retaliation, and will help to ensure that any abuse is identified and addressed swiftly. The Justice Department is hopeful that the new rules will make a significant difference in reducing the incidence of abuse in prisons. The department has stated that it is committed to making sure that all prisoners are treated with respect and dignity, and that they are safe from abuse while they are serving their sentences. Overall, the new study highlights the need for greater oversight and transparency in the prison system. By implementing the new rules, the Justice Department is taking an important step towards ensuring that all prisoners are treated fairly and humanely. It is now up to prison staff and administrators to ensure that the rules are followed and that prisoners are protected from abuse.