article: By . Sara Nathan . Martha Stewart's younger sister, Laura Plimpton, has died unexpectedly after suffering a brain aneurysm while at home. The death was announced in an email sent to staff at Stewart's lifestyle company, where Ms Plimpton held a senior role. The 59-year-old had joined the company shortly after her husband died from cancer, when Stewart helped Ms Plimpton find a house and offered her a job to help get her back on her feet. Loss: Martha Stewart with her younger sister, Laura Plimpton, in 2005. Ms Plimpton has died from an aneurysm . Sisterly love: Martha Stewart hugs her little sister Laura when she was a baby. The sisters remained close throughout their lives . In her email to staff, seen by MailOnline, Stewart wrote: 'My youngest sister, and the youngest of the six Kostyra siblings, Laura Kostyra Plimpton, passed away today in Norwalk Hospital. Laura worked for me and the company for more than 25 years.' She explained that her sister had started to feel unwell after finishing her morning workout. She was able to call for her help from her second husband, Randy, and was rushed to hospital. The mother-of-three, who used to write scripts for Ask Martha radio spots, was found to have suffered a brain aneurysm. Describing her sister as 'the very best', Stewart wrote in the staff email: 'She was an extraordinary employee, mother, wife and sister.' Stewart wrote in the email that her sister's organs had been donated, and added: 'We are so sad but also happy that Laura had the foresight to donate so many healthy organs to needy people.' Tragic: Mother-of-three Laura Plimpton, who worked for her sister Martha Stewart for 25 years, has died . Creative team: Laura, right, with Martha Stewart on her show. She had several key roles in the business . Bond: Laura Plimpton, left, with her sister Martha in 2005, who she looked up to as a mother figure . Ms Plimpton had appeared on Larry King Live in 2004 with Stewart's daughter Alexis, to show support for her sister after she was sentenced to five months in prison. Ms Plimpton told King that she and Stewart had a 'very special relationship' and that her older sister had been, in many ways, a mother figure to her. 'All I wanted to do was be around her, her husband, and then when Alexis was born, I just wanted to take care of Alexis. 'I would pack my little suitcase and go every weekend, practically, just to be with Martha,' she said. As well as being involved in the day-to-day running of her sister's lifestyle empire, Ms Plimpton would create scripts for the radio show, and also appeared in segments. Among her appearances on the show and website, was an online video segment in which she showed off her collection of Depression-era glassware, and used it to create a delicate table setting.
highlights: Mother-of-three unexpectedly fell ill on Monday morning . 59-year-old had worked for Stewart's lifestyle empire for 25 years .
id: 709ab898e8719fa506086c2774f93b0048e7cd6f
chatgpt: A long-time employee of Martha Stewart's lifestyle empire unexpectedly fell ill on Monday morning. The 59-year-old mother of three had worked for the company for 25 years. According to sources, the woman was at work when she suddenly started feeling unwell. Her colleagues noticed that she was pale and disoriented, and immediately called for medical assistance. "She was sitting at her desk and suddenly started sweating profusely. She couldn't stand up by herself and was struggling to speak coherently," said one of her coworkers. An ambulance was called to the scene, and the woman was taken to a nearby hospital for treatment. Her condition is currently unknown. The news of the employee's sudden illness has been met with shock and concern by her coworkers and the wider community. "She's a valued member of the team and has been with us for a long time. We're all praying for her swift recovery," said a representative from Martha Stewart's company. The employee is described as hardworking and dedicated to her job, which involved managing accounts and interacting with clients on a daily basis. "She's always been professional and courteous to everyone she deals with. She's an essential member of our team and we're hoping for the best," said one of her coworkers. The incident has prompted discussions around workplace safety and the need for employers to ensure that their employees are cared for in the event of a health emergency. "We should all be looking out for each other, especially in times like these. We need to do better in ensuring that our colleagues are safe and looked after," said a spokesperson for a local labor union. The employee's family has expressed gratitude for the outpouring of support from the community, and has requested privacy as they navigate this difficult time. "We appreciate all the love and prayers that have been sent our way. Our focus right now is on our loved one's recovery," said a family member. As the employee continues to receive medical treatment, her coworkers and loved ones are holding out hope for her full and speedy recovery.