article: Patients falsely claiming free prescriptions are fleecing the NHS out of more than £200million a year, figures reveal. Officials are concerned people are routinely walking into High Street chemists pretending to be unemployed or suffering a long-term illness, just so they do not have to pay for medication. Ministers are today launching a crackdown on the fraud by demanding pharmacists and NHS officials thoroughly check patients are entitled to free prescriptions. The DoH estimates 29.4m prescriptions were wrongly handed out for free last year at a cost of £237million . In England, certain groups qualify, including the over-60s, children, new mothers, the unemployed and patients with certain medical conditions such as cancer. Everyone else pays a flat fee of £8.05 per item. But the system is open to abuse because patients just tick a box on a form, and pharmacists take their word for it. The Department of Health estimates 29.4million prescriptions were wrongly handed out for free last year at a cost of £237million. Under a scheme being launched by health minister Dr Daniel Poulter, the NHS’s Business Service Authority will next month begin looking back through records of free prescriptions. Officials are concerned people are routinely walking into High Street chemists pretending to be unemployed or suffering a long-term illness, just so they do not have to pay for medication . They will check details held by the Department for Work and Pensions, and anyone found to be flouting the system will be fined £150. Persistent offenders will be taken to court and, if found guilty, fined £2,500. The Government is also introducing an electronic system to allow pharmacists to check immediately if patients are entitled to free prescriptions. It is expected to be available in all high street chemists by 2018. Dr Poulter said: ‘This abuse of the NHS must stop. Claiming a free prescription when you are not entitled takes money away from other frontline patient services.’ But senior medics said it was ‘totally unacceptable’ to expect pharmacists to police what is already a deeply flawed system. David Branford, of the Royal Pharmaceutical Society, added that it would disrupt the trust between pharmacists and patients.
highlights: DoH estimates £29.4m prescriptions wrongly handed out for free last year . Officials worried people pretending to have illness or being unemployed . Ministers launching crackdown on the fraud by pharmacists and NHS .
id: b3d7d3895cb4193dc145d1be6e577e6cef00ca77
chatgpt: The Department of Health (DoH) recently revealed that £29.4m worth of prescriptions were wrongly handed out for free in the UK last year. This has become a growing concern among officials who fear that people may be falsely claiming illnesses or unemployment in order to obtain medication for free. The cost of prescriptions in the UK is currently set at £9 per item, but there are exemptions for certain groups, such as those with chronic illnesses or low income. However, the DoH believes that some people have been taking advantage of these exemptions by pretending to be exempt when they are not. In response to this issue, ministers have launched a crackdown on fraud by pharmacists and the NHS. They will be implementing new measures to ensure that prescription exemptions are being verified and that fraudulent claims are being identified and penalized. The DoH has also urged people who are eligible for free prescriptions to make sure they have the correct documentation to avoid any misunderstandings. They have suggested that people should carry a valid exemption certificate or proof of low income with them whenever they are collecting medication. Pharmacists will also be required to perform more rigorous checks before handing out medication for free. This will include verifying exemption certificates and checking that the prescribed medication is appropriate for the patient’s medical condition. The crackdown comes after reports of an increasing number of individuals abusing the system by falsely claiming illnesses or unemployment. The NHS has been under significant pressure for years due to budget cuts and increased demand for healthcare services, and fraudulent claims for free medications only add to the financial strain. The DoH hopes that the new measures will help to curb fraudulent activity and ensure that those who are in genuine need of free medication receive it. They have also warned that anyone found to be making fraudulent claims will be prosecuted. It is important for the NHS to maintain its financial stability and to ensure that resources are being used effectively. By cracking down on fraudulent claims for free prescriptions, the government hopes to achieve this goal, while also ensuring that healthcare services are accessible to those who need them the most.