article: New York (CNN) -- Mayor Michael Bloomberg, known in New York City for his tough regulations on everything from large sodas to smoking in Central Park, proposed a new target during his final State of the City speech Thursday: plastic foam containers. "Styrofoam increases the cost of recycling by as much as $20 per ton because it has to be removed," the mayor said. "Something we know is environmentally destructive, that is costing taxpayers money, and that is easily replaceable, I think, is something we can do without." Specifically, the ban will target certain polystyrene foam products, not necessarily Styrofoam, a trademarked product of Dow Chemical Co. used in foam insulation and construction products. "With Speaker (Christine) Quinn and the City Council, we'll work to adopt a law banning Styrofoam food packaging from our stores and restaurants," Bloomberg added. "And don't worry, the doggy bag and the coffee cup will survive just fine." It was not immediately clear how the majority of businesses that use polystyrene foam products would react to a ban. One early response from the Dunkin' Donuts chain was not positive. Instead of an outright ban, it said in a written statement, the company has "reviewed or tested nearly every type of single-use hot cup on the market, but a viable alternative does not yet exist. This is a process, and we will continue to test and try new things until we find a cup that keeps drinks hot, hands cool and is better for the planet. "A polystyrene ban will not eliminate waste or increase recycling; it will simply replace one type of trash with another," it said. Until a solution is found, Dunkin' Donuts has cut the weight of its foam and plastic cups and "offered our franchisees a reusable mug program." Plastic foam product limitations have already been ordered in several other cities, including Seattle, Washington, and Brookline, Massachusetts. Throughout his tenure, Bloomberg has garnered a reputation for bold and sometimes controversial initiatives. Despite public outcry, he pushed to regulate trans fat in food preparation in 2007, signed into law a ban on smoking in most public spaces in 2011, and last March prohibited sugary drinks in containers larger than 16 ounces in certain venues. The mayor has also advocated for, and sometimes financially supported, same-sex marriage, gun control, and several new public health proposals. "Now we are working on obesity and hopefully the courts won't stop us," Bloomberg said of his health policy efforts during a January press conference. "These small public health things that we do really make a difference in people's lives."
highlights: Mayor Michael Bloomberg wants to ban the use of plastic foam containers . Mayor: "Don't worry, the doggy bag and the coffee cup will survive just fine" It is one of many health or environmental initiatives Bloomberg has pursued .
id: 6f93d415bfa5dada2b1771ba3a6b1dddb13e1775
chatgpt: New York City's outgoing Mayor, Michael Bloomberg, proposed to ban the use of plastic foam containers in the city. He made the announcement at a news conference in a Manhattan recycling facility, where he discussed various environmental initiatives aimed at making New York City a more sustainable place to live. Mayor Bloomberg cited the fact that plastic foam containers cannot be recycled, adding that they end up in landfills and litter New York City's streets and waterways. He believes that the plastic foam, known as styrofoam, is harmful to human and animal health, and that it is a threat to the environment, as it takes hundreds of years to decompose. “Something that we know is environmentally destructive, that is costing taxpayers money and that is easily replaceable, it is something we can do without,” Bloomberg said. “So let’s take it out of the waste stream.” The Mayor's proposal comes after years of debate and protests from environmental groups, who have long argued that the use of plastic foam containers is harmful to the environment. According to the New York Times, the foam used in these containers is made from petroleum and requires a significant amount of energy and resources to produce. Mayor Bloomberg suggested that restaurants and retailers in the city should replace plastic foam containers with biodegradable alternatives, or switch to reusable ones. In response to those worried about the cost implications of his proposal, the Mayor reassured the concerned residents, saying that the change would not significantly increase businesses' operating costs. “Companies have had plenty of time to prepare for the ban,” Bloomberg said. “Don’t worry, the doggy bag and the coffee cup will survive just fine.” Bloomberg's proposal is just one of many initiatives he has pursued during his time as mayor. During his tenure, he has taken steps to curb smoking, combat climate change, and promote public health through initiatives such as banning the sale of large sugary drinks. He has also committed the city to transitioning away from fossil fuels, with the aim of reducing greenhouse gas emissions by 30% by 2030. While the ban does not go into effect until July 2015, it has already received public support from environmental groups and health experts. In a statement, the Natural Resources Defense Council praised the Mayor's proposal, saying that "New York City is setting an example for the rest of the country by taking action to reduce plastic foam pollution." However, the ban has also received criticism from some businesses who say that the switch to alternative containers could be an unnecessary expense. The American Chemistry Council, which represents the plastic industry, said in a statement that "there are better ways to manage litter" and that the solution to reducing the amount of plastic foam waste is to increase recycling efforts. Nevertheless, Mayor Bloomberg remains steadfast in his belief that phasing out the use of plastic foam containers is the right thing to do for New York City's environment and overall health. As his time as Mayor comes to a close, Bloomberg will be leaving behind a legacy of proactive governance that prioritizes the well-being of the city's residents and environment.