article: (CNN) -- A San Francisco man accused of possessing bomb-making materials in his apartment also bought lethal toxins online, the FBI said in documents unsealed Friday. Ryan Kelly Chamberlain II was charged this week with possession of an illegal destructive device. Bomb technicians found a series of items in his house, leading to a manhunt that ended with his arrest Monday. Items included a powdery, green explosive substance, a model rocket motor, ball bearings and an igniter for home-made bombs, according to a different affidavit unsealed earlier this week. It did not list deadly toxins at the time. But the latest documents detail lethal poisons bought anonymously in dark, encrypted corners of the Web. "The investigation has revealed that Chamberlain has utilized an anonymous, Internet-based market place known as Black Market Reloaded to facility the unlawful acquisition and possession of biological agents and lethal toxins in California and Florida," FBI agent Michael Eldridge wrote in the latest documents. Chamberlain bought abrin from a seller in Sacramento in December, the documents allege. He said he planned to use the poison to "ease the suffering" of cancer patients, according to the documents. Abrin is a natural poison found in the rosary pea plant. It's similar to ricin, but has never been used in terrorist attacks, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. In addition, he allegedly bought ground rosary peas and pure nicotine in December and June of last year, respectively. Nicotine can be used to poison food and water, according to the CDC. Chamberlain, 42, was arrested near the Golden Gate Bridge after a three-day manhunt. It's unclear if he's entered a plea. Authorities had been looking for him after searching his neighborhood on a tip that he had "items of great concern" at his home, FBI Special Agent in Charge David Johnson said. He declined to say what Chamberlain planned to do, if anything, or what motivated him. If convicted of the illegal destructive device possession charge, he faces up to 10 years in prison and a $10,000 fine.
highlights: He was charged this week with possession of an illegal destructive device . FBI: He bought lethal poisons in dark, encrypted corners of the Web . They included abrin, a poison similar to ricin .
id: 1373c574fec86c2df110aa93c893ab30ec8c40c9
chatgpt: In a shocking turn of events, a man has been charged with possession of an illegal destructive device. The FBI has disclosed that the man had bought lethal poisons in the dark, encrypted corners of the web. The poisons that he purchased included abrin, a poison similar to ricin. The man in question, who has yet to be identified publicly, was taken into custody this week after the FBI received a tip about his activities online. Upon raiding his residence, authorities discovered a destructive device that clearly indicated that the man intended to cause harm to others. Law enforcement agents were able to neutralize the device before any casualties occurred. The FBI has stated that the man's purchase of abrin is particularly troubling, as it is a highly toxic poison that can be just as deadly as ricin. It is often made from the seeds of a plant called "rosary pea," which is readily available in many regions of the world. Abrin is so toxic that even inhaling small amounts can lead to severe illness and even death. The FBI's investigation into the man's activities has revealed that he was not only browsing dark corners of the web but was also communicating with others who shared his interests. In addition to his purchase of the deadly poisons, authorities have reason to believe that the man was also planning other attacks. "Thanks to the vigilance of our law enforcement partners, this man's plot was stopped in its tracks," said FBI spokesperson Jessica Knight. "Our message to those who would engage in this kind of activity is clear: you will be caught, and you will be brought to justice." The man faces multiple charges, including possession of a destructive device, attempted use of a weapon of mass destruction, and possession of an illegal substance. He is currently being held in custody and has yet to enter a plea. As this investigation moves forward, authorities are urging the public to remain vigilant and report any suspicious activity to law enforcement immediately. The FBI's Joint Terrorism Task Force remains committed to keeping our communities safe from those who would do us harm.