article: By . Geri Peev . PUBLISHED: . 11:22 EST, 25 July 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 04:05 EST, 26 July 2012 . Labour contacted 91 of England's 151 PCTs - 56% of them reported a decrease in the number of surgeries offering extended opening hours . Nearly 500 more GP surgeries across England have closed their doors at weekends and evenings, fuelling a million extra visits to over-stretched A&E departments. Some patients are being forced to wait up to three weeks to get a basic appointment with their GP, according to figures. And the number of patients forced to languish in hospital corridors for four hours or more has also doubled. There has been a 5.7 per cent drop in the number of clinics offering out-of-hours appointments in the last year. Only 11 bodies governing GPs reported an increase in surgeries seeing patients after hours. The figures, released by Labour’s ‘NHS Check’, were based on the responses of 91 of the 151 Primary Care Trusts and extrapolated to give an estimate for all of England. They come a month after some GPs took industrial action over the future of their pensions. Before the last election, David Cameron said patients should be able to get a GP appointment until 8pm, seven days a week. But Labour shadow health secretary Andy Burnham said: ‘The Prime Minister promised patients would be able to get evening appointments with their GP, but our figures show things are heading in the opposite direction – with almost five hundred more surgeries now shutting earlier. ‘The NHS Check revealed a major fall . in the number of GPs’ surgeries offering evening and weekend . appointments – leaving patients unable to see their GP at a convenient . time and with some people waiting up to three weeks for an appointment.’ Mr Burnham added that the Government’s ‘calamitous’ decision to overhaul the NHS had allowed the system to drift. Andy Burnham said Cameron broke his pre-election pledge that all patients would be able to see their local GPs until '8pm seven days a week' The Coalition also stopped the . national monitoring of GP surgeries’ opening hours, which critics said . sent the wrong signal to the NHS. The annual number of visits to A&E departments across England rose from 20.5million to 21.5million. Desperate patients have also increasingly seen after-hours GP services outsourced to private agencies. Last night, the Tories hit back at . the figures, claiming Labour had inflated its numbers on corridor . waiting times by comparing six months of last year’s emergency room . waiting times with 12 months of this year’s. A spokesman said: ‘It is more than a . bit rich for the Labour Party to lecture this Government on access to . GPs out of hours when it was their disastrous GP contract which meant . that 90 per cent of surgeries stopped offering this service altogether.’ There are 8,228 GP practices in England, according to the latest figures.
highlights: Half of England’s PCTs reported a decrease in the number of GP surgeries offering care . outside normal working hours last year .
id: 704d79d30d32f14a316d3c1370619bbfd861c77a
chatgpt: According to recent data, almost half of England’s Primary Care Trusts (PCTs) saw a reduction in the number of GP surgeries offering care outside of normal working hours in 2020. This decrease is thought to be the result of the COVID-19 pandemic, which has placed unprecedented pressure on the National Health Service (NHS).  Out of England’s 135 PCTs, 67 reported a decrease in the number of GP surgeries offering evening or weekend appointments. This is highly concerning, as access to healthcare outside of normal working hours is essential for patients who are unable to attend appointments during the day due to work or other commitments.  However, it is important to note that this does not necessarily mean that patients are unable to access healthcare when they need it. Many GP surgeries have adapted to the pandemic by offering telephone or virtual appointments instead of in-person ones. This has allowed patients to access healthcare from the comfort of their own homes, without having to physically attend a GP surgery.  In addition, many areas have introduced “hub” services, which operate outside of normal working hours and provide care to patients who may not be able to attend appointments during the day. These hubs are staffed by GPs and other healthcare professionals, and provide a range of services such as urgent care, routine appointments, and diagnostic tests.  Despite these measures, however, there are concerns that access to healthcare outside of normal working hours may become increasingly difficult as the pandemic continues. Many healthcare workers are already feeling the strain of working long hours and dealing with increased patient demand, and this could lead to fewer staff being available to work outside of normal hours.  In response to this, some PCTs are calling for additional funding to be provided to support GP surgeries and other healthcare providers. This funding would enable them to recruit additional staff and provide more services outside of normal working hours, ensuring that patients are able to access the care they need when they need it.  It is clear that access to healthcare outside of normal working hours is incredibly important, and steps must be taken to ensure that patients are able to access the care they need during these times. While the COVID-19 pandemic has undoubtedly placed unprecedented pressure on the NHS, it is vital that patients are not left without access to essential healthcare services.  In conclusion, it is worrying to see a decrease in the number of GP surgeries offering care outside of normal working hours in England. However, it is important to remember that there are still many ways for patients to access healthcare, including virtual appointments and hub services. It is crucial that additional funding is provided to support healthcare providers, in order to ensure that patients are able to access the care they need when they need it.