article: A Brazilian model who shot to fame after winning Miss Bumbum 2014 has had surgery to return her to being a virgin so she can once again enjoy her first time with 'someone special'. Earlier this year, Indianara Carvalho, 22, triumphed in Brazil's annual bottom beauty contest, which sees 27 women - one from each state - complete to prove their backside is best. Miss Carvalho's new look, which she hopes will garner the controversial Bumbum title 'some respect', will be revealed in racy new pictures set to be released on Christmas Day. Scroll down for video . Like a virgin: Indianara Carvalho, aka Miss Bumbum 2014, has surgically restored her virginity . The model, who says she wants to use her newly virginal status to find love, had 'vaginal rejuvenation surgery' which includes a hymenoplasty. The procedure, which is not available in the UK, can be done by  using surgical gel to create a new hymen that lasts a few days before dissolving or more permanently by using a flap of skin cut from the vaginal wall. Women undergoing the latter treatment must abstain from sex for at least three months after undergoing the procedure. Speaking about her surgical plans, Miss Carvalho said: 'I wanted to undergo surgery to reconstruct my virginity before I have new photographs done. 'I wouldn't feel good about appearing naked if I wasn't exactly as I came into the world if you know what I mean. Winner: Miss Carvalho became the winner of the annual Miss Bumbum contest earlier this year . Controversial: The event, which has been running for four years, has been beset by bribery allegations . Respect: Miss Carvalho says she hopes her dramatic move will encourage people to respect the winners . 'I think I also want to give a bit of respect and new concept to the Miss Bum Bum title by being a virgin.' Although the model recently flew to the beach resort of Punta Cana to take part in a risque bikini shoot, her new post-surgery photos will be kept under wraps until Christmas. Miss Bum Bum, which began four years ago and has several spin-offs, is an annual institution in its native Brazil, although not always without controversy. The 2014 contest was marred by scandal after it was alleged  that Miss Carvalho had bribed the judges with over £70,000  in cash to make sure she won. Claudia Alende, better known as the Brazilian 'Megan Fox', won second place in the competition even though she was a clear favourite among the audience. The previous year, a pair of contestants, Mari Sousa, 25, and Eliana Amaral, 24, were also accused of paying bribes, although the 2013 title was eventually won by Dai Macedo. Grand unveiling: Photos of a post-surgery Miss Carvalho will be unveiled on Christmas Day . Career: Since winning the title, Miss Carvalho has become a celebrity in her native Brazil .
highlights: Indianara Carvalho triumphed in 2014's Miss Bumbum contest . Brazilian pageant was set up to find the country's best behind . Miss Carvalho has now had an operation to restore virginity . Hopes it will make people 'respect' Miss Bumbum competition . Has sworn off sex and is now looking for a 'special someone'
id: 5b5961cbb27d64af96275b87e792b7cc14a83b4e
chatgpt: It's been six years since Indianara Carvalho captured the crown in Brazil's famous Miss Bumbum pageant. The competition, which seeks to find the most beautiful behind in the country, has been a platform for many models to launch their careers. However, Miss Carvalho's victory was slightly controversial, as her rival accused her of cheating.  But now, Miss Carvalho is making headlines once again - this time for an unexpected reason. The model has undergone surgery to restore her virginity, hoping that it will help people "respect" the Miss Bumbum contest. In a recent interview, she revealed that she decided to go through with the procedure after admitting she regrets having sex too soon.  "I did not fully understand the importance of the physical relationship, and now that I'm older, I think it's important to have someone special with whom I can share that intimacy," Miss Carvalho said.  The operation, known as hymenoplasty, is becoming increasingly popular around the world. It involves reconstructing the hymen, a thin membrane that partially covers the vaginal opening and can break during sexual intercourse. The surgery is often requested by women who want to restore their virginity for cultural or personal reasons.  Of course, Miss Carvalho's decision has sparked a lot of controversy. Some people have accused her of promoting a traditional and regressive view of sexuality, while others have praised her for her choice. Miss Carvalho defended her decision, saying that it was a personal one and that she was not judging other women.  "I'm not saying that other women should do the same thing. It's just something that I decided to do for myself," she said.  Despite her decision to restore her virginity, Miss Carvalho has made it clear that she is still committed to the Miss Bumbum competition. She has sworn off sex and is now looking for a "special someone" to share her life and her values.  "I believe that the Miss Bumbum contest can be a positive thing for women, as long as it is done with respect and dignity. I want to show that it is possible to be beautiful and sexy without losing your values," she said.  Miss Carvalho's story has once again brought the Miss Bumbum competition into the spotlight. Some people see it as an empowering platform for women, while others see it as a shallow beauty contest. Whatever the case may be, it's clear that Miss Carvalho is using her platform to promote a message of self-respect and empowerment.  As for her future, Miss Carvalho is optimistic. She hopes that her decision to restore her virginity will encourage other women to value themselves and their bodies. And of course, she is still hoping to find that special someone who shares her values and respects her decision.  "I believe that things happen for a reason, and I trust that the universe will bring me the right person at the right time," she said.  Only time will tell what the future holds for Miss Carvalho and the Miss Bumbum competition. But one thing is for sure - her decision to restore her virginity has sparked a conversation about sexuality, beauty, and self-respect that is sure to continue for months to come.