article: It was billed as a clash between emerging jumps superstar Annie Power and one of the best staying hurdlers of all time, Big Buck's. But in the event, another up-and-comer, More Of That, spoiled the party by capturing the World Hurdle on the third day of the Cheltenham Festival. Victory extended trainer Jonjo O'Neill's record to three winners this week, while for jockey Barry Geraghty it was yet another winner on a horse that had been rejected by number one jockey A P McCoy -- he scored in the Champion Hurdle on Jezki on Wednesday. The perennial Champion Jockey, who suffered a horror fall here on Wednesday, plumped for At Fishers Cross, who could do no better than third.  11-8 favorite Annie Power ran a gallant race to finish second. The only mare in the race, Annie Power initially seemed to be overawed by the occasion, unaccustomed to the roar of a 60,000 capacity crowd in her ears. But she was soon settled by jockey Ruby Walsh and sat comfortably towards the back of the field. As the business end of the race approached, she was maneuvered to within striking distance of Big Buck's, but when it became apparent that the threat was going to come not from Sam Twiston-Davies's mount but from the J P McManus runners, At Fishers Cross and More of That, she was switched by Walsh to the outside. As the final flight loomed Annie Power and More Of That rose together but on the long run to the winning post More Of That was able to find greater reserves of stamina. Trainer O'Neill was full of praise for the six-year-old. "We were very pleased with the horse and he was in great old form," O'Neill said. "Jumping the last, I thought he would keep galloping. I had a little doubt in my mind that Annie Power might not quite get home but she gave us a fair fright." Big Buck's had become virtually synonymous with this race, having won four of the last five editions (he missed 2013 through injury). Regarded by many as one of the best staying hurdlers of all time, Big Buck's had failed to make a fairy-tale comeback from injury this season and only managed fifth place today. The 11-year-old was immediately retired after this 40th race and took a victory lap of the parade ring to rapturous applause. A visibly moved Paul Nicholls, trainer of Big Buck's, concluded: "You have got to be sensible and draw stumps at the right time and this is the right time." Read more: Thoroughbred therapy on Cape Town's coast .
highlights: More Of That beats Annie Power to World Hurdle at Cheltenham Festival . 11-8 favorite Annie Power finishes second with multiple winner Big Buck's down in fifth . Veteran 11-year-old Big Buck's retired after race by trainer Paul Nicholls .
id: de62a833365544772280c6a61afa2a2c4fae99a3
chatgpt: In a thrilling race at the Cheltenham Festival, More Of That emerged victorious in the World Hurdle, beating out 11-8 favorite Annie Power. It was a sweet victory for More Of That, who had been out of action due to injury for almost two years before making his return to the track last month. Despite the long layoff, More Of That looked in top form from the start of the race. He was positioned towards the front of the pack, just behind Annie Power who was setting the pace. As the race progressed, More Of That began to gain momentum and soon took the lead from his rival. Annie Power tried her best to catch up, but More Of That proved too strong and held on to win by a length and a half. It was a disappointing result for Annie Power, who had been heavily backed by punters ahead of the race. Another disappointment of the race was Big Buck's, a multiple winner of the World Hurdle who finished down in fifth place. Shortly after the race, it was announced that the veteran 11-year-old would be retired by his trainer Paul Nicholls. Nicholls was visibly emotional as he announced the retirement of his star horse, who had won four consecutive World Hurdles between 2009 and 2012. "He's been an amazing horse for us over the years," said Nicholls. "It's sad to see him retire, but he's had a great career and we're proud of everything he's achieved." Despite the disappointment for Annie Power and Big Buck's, it was a triumphant moment for More Of That and his trainer Jonjo O'Neill. O'Neill praised his horse's performance, saying it was "brilliant to see him back in action and winning races again." More Of That's jockey Barry Geraghty was equally thrilled with the win. "He's a class horse and he proved it today," said Geraghty. "It's been a long road back for him, but he's shown today that he's still got what it takes to compete at the highest level." The victory in the World Hurdle caps off a remarkable comeback for More Of That, who had been sidelined with injury since finishing second in the RSA Chase at the Cheltenham Festival in March 2014. With his impressive performance at this year's Festival, he has firmly re-established himself as one of the top hurdlers in the sport. As for Annie Power, the defeat will be a disappointing end to what has been an otherwise impressive season. The mare had come into the World Hurdle with an unbeaten record, having won each of her previous 10 races. But on this occasion, she was simply outmatched by a resurgent More Of That.