article: Two orphaned baby wombats have picked up an unlikely skill after a tragic start in life, learning to play soccer in the back yard of their temporary home. Dudley and Moria-Joy were rescued by Judy Bailey around 12 months ago on the NSW South Coast after their mothers were killed by cars. 'They were both found on the side of the road in their mums' pouches after their mums were run over by cars,' Judy’s niece Kirsten Bailey told Daily Mail Australia. Soccer is now ‘a regular hobbie’ for the marsupials. ‘It’s how they get exercise,’ Kirsten explained. When they were first rescued, Dudley weighed just 720g but now they are both a healthy 8kg. Scroll down for video . Two orphaned baby wombats have  learnt to play soccer at their temporary home on the NSW south coast . Dudley and Moria-Joy love to have a kick around after being rescued when their mothers were hit by cars . 'Judy will look after them on her enclosed property on the South Coast until they are 22kg and old enough to be released into the wild. 'Besides soccer, they enjoy digging dirt to make burrows, eating grass and lots of sleeping,' Kirsten said. Judy has been rescuing wildlife for around a decade, but it’s not just wombats – she also takes in injured kangaroos, wallabies, birds and possums and cares for them until they are strong enough to be released into the wild again. Judy Bailey has been rescuing wildlife for around a decade, caring for them until they are strong enough to be released into the wild again . They were found in the pouches of their dead mothers but are now enjoying a happy life at Judy Bailey's home until they are old enough to be released into the wild . Kirsten said they wombats love to play around and 'bond with humans quite easily' Kirsten said the little wombats have ‘a lovely big area for them to play in’ out the back of Judy’s home. One day, Judy threw a soccer ball to them and they’ve been playing with it ever since. Their sporting antics were filmed and published on YouTube last week, with Kirsten’s husband Luke describing them as ‘too cute for words’. ‘The wombats are her babies, they are so cute,’ Kirsten said. The mini marsupials have formed a strong bond since being orphaned . ‘They are very affectionate; they love a cuddle and playing around and bond with humans quite easily. It can make it dangerous to release back into the wild but it’s OK if the location is far away from the roads,’ she added. Dudley and Moria-Joy will be driven out into the bush and released as soon as they are big enough, in the wild wombats are usually weaned after 15 months. Whether they’ll take their ball with them remains to be seen. Judy volunteers with Wildlife Rescue South Coast, to make a donation go to www.wildlife-rescue.org.au/donate .
highlights: The wombats were found as babies in their mothers' pouches after their mothers were killed by cars . Judy Bailey cares for them at her home on NSW's South Coast . Her niece Kirsten says soccer is now a 'regular hobbie' for the cute pair .
id: 9ce112cd38e103fa108da1c7080a9b72185e1fcd
chatgpt: A pair of orphaned wombats have found a loving home with Judy Bailey on the New South Wales South Coast. The two babies were discovered in their mothers' pouches after tragic car accidents killed their adult marsupials. Judy Bailey, a noted wildlife carer, has devoted herself to raising the creatures in her home. As the weeks have gone by, the wombats have bonded with Bailey and her extended family, becoming playful and energetic members of the household. The furry duo has also enjoyed a few new hobbies since being adopted. According to Bailey's niece Kirsten, who has helped care for the animals, "Soccer is a regular hobby for them now. They are little athletes, always kicking their little balls back and forth." Despite the sadness that accompanied their discovery, the baby wombats have flourished under Bailey's diligent care. Her expertise and love for animals has provided the marsupials with a chance to thrive. This isn't the first time Bailey has opened her home to wild animals in need. She is well known in her community for her compassion and devotion to preserving the welfare of Australian fauna. Wombats, in particular, are one of Bailey's passions. She notes that the creatures' presence in the wild is under threat, due in large part to their susceptibility to car accidents. In fact, car strikes account for a large percentage of wombat deaths. Thus, Bailey's work is not only an act of love for these animals, but is also part of a larger conservation effort. Her stewardship is crucial in maintaining the wombat population in the region and ensuring their survival for generations to come. The bond that has developed between the wombats and their carer is evident in the joy and contentment they exude. Bailey's home, already a sanctuary for the wildlife in her area, has now become a loving haven for these two babies who lost their mothers. Through Bailey's kindness and expertise, they have a chance to live long, happy lives, filled with play and love. While the animals may have started out in a sad situation, the nurturing environment provided by Bailey and her family has changed their fortunes for the better. Their newfound love of soccer is proof that even in the face of tragedy, anything is possible with care and attention. With their resilience and the support of compassionate communities like Bailey's, there is hope for the future of these beloved creatures.