article: By . Sam Webb for MailOnline . Police and RSPCA inspectors have rescued a dog subjected to 'horrible' abuse after being hog-tied in a park. Officers found the boxer-cross - which they have called Spencer - abandoned in Sloughbottom Park in Norwich. His legs were lashed together and he had been tied to a post, leaving him unable to stand or move. He also had string and household electrical cable wrapped around his neck. Recovering: Officers found the boxer-cross - which they have called Spencer - abandoned in Sloughbottom Park in Norwich. His legs were tied together and he had been lashed to a post . Cruel: The animal's legs were secured using electrical cables and string . Spencer, believed to be about four years old, was relatively healthy but in pain from being tied up. The dog was spotted by a member of the public near a skate park at about 6am on Saturday. Officers looked after the frightened dog at the scene and helped by a vet were quickly able to move him safely to start receiving treatment. Spencer was not micro-chipped and did not have any identification tags. RSPCA inspector Laura Sayer said: 'Poor Spencer was traumatised from this horrible ordeal but luckily not hurt. 'He is a lovely dog, and has clearly been well looked after, so it might even be that there is a loving owner out there missing him. 'We urge anyone with any information to come forward.' Care: Police officers wrapped the suffering animal in a foil blanket and their coats after rescuing it . She added: 'We are very grateful to this passing member of the public and to the police for rescuing him, there is no way he would have been able to escape the tangle of ropes which held him on his own - apparently he was completely hog-tied. 'We can’t imagine who would do such a terrible thing to a beautiful pet.' Pc Craig Bidwell said: 'Attacking a dog in this way is completely unacceptable and I would urge anyone who has information about the incident to contact me. 'Officers will be working with inspectors from the RSPCA to find the person responsible and take action.' Witnesses should contact Norfolk Police or the RSPCA on 0300 123 8018. RSPCA inspector Laura Sayer with Spencer, who was traumatised from his ordeal but wasn't hurt . Spencer was not micro-chipped and had no identification tags, but appears to have been well-cared for .
highlights: Spencer the boxer-cross was bound and dumped in a park in Norwich . RSPCA officer said: 'We can’t imagine who would do such a terrible thing' The dog is now being cared for at a rescue centre while police investigate .
id: 856ca8357396067f1c2c16a7e355b1e3a1687442
chatgpt: A helpless boxer-cross dog was found abandoned and bound in a park in Norwich, leaving animal welfare officers in shock and disbelief. The poor pup, named Spencer, was discovered by a passerby who immediately called the RSPCA for help. According to reports, Spencer was left in the park with his mouth taped shut and his legs tied together. The dog was unable to move or even bark for help, and he was in a state of extreme distress when he was discovered. An RSPCA officer who was called to the scene said, "We can't imagine who would do such a terrible thing to an innocent animal. Spencer was in a completely helpless state when we found him, and it's heartbreaking to think of what he must have endured before we arrived." The officer continued, "Thankfully, Spencer is now safe and receiving the care he needs. Our team at the rescue centre is doing everything in their power to make him comfortable and help him recover from the trauma he has experienced." Spencer is currently being cared for at a rescue centre while police investigate the cruel and inhumane act of animal abuse. The RSPCA has also launched an appeal for information, urging anyone who may have seen anything suspicious in the area to come forward with any information that may help identify whoever is responsible for the crime. Animal welfare organizations have long campaigned for tougher penalties for those found guilty of animal cruelty, with many calling for stricter sentencing guidelines for offenders. The RSPCA has been at the forefront of this fight, working tirelessly to protect vulnerable animals like Spencer and bring their abusers to justice. The charity has called on the government to take tougher action against those who abuse and neglect animals, and to bring in tougher sentencing guidelines for those found guilty of such crimes. According to reports, the number of animal cruelty cases in the UK is rising, with over 1,000 cases reported to the RSPCA every day. Speaking about Spencer's case, a spokesperson for the RSPCA said, "It's heartbreaking to think that there are people out there who are capable of such cruelty towards animals. Spencer is one of the lucky ones – he was found before it was too late. But there are many more animals out there who are suffering every day at the hands of humans." The spokesperson continued, "We urge anyone who may have information about Spencer's case or any other instances of animal cruelty to come forward and contact the RSPCA. We need your help to bring these cruel individuals to justice and to protect vulnerable animals like Spencer from further harm."