article: (CNN) -- Kurbanjan Samat, a 32-year-old Uyghur photographer, wants to dispel the stereotypes he says many Chinese hold about people from his home region -- an ethnically diverse province in China's far west. He traveled to more than 20 cities to interview and photograph more than 500 people as part of a photography project called "I'm from Xinjiang" that aims to bridge the gap between China's Han majority and the predominantly Muslim Uyghurs at a time of heightened tensions between the two groups. Following the conviction of Uyghur extremists for a number of violent attacks in the past year, Samat told CNN that many Chinese outside Xinjiang increasingly associate the province with terrorism. "The idea occurred to me to tell the real life stories of people from Xinjiang... and show that people from Xinjiang are no different from others," he said. A new book will showcase 100 of his best portraits. They include Nefise Nehmat, a Shanghai-based Uyghur lawyer, who is now studying for a master's degree in comparative law at a U.S. university and Zhang Zhiqiang, a Han Chinese adopted by a Uyghur family, who runs a mobile phone business and has converted to Islam. The subjects are shown in a variety of settings -- an office cubicle, praying, in a radio studio and at home, which Samat hopes will dispel a common perception that people from Xinjiang only run kebab stalls or restaurants. Most of the people he approached were willing to have their portraits taken, but some balked at the last minute. Samat, who is based in Beijing and started taking photos in middle school, says he, like other Uyghurs, has faced discrimination, particularly after knife-wielding assailants killed 31 people at train station in Kunming earlier this year -- an attack Chinese media referred to as the country's 9/11. "During those days, I couldn't even get a cab because I have a face typical of Xinjiang people," he said. Samat doesn't expect his book to bring any significant changes but he hopes it will encourage others to understand the people from Xinjiang they encounter in their daily life. Ultimately, he says, he did the project "not for Uyghurs, not for Xinjiang," but for himself. "If I don't do this, the labels they put on Xinjiang people will be put on me. I don't want to be labeled." CNN's Zhang Dayu reported from Beijing, Katie Hunt wrote from Hong Kong.
highlights: Uyghur photographer wants to dispel stereotypes about Xinjiang. The Chinese province has become associated with Islamic terrorism. Kurbanjan Samat has taken more than 500 portraits. He hopes to reflect the real lives of people from the province.
id: d722645d9acf5b1a40af17f1cc93f14684c634b7
chatgpt: Xinjiang has often been associated with Islamic terrorism, a perception that the government and media have been unable to shake. However, one Uyghur photographer wants to change this perception and show the world the real lives of people in the province. Kurbanjan Samat, originally from the city of Kashgar in Xinjiang, has taken more than 500 portraits of local people in an attempt to dispel stereotypes about the province. Samat believes that the portrayal of Xinjiang as a hotbed of terrorism is unfair and wants to highlight the province's diverse ethnic and cultural landscape. "Xinjiang is not just about terrorism and violence. There are many different cultures and people living here," says Samat. "I want to use my photography to show the outside world what life is really like in Xinjiang." Samat's portraits vary in subject matter, from elderly farmers and young children to young professionals and artists. His photographs capture the essence of the province's people, their daily lives, and their struggles to preserve their traditions and culture in a rapidly changing landscape. Despite the challenges of being a photographer in Xinjiang, Samat remains committed to his work. He admits that there have been times when he has faced scrutiny and censorship from authorities, but he remains undeterred. "I know that what I am doing is important, and I won't stop until the message gets through," says Samat. Samat's photography has garnered attention both locally and internationally, with his work being featured in exhibitions and galleries across China. However, despite the positive response to his work, Samat knows that his efforts are a small step towards changing the perception of Xinjiang. He hopes that more people will take an interest in the province and its people, and that through his photography, he can help bridge the gap between Xinjiang and the rest of the world. "I hope that people will see my photographs and realize that there is more to Xinjiang than what they see in the media," says Samat. "I want to show them the real lives of people here, and to help them understand and appreciate the diversity of our culture and traditions." With his camera in hand, Samat continues to snap portraits of the people of Xinjiang, one photo at a time, in the hopes of creating a more nuanced and accurate portrayal of the province and its people.