article: Kelly Brook is the proud owner of some of the most famous curves in the country and she has stripped off to remind us why - just in time for Valentine's Day. The 34-year-old model has designed a racy range of Valentine's lingerie to help women impress their men this February 14th, and modelled it herself of course. Following on from her successful Christmas lingerie range for New Look, Kelly says her latest offering is the perfect treat for women wanting to feel feminine and fabulous. Scroll down for video . Dress to impress: Kelly Brook has designed - and modelled - a new range of lingerie for New Look . A spokesperson for the high street giant said: 'Designed to cater for those who want great quality, beautiful underwear at affordable prices, there is something for everyone’s personal style in this collection. 'A sexy red lace bodice, kitsch polka dot cami and briefs or simply an elegant underwear set - Kelly has ensured that every woman has the chance to ooze the sultry glamour she is known for.' Famous curves: Kelly showcases her famous assets as she models her new range, which she promises will help women feel feminine and fabulous this February . Fun and flirty: Kelly's range, which starts from £5.99, is landing in New Look stores just in time for Valentine's Day . Kelly has used an array of shimmering satins and lace that she hopes will add a feeling of decadence to her underwear range, which starts from £5.99. It's been a busy week for the poster girl, who has been working hard shooting her new calendar in Miami. But the brunette managed to take some time out to frolic around with her new boyfriend David McIntosh in the Florida sea on Monday. Kelly showed off her ample assets in a black and white . striped bikini as she played around in the ocean with the former . Gladiator. The happy couple – . who have been dating for just one month - appeared to be having a whale . of a time as they messed about in the sea and strolled along the beach. Walking advert: Kelly sure knows how to sell her products, they have become some of New Look's best-selling . Soaking up the sun: Kelly and David looked to be having a great time as they holidayed in Miami .
highlights: Model, 34, has designed flirty Valentines range for New Look . Says it will make women feel fabulous and feminine . Prices start at £5.99 . Currently in Miami with new boyfriend, David McIntosh .
id: e967afcacad51cc104f959dd447009597b9c5cb1
chatgpt: Model and fashion designer, 34, has created the perfect collection for this Valentine's Day season. Inspired by her travels and personal style, she has collaborated with popular fashion retailer, New Look, to create a flirty and feminine range that aims to make women feel fabulous and confident. The collection, which includes everything from sexy lingerie sets to playful dresses, offers a range of options that are perfect for a romantic night out or a cozy evening at home. With prices starting at just £5.99, the range is accessible for women of all budgets. "I wanted to create a collection that would make women feel confident and beautiful, no matter their age or size. Valentine's Day is all about celebrating love, and I wanted to offer something special for all women to enjoy," said the model. The collection has been designed with Valentine's Day in mind, but the pieces are versatile enough to be worn throughout the year. From silky cami sets to flirty jumpsuits, the collection is perfect for any occasion where a woman wants to feel her best. The model, who is currently in Miami with her new boyfriend, David McIntosh, is excited to see how women respond to the collection. "I love seeing women feel confident and empowered in my designs, and I know that this collection will help them do just that," she said. New Look, the popular UK retailer known for its trendy yet affordable fashion pieces, is equally excited about the collaboration. "We're thrilled to have partnered with the talented model to bring this exciting Valentines range to our customers. We know our shoppers will love the flirty and feminine designs, and we're excited to see them rock these pieces," said a representative from the brand. The collection is set to launch in stores and online in time for Valentine's Day, with select pieces available for pre-order now. With prices starting at just £5.99, it's the perfect opportunity to snag a flirty and fun piece for any romantic occasion. Whether you're spending the day with your significant other or having a night out with friends, this collection promises to make you feel confident and fabulous.