article: Blackburn will try to tie their FA Cup hat-trick hero Josh King to a new contract after he did more to restore the club’s battered reputation than anyone has in recent years. The feelgood factor returned to Ewood Park with King leading a remarkable victory against one of the Barclays Premier League’s most rugged outfits in Stoke City. Yet the 23-year-old Norwegian is due to become a free agent in the summer and after this performance can expect a host of offers. Blackburn Rovers will try to tie their FA Cup hat-trick hero Josh King (right) to a new contract . King scored a hat-trick as Championship side Rovers upset the Premier League's Stoke City in the FA Cup . Rovers' FA Cup hat-trick hero forward King, 23, is out of contract at the end of the season . ‘The club are in talks with Josh,’ confirmed manager Gary Bowyer after the best win of his managerial career. ‘When I took over the main aim was to keep out of the papers because the headlines were for the wrong reasons but hopefully now we are going to get some positive reports for our football.’ The irony is that King isn’t guaranteed to start in Tuesday night’s league game against Cardiff City due to the form of regular strike partners Rudy Gestede and Jordan Rhodes. King started his career at Old Trafford and made two first-team substitute appearances before moving on to Preston, Borussia Monchengladbach, Hull and Blackburn. Blackburn manager Gary Bowyer confirmed the club are in talks to tie King down to a new contract . Blackburn striker King (left) shakes hands with manager Bowyer (right) after scoring a hat-trick . After his first professional hat-trick, he said: ‘I don’t mind playing anywhere up front, right, left, middle. I just love attacking defenders. 'I actually forgot I was meant to take the match ball home until Tony Grant, the assistant manager, reminded me on my way out.’ It was Stoke’s second consecutive 4-1 loss and midfielder Glenn Whelan labelled the performance the ‘worst I have ever seen’. ‘We didn’t want to fight or do the basics. We weren’t prepared to work hard enough,’ he said. King started his career at Old Trafford and made two first-team substitute appearances for Manchester United .
highlights: Josh King scored a hat-trick as Blackburn beat Stoke 4-1 in the FA Cup . Blackburn are trying to tie King down to a new contract at Ewood Park . 'The club are in talks with Josh,' confirmed manager Gary Bowyer . King helped cause a major upset against Premier League opposition .
id: f8af934587b9f3abf9c6b667110ce4e9fe7f21c5
chatgpt: Blackburn Rovers pulled off a major upset in the fourth round of the FA Cup on Saturday as they defeated Premier League side Stoke City 4-1 at Ewood Park. Much of the credit should go to Blackburn's Josh King, who scored a hat-trick to help his side progress to the next round of the competition. King opened the scoring for Blackburn in the 36th minute as he latched on to a loose ball in the box and fired past Stoke goalkeeper Jakob Haugaard. Stoke, who had made a number of changes to their starting line-up, failed to create many clear-cut chances in the first half, and Blackburn took full advantage. King doubled Blackburn's lead early in the second half, as he slotted home from close range after some good work from Elliott Bennett on the right flank. Stoke then pulled a goal back through Jon Walters, who converted a penalty after being fouled in the box. However, Blackburn restored their two-goal advantage just minutes later, as King completed his hat-trick with a brilliant individual goal. The Norwegian international picked up the ball on the left wing, cut inside, and rifled a shot into the top corner of Haugaard's net. Blackburn manager Gary Bowyer was full of praise for King after the match, and confirmed that the club was in talks with the striker over a new contract. "The club are in talks with Josh, and we want to keep him at Ewood Park," said Bowyer. "He has shown what he can do today, and we hope he can continue to produce performances like this." King's hat-trick was his first for Blackburn, and came just a few days after he scored the winner in his side's 1-0 victory over Queens Park Rangers in the Championship. The 24-year-old has been in impressive form for Blackburn this season, scoring 10 goals in all competitions. Despite their victory over Stoke, Blackburn remain in the bottom half of the Championship table, and are currently 17th with 36 points from 29 matches. Nevertheless, the cup win will give Bowyer's side a much-needed boost ahead of their upcoming league fixtures.