article: (CNN) -- Ten states plan to file a federal lawsuit challenging the constitutionality of the new health care reform bill, Florida's attorney general announced Monday. Bill McCollum, the Republican attorney general under fellow Republican Gov. Charlie Crist, told a news conference that the lawsuit would be filed once President Obama signs the health care bill into law. He said he'll be joined by his counterparts in Alabama, Nebraska, North Dakota, Pennsylvania, South Carolina, South Dakota, Texas,  Utah and Washington. All of the attorneys general in the 10 states mentioned by McCollum are Republican, but McCollum said the lawsuit would be about the law and not politics. Also Monday, Virginia's Republican attorney general said his state would file a lawsuit challenging the health care bill. It was unclear if Virginia would join the other states or proceed on its own. The U.S. House of Representatives passed the bill on Sunday night, and Obama intends to sign it Tuesday, according to Democratic sources. What will health care reform mean to you? McCollum said the lawsuit would challenge the bill's provision requiring people to purchase health insurance, along with provisions that will force state government to spend more on health care services. "This is a tax or a penalty on just living, and that's unconstitutional," he said of the mandate to purchase health coverage. "There's no provision in the Constitution of the United States giving Congress the power to do that." McCollum also said that portions of the bill would force states to spend money they don't have, which he called a violation of the 10th Amendment to the Constitution. "There's no way we can do what's required in this bill and still provide for education, for foster care, for the incarceration of prisoners, all the other things that are in this bill," he said. McCollum said he expected the lawsuit to eventually reach the U.S. Supreme Court. Later Monday, White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs said the Obama administration expected to win any lawsuits filed against the health care bill. The Democratic governor of Washington criticized her state's attorney general, Rob McKenna, for being part of the planned lawsuit. Gov. Chris Gregoire issued a statement that said she disagreed with McKenna's decision and that the attorney general was not representing her. Gregoire's statement also said she would actively oppose the lawsuit.
highlights: Virginia, 10 other states plan to file suit challenging health care reform bill . Florida AG Bill McCollum: "This is a tax ... on just living, and that's unconstitutional" McCollum says bill would force states to spend money, which violates 10th Amendment .
id: be215ff288242a4447e278e651b1dbb9411ba35f
chatgpt: Virginia and 10 other states are preparing to file a lawsuit challenging the constitutionality of the recently passed healthcare reform bill. According to sources, the states have voiced their concerns about the legislation's potential infringement upon states' rights and its violation of the 10th Amendment.  Florida Attorney General Bill McCollum, who is leading the charge, issued a statement criticizing the bill, stating that it represented a "tax...on just living, and that's unconstitutional." The lawsuit asserts that if the bill is implemented, it would force states to spend money on healthcare and it would act as a mandate. This mandate would directly contradict the 10th amendment, according to the states, which is designed to limit the powers of the federal government. In addition to Virginia and Florida, other states that intend to participate in the lawsuit include Texas, South Carolina, Alabama, North Dakota, Nebraska, Pennsylvania, South Dakota, Utah, and Wyoming. All of the states are in agreement that the healthcare reform bill will result in a substantial financial burden on state governments. Legal experts have said that it is likely that the lawsuit will be heard by the Supreme Court. This assumption is supported by previous legal battles against the federal government, which frequently require a final decision by the Supreme Court. Furthermore, this lawsuit serves as a clear indication that many states throughout the country are fundamentally opposed to the current legislation. The upcoming legal challenge is a serious concern for the Obama administration, as it could potentially lead to substantial changes or even the reversal of the healthcare reform law. The healthcare reform bill, which aims to provide health insurance to millions of Americans who are currently uninsured, has been the subject of a great deal of controversy and debate ever since it was first proposed. Despite numerous attempts to strike it down, the bill was ultimately passed in March of this year.  The upcoming lawsuit by the 11 states could potentially have a major impact on the future of healthcare reform in the country. It remains to be seen how the Supreme Court will ultimately rule on the matter, but for now, it is clear that the states are gearing up for a major legal battle.