article: By . Tim Shipman  and Gerri Peev . PUBLISHED: . 20:10 EST, 4 October 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 04:39 EST, 5 October 2013 . The controversial high-speed rail project was plunged into further turmoil last night as the minister responsible for the scheme resigned to run for the post of deputy speaker. Rail Minister Simon Burns quit ahead of David Cameron’s ministerial reshuffle next week in order to fight for the post vacated by Tory MP Nigel Evans – who was in court yesterday to answer rape charges. His is the second major departure from the troubled scheme in as many months. New role? Rail minister Simon Burns, left, is to run for the post of deputy speaker, vacated by MP Nigel Evans, right, who faces rape charges . Last month the man responsible for promoting the scheme, HS2 chairman Douglas Oakervee, was replaced by Sir David Higgins – the former boss of Network Rail who masterminded the construction of the Olympic Park. He will start in January on a £600,000 salary. Mr Burns’ decision to walk out comes amid growing political opposition to the troubled project. The future of the scheme is looking increasingly doubtful following predictions that the cost of the project, officially £50billion, could spiral to more than £80billion. Quitting: Mr Burns did not mention HS2 in his resignation letter to David Cameron yesterday . Mr Burns did not mention HS2 in his resignation letter to David Cameron yesterday, but the Prime Minister replied: ‘It is no easy ask overseeing the roll-out of one of the Government’s flagship infrastructure projects, HS2 – one of our country’s most significant infrastructure projects for decades. ‘Your stewardship of our proposals has helped set the foundations of a project that will last for decades to come, a lasting legacy to your role as minister.’ MPs were last night relishing the prospect of voting for Mr Burns to spite Speaker John Bercow, with whom he has found himself clashing repeatedly. Mr Burns was forced to apologise three years ago after branding the diminutive MP a ‘stupid, sanctimonious dwarf’. In July this year Mr Bercow decided to hit back at Mr Burns while he was at the despatch box discussing HS2, saying: ‘The Minister of State is a slow learner. 'I gently advise him to raise his game and operate at the level of events.’ David Cameron has signalled that Mr Burns is his preferred candidate to take the deputy speakership, telling him in his letter: ‘Since you first entered the House of Commons you have been a parliamentary man through and through. I know you will continue to have a major influence in whatever you go on to do.’ Michael Fabricant, the Tory vice chairman, said: ‘Simon Burns resigns to stand for Deputy Speaker. He once called Bercow a sanctimonious dwarf. Simon’s got my vote!’ Contentious: The HS2 scheme has proved controversial since plans for it were outlined .
highlights: Simon Burns quit ahead of David Cameron's reshuffle next week . He is to fight for the post vacated by Nigel Evans who faces rape charges .
id: 212ee678240be22d57bd17402c4f56f67bdb1020
chatgpt: Simon Burns, a Conservative MP, has abruptly resigned from his ministerial post ahead of David Cameron's expected reshuffle next week. Mr. Burns had served as a Minister of State in the Department of Health since 2012. In his resignation letter, Mr. Burns stated that he would be standing down from his post to contest the job of Deputy Speaker in the House of Commons. This role has recently become vacant following the resignation of Nigel Evans, who is currently facing charges of rape and sexual assault. Simon Burns, who served in John Major's government, is regarded as a seasoned politician, and his departure is seen as a blow to the government. He has been critical in steering through NHS (National Health Service) reform, which was a key part of the Conservative's 2010 manifesto. Mr. Burns is expected to face fierce competition for the Deputy Speaker's position. The Speaker of the House of Commons, John Bercow, has already stated that he would back Eleanor Laing for the post. Mrs. Laing, who is the Conservative MP for Epping Forest, has previously served as an assistant whip and a shadow minister. Mr. Burns' decision to resign a week before the Cabinet reshuffle has come as a surprise to many, but it is not entirely unexpected. It has been rumored for some time that he had his eye on the Deputy Speaker's position, and there have been reports that he was planning to run for it. The Deputy Speaker is an important role in the House of Commons, responsible for overseeing debates and ensuring that parliamentary procedures are observed. The post has become even more high-profile in recent months, following the resignation of Nigel Evans. Mr. Evans, the former Deputy Speaker, is currently facing charges of rape and sexual assault. His trial is scheduled to begin in March next year. Mr. Burns' resignation is just the latest in a series of high-profile departures from the government. Earlier this week, it was announced that Lord Green, the former chairman of HSBC, would step down as Trade and Investment Minister, following a scandal over the bank's alleged involvement in money laundering. David Cameron's forthcoming reshuffle is expected to be one of the most significant of his premiership so far. It has been reported that the Prime Minister is planning to promote more women to Cabinet positions, in an attempt to improve gender balance in government. The reshuffle will also be seen as an opportunity for Mr. Cameron to reshape his Cabinet ahead of the 2015 general election. In the run-up to next week's reshuffle, speculation is rife about who will stay in their current positions, who will be promoted, and who will be demoted. The Prime Minister has stated that he wants to reward talent and promote those with the potential to make a real difference. With so much at stake, the reshuffle is likely to be closely watched by politicians and pundits alike.