article: Samantha Cameron's stepfather Viscount Astor has warned of an 'ugly rush' on overseas aid spending . The Government’s overseas aid target is creating an ‘ugly rush’ to spend billions of pounds, Samantha Cameron’s stepfather warned last night. Viscount Astor said a recent report by the National Audit Office, which revealed ministers had to spend an extra £1billion at the end of 2013 to hit the target, underlined the danger of fixing such goals in law. Legislation requiring future governments to continue spending 0.7 per cent of Britain’s income on foreign aid moved a step closer yesterday with a second reading in the House of Lords. But several senior peers spoke out against the move, which required a 30 per cent increase in Britain’s aid budget in 2013 to £11.5billion. Lord Astor, who is married to Mrs Cameron’s mother Annabel, said he supported foreign aid spending, but it was a mistake to enshrine the target in law. The issue should be a ‘matter of policy rather than law’, he added, and the NAO report showed a target could produce an ‘ugly rush’ to spend money at the end of the year in a ‘panic’. Former Tory Chancellor Lord Lawson said the new law was ‘against both the national interest and, ultimately, the interests of people in poor countries’. Labour peer Lord Lipsey said singling out particular items of public expenditure for ‘special treatment’ could only have ‘disastrous’ results. Protecting some programmes would lead to bigger cuts in unprotected areas, he added. ‘This is a mad way to run the public finances.’ Lord Lipsey said the NAO report showed money had been ‘rushed out’ to meet the aid target and led to people doing ‘stupid things’. Former Tory EU Commissioner Lord Tugendhat said he accepted that British aid had an important part to play in tackling global poverty, but it was ‘never a good idea’ to set a target that would be binding. ‘It will deprive government of flexibility to respond to changing circumstances,’ he added. David Cameron (pictured with wife Samantha) adopted the pledge to spend 0.7 per cent of Britain’s income on foreign aid before the last election, as part of his drive to ‘detoxify’ the Conservative Party . But former Tory Cabinet minister Lord Fowler backed the Bill, saying it was ‘what I would expect from a civilised and outward-looking country that recognises it has responsibilities to try to help the position of the poorest people in other parts of the world’. David Cameron adopted the pledge to spend 0.7 per cent of Britain’s income on foreign aid before the last election, as part of his drive to ‘detoxify’ the Conservative Party. The Lib Dem peer Lord Purvis of Tweed, who introduced the Bill, said the measure was in Britain’s ‘long-term interests’ and would ‘play a major role in securing a long-term level of support for those in the world most in need’.
highlights: Viscount Astor is married to Samantha Cameron's mother Annabel . Claims National Audit report shows risks of fixing foreign aid targets in law . Report revealed ministers spent extra £1bn at end of 2013 to hit aid targets . Lord Astor backs foreign aid spending but says it is a mistake to enshrine targets in law .
id: 8c9646b82f1a728652ee81ece19ecf11a1fac71b
chatgpt: Viscount Astor, the stepfather of Samantha Cameron, has warned that enshrining foreign aid targets in law could prove costly to the UK government. This comes after a recent National Audit report showed that ministers spent an additional £1bn at the end of 2013 to meet the target of spending 0.7% of GDP on foreign aid. Lord Astor is a former parliamentary under-secretary at the Ministry of Defence and has long been involved in foreign affairs. Speaking to The Telegraph, he voiced his support for foreign aid spending but stressed that fixing targets in law could lead to issues down the line. The National Audit report, published last month, revealed that the government had to spend the additional £1bn to meet the 0.7% target for 2013. Lord Astor warned that enshrining such targets in law could create a situation where ministers are forced to spend money on aid even if it is not the most effective use of resources. "While I support the government's commitment to foreign aid spending, I believe it is a mistake to enshrine such targets in law," said Lord Astor. "It could lead to situations where ministers feel obliged to spend money on aid even if it is not the best use of resources." The government reached the 0.7% target in 2013, but only after spending an additional £1bn in December of that year. This prompted the National Audit Office to raise concerns about the value for money of the UK's foreign aid spending. Lord Astor's warning comes amid growing calls for the UK government to re-examine its foreign aid spending in light of the Covid-19 pandemic. Some critics have called for a reduction in foreign aid to redirect resources towards domestic projects that could help the UK recover from the economic impact of the pandemic. However, Lord Astor defended the government's spending in these areas, saying that it was important to consider the long-term benefits of foreign aid spending. "Foreign aid can be a vital tool in promoting stability and tackling global challenges such as poverty, disease and climate change," he said. "But we must also ensure that this spending is effective and provides the best value for money for UK taxpayers." The debate over foreign aid spending is likely to continue in the coming months, as the UK government continues to confront the economic challenges posed by the Covid-19 pandemic. Lord Astor's warning about the risks of enshrining targets in law highlights the complexities of this issue, and the need to carefully consider the best approach to foreign aid spending in the years ahead.