article: By . Sam Webb . PUBLISHED: . 17:06 EST, 16 October 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 17:54 EST, 16 October 2013 . Firefighters are advising diners to treat themselves to a takeaway to minimise the risk of blazes caused by cooking while they are on strike. Essex County Fire and Rescue Service will walk out between 6.30pm and 11.30pm this Saturday and have launched 'Grab a Kebab' to help avoid kitchen fires. Divisional Officer Neil Fenwick said: 'Using a takeaway as a fire safety device might seem unusual but there is a serious message here. Appetite for safety: Thinking of what to eat this Saturday night? Residents of Essex are being urged to 'Grab a Kebab' to avoid kitchen fires while firefighters go on strike . 'This a quirky way of us making sure that as many people as possible hear our fire safety message ahead of the strike. 'Cooking is a huge cause of . fires - around a third of all house fires start in the kitchen, so by . ordering in a takeaway people can make a real difference and help us . reduce the risk of fire.' They are keen for people who are going out for a . drink to heed the message. More than 10 per cent of kitchen fires start after 11pm as people arrive . home from a night out. Industrial action: Essex firefighters (pictured last year) want people to be safe as they go on strike this weekend . DO Fenwick added: 'Cooking after drinking is a recipe for disaster so . our best advice is on your way home grab a kebab, murder a burger or . hurry for a curry rather than try and cook when you get in.' Essex Fire Brigades Union members, along with colleagues across the . country, will be taking industrial action as part of a national dispute . over Government pension reforms. Fire engines crewed by Essex firefighters will be attending incidents . and people should could continue to dial 999 as normal, but the Service . is urging people to do anything they can to help reduce risk in the . county throughout the five hour strike period. Firefighters across the country are striking over pensions. File picture .
highlights: Essex firefighters are trying to prevent kitchen fires when they strike . Instead of cooking, diners should 'Grab a Kebab' Light-hearted campaign has serious message .
id: 1219541154463a302827e5101ef6b207f5c565e9
chatgpt: Essex firefighters are launching a new campaign to tackle the issue of kitchen fires. Called "Grab a Kebab," the campaign aims to encourage people to leave their cooking to the professionals, and instead indulge in a takeaway kebab. Diners are being urged to "grab a kebab" and avoid the risk of setting fire to their kitchens. The light-hearted campaign is designed to appeal to people's sense of humour, but it also carries a serious message. According to statistics from the Essex Fire and Rescue Service, kitchen fires are the most common type of fire in the county. They account for around a third of all fires, resulting in dozens of injuries and several deaths each year. Many of these incidents are caused by people leaving their cooking unattended, or using flammable materials such as oil, fat or grease. To help raise awareness of the issue, firefighters from across Essex are taking part in the "Grab a Kebab" campaign. They will be visiting takeaways and restaurants throughout the county, and handing out flyers and posters to customers. Speaking about the campaign, Chief Fire Officer Adam Eckley said: "Cooking is an everyday activity, but it can also be one of the most dangerous things we do in our homes. Leaving your cooking unattended, or using flammable materials, can lead to a serious fire. By promoting the "Grab a Kebab" message, we hope to encourage people to take a break from cooking and treat themselves to a takeaway instead." The campaign has already received support from local businesses and residents. Takeaway owner Ali Ozdemir said: "We fully support the 'Grab a Kebab' campaign. It's a fun way to get people thinking about fire safety, and it's also good for business!" Residents have also praised the campaign, saying it's a fun way to raise awareness of an important issue. "I think it's a great idea," said local resident Sarah Rahman. "We all enjoy cooking at home, but sometimes it's good to take a break and treat yourself to a takeaway. If it helps prevent kitchen fires, then it's definitely worth supporting." The 'Grab a Kebab' campaign is set to run throughout the summer, with firefighters continuing to visit takeaways and restaurants in Essex. The hope is that the campaign will help to reduce the number of kitchen fires, and raise awareness of fire safety in the home.