article: (The Frisky) -- Though rumors have been spreading for months, Rachel Bilson and Hayden Christensen only recently announced that their engagement is dunzo. The two had been planning to tie the knot since December 2008, after meeting on the set of "Jumper." Bilson cites distance as one of the couple's biggest struggles, with her in California and Hayden in Canada. Though, I think it has something to do with that disgusting rat tail Hayden had to sport in "Star Wars." Or perhaps she was never able to get over her love for Seth Cohen, I mean Adam Brody. These two are in good company since we found nine more stars who decided divorce rates were not in their favor and never quite made it to the altar, even after getting engaged. The Frisky: 8 totally inappropriate celebrity engagements . 1. Tara Reid must never want to be the bride because so far she has stepped out of two engagements. Her first fiancé was "TRL" host Carson Daly, but when the countdown to their wedding neared the big day, the couple became kaput. Then almost a month away from her 2010 wedding with internet entrepreneur Michael Axtmann, Tara released a statement saying the couple was through. 2. Jennifer Love Hewitt ended a 13-month engagement to Ross McCall back in January of 2009. I think it was officially the day she shot cupid. The Frisky: 10 super top-secret celebrity weddings . 3. Even supermodels suffer canceled weddings. Rachel Hunter's fiancé, hockey player Jarret Stoll, got cold feet just seven weeks before the wedding. It couldn't have been fun for them to inform the guests. 4. Kayne West is a marriage dropout. He ended his engagement to Alexis Phifer after a year and a half. The Frisky: Why does everyone hate Julia Roberts? 5. I guess Swiss financier Arpad Busson wasn't the multimillionaire of Uma Thurman's dreams after all. She broke off their yearlong engagement because she wasn't "in a rush to do anything," she told People magazine. 6. No one was laughing when Christina Ricci called off her wedding plans after a big fight with her comedian fiancé Owen Benjamin. The Frisky: 30 things every woman should quit doing by 30 . 7. Mary-Louise Parker and Jeffrey Dean Morgan never quite made it to the wedding planning phase of their engagement, but the two reportedly remained friends after they split. That's more than her ex Billy Crudup can say. 8. No one was really surprised when Jamie Lynn Spears broke off her shotgun engagement to baby daddy Casey Aldridge. Maybe she learned something from her big sis after all. The Frisky: 10 stars who (maybe) have secret babies . 9. Jennifer Morrison and Jesse Spencer decided it would be best for them not to play "House" off set. They ended their engagement after appearing on the cover of InStyle Weddings. Eek. TM & © 2010 TMV, Inc. | All Rights Reserved .
highlights: Tara Reid has stepped out of two engagements . Kayne West ended his engagement to Alexis Phifer after a year and a half . Jamie Lynn Spears broke off her shotgun engagement to baby daddy Casey Aldridge .
id: ef72ea6361e98004fa9dfb17f4480f427aac9e73
chatgpt: Hollywood has seen its fair share of high-profile celebrity breakups recently, and now it seems that engagements are also on the line. Following in the footsteps of Kayne West and Jamie Lynn Spears, Tara Reid has ended her engagement to two different partners. The "American Pie" actress, who has had her fair share of ups and downs in the media spotlight, first got engaged to businessman Michael Axtmann in January 2010. Unfortunately, the engagement was relatively short-lived, and the couple split just five months later. Reid then went on to become engaged to Danish businessman, Zachary Kehayov, in August 2011. However, this engagement also came to an abrupt end, just two months after the pair had gotten together. While no official statements have been made regarding the reasons behind either of these breakups, sources close to Reid indicate that they were likely due to irreconcilable differences. Reid isn't the only celebrity to experience a broken engagement, though. Rapper Kayne West ended his engagement to fashion designer Alexis Phifer in 2008, after a year and a half together. While the exact cause of the breakup remains unknown, many speculate that West's focus on his music career played a role. Meanwhile, former "Zoey 101" star Jamie Lynn Spears also called off her engagement to Casey Aldridge in 2009. The couple, who had a daughter together, had been together since high school and became engaged in March 2008. However, after Spears discovered that Aldridge had cheated on her, she ended the engagement and the couple eventually split for good. While engagements often signify a couple's commitment to each other, they are still just as susceptible to falling apart as any other relationship. Splitting up can be difficult, but it's important for individuals to remember that they must put their own happiness and well-being first. For Reid, this means continuing to focus on her acting career and staying true to herself. The actress, who recently appeared in the Sharknado franchise, has remained positive and resilient in the face of past challenges, and there's no doubt that these latest setbacks will only make her stronger. As for West and Spears, both have moved on to new relationships and started new families. Ultimately, while breakups are never easy, they can serve as opportunities for growth and renewal for anyone who experiences them.