article: By . Anthony Bond . PUBLISHED: . 11:09 EST, 14 June 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 11:19 EST, 14 June 2013 . Controversial: German chancellor Angela Merkel has said unemployed youngsters in the Eurozone should be prepared to move for work . German chancellor Angela Merkel has risked incurring the wrath of struggling eurozone countries by saying unemployed youngsters should be prepared to move for work. Describing the current levels of unemployment across the eurozone as a 'huge crisis', Merkel said there would need to be more mobility among its workforce. Her comments come after recent figures showed unemployment had soared to a record high of close to 20million. The figures showed youth unemployment had surged to a devastating 24.4 per cent – meaning one . in four Europeans under the age of 25 who want work cannot find a job. Speaking to the BBC, Merkel said that when unemployment among young people in her own area of East . Germany had risen 'many young people... only had jobs because they . moved to the south'. She added: 'I think it's unfair that it is the young people especially who have to pay the bill for something they didn't do. 'But there's no way around it. We have to manufacture products or offer services in Europe that we can sell.' Her comments are likely to prove controversial in countries such as Spain and Greece which have previously criticised Merkel as they struggle against rising unemployment. During her interview, Merkel also maintained that the policy with trying to drag Europe out of the crisis was correct. She told how the issue is not austerity but how to get back to growth. She also . defended the policy of tight controls on spending. Speaking following the latest unemployment figures released last month, Anatoli Annenkov, senior European economist at French bank Societe Generale, said the worst-hit countries are at risk of a ‘lost generation’ who will never find work. It is feared that rocketing unemployment . – particularly among the young – will fuel resentment against the euro . and trigger a break-up of the single currency bloc. Worrying: Chancellor Merkel's comments come after recent figures showed unemployment had soared to a record high of close to 20million . The European Commission warned that unemployment across the region is ‘unacceptably high’ and threatens ‘grave social consequences’. French president Francois Hollande said it could lead to the breakdown of Europe. ‘Citizens are turning their backs on Europe and the construction of the European project,’ he said. German finance minister Wolfgang Schaeuble said European ‘unity’ was at risk. Italian labour minister Enrico Giovannini said: ‘We have to rescue an entire generation of young people who are scared.’
highlights: Chancellor Merkel said eurozone's workforce needed to be more mobile . She said the policy with trying to drag Europe out of crisis was correct . Youth unemployment has surged to a devastating 24.4 per cent .
id: ae994bc29110612ce43cee7cf965b9a0e2e6c7d4
chatgpt: German Chancellor Angela Merkel has called for greater workforce mobility within the eurozone, stating that it is necessary for the continent to overcome the current economic crisis. In a speech made on Thursday, Merkel reaffirmed her commitment to the policy of trying to lead Europe out of the crisis, saying that it was the correct approach to take.  Merkel's remarks follow a surge in youth unemployment in the eurozone, which has seen levels rise to a devastating 24.4 per cent. This is a cause for concern, as young people are the future of the workforce and the economy. Youth unemployment not only affects individuals and their families, but also has a negative impact on the economy as a whole. Speaking in Berlin, Merkel stressed the need for greater mobility within the eurozone, saying that workers must be able to move to where the jobs are. She said that this would require both employers and employees to be flexible and willing to make changes. Merkel also acknowledged that this would not be an easy task, but said that it was necessary in order to ensure that the economy can grow and thrive. Merkel's comments were welcomed by many, including EU officials and economists. The European Commission has also called for greater workforce mobility, stating that it is essential for the eurozone's economic recovery.  However, some have criticized Merkel's stance, arguing that it is too simplistic and ignores the root causes of the crisis. They argue that austerity measures and cuts to public spending have contributed to the current economic situation, and that more needs to be done to address these issues. Despite these criticisms, Merkel's call for greater workforce mobility is an important step in addressing the ongoing economic crisis in the eurozone. It is clear that more needs to be done to create jobs and boost economic growth, and increasing mobility within the workforce is one way to achieve this.  While it may not be a quick fix, greater mobility could help to redistribute resources and create more opportunities for those who are struggling to find work. It will require cooperation and flexibility on the part of both employers and employees, but if successful, it could lay the foundation for a more vibrant and robust European economy in the years to come.