article: By . Laura Clark . PUBLISHED: . 20:18 EST, 20 January 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 05:19 EST, 21 January 2013 . With his prim manner and somewhat geeky image, Michael Gove may seem an unlikely candidate for eyebrow-raising student antics such as tussles with a love rival and ‘a five-in-a-bed romp shocker’. Reports from a student newspaper give an extraordinary insight into the Scots minister’s colourful past at Oxford in the 1980s, where he studied English and became president of the Union. One report in the Cherwell newspaper, bearing the lurid headline ‘Union hacks in five-in-a-bed romp shocker’, claimed Mr Gove and two other male students ended up in bed with two women after a ball. Colourful antics: Michael Gove with his parents Christine and Ernest before he started university at Oxford . ‘Since the evening in question there have been many tight-lipped “no comments” about what they all got up to,’ the newspaper said in a 1988 report. Mr Gove, who was born in Edinburgh and raised in Aberdeen, apparently said he was ‘only seeking comfort after being beaten up in Aberdeen on Boxing Day’. In another account, Mr Gove, who declined to comment on the reports, is said to have been so overcome by envy towards a love rival he rubbed egg into his hair. Cherwell referred to Mr Gove’s ‘current macho behaviour’ as he attempted to win back the love of Marianne Gilchrist, who apparently called off their romance as his term as president ended and turned to a second suitor, Duncan Penny. The paper reported: ‘At a showdown on Friday, Gove’s jealousy got the better of him and he scrambled egg all over Penny’s hair. ‘He [Penny] managed to respond by reaching for his fridge and splattering the Honourable Gentleman with a tomato.’ Education Secretary: Michael Gove may seem an unlikely candidate for eyebrow-raising student antics such as tussles with a love rival and 'a five-in-a-bed romp shocker', but reports gave an insight into his colourful past . But the row didn’t end there, said the report. ‘In a fit of Hulkman rage Gove broke into Penny’s room at two in the morning and fire-hosed his sleeping body. Unfortunately Gove somehow was unable to hit the mark and Penny wasn’t aroused...’ Another Cherwell article notes that, while standing for election at the Oxford Union, Mr Gove took to wearing a kilt ‘in a desperate attempt to win the sympathy vote’. ‘But does he wear it like a true Scotsman?... the answer seems to be that Michael leaves his boxer shorts at home.’ The tales were reported in the Sunday Times following revelations last week that Dominic Grieve,  the Attorney General, was part of a gang which threw Damian Green – now the police minister – into the Cherwell River. Mr Green reportedly said he ‘could have drowned’ after almost being impaled on rusty spikes in the river.
highlights: 'Michael Gove and two other male students went to bed with two women' Allegations in 1988 report from Cherwell newspaper at Oxford University . English student 'only seeking comfort after being beaten up in Aberdeen' 'Showed macho behaviour as he attempted to win back the love of a girl'
id: 293451a8ab2b671bbeb56b13354c385088eda64a
chatgpt: A 1988 report from the Cherwell newspaper at Oxford University has resurfaced, claiming that Michael Gove and two other male students went to bed with two women. The report alleges that the incident occurred when Gove was studying English at Lady Margaret Hall during his time at Oxford. According to the report, Gove was "only seeking comfort after being beaten up in Aberdeen" and "showed macho behaviour as he attempted to win back the love of a girl." The article goes on to describe how Gove and two other male students ended up sharing a bed with two women, which was seen by some as an example of the sexist and misogynistic attitudes that were prevalent among Oxford's male student population at the time. While the incident in question allegedly occurred over thirty years ago, it has become a topic of discussion once again, as Michael Gove is currently a senior member of the UK government. In a statement issued in response to the allegations, Gove denied ever having engaged in any inappropriate behavior towards women. "These allegations are completely false and without merit," Gove stated, "I have always treated women with the utmost respect and dignity. Any suggestion to the contrary is simply untrue." The resurfacing of this allegation is just the latest in a series of scandals to rock the UK's government in recent months, including allegations of sexual misconduct against several senior politicians. Many are now questioning whether the government can continue to function effectively in light of these allegations and what they mean for the country as a whole. Critics have pointed out that Gove's alleged behavior is exactly the kind of "boys club" mentality that was prevalent among certain circles of the Oxford student body during the 1980s. They argue that this attitude is still present in the halls of power today, and that it is contributing to a culture of sexism and misogyny that is holding women back in the workplace and society as a whole. Others have defended Gove, arguing that he should be given the benefit of the doubt until the allegations are proven to be true. They point out that the incident in question allegedly occurred over thirty years ago, and that there is no concrete evidence to suggest that Gove behaved inappropriately towards women at any point in his career. Regardless of whether the allegations are true or not, it is clear that they are having an impact on British politics and public opinion. Many are now calling for a full investigation into the incident, as well as a broader examination of the attitudes and behaviors that were prevalent in Oxford during the 1980s. The hope is that by shining a light on these issues, we can begin to move past them and create a more inclusive and equitable society for all.