article: New York (CNN) -- A smartphone or tablet feature high on your holiday list this year? How about a robot instead? Cynthia Breazeal, head of the Personal Robots Group at the MIT Media Lab, is launching a crowd funding campaign that will let you buy exactly that. What is being billed as the first family robot -- Jibo -- is on the way. At $499 for consumers and $599 for developers, the price is in line with a high-end smartphone. But Jibo is intended to be so much more. Breazeal, who has pioneered work in making robots more social and interactive, believes Jibo can be an organizer, an education tool, even assist elderly family members. "Jibo is this helpful presence that helps support your family, your human network, to be more efficient and feel more connected," says Breazeal. We got a chance to meet Jibo and see a demo of what he can do. It is a big leap from the likes of Siri, which most of us are used to. As a mom, I loved the fact it can snap pictures -- finally I will be in some! The reminder functions would be great for my busy family and I also think kids will engage. I spent time with Breazeal in her lab this week and I was amazed to see the way small children respond to robot interaction, as opposed to a learning app which they can tire of quickly. There is, however, much Jibo can't do yet, so keep your expectations in check. Jibo does not think independently. He is not going to be your personal butler, or dinner date. If you order Jibo now you are getting a prototype, which by definition means not everything will work the way you hope. This rollout is intended for those who want to help refine Jibo. The software running the robot is an open developer platform and Breazeal and her team fully expect that community to come up with novel ideas that will help Jibo mature. I, for one, hope someone can make Jibo mobile. Right now, he spins but can't follow you around the house. But if you're are ready to embrace the robot revolution and invite one into your family, Jibo says he wants to meet you too.
highlights: Jibo, a personal robot, has been launched by robotics pioneer Cynthia Breazeal . The robot is designed to be an organizer, educator and assist family members . CNN's Maggie Lake met him and says she was impressed with his skills . But the Jibo up for grabs is just a prototype -- so don't expect too much .
id: 44488977cc76c99dd92b1c657cda90f4270b5f21
chatgpt: Robotics pioneer Cynthia Breazeal has launched Jibo, a personal robot that promises to be an efficient organizer, educator and family assistant. CNN's Maggie Lake recently met Jibo and was impressed with the prototype that is currently up for grabs. If you're expecting a fully functional robot assistant, then the prototype of Jibo available now is probably not what you're looking for. However, the personal robot offers a glimpse into the future and what could very well become the norm in households across the globe. Jibo is a smooth, spherical machine that is about a foot tall and weighs just six pounds. It uses facial recognition technology to interact with its human counterparts, making it seem more like a loyal companion than a mere piece of technology. Although Jibo currently lacks an arm to perform physical tasks, it can display pictures, play music, and even tell stories. It is designed to recognize voices and follow basic commands given by the user. The robot can be programmed to remind its owners about appointments kept in a connected calendar or even send messages on behalf of its owner. Breazeal, who was previously a professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, has been working on Jibo for more than two years. She wanted to create a robot that could integrate seamlessly into the everyday life of families. Parents can also use the robot to assist children with studying or homework. Thanks to Jibo's teaching capabilities, it can easily explain concepts and help children with schoolwork. Jibo has the potential to revolutionize the way people interact with technology. Jibo's features are also customizable depending on the needs of its users. This opens up endless possibilities for what Jibo can be used for -- from encouraging exercise by reminding its owners to go for a jog or reminding them of upcoming birthdays. While the current prototype of Jibo is not yet fully functional, it is a huge milestone for the field of personal robotics. The development of Jibo represents the future of interaction between humans and robots. Jibo is intended to be not just another gadget, but rather a supportive and helpful member of the household. With its capabilities and customizability, Jibo has the potential to become a valuable addition to any family's home. In conclusion, personal robots such as Jibo are the future of technology. While the prototype of Jibo available now is a mere glimpse into what may come, it is exciting to see the potential of this technology. The possibilities of what personal robots will be able to do in the future are vast and are sure to revolutionize the way we live our everyday lives.