article: Our ‘Hands Off In The Box’ campaign has won a major victory, with Premier League chief executive Richard Scudamore confirming the issue of penalty-area grappling and shirt pulling will be addressed next month, at a meeting of players, referees and managers. With the issue of manhandling players in the box reaching a nadir in Manchester United’s clash with Chelsea, when Marcos Rojo and Chris Smalling held John Terry and Branislav Ivanovic with impunity, Sportsmail led the way for referees to punish players more consistently. Acknowledging our campaign was one of the ways in which football authorities were held to account, Scudamore said: ‘Clearly there have been a number of incidents highlighted in the past few weeks regarding this and, under close scrutiny by television and everything else, some of them don’t look great. 'We have had a meeting with the team captains and what the players are saying is that they don’t necessarily think there needs to be any crackdown or clampdown but what they really want is some clarification. Premier League chief executive Richard Scudamore has been praised for bringing in lucrative TV deals . Branislav Ivanovic is wrestled to the floor in the penalty box during Manchester United's 1-1 with Chelsea . Marcos Rojo (second right) has John Terry in a headlock as the ball is delivered into the box . Manchester City's Eliaquim Mangala has his arm around Paul Dummett's neck in the penalty area . 'There will be a meeting of the Premier League, the FA, the Football League, the referees’ body, the PGMO, the League Managers’ Association and players. The Mail’s campaign is one of the ways things are held to account. 'A couple of seasons ago there was a spate of what people called two-footed tackles and people didn’t quite know what the law was. ‘What happened then was that everyone got together and came up with a clarification which went round to all the players and teams. It wasn’t a change of law and it wasn’t a change of emphasis. ‘Because there had been some inconsistency, people were saying we don’t know what the rules are any more. That is about to happen on this topic.’
highlights: Sportsmail started it 'Hands off in the box campaign' last month . Premier League boss Scudamore says grappling in the box will addressed . Scudamore acknowledged Sportsmail's campaign as one of the ways in which football authorities were held to account .
id: 5f532e8f6c1185bd2dda77493b8942c75310a2fb
chatgpt: Last month, Sportsmail launched its "Hands off in the box" campaign to tackle the issue of grappling during set pieces in football matches. The campaign emphasized the need for football authorities to crackdown on this illegal activity in order to ensure a fair and safe playing field. In a recent update on this matter, Premier League boss Richard Scudamore has acknowledged the campaign and stated that the issue of grappling in the box will be addressed. He mentioned that such campaigns play a significant role in holding football authorities accountable for ensuring a level playing field. It is no secret that grappling has been a persistent problem in football, with players often using this tactic to gain an unfair advantage during set pieces. This not only impedes the game's flow but also puts players' safety at risk. The aggression and physicality of such moves have often led to injuries and even career-ending consequences. Sportsmail's campaign was launched to raise awareness of this issue and to urge authorities to take stricter action against it. The campaign has been actively supported by former footballers and pundits who have cited numerous examples of injuries that have been caused due to grappling. Premier League boss Scudamore has now taken notice of the issue and has assured the public that the matter will be resolved. The chief executive understands the importance of such campaigns and appreciates the efforts taken by Sportsmail to bring this issue into the spotlight. The Premier League is the most-watched football league in the world, with millions of fans tuning in to watch the matches both in-person and on television. As a result, it is essential that the league upholds the highest level of standards and ensures that the game is fair and safe for all players involved. In conclusion, Sportsmail's "Hands off in the box" campaign has furthered the cause of creating a just playing field in football. Richard Scudamore's acknowledgement of this campaign is a step in the right direction towards eliminating grappling and ensuring that football continues to remain a sport that is free from foul play.