article: By . Associated Press . An Army veteran who hurt his back during the Iraq War is worried a citation will result in him losing his 14 pet ducks, which he says are therapeutic. Darin Welker said officials in the village of West Lafayette, Ohio told him to get rid of the ducks in May and cited him for a minor misdemeanor on June 23 for failing to comply. Welker is scheduled to appear in Coshocton Municipal Court for a hearing Wednesday and could face a $150 fine. Iraq war veteran Darin Welker, 36, holds one of his cherished ducks at his home and tells reporters he hopes the judge will let him keep his 14 pets . Welker, 36, says the ducks help him with depression and post-traumatic stress disorder and keep him more active. West Lafayette, about 80 miles east of Columbus, banned residents from keeping fowl and other farm animals in 2010. Mayor Jack Patterson declined to comment on Welker's predicament and referred questions to village police Chief Terry Mardis, who couldn't be reached for comment. Welker told the Coshocton Tribune that he's had the ducks since March. He said they motivate him to get out of the house so he can feed and clean up after them. 'They're quite a relaxing animal, and they help comfort me in different situations,' Welker recently told the Tribune as he held one duck like a baby and stroked its neck. Welker, 36, says the ducks help him with depression and post-traumatic stress disorder and keep him more active . '(Watching them) keeps you entertained for hours at a time.' Welker . served a year in Iraq with the Army National Guard in 2005 and said he . came home with a major back injury that required surgery in 2012. The Department of Veterans Affairs paid for the back surgery but declined to pay for physical therapy recommended by his surgeon and did not provide him with counseling, he said. That's partly why he has come to rely on the ducks, he said.Welker said he's planning to tell the judge how much the ducks have helped him. He said he has a letter from the VA's mental health department recommending he be allowed to keep them.The 14 ducks live in a penned-in area in Welker's backyard, which also has kiddie pools so they can swim.
highlights: Army veteran Darin Welker, 36, is scheduled to appear in Coshocton Municipal Court for a hearing on Wednesday and could face a $150 fine for owning ducks . Welker, 36, says the ducks help him with depression and post-traumatic stress disorder and keep him more active . The 14 ducks live in a penned-in area in Welker's backyard, which also has kiddie pools so they can swim . Welker said he's planning to tell the judge how much the ducks have helped him .
id: 0ce03c35286e07043f14e338a29b68037dcfdb0f
chatgpt: An Ohio Army veteran could face a fine for owning ducks. Darin Welker, 36, of West Lafayette, says the ducks, which he keeps penned-in in his backyard and occasionally lets swim in kiddie pools, help him deal with his depression and post-traumatic stress disorder. He plans to explain all this to a Coshocton Municipal Court judge Wednesday. Welker served a year in Iraq with the Army National Guard in 2005 and said watching the birds reminds him of his time overseas. Though he was honorably discharged from the Army in 2012 after injuring his back, PTSD and depression made it difficult to cope. That's when the ducks arrived. "Taking care of them is both mental and physical therapy," Welker said in a telephone interview Tuesday. "I can't imagine not being able to have them here anymore. I'd be lost without them." Welker had 20 ducks but admits he gave a few away when he learned a neighbor had complained. He said he followed local regulations asking him to obtain zoning permission and a state permit that includes safety and sanitary measures. He also said he's constantly covered the cost of building and maintaining secure pens. But the village has an ordinance prohibiting residents from owning "any domestic or fowl ."
 
"I know it sounds crazy to some people, but I'm not the only person out there that has animals for a therapy pet," Welker said. "There's no reason why I should lose them." Mayor Stephen Bordenkircher said he has received complaints about ducks from neighbors but not about Welker's. He said Welker's court hearing is on a minor misdemeanor charge of not complying with the ordinance, which carries a maximum $150 fine. The potential fine is "nothing significant," Bordenkircher said.  Welker said he's not backing down, given how much the ducks have done for him. He said he's even written to politicians, including his local U.S. representatives, asking for help. "I'm not trying to cause controversy or break any laws," Welker said. "I'm just trying to save my ducks."