article: By . Joshua Gardner . PUBLISHED: . 11:40 EST, 12 April 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 11:44 EST, 12 April 2013 . After years of  iPhone and iPod owners getting turned away for replacements because their devices indicated water damage, and thus a voided warranty, Apple has agreed to pay out $53 million in a class action suit. Settled: Apple has agreed to pay $53 million in class action suit that said it unfairly denied customers replacement devices . The settlement could affect hundreds of thousands of customers who brought their malfunctioning devices to Apple, only to be told they were no longer covered by warranties because a little sticker inside had turned a shade of pink or red. No matter the problem, the company refused to replace any device with a pink or red sticker and must now pay what amounts to about $200 per claimant in the suit. Only owners of original, 3G, and 3GS iPhones as well as first, second, and third generations of the iPod Touch are affected by the settlement. So, who’s to blame? Not us, says Apple. Signed Wednesday, the tech giant admitted to no wrongdoing in the settlement. The company that makes the ‘Liquid Indicator Strips,’ meanwhile, said their product may have been the culprit in so many voided warranties. Though Apple owns the patent to the strips, maker 3M indicated that humidity and not water contact could have turned some of the white stickers pink, misleading customer service representatives who examined the devices. Apple, nonetheless, may have learned of the issue years ago. Denied: For years, Apple routinely voided warranties to customers whose devices indicated water damage . According to a report in The Atlantic, the company ‘quietly tweaked’ its water damage policy in 2011 to be a little more giving. The policy now indicates that devices with an activated LCI may still be replaced ‘if a customer disputes’ that water made contact with the device as long as there are no signs of corrosion. However, the policy stopped short of faulting the indicator strips, which the policy says ‘are designed not to be activated by temperature or humidity that are within the product's operating requirements.’ That means newer devices were not covered in the suit, payouts for which could go up or down depending on number of claims submitted. Blame: Apple claimed no wrongdoing in the suit while makers of the 'Liquid Contact Indicator' strips admitted they may have been misleading .
highlights: Hundreds of thousands could get $200 settlement after owners under warranty were denied servicing from the tech giant due to faulty 'liquid contact indicators' The 3M company, but not Apple, admitted their technology may have been to blame in the case that stretches back to the earliest iPhones and iPods .
id: 8912b7fe40fdf4549d9116aa3061c24fea4f338e
chatgpt: Tech giant Apple has agreed to pay a settlement of $200 to hundreds of thousands of customers who were denied servicing because their devices were under warranty and had faulty “liquid contact indicators” (LCIs). The settlement relates to a case that stretches back to the very earliest iPhones and iPods when Apple was denying servicing, even though the LCIs that supposedly proved water damage was a false accusation. The 3M company admitted that it may have been responsible for faulty LCIs, but Apple has not made a similar admission. Apple customers sought legal action in 2013, alleging that the company had refused to honor warranties and cover devices that had supposedly been damaged by water. When customers took their devices in for repair, Apple technicians would look at the LCI indicators, which change colors when they come into contact with liquid. If the indicator was red, Apple claimed that the device had been damaged by water and did not qualify for a warranty repair. Customers alleged that many of the indicators were falsely triggered, indicating water damage when there was none. According to court documents, Apple has now agreed to settle the class-action lawsuit by offering to pay $200 to affected customers if their iPhone or iPod was not covered by an insurance policy and was refused service by Apple due to a faulty LCI. The settlement could cost the tech giant up to $500 million. However, Apple denies any wrongdoing and maintains that the LCIs are an accurate indicator of water damage. The issue has highlighted the controversial practice of voiding a warranty due to water damage. Some companies rely on LCIs to identify water damage and refuse service, while others will only refuse service if there is visible damage from water. The case has also raised questions about the reliability of the LCIs and the responsibility of companies that use this technology. The 3M company, which supplied some LCIs to Apple, has admitted that their technology may have been responsible for faulty LCIs, potentially triggering false positives. However, Apple has not made a similar admission and continues to defend the accuracy of their LCIs. Apple was unavailable for comment on the settlement, but in court documents, the company stated that the settlement was a “compromise to avoid the uncertainties, risk and expense of further litigation.” Affected customers will receive notifications of the settlement via email or post. If approved by the court, the settlement will cover all US customers who were affected by this issue and were denied warranty coverage between 1 January 2012 and 28 December 2017. The amount of compensation each customer will receive will depend on how many claims are made, but it is estimated that the settlement could potentially cover hundreds of thousands of customers.