article: By . Erin Clements . Since making her 1959 debut, Barbie has done stints as an astronaut, a surgeon, a news anchor and even a U.S. president. And ever the Renaissance woman, the leggy blond doll has found a new calling: entrepreneur. Entrepreneur Barbie, which Mattel unveiled at the American International Toy Fair in February, is available on Amazon starting today, and will hit other retailers in August. Mattel has teamed with eight female entrepreneurs to launch the tech-savvy doll, who comes equipped with a tablet, a smartphone and a laptop . case. Well connected: Entrepreneur Barbie,  part of Mattel's 'I can be' line of career-oriented dolls, comes with her own smartphone and tablet . Barbie's 'Chief Inspirational Officers' include Girls Who Code founder Reshma Saujani, One Kings Lane founders Susan Feldman and Alison Pincus, and Rent the Runway founders Jennifer Hyman and Jenny Fleiss. 'Unfortunately we live in a culture where girls are bombarded with images of male coders and engineers that just don’t look like them,' Saujani told Wired. More... Fancy a Slash of milk with that? Artist creates portraits of celebrities - using cornflakes . This gives a new meaning to face painting! Make-up artist who transforms herself into celebrities, including footballers from the World Cup Squad . 'When you ask a girl what a computer scientist is, she usually pictures a geeky guy typing away. And then we wonder why girls don’t pursue careers in tech! We have to change popular culture and start showing more women, more cool, dynamic, creative women, in these roles.' Tools of the trade: Entrepreneur Barbie's accessories include a tablet, smartphone and laptop case . The campaign's participants offered career tips to young fans in a Twitter discussion Wednesday afternoon, using the hashtag #BarbieChat. Barbie will also get her own LinkedIn page and a billboard in New York's Times Square featuring the hashtag #unapologetic. Entrepreneur Barbie is part of Mattel's  'I can be' line of career-oriented Barbies, which launched in 2010 in an effort to showcase . modern-day careers for women. 'She's ready to take on anything that comes her way,' Mattel spokeswoman Michelle Chidoni said earlier this year. Think pink: Each version of Entrepreneur Barbie sports a fuchsia frock . 'We always try to make career Barbie . a reflection of the times,' she added. 'Women entrepreneurs are more prevalent now and they’re . growing in number. [It's] a great way to encourage girls to also learn . about this role.' It's the first time in her 55-year . history that Barbie has taken on the role of business owner, where women are 'living their dreams their own ways.' Chidoni said Mattel is also partnering with the Girl Scouts to create video stories of successful female entrepreneurs. Barbie Entrepreneur comes in four ethnicities and will retail for $12.99, according to CNN.
highlights: The new Barbie is available on Amazon starting today, and will hit other retailers in August . Eight female entrepreneurs teamed with Mattel to serve as Barbie's 'Chief Inspirational Officers'
id: 0012469ec896efd985de21eadb4504a8a22097fd
chatgpt: The iconic Barbie doll just got a makeover and this time she has partnered with eight female entrepreneurs who served as her "Chief Inspirational Officers." The new Barbie is now available on Amazon and will be hitting other retailers in August. Mattel, the manufacturing company of Barbie, collaborated with female entrepreneurs in creating the new version of the doll. The eight women who served as Barbie's inspiration officers are a group of diverse and talented businesswomen who represent the different careers and passions of young girls. The new Barbie comes in various sizes, skin tones, hair textures, and body shapes to reflect real girl's likeness. Mattel carried out this change to their infamous toy doll in a bid to promote diversity and inclusivity for all young girls. "We are excited to partner with these accomplished women to show girls and their parents that they can be anything they want," shared Richard Dickson, Mattel's President and COO. The eight inspirational women whom Mattel partnered with includes the founder of Girls Who Code, Reshma Saujani, who helped direct the doll's interest in computer engineering; the founder of Rent the Runway, Jennifer Hyman, who played a significant role in the fashion aspect of Barbie; and the founder of 23andMe, Anne Wojcicki, who provided insight on the science element while singer/songwriter, Sara Bareilles, was attached to Barbie's creative vibe. Additionally, Chef Maneet Chauhan, who was part of the movie "The Hundred-Foot Journey," also teamed up with Mattel to share her expertise in cooking; Founder and CEO of Girls Scouts of America, Sylvia Acevedo, inspires girls to live out their philanthropy passions, and lastly, Olympic gold medalist Ibtihaj Muhammad, who broke boundary working with Mattel to create the first-ever hijab-wearing Barbie doll. Speaking on the collaboration, entrepreneur and founder of Girls Who Code, Reshma Saujani, tweeted, "It was so important to me that today's Barbie dolls show girls that there are no limits to what kind of career they can have or what they should look like." As the new Barbie hits different market outlets, fans and collectors can expect to get their hands on dolls that tell the stories and accomplishments of each of Mattel's partnership with the eight trailblazing women. The refreshed doll expands beyond the stereotypical "blonde-haired, blue-eyed" image of Barbie, encouraging young girls to embrace their individuality and be confident about who they are. It promotes an inspirational message that girls can explore any career, shape, or size and still believe in themselves. With the diverse representation showcased by Mattel, the new version of Barbie will undoubtedly be a great inspiration to every girl who dreams of achieving more in life. Mattel has once again set a standard, proving that change can be achieved when individuals and organizations commit to promoting diversity, inclusivity, and positivity.