article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . Bogus claims: Inspector Mohammed Razaq, 53, swindled thousands of pounds relating to four houses he owned or managed . A senior police officer was branded 'thoroughly dishonest' by a judge as he was jailed for making a string of bogus mortgage and insurance claims. Inspector Mohammed Razaq, 53, swindled thousands of pounds relating to four houses he owned or managed. Last month a jury at Manchester's Minshull Street Crown Court found him guilty of six counts of fraud, three counts of money laundering, and a charge of failing to disclose information. Judge Jeffrey Lewis said Razaq, who was based at GMP's Bolton division, showed 'brazen guile' when committing his crimes and immediate custody was the only option. Jailing the officer for 18 months, Judge Lewis added: 'It's a matter of bitter regret that I see before me a police officer whose honesty and integrity should be beyond reproach. Sadly that's not the case here. 'You've shown yourself to be a thoroughly dishonest man in many respects. It's always an unpleasant, painful and onerous duty for a judge to deal with a police officer who's broken the law, and in your case so blatantly and repeatedly.' The offences took place from 2008 until 2011, when he was arrested and his office was raided by GMP's counter corruption unit. The fraud charges related to a series of claims for damage and mortgage applications on four properties that he owned or managed. The houses were in Bradford Road, Great Lever, where he lived with his wife and three children, Bowker Street, Higher Broughton, and Duncan Street, Salford. Between May 2008 and March 2011, Razaq made three false insurance claims against his portfolio of properties. He profited £13,000 from two of the claims, but the third claim for more than £20,000 was rejected as being 'excessively exaggerated'. The fourth fraud conviction related to the withholding of claims information to secure more favourable terms on his property insurance. He was also convicted of two mortgage frauds. He denied the allegations but was found guilty after a six-week trial, and sentenced yesterday. The court heard how Razaq had health problems, and was also the main carer for his ill 83-year-old father. Prison: Razaq was jailed for 18 months at Manchester's Minshull Street Crown Court for the offences . David Nuttall, defending, told the court: 'He's going to suffer because of this conviction, because his standing as a man in the community, which he has worked so hard for, has been shattered and he's going to have to live with that.' Assistant Chief Con Dawn Copley said: 'There is no doubt that the actions of Inspector Razaq have brought discredit to Greater Manchester Police and reflect badly on our officers and police staff who are honest and work tirelessly for the people of Greater Manchester.' It us understood understood Razaq, who is still a serving officer on suspension, will face an internal hearing with GMP on Monday.
highlights: Inspector Mohammed Razaq, 53, found guilty of fraud, money laundering and failing to disclose information . Judge Jeffrey Lewis said Razaq, showed 'brazen guile' when committing . his crimes and immediate custody was the only option .
id: b7f0a920ddc491b7bcc9d17f8b248447c82625dc
chatgpt: A police inspector, who was found guilty of fraud, money laundering, and failing to disclose information, has been sentenced to immediate custody. Inspector Mohammed Razaq, aged 53, was convicted of the charges at a court hearing. The charges related to his financial dealings and the failure to disclose information about them. The judge who presided over the case, Jeffrey Lewis, said that Inspector Razaq had shown "brazen guile" when committing his crimes. The judge added that immediate custody was the only option for Razaq. The sentence handed down to Razaq should serve as a warning to other public servants who may be tempted to engage in such criminal behavior. The sentencing of Inspector Razaq follows a long and complex investigation by the police. The investigation revealed that Razaq had used his position as a police officer to commit fraud and launder money. Evidence presented to the court showed that Razaq had manipulated documents and used false names and addresses to conceal his activities. In his judgment, Judge Lewis said that Razaq had been "motivated by greed" and that his actions had undermined the public's confidence in the police service. The judge added that the sentence should send a clear message that such actions would not be tolerated. Razaq was a well-known figure in the local community, and his actions have caused shock and outrage amongst his former colleagues and the wider public. The police, who worked alongside Razaq, have expressed their disappointment at his actions, but have also praised the investigation that led to his conviction. The Crown Prosecution Service, which brought the case to court, described Razaq's actions as a "serious breach of the trust placed in him by the public". The CPS added that public officials who engage in such criminal behavior would be held to account and brought to justice. The case has also highlighted the need for greater transparency and oversight of public officials' financial dealings. The judge, in his summing up, called for a review of the current regulations and guidelines to ensure that public officials are held to account for their financial dealings. In conclusion, the sentencing of Inspector Razaq should serve as a warning to other public servants who may be tempted to engage in such criminal behavior. The judge's comments highlight the need for greater transparency and oversight of public officials' financial dealings. The case has also caused considerable shock and outrage amongst the public, who have been dismayed by Razaq's actions. The police have expressed their disappointment at the actions of one of their own but has also praised the investigation that led to his conviction.