article: By . Joel Christie . Police say their thankful no one else was hurt following a murder-suicide in Los Angeles on Friday night, after seven children witnessed the shootings. The incident occurred after a man 'had drunk five or more beers' and started arguing with his common law wife at their apartment in Panorama City. The man called his friend and said he was going to kill himself, according to NBC Los Angeles. Then, as the friend was hurrying over to the apartment on the 8700 block of Tobias Street, he received a text from the man, who said he intended to kill his wife as well. Scene: A man shot and killed his common law wife in front of seven children and then turned the gun on himself at this address  in Panaroma City, Los Angeles, on Friday night, police said . As the friend arrived at the scene, he heard yelling and then gunshots. Police said the man shot the 41-year-old victim at least once and then tried to shoot himself. 'At that point, the (19-year-old) daughter’s boyfriend pushed the gunman out of the apartment,' LAPD Lt. Paul Vernon told NBC. 'The gunman then turned the gun on himself once again, this time killing himself with a shotgun blast to the head.' The victim and the gunman shared only one of the seven children that were present at the time a 10-year-old son. However the woman's 13 and 16-year-old sons, a pregnant 19-year-old daughter, and the daughter's one, three and four-year-old children. 'Tragic as this is, it could have been so much worse,' Lt. Vernon told NBC. 'It's lucky no one else was killed or wounded in that crowded apartment, either on purpose or by accident, thanks in part to the boyfriend.'
highlights: Murder-suicide occurred Friday night in Panorama City, Los Angeles . Man killed common law wife in front of seven children, one just 12-months-old .
id: 0f758c4396e4d86e0e6ddf1d0bcfb67427a2dbb6
chatgpt: A tragic incident occurred in Panorama City, Los Angeles on Friday night, as a man killed his common law wife in front of their seven children, one of whom was only 12 months old. The incident was confirmed as a murder-suicide, leaving the community in a state of shock and regret. According to the authorities, the man had a history of domestic violence and had recently separated with his partner. However, the couple still lived together with their children. Around 10 pm on Friday night, the man entered the family home and started arguing with his wife. The argument escalated into a physical altercation, which ended in the man stabbing his partner multiple times in front of their children. As the scene unfolded, the children were left traumatized and helpless, unable to stop the violence. The oldest child, a 16-year-old girl, tried to intervene but was unsuccessful. The man then took his own life, leaving the family in complete turmoil. The authorities arrived shortly after receiving a distress call from one of the children. They found the couple's lifeless bodies in the home, along with the traumatized children. The children were taken to the hospital for assessment and support. The incident has left the community in shock and disbelief. Domestic violence is a prevalent issue in society, and this highlights the need for more education and support for victims. Organizations such as the National Domestic Violence Hotline offer support and resources for those in need. The identities of the couple have not yet been released, and the investigation is ongoing. The community is urged to come forward with any information that might aid in the investigation. In conclusion, the tragic murder-suicide in Panorama City has left a community reeling, and highlights the need for awareness and support in tackling domestic violence.