article: Manchester United go to the Etihad hunting for three points as they take on Manuel Pellegrini's dishevelled Premier League champions. Here, Sportsmail's Jamie Redknapp gives his take on where the game could be won and lost. ANGEL DI MARIA v PABLO ZABALETA . I’ll be covering the game for Sky and this is the battle I am most looking forward to watching. It’s an all-Argentine affair and whoever comes out on top will probably end up on the winning side. Di Maria has had two quiet games – Branislav Ivanovic and Andre Wisdom were very physical and frustrated him. Zabaleta will offer that but will want to take him the other way - he’s one of the best raiding right backs we’ve seen in the Premier League. This will be a brilliant contest and absolutely key in deciding the game. Pablo Zabaleta (left) and Angel di Maria (right - Marcos Rojo centre) will do battle on Sunday afternoon . Argentina Di Maria has lit up the Premier League since moving to Manchester United from Real Madrid . Fellow countryman Zabaleta (left) is one of the division's toughest customers at full back . ROBIN VAN PERSIE v MARTIN DEMICHELIS/ELIAQUIM MANGALA . That goal against Chelsea will give Van Persie confidence and he got good opportunities against one of the meanest defences in the league. He still has a lot to offer but if he gets involved in a physical battle with Vincent Kompany, there will be only one winner. Van Persie needs to target Demichelis/Mangala instead because that’s where he’ll get his success. Robin van Persie's last-gasp equaliser against Chelsea will give him the confidence to kick on . Eliaquim Mangala has endured a tricky start to life in England after the defender's summer move from Porto . Manuel Pellegrini may opt for Martin Demichelis (right) instead of the struggling Mangala at the back . SERGIO AGUERO v CHRIS SMALLING . Manuel Pellegrini may go with one up front to get more numbers in midfield, but if that one is Sergio Aguero, United are in for a tough afternoon. Aguero played alone at Barcelona last season and as the lone striker against Tottenham two weeks ago he was sensational. United need to get numbers around him because he preys on weak links. Smalling had one of his best ever games for United against Chelsea last week. He’ll need another one on Sunday. Sergio Aguero celebrates scoring for Manchester City as they thumped United at the Etihad last season . Chris Smalling (pictured being fouled by Oscar) could be in for a real examining by Aguero at the Etihad .
highlights: Angel di Maria is set to be marked by fellow Argentine Pablo Zabaleta . Robin van Persie will be buoyed by his goal against Chelsea . Sergio Aguero could give Chris Smalling a real examining .
id: 0372936fe5c0b51526eee19f6d02764b9ab8b4f0
chatgpt: In a highly anticipated matchup between two Premier League giants, Manchester United will take on Manchester City this weekend at Old Trafford. The clash between these cross-town rivals is always intense, and this game is expected to be no different. One key battle to watch will be between fellow Argentines Angel di Maria and Pablo Zabaleta. Both players are pivotal to their respective team's success and have strong bonds having played together for the Argentine national team. Zabaleta will have the job of keeping di Maria quiet, a task that won't be easy given the winger's speed, creativity and dribbling ability. Notably, di Maria has started the season on fire, and his match-winner against Everton last weekend highlighted his impact on Manchester United. However, City's Zabaleta is known to be one of the toughest defenders in the league and has proven himself against some of the world's best players. Another key player to watch for in this match will be Robin van Persie. He ended his goalless drought against Chelsea in the previous game and will be looking to build upon that performance. With Wayne Rooney suspended, van Persie needs to step up and lead United's attack against City. On the other side of the pitch, Sergio Aguero presents a formidable threat to United's defense. With Chris Smalling likely to be City's prime target, Aguero's speed and skill could give the English centre-back a tough time. The Argentine forward is a proven goal scorer with an incredible record against United, having scored twice in last season's fixture. United have struggled defensively this season and have already conceded nine goals in their opening eight games. Defending will be a key area for them to improve if they hope to stop City's attacking threat. Furthermore, this game could also prove to be a significant turning point for both teams. A win for Manchester United could see them climb up the league table and build momentum for the rest of the season. City meanwhile would be keen to extend their unbeaten run in the league, which currently stands at six games. In conclusion, this game promises to be a thrilling encounter between two of the biggest clubs in the country. The result of this match could have significant implications in the race for the Premier League title. The world will be eagerly watching as the famous Manchester derby unfolds at Old Trafford.