article: (CNN) -- North Korea has completed preparations for launching what it says is "an experimental communications satellite," the reclusive nation's state news agency reported early Saturday. A satellite image shows a rocket sitting on its launch pad in northeast North Korea. "The satellite will be launched soon," KCNA reported. How "soon" was anyone's guess. On Friday, President Obama reiterated that the United States strongly opposes any such launch. "We have made it very clear to the North Koreans that their missile launch is provocative, it puts enormous strains on the Six-Party Talks and that they should stop the launch," Obama said while on a stop in France. Obama warned that the United States will join with its allies to take "appropriate steps" to let North Korea know it can't violate United Nations rules and get away with it. Western nations fear that North Korea plans a ballistic missile test rather than a satellite launch, but the administration's special envoy to the Six-Party Talks, Stephen Bosworth, said it didn't matter if the North Koreans were trying to put a satellite in space or testing a ballistic missile that could threaten Japan or the United States. "Whether it is a satellite launch or a missile launch, in our judgment makes no difference. It is a provocative act," Bosworth said. Bosworth said the United States stands ready, in the event of a launch, to participate in U.N. deliberations on new sanctions against North Korea. A commentary carried by KCNA recently blasted critics for opposing its plans. "This is nothing but a groundless outcry of the political philistines ignorant of any legality of the study of space for peaceful purposes," the commentary said. The U.S. Navy is monitoring the expected launch with at least four ships in the region around the Korean Peninsula and northern Japan, according to U.S. military officials. The ships -- three destroyers and one cruiser -- are capable of tracking and shooting down ballistic missiles using powerful Aegis radar systems aboard each vessel. Two ships are in the Sea of Japan, the USS Curtis Wilbur and the USS Stethem, both guided-missile destroyers. Two other ships are on the Pacific Ocean side of Japan to monitor the missile if it flies over that nation. Those ships are the USS Shiloh, a guided-missile cruiser and the USS Fitzgerald, another guided-missile destroyer, the officials said. All four U.S. ships are working with Japanese naval ships in the same region that are also equipped with Aegis radar.  Watch report on launch preparations » . U.S. military officials say Pyongyang seems to still be on track to launch the missile as early as Saturday, but one official told CNN that winds strong enough to delay a launch are predicted for Saturday in the area of the launch site, in northeastern North Korea.
highlights: N. Korea says rocket containing "communications satellite" is ready for launch . U.S. military officials anticipating Saturday launch, but windy weather could delay it . Obama: U.S. opposes any such launch, which puts "strain" on Six-Party Talks . Aegis-equipped U.S., Japanese naval ships are monitoring in Sea of Japan, Pacific .
id: 83b9c86e913f7fe7743b1b961f186dd581f15c57
chatgpt: North Korea has announced the imminent launch of a rocket that it claims will carry a communications satellite into space. However, the planned launch has been met with a mixed response from the international community, with some countries expressing concern over the true purpose of the event. Reports suggest that the rocket is due to be launched from the Sohae satellite launch site in the northwestern part of the country. While some reports had initially pointed to a possible launch date on Friday, it now appears that the launch will take place on Saturday. U.S. military officials have been closely monitoring the situation and are anticipating the launch, despite the fact that bad weather conditions could cause a delay. The officials have said that they will continue to monitor the situation and will take appropriate action if necessary. However, the launch has been strongly opposed by the United States, which has accused North Korea of using the event as a cover for testing ballistic missile technology. President Barack Obama has said that the U.S. government is opposed to any launch of this kind, which he argues puts unnecessary strain on the Six-Party Talks aimed at addressing North Korea's nuclear weapons program. It is not just the U.S. government that has expressed alarm at the planned launch. South Korea, Japan, and even China have all registered their concerns over the event. Japan has even deployed naval ships equipped with Aegis missile defense systems to monitor the situation in the Sea of Japan and the Pacific. North Korea has been testing long-range rockets for several years, and some experts have suggested that the nation is close to developing a ballistic missile that could reach U.S. territory. The country has conducted two nuclear tests in the past, and there is mounting concern over its nuclear program. In response to the planned launch, the United States has reportedly put a range of military options on the table, including the deployment of missile defense systems and the use of pre-emptive strikes. However, it remains to be seen whether North Korea will heed these warnings and cancel the launch. Some observers have argued that the launch is part of North Korea's ongoing efforts to bolster its military capabilities and gain greater regional influence. The country has long been locked in a tense standoff with the United States, and has been accused of numerous human rights abuses. For now, it seems that the launch will go ahead as planned, despite the strong opposition from the international community. It remains to be seen whether this will trigger a wider crisis in the region, or whether it will simply be another footnote in North Korea's long and troubled history.