article: (CNN) -- Medical examiners will conduct an autopsy Monday on "Glee" actor Cory Monteith. Staffers at the Fairmont Pacific Rim Hotel in Vancouver, Canada, discovered the 31-year-old actor's body in his hotel room Saturday after he missed his checkout time, police said. "The coroner's service has decided that we will conduct an autopsy and toxicology testing on Cory to make sure that we do have the best possible information to determine the cause of death," B.C. Coroner's Service spokeswoman Barbara McLintock said Monday. While the cause of death was not immediately apparent, police have ruled out the possibility of foul play. In his own words . Monteith had been public about his struggle with addiction and checked into a rehab facility in late March. "It's all about perseverance. Absolute perseverance. You can always get back up," he told Glamour magazine in June. Celebrities react to Monteith's death . It was his second stint in a treatment facility. Monteith played Finn in the popular Fox series, and credited "Glee's" success with helping him to turn his life around. "It always blows my mind to think about how it was just a Fox pilot that started so humbly a couple of years ago" the actor told GoldDerby in June 2012. The Facebook page RIP Cory Monteith had more than 669,000 likes early Monday morning, an indication of how popular the actor was with fans of the show. The "Glee" staff released a statement via Twitter early Sunday morning, saying, "We are deeply saddened by this tragic news. Cory was an exceptional talent and an even more exceptional person." Share your memories of Monteith . Monteith's on- and off-screen girlfriend Lea Michele, who plays Rachel Berry on the show, has not yet released a statement. Her representatives asked Sunday "that everyone kindly respect Lea's privacy during this devastating time." The statement added that the actress was "devastated" by the news. The couple had been dating for more than a year. In April, Michele voiced her support for Monteith's decision to enter rehab, telling People magazine. "I love and support Cory and will stand by him through this." Remembering Monteith as Finn on 'Glee' Adam Shankman, who directed an episode of "Glee" for each of the past three seasons, told CNN's Poppy Harlow that he had talked to Monteith on Saturday morning. Shankman said Monteith was the glue of "Glee." "I had several interactions with him (Saturday) where he said that he was doing amazing," Shankman said. "He even said I am feeling fantastic. I'm like everybody else, really devastated and confused by what happened." Lea Michele silent on 'devastating' news .
highlights: NEW: Autopsy and toxicology testing to help decide cause of death, coroner spokeswoman says . Police rule out foul play . The "Glee" actor missed his checkout time; staff found him dead . Monteith, 31, spent time in rehab this year .
id: bc6ec98df0c74b3c40fbe5051c370a05c52d0522
chatgpt: The entertainment world was stunned by the news of actor Cory Monteith's untimely death. The 31-year-old star, best known for his role as Finn on the popular TV series "Glee," was found dead in his Vancouver hotel room on Saturday afternoon. According to reports, Monteith missed his checkout time at the Fairmont Pacific Rim Hotel, prompting staff to pay a visit to his room to investigate. Tragically, they found Monteith's lifeless body, sparking an outpouring of grief from fans, friends, and fellow actors. At this point in time, the cause of Monteith's death is not yet known. An autopsy and toxicology testing will be conducted to help determine the exact cause of death. The coroner's office has not released any official statements about the findings of these tests so far. However, a spokeswoman for the coroner's office has confirmed that police have ruled out foul play in Monteith's death. Monteith had a well-publicized history of substance abuse and addiction. In March of this year, he checked himself into a rehab facility to seek treatment for his issues. In a statement at the time, his publicist said Monteith had "voluntarily admitted himself to a treatment facility for substance addiction" and that he was "grateful and confident that this process will help him on his road to recovery." Monteith had been open about his struggles with addiction in the past, and had spoken candidly about how his experiences had shaped him as a person. In a 2011 interview with The Fix, Monteith said that he had started using drugs when he was just 13 years old, and that he had been in and out of rehab several times over the years. He also talked about how getting clean had allowed him to return to acting and achieve success on shows like "Glee." Fans of Monteith are reeling from the news of his death, which has come as a shock to many. On social media, fans have been sharing their memories of Monteith and expressing their condolences to his family and loved ones. Many have also been trying to raise awareness about the dangers of addiction and substance abuse, and offering support to those who may be struggling with similar issues. For now, the entertainment world is mourning the loss of Cory Monteith, a talented actor who touched the hearts of millions of fans around the world. As the investigation into his death continues, fans and loved ones alike are hoping for answers that can help bring closure and peace to this heartbreaking tragedy.