article: (CNN) -- A 6-year-old girl, detained in Arizona on suspicion of entering the United States illegally, is now at a shelter in El Paso, Texas, as authorities try to locate a relative. The girl, who told authorities she is from El Salvador, had to be moved to El Paso because there is no room in Arizona shelters for minors in her situation, said Jose Joaquin Chacon, the consul general for El Salvador in Arizona. The girl was traveling with her mother through Mexico, Chacon said, but for some unknown reason the mother apparently turned her daughter over to smugglers at the U.S. border and separated from her. Immigration shift sparks reaction from both sides . The unaccompanied child was detained along with 15 other people traveling in a van through Maricopa County late Friday, hours after President Barack Obama had announced a decision to stop deporting certain young illegal immigrants who have been in the United States for at least five years. The people in the van were planning to make their way to a variety of destinations around the country -- including New York, California and Texas -- according to the Maricopa County Sheriff's Office. Sheriff Joe Arpaio, known for his tough stance against illegal immigration, is a vocal opponent of President Obama's immigration policies. "There was no politics involved in this," he said. "And when you have a 6-year-old girl, I think that's newsworthy regardless of what the circumstances are -- whether you call it an arrest or a detention." For illegal immigrant graduates, a 'leap of faith as been answered' A spokesman for the sheriff's office explained that the girl "was not arrested in the sense of handcuffed and booked into jail. However, she was detained in our custody and turned over to ICE officials." After the sheriff's office handed the girl over to Immigration and Customs Enforcement officials, she was placed in "the care and custody" of the Department of Health and Human Services' Office of Refugee Resettlement, said Amber Cargile, an ICE spokeswoman. The girl ended up in El Paso, Chacon said. Overheard on CNN.com: Decision to defer some deportations symbolic . Most of those detained were being held in jail, the sheriff's statement said. Last week, Arpaio said that the Obama administration's new directive not to deport some young migrants was motivated by politics. Arpaio said he would abide by the directive but continue to enforce state laws on illegal immigration as he sees fit. The rule change will allow people younger than 30 who had come to the United States before the age of 16, pose no criminal or security threat, and have been successful students or served in the military to apply for a two-year deferral from deportation. Individuals must be able to prove they have been living in the country continuously for at least five years. Photos: Lens on immigration -- adolescence deported . CNN's Mariano Castillo, Glenda Umana and Sonya Hamasaki contributed to this report.
highlights: NEW: The girl is now in a shelter in El Paso . The Maricopa County Sheriff's Office arrests 16 people traveling in a van . One of them is a 6-year-old girl, who says she is from El Salvador .
id: 54d25b9f2fba569356cf99c82ff749dabfcb81da
chatgpt: In a shocking discovery, the Maricopa County Sheriff's Office in Arizona arrested 16 individuals traveling in a van, including a 6-year-old girl who claimed to be from El Salvador. The young girl was found among a group of individuals who were suspected to be involved in illegal border crossings. After being taken into custody, the girl was transferred to a shelter in El Paso, Texas. The shelter, operated by the Department of Health and Human Services, will provide the young girl with essential care until her rightful guardians can be located, or until she is suitable for release to a family or sponsor. The Maricopa County Sheriff's Office has stated that amongst those apprehended, several had criminal convictions, including violent activity that was discovered when the authorities tested their biometric information. The authorities have yet to give any information about the girl's relationship to the other individuals that were apprehended. This incident highlights the increasing number of minors who risk their lives to cross the border illegally, seeking refuge from the extreme conditions of their home country. In recent times, many unaccompanied minors have been detained at the U.S.-Mexico border, and the numbers continue to grow. The United Nations has warned that many children are at risk of being trafficked and exploited. Speaking on the issue of unaccompanied minors, a spokesperson for the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF) emphasized that the situation is dire and requires immediate attention from both the government and non-governmental organizations. "We are deeply concerned about the number of children that are risking their lives to cross the borders alone or with other undocumented individuals. The dangers they face are many, including violence, exploitation, abuse, and trafficking," said the UNICEF spokesperson. Despite the persistent debate about immigration policies in the United States, these minors' fate isn't political. They are innocent children who are seeking refuge and a better life. They are living in extremely difficult conditions in their home country, making it inevitable to make such a perilous journey. In conclusion, the arrest of these 16 individuals, including the 6-year-old girl, serves a reminder of the tragic consequences associated with illegal border crossings. The focus needs to be on finding long-term solutions to the underlying problems in their countries of origin, addressing their needs, and giving them the support they need to thrive.