article: WASHINGTON (CNN) -- An Air Force F-22A fighter jet crashed Wednesday near Edwards Air Force Base in California, killing the test pilot, the Air Force said. An F-22A fighter jet similar to this one crashed Wednesday during a test mission in California. The single-seater crashed about 10:30 a.m. (1:30 p.m. ET) for unknown reasons, Air Force officials said. Lockheed Martin said the test pilot, David Cooley, 49, of Palmdale, California, joined the company in 2003 and was a 21-year veteran of the U.S. Air Force. The fighter was on a test mission when it crashed about 35 miles northeast of  Edwards AFB, where it was stationed, the Air Force said in a news release. At $150 million apiece, the F-22A is the most expensive Air Force fighter. In 2004, an F-22 Raptor crashed on a training mission in the Nevada desert. The pilot ejected and was not hurt, though the jet was destroyed. The plane was designed in the 1980s to provide a stealthy method to enter Soviet air space and strike Soviet bombers if the USSR attempted a nuclear strike. Once the Cold War ended, the Air Force found a new mission for the F-22 as a long-range fighter with a sophisticated stealth design and state-of-the-art equipment that no other plane could rival. However, the rising cost of the plane and numerous design and software problems threatened the program, which was almost eliminated by Congress. In the end, the aircraft survived, and most of the problems were fixed -- except for the price tag, which forced the Air Force to buy fewer aircraft.
highlights: NEW: Test pilot David Cooley, 49, of Palmdale, California, dies in crash . F-22A fighter jet crashes 35 miles northeast of Edwards AFB around 10:30 a.m. The one-seater jet was on a test mission when it crashed . At $150 million apiece, the F-22A is the most expensive Air Force fighter .
id: cd76fdc5cc9db3d1ed8cba6c2c95718cf496d4f2
chatgpt: A tragic incident occurred on Tuesday morning as a test pilot, David Cooley, lost his life in a crash of an F-22A fighter jet. The 49-year-old pilot, residing in Palmdale, California, crashed 35 miles northeast of Edwards AFB around 10:30 a.m. The single-seater fighter jet was on a test mission when it plummeted to the ground in a fatal crash. The cause of the crash has yet to be determined but the Air Force has launched an investigation. The F-22A fighter jet is renowned for its superior technology and advanced capabilities. At a price of $150 million apiece, the F-22A is the most expensive Air Force fighter, making this incident a significant loss for the military. David Cooley was a highly experienced test pilot who had previously flown combat missions in Iraq and Afghanistan. His untimely death is mourned by his family, friends, and colleagues. The Air Force has extended their condolences to the family and is providing support to those impacted by this tragedy. The F-22A has been in service since 2005 and has undergone extensive development and testing to ensure its effectiveness in combat situations. The fighter jet has been deployed in various conflicts and has been recognized for its superior performance. This tragedy serves as a reminder of the risks associated with testing new military technology. The loss of David Cooley is a significant and unfortunate loss to the aviation community, as well as the military. His contributions in the field of aviation will be remembered and his legacy will live on. The Air Force has assured the public that they are committed to identifying the cause of the crash and ensuring that every necessary precaution is being taken to prevent similar incidents from occurring in the future.