article: (CNN) -- What's it like to be a woman today? On Thursday, the world marks International Women's Day, first observed more than 100 years ago. Decades later, take a look at how women fare in the areas of education, jobs and more, and how American women compare with others around the world: . Health and well-being . 86 years -- The average life expectancy for a woman in Japan, the longest in the world . 81 years -- The average life expectancy for a woman in the United States . 44 years -- The average life expectancy for women in Afghanistan and Zimbabwe, the shortest in the world . 16.5 million -- The approximate number of women living with HIV/AIDS worldwide, 50% of the total number . 59% -- The percentage of HIV-positive adults in Sub-Saharan Africa who are female, approximately 12.9 million people . 21% -- The percentage of HIV-positive adults in North America who are female, approximately 252,000 people . 54% -- The percentage of U.S. women who died of heart disease, cancer and strokes in 2007 out of all causes -- approximately 658,000 people . 177 -- Number of countries that provide paid maternity leave . 0 -- Amount of paid maternity leave guaranteed in the United States . Labor and employment . 91% -- The percentage of a man's paycheck that a woman in Sweden earns, working in manufacturing . 57% -- The percentage of a man's paycheck that a woman in South Korea earns, working in manufacturing . 81% -- The percentage of a man's paycheck that a woman in the United States earns, in all fields . 58% -- The percentage of U.S. women who participate in the work force, up from 33% in 1950 . 0 -- Number of female CEOs in the top 20 companies on the Fortune 500 . Education . 86% -- The percentage of girls enrolled in primary school worldwide . 39 million -- Number of girls worldwide who are not in school, 54% of the total number of children . 850,000 -- Number of girls in North America and Western Europe not in school . 510 million -- Number of illiterate women worldwide, two-thirds of the total number of illiterate people . 87% -- Percentage of U.S. women who have at least a high school diploma . 28% -- Percentage of U.S. women who have at least a college degree . Politics . 95 -- The number of women serving in the 112th Congress in the United States . 17% -- The percentage of U.S. Congress members who are female . 56% -- The percentage of Rwanda's parliament who are female . 2 -- The number of countries that allowed women to vote in 1911 . 2 -- The number of countries that prohibit women from voting in 2012 (Saudi Arabia and Vatican City)
highlights: International Women's Day is March 8 . It was first observed more than 100 years ago . Take a look at how U.S. women compare with others in areas of jobs, education and more .
id: 8b53baa7a8cfbb2acb0e35f49aa0dadaf8b12921
chatgpt: International Women's Day is a celebration of the social, economic, cultural, and political achievements of women. The day is observed on March 8 every year and is an opportunity to recognize the contributions of women in every aspect of society. It was first observed over a century ago, but how do women in the United States compare with women in other countries in terms of jobs, education, and more? According to a new report from the United Nations Development Program, the United States ranks 15th in gender equality out of 165 countries. The report measures various factors, including education, health, and political representation, to determine how countries fare in terms of gender equality. Education is one area where women in the United States perform well. In the U.S., women are more likely to attend college than men, and they make up the majority of college graduates. However, pay gaps between male and female workers still exist, with women earning 80 cents for every dollar earned by men. In terms of political representation, the United States has yet to elect a female president. Women make up only 23% of Congress and 30% of state lawmakers. This lack of representation is a major issue as women's rights and issues are often overlooked or ignored. In other countries like Iceland, women make up 48% of parliament, and in Rwanda, women hold 61% of parliamentary seats. These countries are examples of how political representation can directly impact the lives of women and lead to more gender equality. Another area where the United States lags behind other countries is in paid maternity leave. The U.S. remains the only developed country without a national paid maternity leave policy, leaving many working mothers to choose between their jobs and their families. In contrast, countries like Sweden offer up to 480 days of paid parental leave, with fathers encouraged to take a portion of that time to promote gender equality in caregiving responsibilities. Despite these challenges, women in the U.S. have made significant progress in recent years. More women are running for and winning political office, and there is a growing movement to close the gender pay gap and increase access to paid family leave. As we celebrate International Women's Day, it's important to recognize the progress that has been made, but also to acknowledge the work that still needs to be done. Moving forward, we must work to ensure that women have equal access to education, healthcare, and political representation, and that they are able to balance work and family responsibilities without sacrificing their careers or their wellbeing. Only then can we truly achieve gender equality both in the U.S. and around the world.