article: (CNN) -- Islamist militants took almost full control of Mogadishu on Thursday, less than 24 hours after Ethiopian troops withdrew from Somalia's capital, a witness reported. Ethipian troops invaded Somalia in 2006. The Ethiopian forces pulled out their last remaining bases in the city late Wednesday after two years propping up Somalia's transitional government. Forces from different Islamist groups -- including the hard-line al-Shabab, which the United States has designated a terror organization -- immediately seized  every base the Ethiopians abandoned. "The city is almost under Islamist rule," said a local journalist who did not want his name revealed. "You can hear different names of the Islamist groups taking control in many parts of the city." The journalist said the militants were in "full force" in most of Mogadishu. However, they had yet to claim control of the city's seaport, the presidential palace and a major junction on the south side. Ethiopia invaded Somalia in December 2006 to install a U.N.-backed transitional government in Mogadishu after a decade and a half of near-anarchy. The invasion had the blessing of the United States, which accused the Islamic Courts Union that captured Mogadishu earlier that year of harboring fugitives from al Qaeda. The Islamists responded with a guerrilla campaign against government and Ethiopian troops. Efforts to replace the Ethiopians with an African Union-led peacekeeping mission faltered as the violence worsened, and heavy fighting in Mogadishu and other cities drove hundreds of thousands from their homes. The lawlessness also spilled onto the seas off the Horn of Africa, where international vessels are routinely hijacked by suspected Somali pirates who demand large ransoms. And the transitional government was wracked by a power struggle between Prime Minister Nur Hassan Hussein and President Abdullahi Yusuf, who resigned in December. Hussein said Thursday that he would run for president now that Ethiopian troops had gone. Ahmed attempted to fire Hussein for being ineffective. But Hussein said the president did not have that power, and the vast majority of members of parliament backed Hussein in a vote of confidence.
highlights: U.S.-designated terror group among militants seizing control of Mogadishu . Islamic groups seizing military bases abandoned by Ethiopian troops . Ethiopians were propping up U.N.-backed transitional government .
id: 71dcc55519802d75772e3f0a735d6a769dd387c1
chatgpt: An analysis of recent developments in Mogadishu suggest that a US-designated terror group is among the Islamic groups that have seized control of the city. This follows the withdrawal of Ethiopian troops that were previously propping up the U.N.-backed transitional government. Reports indicate that the militants have taken over military bases that were previously abandoned by Ethiopian troops. The captured bases include weapons’ depots and training facilities. This has raised concerns among analysts who fear that the groups may use the weapons to launch attacks against neighboring countries. The actions of the militant groups have been condemned by the international community which has expressed fears of a resurgence of terrorism in the country. The US, in particular, has been vocal about its concerns, with the State Department highlighting the fact that one of the groups involved is a designated terror organization. The situation in Mogadishu is particularly concerning owing to the fact that the U.N.-backed transitional government is ill-equipped to deal with the situation. The government has been beset by infighting and corruption, with some of its members accused of colluding with the militant groups. Analysts have also pointed out that the Ethiopian withdrawal has created a power vacuum that the Islamic groups are seeking to fill. Some analysts have even gone as far as to suggest that the situation could escalate into a civil war, with different factions fighting for control of the country. Efforts to resolve the crisis have so far been unsuccessful, with the international community divided on how to proceed. Some analysts have called for a diplomatic solution, with talks between the different groups seen as the most viable way forward. Others, however, have called for a more robust approach, including military intervention. The situation in Mogadishu is certainly one to watch, with the potential for destabilization in the region extremely high. The fact that a US-designated terrorist group is involved only serves to make the situation even more concerning. It remains to be seen how the international community will respond, but one thing is certain – the situation in Mogadishu is far from resolved.