article: The most common causes of injury death were vehicle crashes . PUBLISHED: . 07:32 EST, 24 July 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 07:55 EST, 24 July 2013 . Large cities in the United States are safer than their rural counterparts, a new study has claimed. Researchers have found that the risk of injury and death is 20 per cent greater in the countryside than in inner city urban areas across the States. The most common causes of 'injury death' were vehicle crashes, according to the American study, due to be published tomorrow. Large cities in the United States are safer than their rural counterparts, a new study has claimed. New York's Times Square, once a hotbed of crime, is now a global tourist attraction thronged with families . A study, which is due to be published tomorrow, analysed the deaths of 1.3million people from injury between 1999 and 2006. It analysed the deaths of 1.3million people from injury between 1999 and 2006. Study author Sage Myers of the University of Pennsylvania in Philadelphia, said: 'Cars, guns and drugs are the unholy trinity causing the majority of injury deaths in the U.S. 'Although the risk of homicide is higher in big cities, the risk of unintentional injury death is 40 percent higher in the most rural areas than in the most urban. 'And overall, the rate of unintentional injury dwarfs the risk of homicide, with the rate of unintentional injury more than 15 times that of homicide among the entire population. 'This has important implications about staffing of emergency departments and trauma care systems in rural areas, which tend to be undeserved as it is.' The most common causes of injury death were road accidents with researchers noting 27.61 deaths per 100,000 people in most rural areas and 10.58 per 100,000 in most urban areas. Researchers have found that the risk of injury and death 20 per cent greater in the countryside than in urban areas across the States . Though the risk of gun-related deaths showed no difference in the rural and urban areas, experts did find that they were significantly higher in rural areas for children and people 45 years and older. The teams found that race was also a factor with rural counties with large black populations having significantly lower risk of injury death than those with small black populations. But the opposite was true for Latino populations, with countryside counties with large Latino populations noting significantly higher risk of injury death than those with smaller populations. It also found that  rural middle class areas with lots of college-educated residents and average income had significantly increased risk of injury death compared to rural counties with the lowest levels of each. 'By digging deep into the data, we may be able to tailor injury prevention efforts to the populations that need them, such as seniors in cities who are more likely to fall and rural children who are more likely to drown,' said Dr Myers.
highlights: Researchers studied deaths of 1.3m people from city and country in America . They found risk of injury and death 20 per cent greater in the countryside . Study found 'rate of unintentional injury dwarfs the risk of homicide' The most common causes of injury death were vehicle crashes .
id: 85264c3e641e29e28ddd634a97ba370c72574695
chatgpt: A new study conducted by researchers has found that the risk of injury and death in the countryside is significantly higher than in urban areas in America. The study examined data from the deaths of 1.3 million people in both rural and urban settings in the country and found that the risk of injury and death was 20% greater in the countryside. The researchers looked at the causes of injury deaths and discovered that the most common cause was vehicle crashes. In fact, the rate of unintentional injury was found to be much higher than the risk of homicide. The findings of the study, published in the journal Annals of Emergency Medicine earlier this week, raise important concerns about the dangers that people face when living in rural areas. According to the researchers, there are a number of factors that contribute to the higher risk of injury and death in rural areas. For one, the lack of public transportation means that people are more likely to rely on cars, which can be dangerous on rural roads with higher speed limits and fewer traffic lights. Additionally, the lack of nearby medical facilities means that injuries sustained in car accidents or other incidents are more likely to result in death. The study's lead author, Dr. Sage Myers, who is an assistant professor of emergency medicine at the University of Pennsylvania, said that the findings were alarming. "We know that the rural population is more vulnerable," she said. "This study really shows that there's a need for further interventions and resources to improve the safety of those living in rural areas." The study also found that the risk of injury and death varied depending on age and gender. Men were found to be at a higher risk of injury overall, while women were more likely to die from falls. Meanwhile, children and elderly people were more likely to die from drowning or unintentional poisoning, respectively. There are a number of steps that can be taken to help reduce the risk of injury and death in rural areas. For one, more public transportation options could be made available, reducing the number of cars on the road. Additionally, initiatives could be put in place to improve road safety, such as lower speed limits and more traffic lights. Moreover, having nearby medical facilities or better equipped ambulances in rural areas can also help to reduce the risk of death. This would enable quicker response times in the event of an emergency, and ultimately save lives. The study's findings highlight the need for greater attention to be paid to the issue of rural safety in America. With more people moving to rural areas in search of a quieter and more peaceful lifestyle, it's important that the risks associated with living in the country are addressed. Only by focusing on improving safety in rural areas can we hope to prevent needless injuries and deaths.  In conclusion, the new study conducted by researchers has shown that the risk of injury and death is significantly higher in the countryside of America than in urban areas. The study highlights the need for more resources and interventions to improve the safety of those living in rural areas, particularly with regard to road safety and access to medical facilities. By taking steps to address these issues, we can help to prevent needless injuries and deaths in the countryside.