article: By . Chris Pleasance . PUBLISHED: . 12:15 EST, 9 November 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 03:04 EST, 11 November 2013 . A mother from Scotland has vented her frustration after council workers refused to collect her bin because it was left open one inch. The binmen, from Midlothian Council, said that new health and safety rules meant they couldn't collect the waste, claiming the bag had become jammed. Susan Wright, 39, from Dalkeith, owns the bin and has called the decision 'bonkers'. Susan Wright, 39, a mother-of-three from Dalkeith has hit out at Midlothian Council after workers refused to empty her bin which had a bag caught in the lid . The mother-of-three said: ‘Surely there’s common sense that tells you that you can lift a bin lid up to see if the bin is overflowing or not, or whether a bag’s just caught. 'They didn’t even bother to do that. They go on about health and safety of their workers, but what about the health and safety of my family? 'We’re a family of five, I’ve got a young baby and I’ve now got to store a month’s worth of bin rubbish.’ However when she complained officials told her she would have to wait a fortnight for the binmen to come back, as workers are being told not to empty any bin which is left open, whether it is overflowing or not. In a statement, the council said: ‘As you know, due to health and safety regulations, the binmen are now not emptying bins where the lid is open. This is a procedure that they are following very strictly. ‘It is unlikely that the men will call back to empty your bin. I understand that in this case it was not due to the bin overflowing. I have therefore passed your concerns onto the waste management team for information.’ The workers claimed that a bag had become jammed in the lid (pictured) and that they couldn't empty it for 'health and safety reasons' Mrs Wright claims there are another eight or ten bins that have not been collected because the lids have been left open under the draconian new rules. Local councillor Margot Russell said common sense had not been used, adding: ‘I’ve seen buckets where the lid is halfway open and it’s full. 'The policy at the moment is that the guys wouldn’t touch that, but this particular one is only a smidgeon – a wee bit – open. They’ve maybe taken the guidelines too strictly.’ Midlothian Council is receiving about 200 calls a day from residents about bins not being collected by the 100 staff that work in waste management.
highlights: Susan Wright, from Dalkeith, has complained to Midlothian Council . Workers refused to empty wheelie bin because a bag was caught in the lid . Council says she will have to wait two weeks for them to come back . New health and safety rules mean no open bins will be emptied .
id: 8cc88944cb1bcd766e5edd58e46a26821e4f2cfa
chatgpt: A Dalkeith resident has lodged a complaint with Midlothian Council after workers overseeing refuse collection refused to collect her full bin. Susan Wright had left her bin outside for collection, only to find that it had not been emptied at the next collection date. Upon inspecting her bin, Wright discovered that a bag was stuck in the lid, leaving the workers unable to empty the contents.  Wright complained to the council, demanding that her bin be collected and emptied, and questioning why workers were unable to remove a bag from a bin lid. The council responded, stating that new health and safety rules prohibit workers from emptying open bins, and that Wright would have to wait for two weeks for her bin to be emptied along with the next collection day.  The new rules have been implemented in compliance with guidelines concerning health and safety in the workplace. According to the council, the policy means that all bins must be completely closed before they are emptied in order to prevent injury to workers.  This new policy has received mixed reviews from residents in the local area, with some praising the council for putting safety first, while others decry the policy as inconvenient and impractical. "This is ridiculous," said Wright. "It shouldn't be this difficult to get your bins emptied." However, the council has maintained that the policy was implemented with the safety of workers in mind, and that it will not be changing any time soon. Council workers have been instructed to leave any bins left open or with bags sticking out of the lid, and to inform residents not to put their bins out for collection until they can be completely closed.  The new policy has also prompted a reminder to residents to ensure their bins are completely closed before being put out for collection. Council workers have been instructed to post notices throughout the local area reminding residents of the importance of this rule. Failure to comply may result in bins not being emptied, as has been the case with Susan Wright.  While it is unclear whether or not the council will receive additional complaints from residents who have been impacted by the new policy, it is clear that the council is making safety a top priority for its workers. As Midlothian Council deals with this new policy, residents are advised to make sure that their bins are properly closed and not to take any chances with their safety.  In conclusion, the new health and safety rules implemented by Midlothian Council in relation to the emptying of bins has been met with mixed reviews from residents. While some are applauding the council for putting safety first, others are voicing their frustration with the inconvenience of the policy. Regardless, the council has stated that safety is its number one priority, and that it will continue to enforce these policy guidelines in the interest of protecting its workers.