article: A Wisconsin billionaire has pleaded guilty to a misdemeanor charge of having sexual contact with a teenage girl. Samuel 'Curt' Johnson III, whose family has run home-products giant SC Johnson for five generations, was convicted of fourth-degree sexual assault and disorderly conduct. He was sentenced to four months in jail, short of the one-year maximum. He was also fined $6,000. Before sentencing Friday, the 59-year-old apologized to the victim and her mother for 'the tremendous hurt I have caused.' Defendant: Curt Johnson, left, and his attorney, Mark Richards, appearing in Racine County Court . Judge Eugene Gasiorkiewicz allowed the downgrade of charges. Then he sentenced Johnson to four months in jail, short of the one-year maximum. Johnson was also fined $6,000. The plea deal also means the married father of four children will not have to register as a sex offender. Johnson was charged in 2011 with indecently touching a girl when she was aged between 12 and 15 years old. According to JS Online, the case had been bogged down over a request by Johnson's defense team that the girl, now 17, be asked to turn over notes from her therapy sessions before she be allowed to testify against Johnson. Original appearance: Curt Johnson, the former chairman of Diversey, Inc., listens to defense attorney Michael Hart discuss bond recommendations, as he is charged three years ago in Racine County Circuit Court . A trial judge had proposed that the girl be allowed to testify but make the jury aware that she had declined to make her therapy records available to the judge, ad therefore they could presume the records would have been beneficial to Johnson's case. In March, however, the Court of Appeals rejected that option and ruled that the girl could not testify unless she allowed a judge to see her mental health records. The girl refused to allow a judge to see her therapy session notes and therefore was not allowed to testify. Without her testimony, prosecutors had little chance of achieving a conviction on such serious charges for Johnson. Plea deal: The billionaire will serve four months in prison and pay a fine of $6,000 . According to JS Online, the case grew out of Johnson's statements to his own therapist, who was required by law to report potential child abuse to authorities. Johnson's family founded and runs the SC Johnson home products company, but he has not been affiliated with the conglomerate for 18 years, a company spokesperson told MailOnline. He was the chairman of the Diversey, Inc subsidiary of the company but resigned in 2010 citing 'personal reasons.' The company was bought in 2011 by Sealed Air. Johnson is estimated by Forbes to be worth about $3 billion.
highlights: Samuel 'Curt' Johnson pleaded guilty to sexual contact with a teenager . Johnson accepted a plea deal and will face four months prison and fined him $6,000 . The married father of four was originally charged in 2011 . He is one of multiple heirs to the SC Johnson fortune . The victim was aged between 13 and 15 at the time of the assaults .
id: 093001aefecf0537c5afd0d04173dbe3c36f1d18
chatgpt: Samuel 'Curt' Johnson, one of the heirs to the SC Johnson fortune, has pleaded guilty to engaging in sexual contact with a teenager. The married father of four accepted a plea deal that would see him serve four months in prison and pay a $6,000 fine for his crimes.  Johnson's legal troubles began in 2011, when he was initially charged with sexually assaulting a teenager. The victim was between the ages of 13 and 15 at the time of the assaults. It was not disclosed how Johnson came into contact with the victim, or if he knew the victim prior to the incidents.  Johnson's plea deal was reached after nearly a decade of legal wrangling in the case. Under the terms of the deal, Johnson must also register as a sex offender and undergo counseling.  "The victim in this case endured unspeakable trauma, and our entire office is committed to ensuring that those who commit sexual assault are held accountable," said Kenosha County District Attorney Michael Graveley. "We want to thank the victim for her bravery in coming forward and hope that this resolution brings her some measure of peace." Johnson's case is not the only legal issue that the Johnson family, which is renowned for its ownership of household cleaning product giant SC Johnson, has faced in recent years. In 2018, Johnson's brother, H. Fisk Johnson, settled a dispute with his late sister's estate over her share of the family fortune, which was estimated to be worth approximately $400 million.  SC Johnson, which was founded in 1886 and is headquartered in Racine, Wisconsin, has distanced itself from Johnson's legal issues, stating that he is not involved in the company's daily operations.  "The actions taken by Samuel 'Curt' Johnson are in no way associated with SC Johnson's values or operations. We are an independently owned and operated company that is committed to upholding the highest standards of conduct and ethics," the company said in a statement.  Johnson's guilty plea is likely to cause further ripples in the family's long-standing business empire. The company, which is now in its fifth generation of family ownership, has seen its reign overshadowed by the legal and personal troubles of its principals.  While Johnson's criminal case has now been resolved, the emotional scars for the victim will likely last a lifetime. Sexual assault is a heinous crime that destroys lives and relationships. The victim in this case and all survivors of sexual assault deserve respect, support, and justice.