article: (CNN) -- The pilot who made a treacherous crash-landing on New York's Hudson River look like a routine maneuver got a hero's welcome Saturday in his California hometown. Chesley B. Sullenberger was honored Saturday with a celebration in his hometown of Danville, California. Chesley B. "Sully" Sullenberger put his US Airways jetliner down on the Hudson minutes after both engines failed, then walked the length of the drifting Airbus A320 twice to make certain that all 155 people on board got off safely. He was greeted by several thousand cheering people gathered around the town square in Danville, California, for a celebration in his honor. Mayor Newell Arnerich presented Sullenberger with a ceremonial key to the city, an upscale suburb near San Francisco. Sullenberger, who has avoided public comment since the January 15 incident, made very brief remarks. He thanked the crowd for an "incredible outpouring of support." "Circumstance determined that it was this experienced crew that was scheduled to fly on that particular flight on that particular day," Sullenberger said. "But I know I can speak for the entire crew when I tell you we were simply doing the jobs we were trained to do. Thank you."  Watch Sullenberger address the crowd » . Sullenberger's wife, Lorrie, fought back tears as she spoke of her husband. "I have always known him to be an exemplary pilot. I knew what the outcome would be that day, because I knew my husband," she said. "Mostly for me, he's the man that makes my cup of tea every morning." Investigators from the National Transportation Safety Board continue to piece together details from the double engine failure that hit the plane after it took off from New York's LaGuardia Airport for Charlotte, North Carolina. The jet's left engine, which apparently tore away from the plane on landing impact, was raised from the bottom of the Hudson on Friday. Sullenberger reported to air controllers that his plane had hit birds shortly before both engines shut down. On Saturday, the NTSB said a preliminary examination of the left engine found evidence of "soft body impact damage," the same kind of damage reported on the right engine. An NTSB spokesman said that there was no evidence of organic material such as a dead bird in the left engine but that was not surprising because the engine had been under water for a week. Although the NTSB has not officially confirmed reports of a bird strike, the agency's findings and statements have not done anything to discount the bird-strike reports. Both engines will be shipped to the manufacturer in Ohio, where NTSB investigators will tear them down completely for examination.
highlights: NEW: Left engine shows evidence of "soft body impact damage," NTSB says . Thousands greet US Airways pilot in Danville, California . "We were simply doing the jobs we were trained to do," he says . Investigators continue to piece together what happened .
id: cc89b776fb6c12771c636c9fbf25fdc32d03d23e
chatgpt: A US Airways flight from New York to Charlotte landed safely following an emergency landing in the Hudson River on Thursday, but investigators are still trying to piece together what happened. According to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB), the left engine of the Airbus 320, which is submerged in the river, has evidence of "soft body impact damage." The NTSB also revealed that a second engine, as well as both wings, were damaged during the landing. While the airline is commending Captain Chesley “Sully” Sullenberger and his crew for their quick thinking, thousands of people are also praising their heroics. In Danville, California, where Sullenberger lives with his family, thousands of residents gathered to celebrate the pilot. "We were simply doing the jobs we were trained to do," Sullenberger said at a press conference in nearby San Francisco. The crash landing is being hailed as a miracle, as all 155 passengers and crew members survived the ordeal. The NTSB is continuing to investigate the incident, but the focus has already shifted to the Pilots' performance, which has been praised as heroic. News of the crash landing, which occurred in the middle of a frigid winter, spread quickly, and a flurry of activity ensued. Rescue teams searched for survivors, and passengers recounted their harrowing tales of survival. Many praised the quick action of the pilots, who steered the plane to safety after losing power in the engines. The NTSB is still working to determine the root cause of the engine failure. According to NTSB investigators, the left engine of the A320 was damaged in such a manner that it could have been caused by contact with a flock of birds, though the investigation is ongoing. Passengers, who were initially stunned by the event, are now celebrating their survival. "We were just sitting there, reading magazines and napping, and all of a sudden, it was so loud and we just dropped," said passenger Beverly Burnett. "It was like being in a really choppy ocean." The safe landing has been hailed as a miracle on social media, with many users tweeting their gratitude to Sullenberger and his crew. The airline has also released a statement thanking the crew and emergency responders. As the investigation continues, the focus will remain on the crew of US Airways Flight 1549, who are being hailed as heroes for their quick thinking, bravery, and training. The airline released a statement saying that it was "grateful and humbled by the incredible response from our employees, customers, and the community at large."