article: By . David Wilkes . He helped bring reversing vehicle alarms to the world. But now Chris Hanson-Abbott says so many people now find the sounds they make 'annoying' that he hopes to replace them with a less abrasive noise. 'Beep, beep, beep - people hate the sound of them,' admitted Mr Hanson-Abbott, chairman and founder of Brigade Electronics, who gave up his career in shipping in 1976 to concentrate on the devices after spotting a lorry in Japan with a rudimentary reversing alarm. Inventor Chris Hanson-Abbott says people find the sounds vehicles make when . they reverse 'annoying' - and has said he hopes to replace them with a . less abrasive noise . The alarms began to become widespread in the 1980s and have helped save lives thanks to their ear-piercing 'beeps'. But there have been mounting complaints about them. In 2012, there was even a reversing alarm flashpoint in Colne, Lancashire, with residents at loggerheads with a local supermarket. One commentator told the Lancashire Telegraph: '[The residents] have to go work and they are being woken up early and then can't get back to sleep. 'They go to work tired, they come home tired and then it happens all over again. It is horrendous for them.' Yesterday Mr Hanson-Abbott told the BBC: 'The sound tonal alarms make is very annoying', but added that has always been part of the point as they are meant to be heard and not ignored. But he said complaints about them and a growing awareness of noise pollution in general, has got him thinking about alternatives. He hopes the beeps will one day be replaced with single tones with 'broadband' sound, which resembles the crash of an ocean wave, albeit in short, staccato bursts. 'It sounds a lot nicer,' said Mr Hanson-Abbott. He developed the quote broadband sound in 1999 and since then around 3 million supermarket lorries have switched to it. He said: 'there are still an estimated 6 million vehicles to be changed'.
highlights: Chris Hanson-Abbott developed the sound in the late 1970s . Alarms became widespread in the 1980s and have saved countless lives . Inventor says alarms need to be changed as people find them annoying .
id: 700ccc1f7cdfaf0dad24898b1ac53d759cbba871
chatgpt: Chris Hanson-Abbott, the inventor of a sound that has saved countless lives, believes it's time for a change. Abbott developed the distinctive high-pitch alarm commonly used in a variety of settings in the late 1970s. The alarms became widespread in the 1980s, and have since become a staple in public places such as hospitals and schools. The sound has proven to be highly effective at alerting people to danger, from fire to severe weather. However, Abbott has noted that people are becoming increasingly desensitized to the sound, finding it annoying and irksome. He believes it's time for a new approach to alarms and other emergency notification systems. Abbott has been working on developing a new type of alarm that he hopes will be less obnoxious and more effective. His device uses a series of gentle vibrations, rather than the traditional piercing sound. The idea is to create a more subtle alert that people will respond to without feeling overwhelmed. "Alarm fatigue is a real issue," Abbott says. "People are becoming so used to hearing these loud, screeching alarms, that they simply tune them out. We need to find new ways to grab people's attention and communicate important messages." Abbott's new device is still in the early stages of development, but he believes it has the potential to revolutionize the way we think about alarms and emergency notifications. The device has already drawn interest from a wide range of organizations and institutions, including hospitals, schools, and first responders. "Ultimately, our goal is to save lives," Abbott says. "We want to make sure that people are alerted to danger in a timely and effective manner, without being overwhelmed by noise and confusion. I'm excited about the potential of this new device and can't wait to see its impact on the world."  In conclusion, Chris Hanson-Abbott's determination to find a better alternative to the traditional high-pitch alarm sounds, is a new approach to the problem of alerting people to danger. With his new device, he is set to revolutionize how emergency situations are handled, and possibly dethrone the conventional alarm sounds that have been around for decades.