article: A new study has found that a third of female university students in the UK have been sexually assaulted (pictured posed by model) A third of female university students  have been sexually assaulted with almost half of them admitting they didn't even report the attack to their family, according to a new survey. The study found that 31 per cent of female students polled said they had experienced 'inappropriate touching or groping' while at institutions in the UK. It also found that 43 per cent of those who had experienced unwanted advances did not report it to the university or even their family and friends. The study carried out by research group YouthSight for the Daily Telegraph comes amid calls by charities for new guidelines warning higher education institutions could be breaching the law by not investigating reported sexual abuse. It also found that one in eight men who responded said they had been groped or had unwanted advances. Meanwhile more than half of the women and a third of men polled said they knew of someone else who had experienced behaviour ranging from touching to rape. Professor Kevin Fenton, director of health and wellbeing at Public Health England, told the paper: 'It is unacceptable that a third of women and 12 per cent of men said they had faced unwelcome sexual advances. 'It is crucial that those on the ground, the students, feel confident and safe enough to take active steps when they witness a problem, or experience domestic harassment themselves.' The new study comes just months after universities were accused of failing to combat a widespread ‘lads’ culture’ which has seen unwanted sexual advances and jokes about rape become commonplace. Student leaders warned that harassment was ‘rife’ on campus after another survey also found that more than a third of female students have been groped or touched inappropriately and almost two thirds said they had heard jokes about rape or sexual assault. The same survey also revealed a lack of awareness of procedures in place at universities designed to tackle inappropriate behaviour, with 60 per cent saying they were unaware of any codes of conduct written by their university or their students’ union. Speaking at the time, Laura Bates, from the Everyday Sexism campaign, said: ‘Students are experiencing sexism, sexual harassment and assault within the university environment. ‘It is worth mentioning that one category of such experiences “inappropriate touching and groping” actually constitutes sexual assault under UK law.' However Nicola Dandridge, chief executive of Universities UK, added: ‘If alleged criminal behaviour is involved, all universities would support any students reporting such incidents to the police. 'It is important to remember that this is an issue for society generally, not just one confined to university students.'
highlights: Survey finds 31% of female students claimed they have been sexually assaulted . Said that they had experienced 'inappropriate touching or groping' Also showed that 43% of those did not report it, not even to their family . One in eight men who responded said they too had unwanted advances . Public Health England say that the new statistics are 'unacceptable'
id: e34694c6df6bff1fab3681576105d252f135f62f
chatgpt: A new survey has revealed that an alarming number of female students in the United Kingdom have experienced sexual assault during their time at university. According to the report, 31% of female students claimed to have been subjected to unwanted advances, including inappropriate touching or groping. Even more concerning is the fact that 43% of those who experienced such incidents did not report it - not even to their family members. The survey, which was carried out by a leading student accommodation provider, also found that one in eight men who responded to the survey had experienced unwanted advances. This demonstrates that sexual assault is not solely a women's issue; it affects men too. The survey's findings have been described as "unacceptable" by Public Health England. This is not the first time that UK universities have come under the spotlight regarding their approach to sexual assault. In recent years, campaigns such as #MeToo have highlighted the extent of the problem, and have called for universities to take more proactive steps to tackle the issue. Sadly, it seems that many students are still reluctant to come forward and report incidents of sexual assault. There are likely to be a number of reasons for this. Many victims may feel ashamed or embarrassed about what has happened to them, or they may worry that they will not be believed. Others may fear that they will be stigmatised or victimised as a result of speaking out. These fears are not unfounded. Some universities have been criticised for their handling of sexual assault allegations, with some victims alleging that they were not taken seriously. This must change. It is essential that universities are proactive in creating a culture of respect and zero tolerance towards sexual assault. There are a number of steps that universities can take to achieve this. For example, they could provide more support and counselling for victims, as well as training for staff to help them recognise and respond to incidents of sexual assault. They could also work with students to develop educational programmes and campaigns on the issue. Ultimately, the responsibility for ending sexual assault on university campuses must be shared by everyone. Staff, students and the wider community all have a role to play in creating a safe and respectful environment for all. The results of this survey should serve as a stark wake-up call for universities across the UK to take action to tackle this problem head-on.