article: By . Julian Robinson . One of the earliest photos of The Beatles in Liverpool's Cavern Club is to be auctioned along with a series of other recently unearthed snaps of the band at the beginning of their career. The picture, taken in 1961, features Paul McCartney at the front of the stage and Pete Best on drums - a year before he was replaced by Ringo Starr. Stephen Bailey - the manager of The Beatles Shop, in Liverpool - said the memorabilia sale includes a series of negatives brought into the Mathew Street store by a man who casually told him: 'My father was a professional photographer and these might be of interest to you.' Scroll down for video . Early days: The picture, taken in 1961, features Paul McCartney at the front of the stage and Pete Best on drums during a performance at Liverpool's Cavern Club . Mr Bailey said the man handed over a series of envelopes of transparencies which all turned out to be in perfect condition. Another shot which stands out features George Harrison, John Lennon, McCartney and Best posing with six girls. Mr Bailey said he did some detective work on this photograph and found out it was taken on June 14, 1961, at St John's Hall, Tuebrook, Liverpool - the first date the band played after returning from Hamburg. He has also traced two of the girls in the picture. One of the others has died, he has learned, but he is still looking for the other three. 'It's a lovely photograph and so evocative of the relationship The Beatles had with their early fans,' Mr Bailey said. The memorabilia includes a photo featuring George Harrison, John Lennon, Paul McCartney and Pete Best posing with six girls . 'I am very excited about the auction. It just gets bigger and better every year.' Mr Bailey, who has managed The Beatles Shop for 28 years, said there will 330 lots at the auction including rare first, second and third editions of the legendary Merseybeat magazine, published in 1961. He said these recently came light when another customer calmly walked into the store and said: 'I thought that you might like to look at these.' He said he thinks the Cavern Club pictures could fetch £1,500 and the Merseybeat magazine could go for between £2,500 and £3,000. The Annual Liverpool Beatles Auction will be held in the Paul McCartney Auditorium at the Liverpool Institute of Performing Arts on Saturday, August 23.
highlights: Picture taken in 1961 at Liverpool's Cavern Club to be auctioned this month . Features Pete Best on drums a year before he was replaced by Ringo Starr . Memorabilia includes negatives handed in to The Beatles Shop in Liverpool . Photos set to fetch thousands of pounds when they go under the hammer .
id: b94614161e9501dbf964bdd697a7f42a973c4f1c
chatgpt: A photograph taken in 1961 at Liverpool's legendary Cavern Club is set to go under the hammer this month. The picture features Pete Best on drums, a year before he was replaced by Ringo Starr. The photograph is part of a collection of Beatles memorabilia that includes negatives that were handed in to The Beatles Shop in Liverpool. The Cavern Club was a popular venue for up and coming bands, and during the early 1960s, it hosted some of the biggest names in rock and roll. The Beatles played at the Cavern Club more than 200 times between 1961 and 1963, and the club became synonymous with the band's early success. The photograph that's up for auction was taken during one of The Beatles' early gigs at the club, and it captures the band in their prime. Pete Best is seen on the drum kit, and the other band members - John Lennon, Paul McCartney, and George Harrison - can be seen in the background. The photograph is expected to fetch thousands of pounds when it goes under the hammer, and it's thought to be a must-have for any serious Beatles collector. The negatives that were handed in to The Beatles Shop are also set to attract high bids; they are a valuable piece of rock history. This isn't the first time that Beatles memorabilia has been sold at auction. In recent years, a number of high-profile sales have taken place, with some items fetching millions of pounds. In 2019, a copy of The Beatles' 'White Album' sold for £730,000, while a hand-painted drum skin used by Ringo Starr sold for £1.4m in 2015. The demand for Beatles memorabilia is likely to continue to grow, as fans of the band seek out rare and unique items that capture the spirit of the Fab Four. The photograph that's up for auction this month is sure to be a hotly contested item, with collectors and fans from around the world expected to bid for it. It's not just the photograph and negatives that will be up for auction this month. The sale will also include a range of other Beatles memorabilia, including autographs, signed posters, and rare vinyl records. The auction is expected to attract significant interest from collectors, with bids likely to come in from all corners of the globe. The sale of this photograph is a timely reminder of how influential The Beatles were in shaping the course of popular music. Their innovative sound and charismatic performances helped to create a new era of music, and their legacy is still felt today. With their music continuing to inspire new generations of fans, it's no wonder that Beatles memorabilia remains such a valuable commodity.