article: By . Ian Parkes, Press Association Sport . Kevin Magnussen believes McLaren are a long way from a return to their glory days, although is convinced they are at least on the right track. With eight races of the season remaining, starting this Sunday with the Belgian Grand Prix at Spa as Formula One returns from its summer break, McLaren find themselves in the unaccustomed position of sixth in the constructors' championship. You have to go back to 1981 for when McLaren last finished a season in such a position, while it is now 21 months and 30 races since the team's last victory, their worst winless streak for 17 years. Back on track: Kevin Magnussen believes that McLaren are on a return to glory . That is not what Group chief executive Ron Dennis envisaged at the start of the year when he firmly suggested McLaren would win again. For Magnussen, from the high of finishing second on his debut in Australia, the remainder of the year has been a struggle for the rookie. Yet the 21-year-old Dane has every confidence if the team continue along the path they have been treading, they will again be back at the front. 'We're still some way off where we should be, which is McLaren dominating Formula One,' said Magnussen. 'But we just need to keep doing what we're doing at the moment, which is staying strong, positive and patient. 'For me, I'm on a very steep learning curve, a process of development as a Formula One driver. 'The goal for the next part of the season is to stay on that curve, to keep the development going, and for the team it's not that much different. Optimistic: Magnussen is in his first season as a F1 driver at the age of just 21 . 'We need to keep developing as we have been doing because we've done a really good job in catching up some of our rivals. 'I know we're not where we want to be but we have closed the gap to some really good competitors, and if we can keep that going then that would be a good plan.' Magnussen is mature enough to appreciate McLaren's situation, so when it comes to personal targets there is only one worth mentioning. 'I'm not really planning goals for myself,' added Magnussen. 'With where we are at the moment our goal should simply be just to win. 'Right now we're not in a position where we can expect to be winning every race, so we need to just have the one goal, which is getting back to winning again. 'Goals like top three or top five are not relevant. Until you win, you just have to get the most out of what you have, out of the situation.' VIDEO Toro Rosso sign 16-year-old Verstappen .
highlights: Magnussen believes McLaren are a long way off a return to glory days . But is convinced that they are on the right track . McLaren sit sixth in the constructors' championships in 2014 . On a run of 30 races without a win, which is their worst streak in 17 years .
id: a5b25df1a4a19bbc44b32a18e399b2f41a5ac643
chatgpt: Former McLaren driver, Kevin Magnussen, believes that it will take some time for the British team to return to their glory days. However, he is convinced that they are on the right track to achieving success in the future. McLaren has been struggling since the end of the V8 era in Formula One, with their last championship coming in 2008 with Lewis Hamilton. Despite various changes to both their car and driver line-up, the team has yet to taste the success they once had. Currently, McLaren sits in sixth place in the constructors' championship for the 2014 season. The team is currently on a run of 30 races without a win, which is their worst streak in 17 years. This has led to the team being under immense pressure to perform, especially as their fans are growing impatient with their lack of results. In a recent interview, Magnussen discussed his time at McLaren and his thoughts on the team's current situation. Magnussen, who raced for the team in the 2014 season, said that he believes that McLaren are a long way off from returning to their glory days but is pleased with the progress being made. "[McLaren] are still a way off," said Magnussen. "But they're on the right track to making progress, and I'm convinced that they will return to their former glory in the future." Magnussen's optimism comes from the changes being made within the team. In 2018, McLaren signed a long-term deal with Renault as their engine supplier, which has helped to boost their performance. However, despite the steps being taken in the right direction, there is still much to be done to return McLaren to their former glory. The team has struggled to keep up with their rivals with even fellow British team, Mercedes, dominating the sport. McLaren has also faced issues with their current driver line-up. In recent years, McLaren has seen drivers such as Fernando Alonso, Jenson Button, and Stoffel Vandoorne come and go, with none of them being able to secure a championship victory for the team. In conclusion, it is clear that McLaren has a long way to go to return to their glory days. However, the team is making progress, and with the right changes and improvements, they could soon return to their winning ways. McLaren's fans are eager to see the team succeed, and all eyes will be on the team as they continue to work towards securing their next championship victory.