article: By . Associated Press . and Alexandra Klausner . Interior Secretary Sally Jewell is touring Jamestown, Virginia and says it's clear that rising seas are taking a toll on America's first permanent European settlement. Jewell trekked and bused her way Thursday through the 1,600-acre island in Virginia's Tidewater region. Guided by National Park Service rangers, Jewell saw sections of the island that now lie beneath the James River and heard of the devastation in 2003, when Hurricane Isabel raked the low-lying landscape. United States Interior Secretary Sally Jewel (pictured) toured Jamestown to highlight climate change's threat to the first permanent European settlement in America . Sally Jewell, right, listens to park rangers during a tour of Jamestown Island in Jamestown, Virginia where she found evidence of climate change . United States Secretary of the Interior Sally Jewell, left, looks over recovered artifacts from Jamestown . In an interview with The Associated Press between stops, Jewell called Jamestown a 'hot spot' for climate change. She says climate change is threatening to wash away the nation's history here. Jamestown was founded in 1607. A report released by the Union of Concerned Scientists (UCS) in May found that Jamestown is just one of 30 at-risk locations that might be washed away by climate change. 'Sea-level rise, coastal erosion, increased flooding, heavy rains and more frequent large wildfires are damaging archaeological resources, historic buildings and cultural landscapes across the nation,' says the report, National Landmarks at Risk. USA Today reports that according to the USC report, Jamestown will be underwater by the end of the century. Sea levels have risen 1-2 feet across areas of the east and the Gulf Coats. USA Today reports that by 2100 global sea levels will be up anywhere from 1 to 3 feet. Other notable at risk historic sites are The Kennedy Space Center, the site of the Apollo Launch, Cape Canveral, and national parks including Mesa Verde, Bandelier, Cape Hatteras and the Everglades. On the West Coast climate change threatens to increase the risk of wildfires especially in the Southwest, home to many archeological artifacts. Wildfires are often followed by flooding. Sea levels are rising and may swallow Jamestown by the end of the century . US Secretary of the Interior, Sally Jewell, left, looks at a map detailing erosion as she talks with park ranger Dorothy Geyer, right, during a tour of Jamestown on Thursday . U.S. Interior Secretary Sally Jewell walks through the woods during a tour of Jamestown Island in Jamestown where she observed evidence of erosion due to climate change . U.S. Interior Secretary Sally Jewell walks through the woods during a tour of Jamestown Island in Jamestown where she observed evidence of erosion due to climate change . Artifacts that have been recovered and restored from Jamestown Island which scientists say will be under water by the end of this century .
highlights: Interior Secretary Sally Jewell is touring Jamestown, Virginia and says it's clear rising sea levels are taking its toll on the historic site . Jamestown was founded in 1607 and is America's first permanent European settlement . A report by the Union of Concerned Scientists (UCS) said that Jamestown will likely be underwater by the end of the century . According to the UCS, Jamestown is just on of 30 historical sites across America in danger of disappearing . In the West, wildfires followed by flooding threaten to decimate national parks .
id: a20daa415e50468f493a6c0ca8be14b651bcde46
chatgpt: Interior Secretary Sally Jewell is touring Jamestown, Virginia, and her observations while on site are revealing. She stated that it's clear rising sea levels are taking a toll on the historic location. Jamestown is America's first permanent European settlement, founded in 1607. The impact of the rising sea levels is now becoming imminent, and a report issued by the Union of Concerned Scientists (UCS) highlights that Jamestown will likely be underwater by the end of the century. The UCS report also draws attention to the fact that Jamestown is only one of 30 historic sites across America in danger of disappearing. The Interior Secretary's visit to Virginia is part of a nationwide tour aimed at assessing the impact of climate change on the nation's historical sites. As part of the tour, Sally Jewell and her team are making observations, analyzing data, and drawing attention to the immediate impact of climate change on these historical landmarks. Aside from Jamestown, the situation is dire across the board, and in the West, the situation is deteriorating rapidly. Wildfires followed by flooding threaten to decimate national parks, and urgent measures are needed to address the situation. The UCS report reveals that America's history is under threat as climate change accelerates. The report highlights that historic sites are now at risk of disappearing, with many of these sites dating back to the earliest days of America's colonization. The report by the UCS estimates that sea levels could rise by as much as six feet by the end of the century, leaving Jamestown and many other historical sites underwater. As the coast erodes and the tides change, many of the sites that were once the cradle of American history will soon be lost forever. The changes are not just affecting the landmarks themselves. The communities surrounding these sites are also feeling the impact of climate change. Many are already experiencing the devastating effects of storms, flooding, and rising sea levels. As the sea level continues to rise, it's only a matter of time before these communities do the same fate as the historic landmarks. In conclusion, the situation is dire across America, and as climate change accelerates, there is a real risk that the nation's history will be lost forever. The work being done by Interior Secretary Sally Jewell and her team is vital in drawing attention to the threats faced by these landmarks and ensuring that urgent measures are taken to protect them. If the necessary steps are taken today, we can ensure that future generations will be able to enjoy and learn from these historical sites.