article: By . Chris Parsons . Last updated at 2:03 PM on 29th November 2011 . An afternoon drive down to the coast may be a relaxing way to pass the time, but if you get too close to the tide it can get messy very quickly. One driver paid a hefty price for some slightly wayward parking when his car was swept into the Bristol Channel during high tide in Mumbles, Swansea yesterday. Worse still for the male driver, coastguard crews have since been unable to recover his silver Vauxhall Corsa and say it could be floating 'anywhere in the Bristol Channel.' All at sea: The headlights of the submerged Vauxhall Corsa can be seen beneath the waters off the Mumbles, Swansea. The car became stuck in sand after heading down a slipway . The man and his wife managed to get out of the car long before it became submerged on the slipway to the water's edge on Monday afternoon. However, despite a two-hour attempt emergency services were unable to recover the hire car. Now a warning has been issued to vessels in one of Britain's busiest shipping lanes. Going, going, going: Waters swirl around the Corsa just before it floated away at high tide. Coastguard officials said it could now be 'anywhere along the Bristol Channel' Officials fear the brand-new vehicle could now have floated all the way to the Devon coast. A spokesperson for the Maritime Coastguard Agency said a man and his wife who drove down the slipway called the coastguard rescue team when their car became submerged. The spokesperson said: 'The Martime Coastguard Agency helped the woman from the car when the water was one foot from the front of the car. 'Because the car had been driven on to soft sand it got stuck.' A spokesperson for Swansea Coastguard added: 'A local recovery service was called out, but they were unable to recover the vehicle. 'We broadcast navigation warnings every four hours, and in that broadcast today we have asked vessels to look out for a silver Vauxhall Corsa. 'It is possible it could be anywhere in the Bristol Channel. 'Police went down to the slipway at 2am on Tuesday and it was nowhere. 'The last time it had been seen it was actually floating away. 'I wouldn't rule it out turning up on the North Devon coast at somewhere like Ilfracombe, or Lynton. Anything is possible with the sea currents.'
highlights: Hire car got stuck in sand then swept out to sea during high tide . Coastguard: 'It could be anywhere the Bristol Channel' - one of Britain's busiest shipping lanes .
id: fa08315061e46541b09c86a82474be9dae51ecc4
chatgpt: A hire car, which was stuck in the sand, has been swept out to sea by the high tide. The incident has left the coastguard in a tizzy as the car could be anywhere in the Bristol Channel, which is one of Britain's busiest shipping lanes. The hire car, which was reportedly parked on the beach at Burnham-on-Sea, had gotten stuck in the sand due to the high tide and rising water levels. The incident took place last evening, and soon after the discovery, the local coastguard was notified about the situation. After searching for several hours, the coastguard is yet to locate the car, which could be anywhere in the Bristol Channel. With no clear information about the car's location, the coastguard has appealed to the public to come forward with any information they may have about the incident. Speaking to the media about the incident, the coastguard said, "We are deeply concerned about the safety of the occupants of the hire car, and we are doing everything possible to locate the vehicle. The Bristol Channel is one of Britain's busiest shipping lanes, and the safety of all those at sea is our top priority." The coastguard has deployed numerous search teams, including lifeboats, helicopters, and other vessels, to locate the hire car. But given the vastness of the Bristol Channel, the operation has proven to be challenging. Meanwhile, the local police have begun an investigation into the incident to determine who hired the car and why it was parked on the beach during high tide. The police have urged anyone with information about the hire car to come forward and assist with their investigations. The incident has also prompted safety concerns among local residents and authorities, who have urged people to exercise caution when parking their vehicles on the beach. With the tide expected to remain high for the next few days, the coastguard has issued a warning to all beachgoers to be mindful of the rising waters and to park their cars in designated areas. In conclusion, the incident of the hire car's disappearance has left the coastguard and local authorities in a state of shock. The search for the car continues, and it remains to be seen what will be the outcome of the investigation. In the meantime, it serves as a warning to people to be more careful and mindful when parking their vehicles near the beach.