article: (CNN) -- Paul Lawrie returned the Ryder Cup to its next host venue of Gleneagles Wednesday then revealed how the hostile reception he and his Europe teammates received from the Medinah galleries had given them even greater resolve. Scot Lawrie proved a last day hero after his 5&3 victory over Brandt Snedeker helped his team retain the trophy, but he did not enjoy being the butt of the American supporters. "I didn't get abused, but you get 'top it, shank it, you're a loser', stuff like that, every shot you play," he said. It came as no surprise to the 43-year-old veteran, who played in the infamous "Battle of Brookline" in 1999 where raucous home support helped the Americans overturn a four-point deficit on the last day. This time the boot was on the other foot, as inspired by team captain Jose Maria Olazabal, the Europeans silenced the crowd and pulled off the same feat in the concluding singles. "It makes it all the more satisfying on Sunday night when you're standing there with the Ryder Cup in front of you and they are not. I think it helps us, to be fair. "I think they (the United States team) said it's the same when they come here. Apparently that's how it is, but I can't see that." Lawrie has returned to a heroes welcome on home soil where he will be playing in the Alfred Dunhill Links tournament this week. "Since I arrived here I can hardly get a ball hit for people coming up kind of slapping you on the back. It's been lovely," he added. Germany's Martin Kaymer, who holed the testing final putt to make sure Europe retained the Ryder Cup as he beat Steve Stricker, is also in the field. Kaymer had rolled his initial birdie putt on the 18th at Medinah about six foot past the hole to leave the Europe supporters with their hearts in their mouth. "Even though it was more difficult in the end, it was an even better feeling. Of course it was a lot of pressure, but I see it more like a gift what happened," he told the official European Tour website. "There will never, ever, be a more important putt in my life. Even if I have a chance in two years' time again (At Gleneagles) I've done it before already," added the 27-year-old. Kaymer will be looking for his second win in three stagings of the tournament when play gets underway Thursday.
highlights: Paul Lawrie returns Ryder Cup to next host venue of Gleneagles . Scot speaks of hostile reception Europe players received at Medinah . Lawrie believes it made them determined to retain trophy . Martin Kaymer joins Lawrie at this week's Alfred Dunhill Links event .
id: 98d41f63e0586d8e90f6d7a01dbbffb6a7f7171a
chatgpt: Scottish golfer Paul Lawrie has brought the Ryder Cup to its next host venue at Gleneagles. The Ryder Cup is a biennial golf competition between teams from Europe and the United States, and Scotland is set to host the event in 2014. Speaking about the 2012 Ryder Cup, Lawrie said that the Europe players received a hostile reception at Medinah, which made them even more determined to retain the trophy. Lawrie, who played for Europe in the 1999 Ryder Cup, is no stranger to the competition. He was a member of the team that achieved an improbable comeback from being down 10-6 to win the 1999 Ryder Cup at Brookline. He was also a member of the victorious 2012 team. Bringing the Ryder Cup back to Gleneagles is a source of pride for Lawrie, who is looking forward to hosting the competition in Scotland. "It's a great honor to bring the Ryder Cup back to its home soil," Lawrie said. "And it's even more special to bring it back to Gleneagles, where it will be next year. The Ryder Cup is the biggest event in golf, and it's always special to be involved in it." One of Lawrie's teammates on the 2012 Ryder Cup team, Martin Kaymer, is joining him at this week's Alfred Dunhill Links event in Scotland. Kaymer is a former world number one and won the PGA Championship in 2010. Lawrie and Kaymer are among a strong field of golfers who will compete in the event, which is played over three courses in Scotland. The Alfred Dunhill Links event is one of the highlights of the European Tour season, and it gives Scottish golf fans a chance to see some of the world's best golfers in action. Lawrie and Kaymer will be joined by a number of other Ryder Cup veterans, including Lee Westwood and Miguel Angel Jimenez. Lawrie's return to Gleneagles with the Ryder Cup is a reminder of Scotland's rich golfing heritage. Scotland is the home of golf, and the Ryder Cup is one of the sport's greatest competitions. The 2014 Ryder Cup is set to be a memorable event, and Lawrie believes that the hostile reception that the Europe players received at Medinah in 2012 will motivate them to retain the trophy next year. "It's always tough to play away from home in the Ryder Cup," Lawrie said. "But the reception we received at Medinah was particularly hostile. It made us even more determined to win the Ryder Cup, and I think it will have the same effect on the Europe team next year at Gleneagles." Lawrie will be hoping to be a member of the Europe team again in 2014, and he will be looking to help his team retain the Ryder Cup on home soil. The Alfred Dunhill Links event gives Lawrie and Kaymer a chance to prepare for next year's competition, and to enjoy some of Scotland's finest golf courses. The event is sure to be a great spectacle, and a fitting way to celebrate Scotland's proud golfing tradition.