article: By . Sean Gallagher . Robert Pires has been making the most of his free time ahead of his move to the Indian Super League by spending time with his wife Jessica in the Caribbean. The pair have been enjoying the glorious sunshine at the Eden Rock hotel - a luxurious resort in St Barth which is one of the top 100 hotels in the world. The 40-year-old agreed to come out of retirement last week to link-up with the likes of former team-mate Freddie Ljungberg and David Trezeguet, who will also be involved in the inaugural season which begins in October. It was announced a fortnight ago that former Sweden midfielder Ljungberg had penned an ambassadorial contract with the ISL, while Pires is expected to line up for one of the league's eight teams. VIDEO Watch  Pires make an appearance in a friendly for a Greek side while on holiday . Posers: The two lovebirds look like they are making the most of their break away . Serious: The pair pose for a photo while relaxing at night during their holiday . Relaxing: Jessica pictured on a boat during her holiday in the Caribbean . Sunshine: Jessica enjoys the glistening water and sunshine during the break away . The Arsenal legend hung up his boots following a brief spell at Aston Villa in 2011, but the veteran is relishing a return to the game at the ripe age of 40. He told the ISL's offical Twitter feed: 'I am very happy to be part of the new League when passion for football in India is on the rise. 'It will be great to play in front of enthusiastic Indian fans as well as share my knowledge with my team-mates.' The ISL will run between October and December. New beginnings: Pires is set to come out of retirement to play in the Indian Super League . Still got it: The 40-year-old will represent one of the ISL's eight clubs between October and December . Ambassador: Ex-Arsenal star Freddie Ljungberg has signed up to promote the new Indian Super League .
highlights: Pires is currently enjoying a break away with his other half in the Caribbean . The former Arsenal midfielder has agreed to play in the inaugural Indian Super League starting in OctoberÂ . Pires is expected to play for one of the league's eight teamsÂ . Former team-mate Freddie Ljungberg and David Trezeguet have also joined the league .
id: a1ea7652895bc1bc29e380f9cb73834ab58627c2
chatgpt: Former Arsenal midfielder Robert Pires is currently relaxing in the Caribbean with his other half. However, he has not forgotten about football and has confirmed that he will be playing in the inaugural Indian Super League, which is set to start in October. It is expected that Pires will join one of the league’s eight teams, as he looks to showcase his skills in a new environment. The Indian Super League has already attracted a number of high-profile names, including former Arsenal team-mate Freddie Ljungberg and French football legend David Trezeguet. Pires’ experience and skill will undoubtedly be a major asset to whichever team he decides to join. The 41-year-old midfielder enjoyed a successful career at Arsenal, winning two Premier League titles and two FA Cups during his six-year spell in North London. He also represented France on the international stage, earning 79 caps and scoring 14 goals. The Indian Super League is a new venture that aims to take Indian football to the next level. Each team is allowed to sign up to seven overseas players, and they will compete in a tournament that lasts for around two-and-a-half months. The league is being organised with the support of the All India Football Federation and the Asian Football Confederation. Pires is not the only high-profile player to join the league. Former Sweden international Ljungberg has joined Mumbai City FC, while Trezeguet has signed for FC Pune City. The league has also attracted a number of Indian football stars, including Sunil Chhetri, who has joined Mumbai City FC. The Indian Super League has already generated a great deal of excitement among football fans in India and beyond. The presence of players like Pires, Ljungberg and Trezeguet is likely to attract even more interest and help to raise the standard of football in the country. Pires has certainly played his part in making the league a success, and fans will be eagerly anticipating his performances on the pitch. With his experience, skill and winning mentality, he could be the key to helping his new team to success in the Indian Super League.