article: By . Jack Crone for MailOnline . A star college footballer has been suspended by his college team, the Oklahoma Sooners, after allegedly punching his date so hard that he broke several bones in her face. Freshman running back, Joe Mixon, 18, seen as the one of the hottest properties in the country, is accused of knocking a woman unconscious with one devastating punch last month. The alleged victim, who suffered a fractured jaw, broken cheekbone, fractured sinus and fractured orbit, claims the argument started after Mixon directed a homophobic comment towards her male friend. Joe Mixon, who has pleaded not guilty to assault, has been suspended by the Oklahoma Sooners for one year . The footballer, tipped for greatness, allegedly punched a woman so hard he broke several bones in her face . CCTV footage of the incident is said to show the woman pushing Mixon. The star footballer, who is 6ft1 and weighs more than 200lbs, reacts by lunging towards her. According to a probable cause affidavit released by the Cleveland County District Attorney's office, the alleged victim then slaps Mixon in the face - to which he reacts by punching her in the face - causing her to fall into a table before hitting the ground. Mixon's defence lawyer, Kevin Finlay, said: 'As we have maintained from the beginning, it is our belief that Joe reacted instinctively after being racially slurred and physically assaulted by a highly intoxicated young woman and her male friend. 'We strongly disagree with the series of events as portrayed by Norman PD. Justice knows no gender bias, and we do not believe that Joe's actions were criminal in nature.' Mixon's lawyers claim their client only acted 'instinctively' after being provoked by racist slurs and physical abuse by a woman and her male friend who they say were very drunk . The year-long suspension means he will miss the whole of his first season at a team with national championship aspirations, being ranked number four in the country. The school has since released a statement saying university President David Boren accepted the recommendation of athletic director Joe Castiglione and coach Bob Stoops to suspend Mixon. Posted on Twitter, it read: 'He will be excluded from all team activities and removed from the team roster. As the university has demonstrated in the past, we are committed to winning the right way. Mixon will be allowed to continue studying at the university and will remain eligible for financial aid . 'As an example to others, OU sets the highest possible standards for its student athletes, coaches and staff.' They added that Mixon would be allowed to continue studying at the university and will remain eligible for financial aid. The freshman has pleaded not guilty to assault.
highlights: Joe Mixon, 18, has been banned for one year by the Oklahoma Sooners . 6ft1 freshman running back is seen as one of country's hottest properties . Female victim fractured jaw, cheek bone, sinus and orbit in alleged assault . She claims argument started after star made homophobic slur to her friend . His lawyers say she and male friend were racist and he acted 'instinctively'
id: 0159532d698d1aff8c9e2f85129ef57bb1d86b6d
chatgpt: In a shocking announcement, the Oklahoma Sooners have banned top talent Joe Mixon for one year following an alleged assault on a female victim. Mixon, who is considered one of the country's hottest running backs, has been at the center of controversy since the incident occurred. The 18-year-old freshman allegedly attacked the victim, leaving her with a fractured jaw, cheek bone, sinus, and orbit. The incident took place in July of last year, when Mixon was at a restaurant with friends. The victim claims that an argument started after Mixon made a homophobic slur to her friend. She and another man confronted Mixon, and things quickly turned physical. She alleges that Mixon punched her in the face, causing severe injuries. Mixon's lawyers, however, dispute this account. They claim that the victim and her male friend were actually the aggressors, and that Mixon acted instinctively to defend himself. They also claim that the victim used racial slurs against Mixon, which provoked him. After an investigation, the university's administration and head coach Bob Stoops decided to suspend Mixon for one year. "Joe Mixon has been suspended from all team activities," Stoops said in a statement. "As the university has demonstrated in the past, we are committed to winning but also to upholding the highest standards of conduct for our student-athletes." This is not the first time that Mixon has been in trouble. According to reports, he was also involved in an altercation with a parking attendant in November of last year. The parking attendant filed a police report, but no charges were filed. The news of Mixon's suspension comes at a time when college football is under intense scrutiny for its handling of domestic violence and sexual assault cases. Many are questioning whether universities are doing enough to hold players accountable for their actions. This incident also raises questions about the role of race and sexuality in college sports. Mixon's lawyers have argued that he was the victim of racist and homophobic slurs, while others have criticized Mixon for using derogatory language. Some have even suggested that the university's decision to suspend Mixon may have been influenced by public pressure to take a stand against domestic violence and hate speech. Regardless of the motivations behind his suspension, one thing is clear: Joe Mixon's future in college football is uncertain. He had been seen as a rising star, with many predicting a successful career in the NFL. But now, his reputation has been tarnished by allegations of violence and hate speech. Only time will tell whether he will be able to overcome this setback and regain his place as one of the country's top running backs.