article: The father of a man accused of plotting terror attacks in New York says the charges against his son don't add up. "It is an accusation that does not seem very true, because my son was never involved in any terrorist acts," father Juan Jose Pimentel, 51, told CNN en Español Tuesday. "My son is not capable of something like that." Pimentel, who lives in the Dominican Republic, said his son -- 27-year-old Jose Pimentel -- had been depressed for the past two years, ever since he and his wife separated.  Juan Jose Pimentel spoke to CNN en Español by phone and also in his hometown of La Vega. "He had his son and she took his son and he was depressed because of this. But he has been a happy and normal boy and never had any problem with terrorism," Juan Jose Pimentel said. Authorities described Jose Pimentel as a "lone wolf" who was inspired by al Qaeda propaganda to plot attacks against police officers, patrol cars and troops returning from military service abroad. Juan Jose Pimentel said his son converted to Islam five years ago, but never appeared to be an extremist. "He followed this religion but he was never a fanatic. He led a normal life, including coming to this country," Juan Jose Pimentel said. "He didn't change. He continued to be a normal person." Authorities arraigned Jose Pimentel Sunday night in a New York court on state charges of possession of a bomb for terrorism, conspiracy as a crime of terrorism, soliciting support for a terrorist act, being a felon in possession of a weapon and conspiracy to commit criminal mischief and arson, according to a criminal complaint. He allegedly told police he was an hour away from completing his first bomb when he was arrested, according to the complaint. "Pimentel's behavior morphed from simply talking about such acts to actions -- namely, bomb making," New York Police Commissioner Raymond Kelly told reporters. Kelly said Jose Pimentel was a follower of Anwar al-Awlaki, the radical U.S.-born cleric who rose to become a top figure in al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula before a U.S. drone strike killed him this year in Yemen. In August, the suspect allegedly decided to carry out the bomb plot, Kelly said. He "jacked up his speed" after al-Awlaki died on September 30, according to the police commissioner. Jose Pimentel, also known as Muhammad Yusuf, according to the criminal complaint, had a "very active and very public online profile," prosecutors said. They cited the website TrueIslam1. Jose Pimentel's attorney, Joseph Zablocki, said Monday that the case against his client is nowhere near as strong as authorities say. "As they admit, he has a very public online profile, and that flies in the face of everything that they've said," Zablocki said at the hearing. "This is not the way you go about committing terrorist attacks."
highlights: Juan Jose Pimentel says his son wasn't involved in terrorism . Father: Jose Pimentel became depressed after he and his wife separated . He "was never a fanatic," the father says, describing his son's Muslim faith . The 27-year-old is accused of plotting bomb attacks in New York .
id: 0b399d4b839dbd440731ac49011d540ffcc9d47c
chatgpt: Juan Jose Pimentel, the father of Jose Pimentel, who is accused of plotting bomb attacks in New York, has vehemently denied any involvement of his son in terrorism. Speaking to local media outlets, Juan Jose Pimentel asserted that his son had never exhibited any extremist tendencies, and his Muslim faith was a personal choice and not imposed on him by anyone. According to Juan Jose Pimentel, his son Jose became depressed following his separation from his wife. He believes that the emotional upheaval may have contributed to his son's fascination with radical groups and ideologies. However, he maintains that his son was never a fanatic and was always peaceful in his beliefs and interactions. The 27-year-old Jose Pimentel was arrested by the police on Saturday and charged with plotting bomb attacks on government facilities, banks, and police stations in New York. According to the police, Pimentel had been constructing explosive devices using instructions from the online magazine of Al Qaeda and had also purchased parts to build the bombs. However, the father of the accused argues that the charges against Jose Pimentel are baseless and far from the truth. Juan Jose Pimentel says that his son was always interested in computers and technology and may have purchased the parts for a harmless project or experiment. He also stated that his son had never talked about any violent or terrorist activities in his presence. The denial by Juan Jose Pimentel comes amidst growing concern about the rise of home-grown radicalism in the United States. In recent years, several individuals have been arrested and charged with plotting or attempting to carry out terrorist attacks on American soil. The authorities have also been criticized for the methods and tactics used in apprehending suspected terrorists. Civil rights groups have voiced concern about the government's surveillance program and encroachment on individual privacy and freedoms. The case of Jose Pimentel is likely to intensify the debate on the balance between national security and individual rights. While the government stresses the need to protect the country from external and internal threats, opponents argue that such measures may infringe upon the basic rights of citizens. The trial of Jose Pimentel is expected to begin soon, and the defense and the prosecution will present their arguments and evidence before a judge and a jury. While the father of the accused is convinced of his son's innocence, the final verdict will depend on the ability of the prosecution to prove their case beyond any reasonable doubt. The case of Jose Pimentel is a reminder of the complex and challenging nature of counter-terrorism efforts in the United States. As the country faces new and evolving threats, it will require a comprehensive and nuanced approach to security and surveillance that balances the need for protection with the preservation of individual liberties.