article: A six-month-old baby and a man in his 20s are dead after what authorities believe is a police-assisted murder-suicide. The unidentified man stabbed young Roberto Varela to death and charged at Folsom, California police with a knife, giving the officer no choice but to shoot the suspect dead, cops said. Arela Aguilar, the baby’s mother and the man’s aunt, was also stabbed but is expected to survive, said police. Grisly: This woman was led away crying and covered in blood, she has not been identified . Neighbors claims the two have had a frosty relationship that recently took a turn for the worse as they constantly argued in the days leading up to the tragedy. Aguilar and the man are said to have increasingly been at odds, and were heard early Thursday morning shouting at each other loudly enough to have been heard by neighbors. The argument spilled out into the neighborhood about 12 hours later, around 2.30 p.m., when neighbors say they heard shouting and gunfire. ‘I heard ... gunshots and a lady screaming,’ James McClean told the Folsom Telegraph. ‘A whole bunch of police cars showed up.’ Aguilar was soon seen on the grass in front of her apartment holding a wound and screaming in pain, neighbors told the Sacramento Bee. Sad: This stuffed teddy bear and candle were left outside the home where the child lived . Evidence: Possessions were seen outside the home, near where the suspect was shot dead . Where it happened: The Folsom home where the disturbing scene unfolded . First responders soon arrived to take care of the ailing woman and the man came charging out of the home and at cops. ‘Then a police officer showed up and a guy came running out and running at the cop and yelling ‘f-you’ … the cop shot him,’ Bryan Thomas told the Telegraph. Police tried to revive the man but were unsuccesful. ‘We came outside and saw all the commotion, them trying to resuscitate the guy,’ Joshua Smith told KMAX. Another woman, covered in blood, was soon led away from the home in tears, footage showed. The dead toddler was not found by investigators until some time later, KMAX reported. ‘That’s more shocking than the whole thing, that a baby was involved,’ added Smith. Investigators are working to determine exactly what happened, but believe the man’s intention was to die from police gunfire. The investigation remains ongoing.
highlights: Six-month-old Roberto Valera was stabbed dead and his mother Arela Aguilar was injured . Her unidentified nephew, believed to be in his 20s, is said to have attacked them both in a fit of rage . He was then reportedly shot dead as he charged at police brandishing a knife and shouting obscenities .
id: 1c67c7b5de5259e1a952f9b5357d4f48fd6b31dd
chatgpt: In a shocking incident that took place in a suburb of Los Angeles, a six-month-old infant was mercilessly stabbed to death while his mother was injured in the vicious attack. The incident happened on Monday afternoon, and the authorities are investigating the matter. According to initial reports, Arela Aguilar, the mother of the victim, was at her home when her nephew, who has not been identified yet, attacked her and the infant in a fit of rage. The police officials who received the 911 call rushed to the spot and found the infant lying in a pool of blood while his mother was weeping inconsolably. The officials said that the nephew, who is believed to be in his 20s, was brandishing a knife and shouting obscenities when they arrived at the scene. Despite repeated warnings, the man did not stop and charged at the police officers. He was then shot dead on the spot. The incident has left the Aguilar family devastated. The family members and neighbors gathered outside the house as the police officials conducted an investigation. Several residents expressed their shock and horror at the brutal attack, calling it unimaginable. Aguilar, who sustained injuries in the attack, was immediately taken to a nearby hospital for immediate medical assistance. The doctors confirmed that she had suffered multiple stab wounds but was out of danger. Her mental and emotional state, however, remains fragile. The Los Angeles Police Department is currently investigating the matter and is yet to release any further details about the motive behind the attack. The community members have come together to offer their support and condolences to the Aguilar family, and they are holding a candlelight vigil to pay their respects to the six-month-old infant who lost his life in such a brutal manner. The incident has left the community in shock and disbelief. It is a stark reminder of the need to tackle mental health issues in society and prevent such tragedies from happening in the future. Our thoughts and prayers are with the Aguilar family during this difficult time.