article: Stung: An Italian apiary near Pisa housing prize-winning bees has been . attacked in the night by a gang of criminals . An Italian honey making business has been stung more than £100,000 after two million prize bees were killed in a suspected mafia hit. The mass slaughter was carried out using several canisters of insecticide on the honey bees - as well as protective clothing to prevent stings, police believe. Detectives think the mobsters carried out the blitz, in Titignano near Pisa, as part of an extortion racket on the owner of the apiary. But he has denied any previous intimidation or demands for money. The specialist bee farm houses prize bees used to make the Italian Millefiori brand of honey. Police said the gang used wire cutters to get through a fence during the night. They sprayed more than a dozen hives before escaping. Owner Sergio D'Agostino said: 'I've no idea why anyone would want to do something like this. 'I've lost more than two million bees and the financial cost will be huge - we are talking tens of thousands of Euros. 'This is the prime time for the bees and whoever did this knew what they were doing. It's going to take me months to get back to where I was before this attack. 'They used a powerful insecticide which you can buy in any shop and just took the hives out. It is a slaughter and they came at night so they could not be seen. 'Each hive is worth around 400 Euros, then you have the bees on top and we were due to have a new and we were due to get new clusters in shortly - that will have to be cancelled now.' A police spokesman said: 'This was obviously carried out by a gang of people who knew what they were doing. They used powerful insecticide and we suspect they were probably wearing protective suits. 'We have asked local hospitals to let us know if anyone comes in with multiple stings but so far there have been no reports. The possibility this was an operation linked to organised crime has also not been ruled out. 'We are working closely with the owner of the apiary to see if he has been the victim of threats or extortion in the past from organised crime gangs. 'It is a business operation which makes a considerable amount of money and they have now suffered financially as a result.'
highlights: Attack carried out at night using canisters of insecticide and wire cutters . Bees were used at specialist apiary where Italian Millefiori honey is made . Police say 'possibility this was linked to organised crime is not ruled out' Owner: 'It's going to take me months to get back to where I was'
id: b2180c979a909b552c343d5aa4e9754d1c0f6e3b
chatgpt: A specialist apiary in the countryside of Italy was targeted in an attack carried out at night, leaving the owner devastated and uncertain of the future. The attack involved the use of canisters of insecticide and wire cutters, and the bees at the apiary were not spared. The apiary is known for producing the highly sought-after Italian Millefiori honey, which regularly fetches high prices at market. The incident has left the owner, who preferred to remain anonymous, reeling with the believed loss of hundreds of thousands of bees. Police were alerted to the attack early in the morning when the owner arrived to find the damage. According to local reports, the attackers used both insecticide and wire cutters to damage the hives and destroy the bees, indicating a very targeted and pre-planned attack. A spokesperson for the local police force confirmed that an investigation had been launched, adding that "there is a possibility that this was linked to organised crime, although we are keeping an open mind at this stage." The owner of the apiary, who has operated the business for several years, spoke of his devastation at the loss, "It's going to take me months to get back to where I was. I had built up a thriving business and now it feels like it's been taken away from me overnight. I can't understand why anyone would do this." The specialist Italian Millefiori honey, made using nectar collected from various flowers, is highly sought after, with a unique and distinct flavour that is loved by many. It is not yet clear what the impact of this attack will be on the wider market, but there are concerns that this could lead to a shortage of the prized product. This is not the first time that a targeted attack has been conducted on a beekeeper in Europe. In 2017, beekeepers in France reported that thousands of their hives had been destroyed in a spate of attacks believed to be linked to the use of pesticides in agriculture. The incident has sparked concern among local beekeepers, with many calling for greater protection for their hives and bees. The wider implications of the attack are yet to be fully understood, but it is clear that this will have a significant impact on the livelihood of the apiary owner and the wider beekeeping community in the region.