article: Caterham have announced that they will take part at the final Formula One race of the season in Abu Dhabi. The British team, who entered into administration in October, launched a ‘crowdfunding’ scheme last week in a bid to raise more than £2million to make the race. And despite still coming up £500,000 short of their target on Friday afternoon, the administrators acting on behalf of Caterham, have announced that they will race next weekend. The cash-strapped team claim they will now compete at the final race of the season in Abu Dhabi . Caterham have missed the last two races in America and Brazil but say they will take to the grid in Abu Dhabi . Finbarr O'Connell of Smith & Williamson, joint administrator from the London-based accountancy firm said: 'We set ourselves a major challenge, but it’s definitely been worth it. 'In only a week the fans have made the impossible, possible. 'We knew that the best way to keep this team alive and attract possible buyers was to show that it’s still a racing team and be in Abu Dhabi for the finale, and there aren’t enough words to say how grateful we are to all the fans that have made this possible. 'We now head to Abu Dhabi ready to show what a hard-working and positive group of people this is and to hopefully secure a future for the team. Caterham said they needed to raise £2.35million to make the season finale in Abu Dhabi next week . 'During the past few days the interest of many potential buyers has increased massively and by racing in Abu Dhabi the team will be showcasing itself as a live and functioning team that deserves to continue into 2015 and beyond. 'It has hard-working people, team spirit and experience and now it only needs a secure financial future which I’m very hopeful we can achieve. 'I’d like to reiterate that we are racing in Abu Dhabi thanks to all the fans out there – an achievement that will go down in F1 history and one that we can all be very proud of. 'We still need to raise a bit more cash so please do keep an eye on the Crowdcube website.' Part of the  campaign has seen team kit, race suits from former drivers and old car parts sold off to bring in donations, with new items added over the past few days. One high-price ticket item includes dinner with one of the drivers at the Royal Automobile Club in London, although it remains to be seen who will be behind the wheel. Marcus Ericsson severed ties with the team earlier this week. British drivers Alice Powell and Jolyon Palmer meanwhile, are both in contention for a seat.
highlights: British team launched crowdfunding initiative in bid to raise more than £2m . Despite falling short of total, administrators say they will race in Abu Dhabi . The team paid tribute to the sport's fans after £1.9m donated in a week . But also called on Caterham supporters to pledge more money .
id: 12aa7ac317b54421eeaf856dc47f4eb9ff570779
chatgpt: A British team competing in the world of motorsport has launched a crowdfunding initiative in a bid to raise more than £2m. Despite falling short of their total, the administrators of the team have announced that they will be racing in Abu Dhabi. The team, known as Caterham F1, paid tribute to the sport’s dedicated fan base after £1.9m of donations flooded in within a week. The donations came from supporters all over the world, eager to ensure that the Caterham team could compete in the final race of the season. The team, which has seen its fortunes decline in recent times, launched the fundraising campaign in the hopes of raising enough money to keep the team alive. The money raised is intended to cover the costs of competing in the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix, as well as the team’s outstanding debts. Despite the fact that the team fell short of its £2m target, the administrators have declared that they will be racing in Abu Dhabi. The decision came after discussions with potential investors, who expressed their interest in the team and its future prospects. In a statement released to the press, the Caterham team expressed its gratitude to its supporters for their generosity. The statement also said that the team was urging those who had not yet pledged to donate to the crowdfunding campaign in order to help secure the future of the team. Caterham F1 is not the first team to turn to crowdfunding in recent times, as financial pressures have mounted on teams throughout the sport. With the costs of competing in Formula One continuing to rise, many smaller teams have found it increasingly difficult to secure the funding they need to remain competitive. Despite these challenges, the Caterham F1 team remains optimistic about its future. The team’s administrators have said that they are committed to investing in the team’s development and infrastructure in order to secure its long-term prospects. In the meantime, the team is looking forward to competing in Abu Dhabi and has promised its fans that it will give everything it has on the track. With the support of its loyal fan base, the Caterham team is determined to overcome the challenges it faces and continue to race at the highest level of motorsport.