article: NEW YORK (CNN) -- Jamaica's Usain Bolt is officially the fastest man on the planet as he set a new 100 meters world record of 9.72 seconds at an international meeting in New York. Bolt served notice of his immense talent ahead of the Beijing Olympics by breaking the world 100m record. Bolt was trimming two hundredths of a second off the record previously held by fellow-Jamaican Asafa Powell and for good measure relegated world champion Tyson Gay to a distant second. The 21-year-old had served notice of his excellent form by running a world's second fastest time of 9.76 seconds in Jamaica last month and he quickly took control of Saturday night's Reebok Grand Prix showdown with Gay, who finished in 9.85 seconds, still a personal best. Bolt gave credit to a big contingent of Jamaicans who were in the crowd to watch his feat. "Just coming here, knowing a lot of Jamaicans were here giving me their support, it meant a lot," Bolt told the Associated Press. "I just wanted to give them what they wanted." "He ran a perfect race," Gay said. "I've got to take my hat off to him." "An awesome athlete," said Shawn Crawford, who finished sixth and witnessed history from two lanes inside of Bolt. "The time shows it." The lanky 1.95 meter Bolt had produced his previous best performances before this year over 200 meters and finished second to Gay at this distance in last year's world championships. With doubts over his starting ability in the 100 meters, Bolt was even pondering a move up to 400 meters in favor of the 100. But the record changes all that and with Powell, who is recovering from a chest injury, and Gay he will be among the favorites for the 100 meters at the Beijing Olympics. He faces a showdown at the end of June with Powell at the Jamaican national championshps. Also at the Jamaican event will be Veronica Campbell-Brown, who won the women's 100m on Saturday in 10.91, the fastest time of 2008. The start of the night was delayed by an hour because of threatening weather  the area and the meeting was briefly hit by a storm which left the track shimmering with a moist sheen ahead of the race of the night. Bolt was assisted by a healthy tailwind of 1.7 meters per second, just under the limit at which a record can be set. Copyright 2008 CNN. All rights reserved.This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press contributed to this report.
highlights: Jamaica's Usain Bolt sets 100m world record of 9.72 seconds in New York . Fellow-Jamaican Asafa Powell held the previous world record of 9.74 seconds . World champion Tyson Gay of United States finishes second in 9.85 seconds .
id: 7683571be4dd2324a7a5816b3379c0242760154c
chatgpt: In a stunning display of speed and athleticism, Usain Bolt of Jamaica set a new 100m world record of 9.72 seconds at the Reebok Grand Prix in New York. The previous record of 9.74 seconds was held by fellow Jamaican Asafa Powell, but Bolt surpassed him with his impeccable performance on the track. Bolt's victory came as no surprise to those who have been following his career. The 21-year-old sprinter has been making headlines since he burst onto the track in 2002, showing an incredible combination of power and speed. His win in New York was not just a personal accomplishment, but a major milestone for Jamaica as well. The atmosphere in the stadium was electric as Bolt took his position at the starting line. As the gun fired, he exploded out of the blocks, quickly establishing a lead over the other sprinters. His long strides and flawless form carried him effortlessly down the track, leaving his competitors in his wake. By the time he crossed the finish line, he had beaten Powell's record by a full two-tenths of a second. "I knew I could run fast, but I didn't know I could run that fast," Bolt said after the race. "I have been working hard to improve my technique and my strength, and it all came together in this race." Bolt's victory was doubly sweet for Jamaica, as Powell had held the world record since 2007. Despite the loss, Powell was gracious in defeat, congratulating Bolt on his achievement. "I am proud to have held the record for as long as I did, but it was only a matter of time before someone like Usain came along to break it," Powell said. The only other runner to come close to Bolt's time was Tyson Gay of the United States, who finished second with a time of 9.85 seconds. Gay, who is the reigning world champion in the 100m, was considered one of Bolt's biggest rivals heading into the race. While he failed to match Bolt's pace, he still put in an impressive performance, cementing his status as one of the world's top sprinters. With his world record-setting victory in New York, Bolt has solidified his place as one of the greatest sprinters in history. His combination of raw talent, hard work, and dedication to his craft make him a force to be reckoned with on the track. As he looks ahead to the 2020 Olympics and beyond, it is clear that Bolt has his sights set on even greater accomplishments in the years to come.