article: A rat-infested and toxic Russian cruise ship cast adrift in the Atlantic Ocean has apparently vanished. The MV Lyubov Orlova - named after a Soviet actress - broke free in January when it was being tugged to be scrapped. It was being tracked by US intelligence officials but has not been seen since March and there are fears it has sunk. Sunk without trace: The MV Lyubov Orlova has been missing since January and is now presumed to be at the bottom of the Atlantic Ocean . The luxury liner was being towed to the Dominican Republic from Newfoundland, Canada, when it slipped away as the crew on board the towing ship battled howling winds and 10ft . waves to try in vain to reconnect the towing line. The so-called 'ghost ship' was located briefly in February as it floated aimlessly about 500 miles off the coast of Ireland. Then, in March, the Canadian Coast . Guard reported that one of the ship's emergency radio beacons, which . activate after hitting the water or another object, flashed a location . almost 800 miles off Newfoundland, according to the Vancouver Sun. With no further sightings, some are speculating the ship has sunk. There are fears the vessel could be leaking toxic fluids into the . water, according to French environmental organization Robin du Bois. 'In case of a collision or sinking or . any accident, the Lyubov Orlova will immediately release fuel,other . toxic liquids, asbestos, mercury and other non-degradable floating . waste,' the group declared in a statement, according to LiveScience. There has been confusion about which country is responsible for the 37-year-old luxury liner. Destination: The cruise ship disappeared as it was being towed to the Dominican Republic to be scrapped . Off-course: The mysterious ship has been sighted 1,300 nautical miles from Ireland's west coast . Canada's transport authority has said . the abandoned ship is no longer its concern as the vessel has left the . country's waters, with officials insisting the owner of the Orlova is . responsible for its movements. Court records obtained by the Globe and Mail newspaper show the vessel is owned by Hussein Humayuni, the owner of Neptune International Shipping Inc. Now home only to rats, the 1976-built ship once carried passengers on Antarctic cruises. The . ship was seized by authorities in Newfoundland in 2010 amid spiraling . debts owed to charter firm Cruise North Expeditions after faults on . board meant a scheduled cruise had to be cancelled. She is understood to have been sold to Neptune International Shipping in February last year to be broken up. A supply vessel called the Atlantic Hawk was able to reconnect to the Orlova a short time later, only to have the cable fail again. The ghostly liner was not seen again until about a month later, when a was spotted 1,300 nautical miles from Ireland's west coast.
highlights: The MV Lyubov Orlova vanished en route to Dominican Republic in January . Set sail from Canada to be scrapped when towing cable snapped . Boat was cast adrift and was being tracked by US intelligence officials . But not seen since March and there are fears it has sunk and is leaking toxins into ocean .
id: cfebf448a6c6cbd3590bfe46db4d8cdfa440837e
chatgpt: The MV Lyubov Orlova, a notorious abandoned ship, has been missing since March this year, and fears are rising that it may have sunk and is now leaking toxins into the ocean. The ship, which was en route to the Dominican Republic from Canada to be scrapped, vanished in January when its towing cable snapped. Despite being cast adrift, it was being tracked by US intelligence officials. However, the ship has not been seen since March and there are concerns that it may have sunk. If this is the case, the ship could be leaking a variety of toxins into the ocean and posing a significant environmental threat. The MV Lyubov Orlova has a troubled history, having been abandoned by its owners in 2013 due to unpaid debts. Since then, the ship has been adrift in international waters, and a number of attempts to salvage it have failed. Experts believe that the ship, which was built in 1976, could contain a range of hazardous materials, including asbestos and PCBs. If these materials are released into the ocean, they could cause significant damage to marine ecosystems and harm wildlife. Despite efforts to locate the ship, which has a history of drifting towards European shores, it has not been found. The latest search efforts by a Canadian coastguard vessel in the North Atlantic were unsuccessful. There are concerns that the ship may have sunk due to its age and condition. The ship was not designed to withstand the harsh conditions of the North Atlantic, and there are fears that it may have succumbed to the elements. However, experts warn that even if the ship has not sunk, it could still pose a threat. The longer it remains adrift, the greater the risk of it colliding with other vessels and causing maritime accidents. The disappearance of the MV Lyubov Orlova highlights the growing problem of abandoned ships in international waters. With more and more vessels being left to drift in the oceans, there is a growing risk of environmental damage and safety hazards. While efforts to locate the MV Lyubov Orlova are ongoing, it is clear that urgent action is needed to address the issue of abandoned ships. Governments and maritime organizations must work together to ensure that vessels are properly disposed of and to prevent future environmental disasters. In the meantime, the fate of the MV Lyubov Orlova remains unknown, and the risk of it causing irreparable damage to the ocean is greater than ever.