article: By . Beth Stebner . PUBLISHED: . 17:07 EST, 20 January 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 09:35 EST, 21 January 2013 . Accident: Veteran ABC newswoman Barbara Walters fell at inauguration party . Barbara Walters fell last night at an inauguration party and will be unable to contribute to ABC News' coverage of the event, it was revealed today. Ms Walters only suffered a cut to her head, but has been hospitalized ‘out of an abundance of caution,’ according to ABC News’ spokesperson. Because of her injury, the 83-year-old will not contribute to Monday’s second inauguration of President Barack Obama. The veteran newswoman was in Washington to cover the events and tripped last night on a step at the residence of Britain’s U.S. ambassador, Sir Peter Westmacott, Politico’s Mike Allen first reported. ABC News spokesman Jeffrey Schneider said that the fall left Walters with a cut on her forehead. Mr Schneider said today that 'out of an . abundance of caution,' Ms Walters was taken to a hospital to get the cut . treated and to receive a full examination. Fine company: The Obamas visited 'The View' last September, talking with co-hosts Whoopi Goldberg, Barbara Walters, Joy Behar, Sherri Shepherd, and Elisabeth Hasselbeck . He said Ms Walters is alert 'and telling everyone what to do,' which is 'a very positive sign.' It's unclear when Ms Walters might be released from the hospital, which ABC hasn't identified. According to TV Newser, the octogenarian correspondent will not contribute to Monday’s ceremony and could be off the air for several days. As it stands, Diane Sawyer and George Stephanopoulos will anchor the day’s events for the network. Ms Walters was TV news' first female superstar, making headlines in 1976 as a network anchor with an unprecedented $1 million annual salary. Preparation: The West Front of the U.S. Capitol is pictured on the eve of the second inauguration of U.S. President Obama in Washington . Nation's capital: People ride Segways along the parade route as Washington prepares for Mr Obama's second inauguration . During more than three decades at ABC, and before that at NBC, her exclusive interviews with rulers, royalty and entertainers have brought her celebrity status. In 1997, she created 'The View,' a live weekday talk show that became an unexpected hit. Ms Walters had heart surgery in May 2010 but returned to active duty on 'The View' that September, declaring, 'I'm fine!' Even in her ninth decade, Walters continues to keep a busy schedule, including appearances on 'The View,' prime-time interviews and her annual special, '10 Most Fascinating People.' During last December's special, she asked New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie if he considered himself fit enough to be president someday. (Gov. Christie, although acknowledging he is 'more than a little' overweight, replied he would be up to the job.) Healthy glow: The ABC News correspondent pictured in a flattering evening gown during the Daytime Emmy Awards last June .
highlights: ABC News correspondent tripped on stair at the home of the British Ambassador Saturday night . Spokesman said that 83-year-old was taken to hospital out of 'an abundance of caution' Unclear when Walters will appear on air again .
id: eaa829f080bf123c2a94eaab5f8c8d363e55f85b
chatgpt: ABC News correspondent Barbara Walters, 83, was taken to hospital on Saturday night after she tripped on a stair at the home of the British Ambassador. A spokesperson from ABC News has said that Walters was taken to hospital "out of an abundance of caution". It is not yet clear when Walters will appear on air again, but the ABC News team has expressed their well-wishes for her speedy recovery. Walters is one of the most respected journalists in television history, having spent more than five decades in the industry. She was a regular co-host of the ABC daytime talk show The View from its inception in 1997 until her retirement in May 2014. She has also been a correspondent and anchor for numerous news programs, including ABC Evening News and 20/20. Walters has been a trailblazer for women in journalism, having interviewed countless heads of state, high-profile celebrities, and other newsmakers throughout her career. She has won numerous awards for her work, including four Daytime Emmy Awards and a Lifetime Achievement Award from the National Academy of Television Arts and Sciences. This is not the first time that Walters has had health issues. In 2010, she underwent heart surgery to replace a faulty heart valve. In a statement at the time, she joked that she was "running a marathong, then run the marathon". She made a full recovery and returned to work soon after. ABC News has not released any further details about Walters' condition, but the spokesperson said that she was "being treated for her injuries". Walters' colleague and co-host on The View, Whoopi Goldberg, expressed her concern for Walters on Twitter, writing, "Sending love and positive thoughts to my friend and colleague Barbara Walters." Many of Walters' fans have also taken to social media to wish her a speedy recovery. One Twitter user wrote, "Sending love and prayers to Barbara Walters. She is an inspiration to us all, and we hope she will be back on the air soon." Another user wrote, "I can't imagine television news without Barbara Walters. She has been a fixture in my living room for decades. Wishing her a quick recovery and a speedy return to the airwaves." ABC News has not yet announced who will replace Walters on The View or any other programs while she is recovering. However, the network has expressed its strong support for Walters, saying that it is "confident she will be back to work as soon as possible".