article: (Mashable.com) -- Facebook has begun the rollout of a new feature, Facebook Questions, which will allow users to get answers to their queries from the entire Facebook community. Similar in concept to Yahoo! Answers, Quora and Mahalo, Facebook Questions gives users the opportunity to ask questions just by clicking the "Ask Question" button on the homepage. Questions is also available on friends' profiles just as you would post on someone's wall. We first learned of Facebook's Q&A feature two months ago, when the company started asking for volunteers to beta test the product. The world's largest social network even went so far as to promise beta testers a trip to Facebook's offices to meet with the Q&A team. I had the chance earlier today to discuss the new feature with several Facebook employees. Questions has several defining features: . • Photo questions: For example, if you take a picture of a bird, but don't know what species it is, you can post the picture on Facebook Questions and get your answer. • Polling: If you're simply looking for the answer to "Which city is better: Chicago or Dallas?", you can get your answer by creating a poll. • Tagging: The company seems to be placing a lot of emphasis on tagging questions based on category or topic. The goal seems to be to make Q&A discovery an easier and faster process by making it simple to look up questions on cooking, photography, San Francisco or a variety of other topics. • Topic exploration: Facebook described this as a roulette-type feature that allows users to browse Facebook's eventual mountain of Q&A. Under the "Questions about" drop-down menu, there's a feature called "Everything" that allows users to browse the company's catalog of questions. • Following: You can follow specific questions for updates and new answers. • Updated homepage: Facebook Questions does actually change the homepage, adding a new bar at the top of the page where you can choose to update your status, ask a question, add photos, or post a link. There was one more thing that Facebook made clear to me: Facebook Questions is not an advertising product. While brands with Facebook Pages will eventually be able to answer questions, it's not meant to be a promotional platform; it's meant to be a useful and insightful product for users. Facebook Questions will roll out to a limited group of beta testers today, but the company promises to "bring this product to all of you as quickly as we can." The entire feature is public, so we don't suggest posting those awkward bedroom questions on Facebook. Will Facebook Questions prove to be more useful than Quora or even Twitter as a Q&A platform? We think so, if only because it has the biggest advantage of them all: 500 million users. © 2010 MASHABLE.com. All rights reserved.
highlights: Facebook has begun the rollout of a new feature, Facebook Questions . Questions will allow users to get answers to their queries from the Facebook community . Feature will roll out to a limited group of beta testers Thursday .
id: 16d5978ad519ad4b63c7b9a1916d8eac3aba89d8
chatgpt: Facebook has announced the launch of a new feature called Facebook Questions, which will allow users to ask questions and get answers from the Facebook community. The feature, which is still in the beta testing phase, will be rolled out to a limited group of beta testers on Thursday. According to Facebook, the aim of the new feature is to help people get the information they need quickly and easily. With Facebook Questions, users will be able to ask any question they have and get answers from other users on the site. This could include anything from recommendations for a good restaurant in the local area to advice on how to fix a broken appliance. The questions can be posted on a dedicated Questions page, which will be accessible from the homepage of the user's profile. Once a question has been posted, other users will be able to respond with their own answers or recommendations. Facebook has said that the questions can be about anything, from everyday topics to more serious issues. It has also stated that the aim of the feature is to create a more collaborative and supportive community on the site. In a statement, Facebook said: "We want to make it easier for people to get the answers they need, and we believe Facebook Questions will do just that. By giving users access to a wider community of people who can offer their advice, recommendations, and opinions, Facebook can help people make better-informed decisions and get the most out of the site." The launch of Facebook Questions has been welcomed by users of the site, who have praised the feature for its simplicity and ease-of-use. "I think Facebook Questions is a really great idea," said one user. "Sometimes you need a quick answer to something and don't have time to trawl through lots of different websites. With Facebook Questions, you can get real-time advice and support from people you trust." Others have suggested that the feature could be particularly useful for businesses looking to engage with customers and get feedback on their products or services. "I can see Facebook Questions being really useful for businesses," said another user. "If you're a small business owner, you can ask your customers for their opinions on your products or services and get real-time feedback. This could be a great way to improve customer satisfaction and build loyalty." Facebook has not yet announced when the feature will be rolled out to all users of the site, but it is expected to be available soon. For now, only a limited group of beta testers will be able to access Facebook Questions and provide feedback on its functionality and effectiveness. Overall, Facebook Questions is a welcome addition to the site, offering users a new way to engage with each other and get the answers they need. With its focus on collaboration and community, it has the potential to be a valuable resource for anyone looking to connect with others and share knowledge and ideas.