article: By . Sara Malm . PUBLISHED: . 06:26 EST, 6 March 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 08:34 EST, 6 March 2014 . A female reality show contestant committed suicide while the cameras were rolling on one of South Korea’s most watched TV channels. The woman, a 29-year-old bearing the surname Chun, was taking part in a matchmaking show called Jjak, which translates as The Mate, when she hanged herself. She was found dead on Wednesday during a week-long location shoot in a house on the southern island of Jeju. Life lost: The 29-year-old woman (not pictured) had complained to friends and family that she felt producers on Jjak singled her out to make her look 'tragic' and alone . Broadcast on one of South Korea's top three TV stations, SBS, the show sees ten men and women put in the same house for one week while their every move is filmed by a crew. The tried and tested format sees the contestant take on various challenges throughout the week in the hopes of ending up with a partner at the end of the show. Ms Chun was found with a note where she had written that she did not want to live any more. Jjak has been accused of bullying and humiliation in the past, by alienating contestants who do not end up with a partner by making them eat alone as ‘punishment’ for their rejection. The 29-year-old (not pictured) was taking part in a matchmaking show called The Mate, when she killed herself during a location shoot in a house on the southern island of Jeju . Reality love: Jjak  sees ten men and women put in the same house for one week while their every move is filmed by a crew . Ms Chun’s mother told the JoongAng Ilbo newspaper that her daughter had said that she would rather leave South Korea than have the show aired on television with the way she had been portrayed. She had also complained to her friends that she was singled out as a ‘tragic girl’, with ‘too many scenes of me being alone... to highlight matched couples,’ Chosun Ilbo newspaper said. The channel cancelled the programme set to be broadcast last night, and although they apologised to Ms Chun’s family, they refused to accept any direct responsibility for her suicide. South Korea has one of the highest suicide rates in the world, with an average of 33.5 people per 100,000 taking their lives in 2010, equal to nearly 50 suicides a day. For confidential support call the Samaritans on 08457 90 90 90, visit a local Samaritans branch or go to www.samaritans.org.
highlights: Woman, 29, committed suicide on South Korean reality TV . She was taking part in a matchmaking show on a major channel . She had complained to a friend that she was 'singled out' on the show . Channel SBS has apologised to family but will not take responsibility .
id: c653fcf811bc3122f9ecef44dbba9fd4314d1a35
chatgpt: A 29-year-old woman has committed suicide while taking part in a reality TV matchmaking show in South Korea. The woman, whose identity has not been released, was a contestant on a popular show on a major channel in South Korea. She had expressed her discomfort to a friend, claiming that she was being "singled out" on the show.  The incident occurred during the filming of the show, which is known for setting up blind dates between participants. The woman's death has raised questions about the ethics of reality TV and the pressures faced by those who take part in such shows. The channel, SBS, has issued an apology to the woman's family but has refused to take responsibility for the incident. In a statement, a representative for SBS stated that "We express our deepest condolences for the deceased and her family. While we will cooperate with authorities investigating the case, we cannot take responsibility for the contestant's decision to take her own life." The incident has reignited the debate about the exploitation of contestants on reality TV shows. While such shows have proven to be popular with audiences worldwide, they have often been criticized for their handling of sensitive issues and for the pressure placed on participants. In South Korea, reality TV shows have been the subject of controversy in recent years, with several instances of contestants experiencing mental health issues following their appearance on such programs. The tragic death of the young woman has led to calls for greater oversight of reality TV shows in the country and for producers to take greater responsibility for the mental well-being of their participants. The incident has also raised questions about the wider impact of reality TV on society. While the shows have proven to be popular with audiences, there are growing concerns about the impact of such programs on young people and the wider culture. Critics argue that such shows promote an unhealthy image of beauty and relationships, and that they place undue pressure on young people to conform to unrealistic standards. As the investigation into the young woman's death continues, there are likely to be calls for greater regulation of the reality TV industry in South Korea and for the producers of such shows to take greater responsibility for the safety and well-being of their participants. While the shows may continue to attract audiences, there is a growing recognition that they must be held accountable for the impact they have on the people who take part in them.