article: The FBI planned to fly Edward Snowden's father to Moscow to encourage the National Security Agency leaker to come home to the United States, his father told The Washington Post. But Lon Snowden said he backed out, because it was not clear he would be able to speak to his son. Interactive: Snowden's options . "I said, 'I want to be able to speak with my son. . . . Can you set up communications?' And it was, 'Well, we're not sure,' " the father told the newspaper Tuesday. "I said, 'Wait a minute, folks, I'm not going to sit on the tarmac to be an emotional tool for you.'" Lon Snowden spoke to CNN on Monday and Tuesday, but did not bring up this incident. In an interview with CNN's Jake Tapper Tuesday, the father said he wants the accused leaker to stay in Russia, until he is confident he can get a fair trial in the United States. Snowden's father: 'I know my son. I know he loves his country . "I am not confident at all," Lon Snowden said. The multiple guilty verdicts handed to leaker Pfc. Bradley Manning on Tuesday increased his unease, although he says his son's case is "completely different." "I think my son has exercised discretion in the information that he has shared," he said. Edward Snowden admires Manning, his father said. "He's an individual who took a stand." Snowden a patriot? Edward Snowden, a former employee of a government contractor, leaked to the media that the NSA had secretly collected and stored millions of phone records from accounts in the United States. It also collected information from U.S. companies on the Internet activity of overseas residents, Snowden said. Lawmakers in Washington have built a criminal case against him. Snowden's lawyer, Bruce Fein, who also appeared in the interview with Tapper, objected to the government's intent to prosecute Snowden. "The majority of the American people now have voiced grave concerns about the scope of that program. And it seems somewhat odd to be prosecuting somebody for disclosing government wrongdoing." Snowden -- facts, fictions and fears . He said that Snowden had the courage to spark a conversation that President Barack Obama has called "urgent." Fein believes it would be impossible to find an "unpoisoned jury" to try his client given the heavy media coverage. He lambasted Washington politicians for speaking of Snowden as if he were guilty, trampling on his right to be considered not guilty until proven otherwise. Lon Snowden told the Post that his son grew up in a patriotic family. Many of his relatives had served in the military or police forces.  Lon Snowden said he served in the U.S. Coast Guard. His son acted out of patriotism, he said, knowing that he would suffer personally for his decision to protect Americans' constitutional rights to privacy. Lon Snowden told Tapper that he expects Obama to do the same.
highlights: Edward Snowden acted out of patriotism, his father tells The Washington Post . Report: Lon Snowden said he did not fly to Russia because he doubted he'd be able to speak to his son . Lon Snowden wants his son to stay in Moscow for now . He is 'not confident' his son would receive a fair trial in the U.S.
id: 8cabdeb59e7a3b37f45dd628b28fd928fb7215d8
chatgpt: Edward Snowden’s father, Lon Snowden, has spoken out in defense of his son, saying that he acted out of patriotism when he leaked classified information about the National Security Agency (NSA) to the press. In an interview with The Washington Post, Lon Snowden said that his son made the difficult decision to expose the NSA’s surveillance programs because he wanted to “protect the liberties and freedoms that we enjoy as Americans.” Edward Snowden is currently living in Moscow, where he was granted asylum in 2013 after fleeing the United States. His father revealed that he did not fly to Russia to see his son because he believed it would be too difficult to communicate with him. "I'm not going to be able to get in and see him," Lon Snowden said. "I doubt that I would be successful in even getting a phone call through, given the circumstances." Despite the distance between them, Lon Snowden maintains that he supports his son and hopes that he will stay in Moscow for the time being. He expressed doubts about the possibility of Edward receiving a fair trial if he were to return to the U.S. to face charges of espionage and theft of government property. “If he were to come back, he would be subjected to a system that no one in America could get a fair trial [in],” Lon Snowden said. “They would use all kinds of methods to persuade a jury, to stack the deck against him.” Since fleeing the United States, Edward Snowden has become a controversial figure both at home and abroad. Some view him as a hero who risked his freedom to expose government overreach, while others see him as a traitor who betrayed his country. In recent years, he has spoken out against the surveillance practices of governments around the world, and has become a vocal advocate for civil liberties. Despite the controversy surrounding him, Edward Snowden’s father maintains that his son acted out of a sense of duty to the United States. "I know my son very well. I know what he believes in. And we always taught our kids to stand up for what they believe in," Lon Snowden said. "He thought he was doing something good for the country." Edward Snowden’s decision to leak classified information about the NSA’s surveillance programs has raised important questions about the balance between national security and individual privacy. The revelations made by Snowden sparked a nationwide debate about government surveillance, and ultimately led to reforms within the NSA. While some see Edward Snowden as a hero for bringing the issue to light, others argue that he put national security at risk. As of now, it is unclear when or if Edward Snowden will return to the United States. His father says he is content living in Moscow for the time being, and that he feels safe there. The controversy surrounding Edward Snowden and his actions is likely to continue, as we grapple with the complex issues of national security and individual privacy in the digital age.