article: (CNN) -- What a drag it is getting old. How many times has someone mocked Mick Jagger by using that lyric from the Rolling Stones hit "Mother's Little Helper"? Jagger and Keith Richards wrote and recorded the song in late 1965, when they were 22, with Jagger alternately lecturing, alternately pitying dejected housewives and their pills. Ah, youth. Sir Michael Philip Jagger is going to be 70 years old on Friday, and if it's been a drag getting old for him, he certainly hasn't shown it. The Rolling Stones are celebrating their 50th anniversary as a band with new music and an extensive tour. Jagger can still move like, well, Jagger, his sinewy dancing and endless energy showing little sign of flagging despite his grandfatherly age. (The man has two children in their 40s, for Pete's sake!) He's made classic records, kept the gossip columns busy and always maintained an astute eye on the spotlight. CNN photo blog: Never before seen Rolling Stones photos . Besides, Jagger is only the latest of the 1960s musical heroes -- the backbeat of every classic rock station and baby-boomer record collection -- to cross the three-score-and-ten age threshold. Paul McCartney turned 70 last year. So did Brian Wilson. Bob Dylan hit 70 two years ago. Grace Slick, Paul Simon, Jagger's bandmate Charlie Watts -- they're all in their seventies. Sure, it's easy to make fun of that. Pop music is a young person's game, after all. "Everybody that you mention looks like an old woman now," says Chris O'Dowd, playing an employee of a record company specializing in heritage acts, in the movie "This Is 40." "You're just mentioning a bunch of Jessica Tandys." By the numbers: Mick Jagger . We should all be so lucky, though. Jessica Tandy lived until she was 85, acting until almost the very end. Better that than the alternative. If you're doing something you love, you should keep doing it. McCartney still tours. Dylan, who calls his travels the "Never Ending Tour," hasn't stopped in years. Why not? Most of the '60s-era rock stars, believing the music was just a fad, had no idea they'd still be rockin' and rollin' as they entered their eighth decades. Asked in 1964 why they were so popular, the Beatles could only shrug. "If we knew, we'd get together four boys with long hair and be managers," said John Lennon. So go ahead and sneer at them like the oldsters of their own youth did. Mick and his ageless friends are having the last laugh. What can a poor boy do, 'cept to sing for a rock 'n' roll band, right? Happy birthday, Mick!
highlights: Mick Jagger turns 70 on Friday . He's the latest '60s rocker to cross the threshold . But, like many of them, Jagger still playing, creating music . They were mocked when young, now mocked for being old - but they're having last laugh .
id: 23fa67cd1b2e1e782a0ae600e0d435bc827ae203
chatgpt: Mick Jagger, the legendary frontman of The Rolling Stones, is celebrating his 70th birthday today, Friday, July 26th, 2013. Mick is the latest of the "60s rockers" to cross this threshold, though many, including Jagger himself, show no signs of slowing down. Despite being mocked in their youth for their long hair, loud music, and controversial lifestyles, these rock legends are still creating music and enjoying sold-out shows around the world. Jagger, who has been the subject of countless headlines throughout his career, is no exception. While some may criticize aging rockers for their continued presence in the industry, Jagger and his peers are having the last laugh. They have proven time and time again that age is just a number and that their passion for music is as strong as ever. Jagger's career has spanned more than five decades and has seen him become one of the most recognizable and influential figures in the music industry. His unique voice and dynamic stage presence have made him a household name and an icon of rock and roll. Despite The Rolling Stones' long history of success, Jagger shows no signs of slowing down. He continues to tour with the band, releasing new music and thrilling fans with electrifying live performances. The aging of rock stars like Jagger has become somewhat of a cultural touchstone in recent years. While some may poke fun at the idea of septuagenarian rockers taking to the stage, others see it as a testament to their enduring passion and talent. As Jagger celebrates this milestone birthday, fans around the world are sending their well wishes and celebrating his amazing career. From the catchy riffs of "Satisfaction" to the infectious groove of "Start Me Up," Jagger and The Rolling Stones have created a musical legacy that will continue to inspire and entertain for generations to come. So, as Mick Jagger turns 70, let us raise a glass and give thanks for the incredible music he has given us over the years. Here's to many more years of rock and roll from one of the greatest performers of all time. Happy birthday, Mick!