article: (CNN) -- Doyin Oladipupo was on the phone with a police dispatcher, hiding in a closet when she heard the door open. Three intruders, who had set off the home security alarm, came into the walk-in closet in her parents' bedroom, apparently looking for items to steal from the Chula Vista, California, home. The 15-year-old was cowering in a corner next to some shelves. She thought her bright toe nail polish would give her away. "I was so scared. I could see them," she told CNN affiliate KGTV. "I thought they would see me." The 911 operator heard one of the intruders hollering at the others and told the girl, who was home alone, not to talk. The dispatcher then asked her to tap once on the cordless handset to indicate she understood not to open the closet door. She remained silent and still, Oladipupo told KGTV, while the intruders came in and took jewelry off a shelf, she said. Police said in a statement that when officers arrived, the three intruders were loading items from the home into a car on the street. Two of the suspects are 17 years old, and the third is 18. The car had been stolen a week before the attempted burglary, which happened Tuesday afternoon. There were items from other burglaries in the car, police said. "I don't know how I did it, honestly," Oladipupo said. "Because when I think about it now, my heart just starts beating."
highlights: Girl, 15, was alone when three people broke into her California home . She hid in a big closet, but the intruders came in to look for jewelry . She stayed on the phone with 911 as police came to the scene . One adult, two juveniles were arrested as they tried to load items into a car .
id: e545665a07aaaa5312d6949654bfc8aacf3ec7b0
chatgpt: A 15-year-old girl was at home alone in California when three intruders broke into her house. The girl managed to hide in a big closet, but the intruders were determined to find valuables to steal. Despite the danger, the girl kept her cool and stayed on the phone with 911. Thankfully, police arrived on the scene just in time to prevent any harm to the girl. The suspects attempted to load stolen items into their car as police were closing in. One adult and two juveniles were arrested and taken into custody. The brave actions of this young girl exemplify why for many, calling 911 is not just a simple act but a lifeline. If the girl had panicked and hung up, the situation could have turned out much worse. In the United States, break-ins and burglaries are all too common. Though we often think of them as victimless crimes, they can be frightening and traumatic experiences for those involved. In this case, the young girl showed remarkable poise in the face of danger. The incident also highlights the importance of police response times. The fact that they arrived on the scene in time to stop the intruders from doing any harm speaks to the importance of well-trained law enforcement personnel. All in all, this event serves as a reminder that we must remain vigilant and take precautions to protect ourselves and our homes. But if the worst does happen, we should never hesitate to call 911 and seek the help we need.