article: Morgan Schneiderlin feels Southampton can hang on to second place in the Premier League, and possibly even catch leaders Chelsea. Ronald Koeman's side have won seven of their last eight league fixtures and are just four points adrift of unbeaten leaders Chelsea in second spot. 'For a few games now there has been a lot of expectation and we responded well,' the 24-year-old told Southampton's official website. Southampton can catch Premier League leaders Chelsea, according to midfielder Morgan Schneiderlin . 'We are ready to kick on, we know that after Saturday we are going to have another break, the mood is very good but we know it can change very quickly. 'It is important to us before the international break to have a good result against Leicester so we are able to enjoy our national duties. 'Before whatever break it is important to get a victory, but we want to keep second place and to catch Chelsea.' Schneiderlin will be looking to pick up his seventh France cap in a friendly against Albania next Friday but is remaining focused on Leicester for the time being. 'They have some good players, they did very well against Manchester United (a 5-3 win),' he added. Saints manager Ronald Koeman congratulates the French midfielder after their victory against Hull City . Schneiderlin and Victor Wanyama have formed a formidable partnership in Southampton's central midfield . 'We need to be on our toes to win the game. Deep inside, we know we have something good to do this season, but we know we have to work hard.' Victor Wanyama is likely to partner Schneiderlin in midfield on Saturday having scored crucial goals in recent weeks and, with a fully-fit squad to choose from, Koeman is pleased to have a welcome selection headache. 'It's always a difficult situation,' he said. 'I was a footballer, I understand that kind of problem because that's difficult for the players, but all of them are acting in a professional way. 'Wanyama has scored two times in 1-0 games. That means a lot. I'm happy about all the midfield players, but sometimes one is a little bit more disappointed as they will not start the game, but that is part of the job.' Schneiderlin will be looking to pick up his seventh France cap in a friendly against Albania next Friday .
highlights: Southampton are second in the Premier League, four points behind Chelsea . Morgan Schneiderlin feels they are good enough to maintain their position . Ronald Koeman's side have won seven of their last eight league matches . Southampton will face Leicester before the international break . Leicester haven't won since they beat Manchester United 5-3 .
id: a22554e0b7244b102b60d78297c418cae711dcd4
chatgpt: Southampton's impressive start to the Premier League season continued last weekend as they beat Stoke City 1-0 at St Mary's Stadium. The victory means that Ronald Koeman's side are now second in the table, four points behind leaders Chelsea. Morgan Schneiderlin, Southampton's influential midfielder, believes that his team are good enough to maintain their position in the league. In an interview with Sky Sports, Schneiderlin said: "We know that we are a good team and we can do great things if we continue to work hard. We are confident in our ability and we want to keep pushing until the end of the season." Southampton's recent form supports Schneiderlin's assertion. The south coast side have won seven of their last eight league matches and have established themselves as one of the most exciting teams in the division. Their high-energy pressing game and swift counter-attacking play has won admirers across the country. Next up for Southampton is a trip to the King Power Stadium to face Leicester City before the international break. Leicester have struggled in the league this season and haven't won since their famous 5-3 victory over Manchester United in September. However, Southampton will be wary of a reaction from Nigel Pearson's side and will need to be at their best to take all three points. Despite Schneiderlin's confidence, Southampton face a tough few weeks ahead. They have a series of difficult fixtures in December, including games against Arsenal, Manchester United and Chelsea. However, the French midfielder believes that his team can compete with anyone in the league. "We know that we have some tough games coming up, but that's what makes the Premier League so exciting," Schneiderlin said. "We're not afraid of anyone and we'll take each game as it comes. We're a strong team and we're confident that we can continue to win matches." If Southampton can maintain their current form and overcome their tricky run of fixtures, they could be in with a chance of challenging for their first-ever Premier League title. With the likes of Schneiderlin, Graziano Pelle and Sadio Mane in fine form, the future looks bright for the Saints.