article: By . Sally Lee . Friends and family of Nicole Gillespie have taken to social media to pay tribute to the inspirational Aussie cancer battler who died at the age of 32 on Saturday. Ms Gillespie ensured she made the most of every single moment of her life by creating a bucket list soon after she was diagnosed with metastatic melanoma four years ago. She was able to complete her final wish by attending this year's Logie Awards in a $10,000 designer gown. Scroll down for video . Friends and family of Nicole Gillespie have taken to social media to pay tribute to the inspirational Aussie cancer battler who died at the age of 32 on Saturday. She is pictured at the Logie Awards earlier this year, which was on her bucket list . Ms Gillespie was also able to tick off her list: skydiving, feeding tigers, swimming with dolphins, flying over Uluru in the Northern Territory, meeting the cast and crew of Home And Away and the Queensland State of Origin Maroons team. Long-supporting friend and melanoma survivor Jay Allen said the Queensland resident was brave. 'She was so strong-willed, didn't complain once and just wanted to do what she had to do because she couldn't change what happened to her,' Mr Allen told the Daily Telegraph. 'I'm going to carry on the way she acted for the rest of my life.' The 32-year-old was granted her final wish by attending the Logies in a $10,000 designer gown. She is pictured with her friend Jay Allen . Ms Gillespie also completed her bucket list by skydiving, feeding tigers, swimming with dolphins, flying over Uluru in the Northern Territory, meeting the cast and crew of Home And Away and also the Queensland State of Origin Maroons team (pictured in 2013) Ms Gillespie wasn't able to attend her sister's hens night as she was undergoing treatment at a Brisbane hospital in March . Mr Allen, who also is also on a mission to ban sun-bed around the world, also paid his respects online. 'This morning we lost a beautiful lady and dear friend of mine Nicole Gillespie to this devastating disease #melanoma,' he wrote. 'I will never forget you Nicole. Its just so sad and heartbreaking.' One friend, Jenny Hutchins, wrote: 'Rest peacefully Nicole. You fought so hard and with so much courage and grace.' Words of comfort were shared by Cheryl Gavan: 'Jay there's no room for tears in heaven - Nicole will be smiling down on you now, you bring a lil bit of heaven to everyone you help here on earth, god bless Nicole xo.' Ms Gillespie died alongside family and friends. Online tributes described her as a 'beautiful lady and dear friend' Ms Gillespie died on Saturday with friends and family by her side .
highlights: Nicole Gillespie was diagnosed with terminal melanoma four years ago . As part of her bucket list, she's swum with dolphins, fed tigers, skydived and met the cast and crew of Home And Away . She was granted her final wish by attending this year's Logie Awards in a $10,000 designer gown . Online tributes described her as a 'beautiful lady and dear friend' Ms Gillespie died on Saturday with friends and family by her side .
id: fa703976b46caafd63cc78234af3fa5e44e21f89
chatgpt: Nicole Gillespie, a 35-year-old who was diagnosed with terminal melanoma four years ago, passed away on Saturday with her friends and family by her side. Gillespie had created a bucket list for herself and had completed several of her wishes before her untimely demise. From swimming with dolphins to feeding tigers, Gillespie had made the most of her time here on earth. One of her final wishes was to attend this year's Logie Awards, which was held on Sunday in the Gold Coast. Gillespie was thrilled to attend this highly-regarded event and was even more excited to wear a stunning $10,000 designer gown for the occasion. Friends and family members of Gillespie were overjoyed when they saw the smile on her face as she entered the venue on the night of the award show. Gillespie's appearance at the award show sparked an outpouring of love on social media, as people all across the world were touched by her inspiring story. She was hailed as a true fighter for her courage and determination in the face of adversity. Online tributes described her as a 'beautiful lady and dear friend' who will be extremely missed. Despite her illness, Gillespie never let her condition stop her from living her life to the fullest. Her friends and family members have spoken highly of her strength and positive attitude, even in the face of the difficult diagnosis. They've noted that she was an inspiration to them all and that she lived every day with purpose and joy. Gillespie's story serves as a reminder that life is precious and that we must make the most of it every day. Her sense of adventure and positive outlook on life will continue to inspire others long after she has gone. As Gillespie's loved ones mourn her passing, they take comfort in the fact that she was able to fulfil some of her dreams before she passed away. They encourage others to honour her memory by embracing life to the fullest and cherishing every moment. In conclusion, Nicole Gillespie's passing is a great loss to her loved ones and everyone who was touched by her life story. She was a true inspiration to us all, serving as a reminder to never give up on our dreams and to live life to the fullest. Her spirit will live on through those she inspired and who are determined to make the most of their time here on earth just as she did.