article: (CNN)  -- The Public Utility Commission of Texas will review the case of a cancer patient fighting to keep her electricity on to power her oxygen machine, the commission told CNN on Wednesday. Mable Randon, who has stage 4 cancer, was denied help paying for electricity, which she needs to power her oxygen tank. CNN affiliate KHOU of Houston, Texas, said calls poured in from as far away as Connecticut after the station aired its story on Mable Randon, a stage 4 cancer patient who received a cutoff notice after she fell behind on her bills. "I'm on a set income," she told KHOU. "My husband lost his job. He finds a little work every now and then, but it's hard." She applied to CenterPoint Energy's Critical Care Program which helps maintain service for people who depend on electric-powered life support systems, but she was rejected. "I'm fighting for my life, and I thought people at the power company would help me," said Randon, who uses a wheelchair. "I just thought they'd make some kind of exception for me." Randon's power will stay on until the commission examines the facts in the case, said Terry Hadley, spokesman for the commission. CenterPoint told Randon she failed to meet the criteria. Spokeswoman Alicia Dixon told KHOU that Randon could have bought a battery-powered oxygen machine. The critical care program has thousands of applicants, and only 300 of them have been accepted, she said. "This program is a communication program, not a guarantee of uninterrupted power, even to customers who are on the list," she said. Since the rejection, Randon said she is "up and down all night," partly because she is worried about whether the power will be on when she wakes up. "They have no consideration for life," she said. "It's just like they don't care." CenterPoint spokeswoman Leticia Lowe said the company does not send electric bills; it merely owns the wires and poles and is directed to disconnect power by retail electric providers. Randon's electric company is Freedom Power, she said. CNN's attempts to contact Freedom Power were unsuccessful Wednesday. As of Tuesday, CenterPoint had not received a notice from Freedom Power to disconnect Randon's service, Lowe said. Following the KHOU report, CenterPoint received calls from viewers, she said. But the company can do nothing since they don't bill Randon. CNN's Divina Mims contributed to this report.
highlights: Mable Randon, a stage 4 cancer patient, got a cutoff notice after falling behind on bill . She applied for critical care program, was told to buy battery-operated oxygen tank . "I'm fighting for my life, and I thought people at the power company would help me" Public Utility Commission of Texas reviewing Randon's case .
id: 241bd3c28c849baae34b4bd9917d31f06f8e9a00
chatgpt: Mable Randon, a stage 4 cancer patient, was in a difficult situation after receiving a cutoff notice from her utility provider. Falling behind on her bills, Randon had no choice but to apply for the critical care program that would allow her to continue receiving electricity for her medical equipment. However, things took a turn for the worse when she was informed that she would need to purchase a battery-operated oxygen tank to qualify for the program. "I'm fighting for my life, and I thought people at the power company would help me," said Randon in an interview. "Instead, they're making me jump through hoops just to keep my electricity on." The critical care program is designed to help low-income Texans who have a medical need for electricity, such as those with sleep apnea or oxygen-dependent patients. However, the program's requirements have come under scrutiny in light of cases like Randon's. The Public Utility Commission of Texas is currently reviewing Randon's case, looking into whether the program's requirements are too strict and whether utility companies are doing enough to assist their vulnerable customers. "We take cases like Mrs. Randon's very seriously," said Public Utility Commission Chairman DeAnn Walker. "It is our responsibility to ensure that vulnerable Texans are protected and have access to the resources they need to stay healthy and safe." Randon's situation is not unique. According to the Texas Council on Utility Costs, the number of low-income Texans who have had their electricity cut off has increased in recent years, even as the state's economy has improved. This has raised concerns among advocates for low-income and vulnerable populations, who worry that the current system is failing those who need it most. "We need to do more to ensure that Texans have access to affordable, reliable electricity," said Tim Morstad, Associate State Director of Advocacy for AARP Texas. "No one should be forced to choose between their health and their basic needs like electricity." Until the Public Utility Commission completes its review, Randon and other vulnerable Texans will have to navigate the complex and often confusing system of utility bills, payment assistance programs, and critical care requirements in order to keep their lights on and their medical equipment running. "It shouldn't be this hard," said Randon. "I'm just trying to fight for my life."