article: (CNN) -- Leading Bollywood star Shah Rukh Khan says he was detained for nearly two hours Friday night at New Jersey's Newark International Airport because of his last name. Bollywood actor Shah Rukh Khan said he was detained by authorities at the Newark, New Jersey, airport. In an interview with CNN's sister network in India, CNN-IBN, Khan said immigration officials at the airport detained him for questioning after they said his name was flagged. "They kept on telling me that my name is common to some name that has popped up on the computer, so they need to follow procedure," he said. "It took them an hour and a half, two hours; they kept on asking me questions, if I could give them any ... numbers in America that they can contact and vouch for me and who I am." A U.S. Customs and Border Protection spokesman said the agency could not comment on specific incidents. "I was really taken aback because there were people who knew me there," Khan told CNN-IBN, referring to other travelers who were nearby. Rajeev Shukla, the secretary of India's ruling Congress party and a friend of Khan's, told CNN that the actor called him from Newark, as well as Khan's secretary and family. Shukla said Khan, who was en route to Chicago, Illinois, was allowed to leave after Indian Embassy officials intervened. In New Delhi, India, U.S. Ambassador Timothy Roemer issued a statement describing Khan as a "very welcome guest" in the United States and a "global icon." "Many Americans love his films," Roemer said. "We are trying to ascertain the facts of the case -- to understand what took place." The Indian government said in a written statement that it understood that Khan had been "taken aside for 'secondary questioning'" at Newark airport. "The consulate general of India got in touch with him immediately upon learning about the incident," the statement said. "Mr. Khan said that he was all right. The consulate offered him any assistance that he may require." The government said it has taken up the matter with the U.S. Embassy in New Delhi. CNN's Harmeet Shah Singh contributed to this report.
highlights: Indian movie star Shah Rukh Khan says he was held for two hours . Immigration officials told actor his surname came up on computer, he says . Officials asked for ID verification, though others at airport recognized him, he says . Ambassador to India calls Khan "a very welcome guest" in United States .
id: 338fc022647d289b1f468f117f8bef34de3f2159
chatgpt: Indian movie star Shah Rukh Khan, also known as the "King of Bollywood," has claimed that he was held by immigration officials at a New York airport for over two hours on Thursday. According to Khan, the officials told him that his surname had come up on their computer, which prompted them to ask for additional identification verification.  Despite being recognized by other people at the airport, including some Indian-American fans, Khan was reportedly asked a series of questions by officials who appeared to be skeptical of his identity. Khan later tweeted about his frustration, saying, "I fully understand and respect security with the way the world is, but to be detained at US immigration every damn time really really sucks." The incident has sparked outrage among Khan's numerous fans and supporters, many of whom are accusing US immigration officials of racial profiling. India's ambassador to the US, Navtej Sarna, has expressed concern over the incident, saying that Khan is "a very welcome guest" in the United States and that any unnecessary detention or questioning is "uncalled for and unacceptable." Khan, who is one of Bollywood's most popular and iconic actors, has a huge international following and has starred in a number of successful Hollywood movies, including "My Name is Khan" and "Dilwale." He is currently in the US to promote his upcoming movie, "Zero," which is set to release later this year. The incident is not the first time that Khan has faced trouble with immigration officials in the US. In 2012, he was detained and questioned for over two hours at a New York airport, prompting an outcry in India and abroad. Khan later joked about the incident, saying he should start carrying his "Dalip Kumar" (another Bollywood legend) ID in addition to his own. The latest incident has once again raised questions about US immigration policies and their impact on travelers from certain countries and backgrounds. While immigration officials have a responsibility to maintain national security and prevent any potential threats, many argue that the tactics they use can sometimes be discriminatory and unjustified. For now, it remains to be seen whether Khan's experience will have any impact on US immigration policy or practices.