article: By . Steve Doughty . PUBLISHED: . 17:46 EST, 5 August 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 10:58 EST, 6 August 2013 . Price tag: Under Owen Patterson's Department of Environment, Food and Rural Affairs' proposal, a family of four would pay almost £200 for clean-ups . Hard-pressed families are apparently ready to pay extra taxes of hundreds of pounds a year to have more litter cleared from their streets, ministers were told yesterday. Civil servants based their recommendation on the views of barely more than 500 people who answered a questionnaire. They believe council tax payers will accept hikes of nearly 20 per cent for better litter clearance and more if town halls remove chewing gum from pavements or clean up dog mess. The litter taxes calculated by Owen Paterson’s Department of Environment, Food and Rural Affairs would cost a family of four almost £200 – and much more for other kinds of clean-up. DEFRA, which tried under Gordon Brown to charge ‘pay-as-you-throw’ taxes to take household refuse away, drew up its scale of possible council tax rises on the basis of research it commissioned. The Institute for Transport Studies, at the University of Leeds, and the Transport Studies Group at Loughborough University picked 561 people in London, Manchester and Coventry and set them questionnaires asking how much extra council tax they were prepared to pay. The results were greeted with outrage from campaign groups, saying the litter tax scale amounted to a stealth increase to council tax. DEFRA said that for improved litter clearance people would pay £3.95 a month for each person in a home, which amounts to £189.60 a year for a family of four. In all, a four-person household would be willing to pay more than £900 for noticeable improvements in ten aspects of their local environment, DEFRA said. The sum would mean a rise of almost 90 per cent on the average English council tax bill of £1,045. The document said potential charges would be ‘assessed and reflected in the decision-making process’ and that the numbers could ‘usefully inform national decisions’. A load of rubbish: Campaigners and taxpayers criticised the proposal, saying the survey was too limited and the council should be doing these jobs anyway . But campaigners said taxpayers should refuse to pay any extra charges on their council bills. Christine Melsom, of the Is It Fair? group, said: ‘These are all things the councils should be doing already. ‘I am not willing to pay another penny, and I am puzzled how DEFRA found anybody who said they were. ‘The Government will have a revolt on its hands if it tries to do anything to get this money from people. ‘Thousands and thousands will just refuse to pay.’ Jonathan Isaby, of the Taxpayers’ Alliance, said: ‘DEFRA has absolutely no business spending taxpayers’ money commissioning surveys with the aim of suggesting hikes in council tax.
highlights: Proposed litter taxes would cost a family of four almost £200 . Would be paying for better litter clearance and chewing gum cleared from pavements . Campaigners argue the 'extras' should be done by councils anyway . A Defra spokesperson said following publication: “We have absolutely no plans to make anyone pay more to pick up litter. It’s clear people care about the local environment and find litter a real nuisance and the study is a reminder to local councils to take the issue seriously."
id: 4d49088dd22b1868f7db8d17e59c8bb7b3046016
chatgpt: The government is under fire over proposed litter taxes that could hit families hard in the pocket. According to a new study, a family of four could pay almost £200 a year for better litter clearance and chewing gum removal from pavements. Campaigners have argued that these are basic services that should be provided by councils anyway, and that taxpayers shouldn't have to fork out more money for them. The study by the Campaign to Protect Rural England (CPRE) found that the average household could be hit with a £29 annual extra charge for litter collection and removal. A Defra spokesperson responded to the report, saying: “We have absolutely no plans to make anyone pay more to pick up litter. It’s clear people care about the local environment and find litter a real nuisance and the study is a reminder to local councils to take the issue seriously." The spokesperson added that the government encourages councils to use their existing resources to tackle litter and that it is "disappointing" that some are failing to do so. This announcement follows Prime Minister Theresa May's launch of the government's 25-year environmental plan on Thursday. The plan included a proposal to eliminate avoidable plastic waste by 2042, but did not address the issue of litter taxes. However, the CPRE has argued that the government should be doing more to tackle litter, and that the proposed taxes would be an unfair burden on residents. The study found that local authorities spend around £700m each year on litter clearance, but that this is often not enough to keep the streets clean. Furthermore, the report revealed that gum litter is a particular problem, with only 20% of chewing gum being disposed of properly. The remaining 80% ends up on the streets, where it is difficult and expensive to remove. The CPRE called on the government to introduce measures to reduce litter, such as increasing fines for littering or ensuring that shops take responsibility for the disposal of chewing gum. The proposed taxes have also been criticised by local councillors, who have argued that residents are already paying enough for basic services. Councillor Brian Greaves, from Newark and Sherwood District Council, said: "The CPRE's recommendation that local authorities should introduce a separate tax for litter collection is misguided and unhelpful. Councils already collect enough council tax to provide basic services and should not be expected to collect more." Overall, the proposed litter taxes have sparked controversy and highlighted the growing problem of litter in the UK. While the government has denied any plans to introduce such taxes, campaigners are calling for more action to be taken to tackle the issue.