article: (CNN)Ian Foster learned how to drive when he was six years old. Growing up on a farm in Northern Ireland, he would help his father herd cattle on a motorcycle, going up and down a mountain close to his parents' home. For the 50-year-old Hong Kong based architect, this sparked a lifelong motoring passion, and today he owns a collection of 40 classic cars and 130 motorcycles. Even though Foster's day job entails designing master-plans for cities and big resorts in China, he managed to devote enough time to his hobby to create a classic car museum, housed in former sheds of his parents' farmhouse in Northern Ireland. "When I buy or when I'm looking at new cars, there's got to be something that I'm passionate about -- maybe the age of the car, maybe I remember a movie or when my father had it when I was a youngster. My collection is based on that, not necessarily a collectible car," he says. The most prized possession Foster acquired in his 25 years of collecting is a rare Belfast-made DeLorean DMC 12. It has a right hand drive, and Fosters says it is one of only 12 ever made. "I can remember when I was 14, coming back from rugby practice and seeing the two test cars going through my local town, and always wanting to have one of those cars, thinking one day I'll have that car," he recalls. For the past three years, this architect with a serious penchant for automotive history has been the chairman of Classic Car Club Hong Kong, and has also been researching a book on the first 100 years of motoring in the city. "I've been collecting photos, old stories, stepping through the decades," he says. There is however, one car that he would still like to add to his impressive collection: "If I could afford it, I would like an Aston Martin from the 1990s."
highlights: Architect Ian Foster has amassed a huge classic car collection . He owns 40 cars and 130 motorcycles . Foster has also opened a classic car museum in his native Northern Ireland .
id: 9660f43aca6d019e44e2771757252f9d37210d9a
chatgpt: Renowned architect Ian Foster has already made a name for himself in the field of design, but his passion for classic cars and motorcycles is equally impressive. With a collection that includes 40 cars and 130 motorcycles, Foster is quickly becoming a force to be reckoned with in the classic car community.  Born and raised in Northern Ireland, Foster has always had a love for vintage vehicles. Over the years, he has acquired an impressive array of cars, ranging from iconic muscle cars to sleek European roadsters. His collection also includes a number of rare motorcycles, with models dating back to the early 1900s.  In addition to his own personal collection, Foster has also opened a classic car museum in his native Northern Ireland. The museum, which opened in 2018, features an impressive selection of vintage cars and motorcycles from around the world. Visitors to the museum can view a range of classic vehicles, from early 20th century models to more recent classics from the 1960s and 70s.  With Foster's vast knowledge of classic cars, visitors to the museum can expect a unique and informative experience. Foster's collection includes a number of significant vehicles, such as a 1955 Porsche Speedster and a 1962 Ferrari 250 GT. Both cars are considered to be among the most valuable and coveted classics in the world.  Despite the high value of his cars and motorcycles, Foster insists that he does not view them as investments. Instead, he sees them as works of art and historical artifacts that should be preserved for future generations. He takes great care in maintaining his collection, and has even gone so far as to restore some of the motorcycles himself.  Foster's classic car museum is quickly gaining popularity among collectors and enthusiasts alike. With its impressive selection of vintage vehicles and dedication to preserving automotive history, the museum is a must-visit destination for anyone with an interest in classic cars and motorcycles. And with Foster's passion for these incredible vehicles, visitors are sure to come away with a new appreciation for the artistry and engineering that went into creating these automotive masterpieces.