article: Los Angeles (CNN) -- A great white shark was responsible for killing a surfer in Southern California this week, authorities said Wednesday. Officials released a photo showing marks from the shark's teeth on the bottom of a surf board. "The shark in this tragic incident has been positively identified as a 15- to 16-foot great white shark," the Santa Barbara Sheriff's Office said in a statement. A shark researcher made the determination after examining the body of Francisco Javier Solorio Jr., who was bitten on the left side of his upper torso Tuesday, the statement said. The shark attacked when the 39-year-old was riding waves with three friends off a beach at Vandenberg Air Force Base. One of the friends saw the attack, swam over and pulled Solorio out of the water and onto the beach, Sgt. Mark Williams with the sheriff's office said. The friend gave him first aid while another called for help, he said. Paramedics pronounced Solorio dead at the scene, the sheriff's office said. In October 2010, another shark attack killed a 19-year-old college student off the same beach at Vandenberg. That shark, described as being 14 to 20 feet, bit off the left leg of Lucas McKaine Ransom of Romoland, California, while he was Boogie Boarding with a 20-year-old male friend, authorities said. Ransom was a junior at University of California at Santa Barbara and was majoring in chemical engineering. Surf Beach is one of three that sit on the coastal military base and is the only one open to the public, a military spokesman said Tuesday. Solorio, who was from Orcutt, just two miles from Vandenberg, wasn't affiliated with the military base, said a Vandenberg spokeswoman. Opinion: Even after attacks, sharks need protection . CNN's Amanda Watts, Michael Martinez and Diahann Reyes contributed to this report.
highlights: The great white shark was at least 15 feet long, officials say . Authorities release a photo showing teeth marks on a surf board . 39-year-old Francisco Javier Solorio died in the attack . Four friends were riding waves off Surf Beach at Vandenberg Air Force Base .
id: 7f3f598a368b095f19c2f1c7a3580daf8c5d5621
chatgpt: A great white shark measuring at least 15 feet long has been blamed for the death of a 39-year-old surfer who was attacked off Surf Beach at Vandenberg Air Force Base. Francisco Javier Solorio, a seasoned surfer from Orcutt, California, was surfing with four friends on Friday morning when the attack occurred. According to authorities, the shark attacked Solorio, leaving teeth marks on his surfboard. Despite the efforts of his friends and emergency personnel, Solorio suffered fatal injuries in the attack.  "This is a tragedy for the family and friends of Francisco Solorio, and our sympathies go out to them," said Colonel Gregory Vandeven, 30th Space Wing commander, in a statement. "We are committed to ensuring beach safety, and we're deeply saddened by this incident." The attack occurred just after 10am on Friday morning, while the four friends were riding waves off Surf Beach. They reported seeing a large shark in the area just minutes before Solorio was attacked. The beach was immediately closed following the incident, and signs were posted warning beachgoers of the danger. Officials have advised anyone who sees a shark in the area to notify authorities immediately. While shark attacks are relatively rare, they do occur from time to time. According to the International Shark Attack File, there were 64 unprovoked shark attacks worldwide in 2019, with five of those resulting in fatalities. The US was responsible for the majority of those attacks, with 41 reported cases. Authorities are reminding surfers and swimmers to exercise caution when entering the water and to be aware of their surroundings at all times. They advise against swimming alone, especially in areas known for shark sightings, and suggest using a buddy system to help protect yourself from potential shark attacks.