article: By . Chris Waugh for MailOnline . Follow @@ChrisDHWaugh . Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal has defended his decision to put his faith in youngsters against Swansea City last week - by telling Gary Neville it has always worked for him in the past. Having endured a 2-1 defeat in his first Premier League match in charge at Old Trafford last weekend with a team containing Jesse Lingard and Tyler Blackett, Van Gaal remains confident he will succeed. The Dutchman remains undeterred by the result and will continue to utilise the youngsters he has at his disposal in his United squad, just as he has done at Ajax and Bayern Munich previously. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Louis van Gaal say he went from king to devil in two weeks . Philosophy: Manchester United manager has insisted he will stick with his ideals and play the youngsters . Questioning: Gary Neville (pictured) interviewed Van Gaal for The Telegraph and asked him about his philosophy . True to form: Van Gaal has always played the youngsters at every single club he has been at in the past . When questioned by Neville for an interview in The Telegraph, Van Gaal responded that his 'philosophy' was to play with kids. The Dutchman said: 'I actually played with 17-year-old players in a (Champions League) final (for Ajax). 'So don't say to me that youngsters cannot play football. When you are fitting in a philosophy you can do a lot. 'And of course Seedorf was playing at 17 in a final. And Seedorf was a fantastic player. (Patrick) Kluivert was 18 - and he scored a goal (the winner in the final against AC Milan).' United and Van Gaal travel to the Stadium of Light to face Sunderland on Sunday in their first Premier League away match of the season. Youth: Van Gaal (right) lifted the Champions League trophy with youngsters at Ajax in 1995 (left) Bright spark: Van Gaal played Patrick Kluivert at Ajax and she scored the winner in a Champions League final . Revelation: Clarence Seedorf (left) was also given his breakthrough by Van Gaal while he was at Ajax . New man: Tyler Blackett was played in central defence by Louis van Gaal last weekend against Swansea City . Appearance: Jesse Lingard (right) also started the match at Old Trafford for Manchester United last weekend .
highlights: Van Gaal defends his decision to play youngsters against Swansea last week . He told Neville in an interview for The Telegraph that it is his 'philosophy' United succumbed to a 2-1 defeat in Van Gaal's first match at Old Trafford . Youngsters Jesse Lingard and Tyler Blackett played for United last week . Van Gaal: 'when you are fitting (youngsters) in a philosophy you can do lots' United travel to the Stadium of Light to face Sunderland on Sunday .
id: 5e85d8ccdb0e63d2f7e60e94e6a0a038025d51c9
chatgpt: Manchester United manager, Louis van Gaal, has defended his controversial decision to play young talents, Jesse Lingard and Tyler Blackett, in their first match against Swansea last week. In an interview with The Telegraph, he stated that it is his "philosophy" to integrate and develop young players, regardless of the match's outcome. Despite United's 2-1 defeat at Old Trafford in Van Gaal's first match, the Dutch coach remains steadfast in his belief that youth integration is essential to the success of his team. "When you are fitting in young players, you can do lots," he said. "If you have the quality, then it's not a problem." Lingard, a 22-year-old winger, who was widely touted as the 'man of the match', and Blackett, a 20-year-old central defender, both delivered impressive performances, despite the defeat. Van Gaal praised the young players for their attitude and athleticism, stating that "they showed that they can play at the highest level, in the biggest stadium in the world." Despite criticism from some fans and media pundits, Van Gaal remains resolute in his decision to prioritise youth development. He believes that with sustained support and resources, United's academy graduates could become a formidable squad in the near future. United's next match is against Sunderland at the Stadium of Light on Sunday. The pressure is on Van Gaal to field a stronger team, after their opening defeat against Swansea. There is speculation that senior players, including Michael Carrick and Adnan Januzaj, who missed the Swansea match due to injury, will return to the starting line-up. Sunderland, whose last season was marked with relegation fears, managed to secure a 2-2 draw with West Bromwich Albion in their opening match, thanks to a brace from Dutch striker, Jeremain Lens. United, who finished fourth in last Premier League season, will be eager to secure a win to appease their disgruntled fans and prove that their youth integration strategy can produce results. Van Gaal's decision to stand by his philosophy and continue to play young talents will be closely watched by fans and critics alike. Only time will tell if his vision for a youth-led squad will prove successful.