article: (CNN)In 1985, Meng Weina set up China's first private special needs school in the southern city of Guangzhou. As a single mother she was motivated to help those who are often overlooked by the country's health care system and stigmatized by society. From her first center in Guangzhou, Weina now has Hui Ling operations in a dozen cities across China providing a range of services, from kindergartens and primary schools to youth workshops and adult residential homes. The expansion of the donation-funded NGO shows not just the success of the Weina's vision but the desperate need for mental health care provision in China. "We estimate that only 10% of people with intellectual disabilities in China are receiving some kind of care or help," said Weina. According to a 2009 study published in British medical journal The Lancet, around 173 million Chinese suffer from a mental disorder. However there are only 20,000 psychiatrists, equaling 1.5 for each 100,000 people, or a tenth of the ratio in the United States. Mental health legislation . Last year saw the introduction of China's first mental health legislation, which took a reported 27 years to pass. Among the changes from the law are new financing initiatives for mental health services and training for primary care-givers. Perhaps the most significant was a new set of rights for patients, including not being hospitalized against their will. Negative perceptions of those with metal health problems are often portrayed in the media in China; they are either victims or perpetrators of violence. Weina knows that each individual that comes to a Hui Ling center has their own set of needs and unique personality, and helping bring out their best encourages her to keep working. "I wanted to do something to make my life worth while," said Weina. "When I see the smiles on their faces, when I see that these adults are truly happy to be at Hui Ling, that for me is the happiest moment."
highlights: Meng Weina set up first private special needs school in China . From the first center in Guangzhou there are now Hui Ling operations in a dozen Chinese cities . Only one in ten people with mental health issues receives care, suggests Weina .
id: 06fa42943b9b622de14ac36d66ab6d1c57f4b043
chatgpt: Meng Weina, a renowned educator and philanthropist, has set up the first private special needs school in China. Her pioneering work in the field has led to the establishment of Hui Ling operations in a dozen Chinese cities. In a country where only one in ten people with mental health issues receive care, Meng’s work has helped to improve the lives of countless families. Meng's journey began when she realized that there was a serious lack of support for children with disabilities in the Chinese education system. She set out to create a school that would provide these children with a safe and nurturing environment where they could learn and grow. The first Hui Ling center opened its doors in Guangzhou in 1997 and quickly became a success. Over the years, Meng expanded her operations and opened new centers in cities across China. Today, Hui Ling provides educational and therapeutic services to over 1,200 children with special needs. For Meng, this work is more than just a job. It’s a calling. She is passionate about helping children with disabilities and empowering them to reach their full potential. “Every child deserves the chance to learn and grow,” she says. “Our mission is to provide that opportunity to as many children as possible.” The impact of Meng's work has been significant. Families who once felt isolated and alone in their struggles have found a community where their children are embraced and supported. Children who may have been overlooked in the past are now receiving the education and care they need to thrive. Despite the progress that has been made, Meng knows there is still much work to be done. She is committed to continuing her efforts to improve the lives of people with disabilities in China. By raising awareness and advocating for change, she hopes to create a world where everyone is treated with dignity and respect, regardless of their abilities. Meng Weina's work has inspired many in China and beyond. She has shown that with dedication and perseverance, we can make a real difference in the lives of those around us. As she continues to break down barriers and create a more inclusive society, she serves as a shining example of what can be accomplished when we work together for the common good.