article: Los Angeles (CNN) -- Belvedere Vodka executives quickly apologized for an ad posted online that showed a smiling man grabbing a woman, who appeared to be in fear, from behind. "Unlike some people, Belvedere always goes down smoothly," the ad's caption read. It drew hundreds of negative comments after it appeared Friday on the company's Facebook page, with many suggesting it appeared to depict a rape. Belvedere Vodka marketing Senior Vice President Jason Lundy posted an apology on the page Friday afternoon, saying the ad also offended "the people who work here at Belvedere." "The post is absolutely inconsistent with our values and beliefs and in addition to removing the offensive post we are committed to making sure that something like this doesn't happen again," Lundy said. Company President Charles Gibb added his apology in a posting Saturday. "It should never have happened," Gibb said. "I am currently investigating the matter to determine how this happened and to be sure it never does so again. The content is contrary to our values and we deeply regret this lapse." The company's apology included a donation to RAINN -- the Rape, Abuse and Incest National Network -- "as an expression of our regret," Gibb said. RAINN posted on its Facebook page that when Gibb called the group he was "profusely apologetic" and "offered to make a generous donation to RAINN to support our work to help victims of sexual violence and educate the public." The apology appeared to be accepted. "Nice to see a company that not only undoes its mistake but looks for a way to do good afterwards," RAINN's post said. CNN's Elwyn Lopez contributed to this report.
highlights: "Unlike some people, Belvedere always goes down smoothly," the ad's caption says . Belvedere Vodka exec calls the ad "absolutely inconsistent with our values" Vodka company vows to investigate how it was posted . Anti-rape group accepts Belvedere's apology and donation .
id: 41abd073762c14902c9484b6aac206757345d1b0
chatgpt: Belvedere Vodka found themselves in hot water after a recent ad received swift backlash online. The ad, which featured a smirking man grabbing a distressed woman from behind, included the caption "Unlike some people, Belvedere always goes down smoothly." Upon seeing the ad, many internet users were quick to criticize the brand for trivializing sexual assault. "This is disgusting and absolutely unacceptable," one Twitter user wrote. "You should be ashamed of yourselves." In response to the backlash, the execs at Belvedere Vodka quickly issued a statement distancing themselves from the ad. "We are deeply sorry for the offensive and sexist ad that was recently posted online," the statement read. "This ad is absolutely inconsistent with our values and we are investigating how it was posted." Belvedere Vodka also pledged to make a donation to an anti-rape organization as a way of making amends. The anti-rape group in question, RAINN, accepted the apology and thanked the vodka company for taking swift action. "We appreciate Belvedere's sincerity and their willingness to make things right," a spokesperson for RAINN said. "We are hopeful that this incident will serve as a reminder to other brands that trivializing sexual assault is never acceptable." It remains unclear who was responsible for creating and posting the offensive ad. Some have speculated that the ad may have been posted by a rogue social media intern, while others have suggested that it may have been an intentional marketing ploy gone awry. The investigation into the matter is ongoing. Regardless of who is ultimately found to be responsible, it is clear that Belvedere Vodka learned an important lesson about the importance of sensitivity and social responsibility in advertising. As the brand's spokesperson noted, "We take this matter very seriously and will do everything in our power to ensure that offensive ads like this never see the light of day again."