article: A North Dakota couple was joyfully reunited with their 3-year-old little boy in the early morning Tuesday after several frantic hours of search and it's all thanks to their farm dog Cooper. Carson Urness had been playing outside in the chilly early spring all day Monday when his mother Courtney went to bring him in for dinner. But when the toddler was nowhere to be found, it kicked off an hours-long manhunt that ended like the most heartwarming of Lassie tales. Panic: Carson Urness disappeared from his North Dakota front yard Monday and a 200-person manhunt ensued...but his rescue came down to just a single dog . Vanished: Carson had been playing outside all day. But when his mom went out to take him in for dinner, he was gone . 'I lost it I guess you could say,' Courtney Urness told WDAY from her expansive family farm in Cooperstown. Though it was May, it was sure to get cold at night in rural North Dakota. The only thing keeping the young mom remotely calm was the knowledge her dog was missing along with little Carson. 'You think of the worst, but then I knew Cooper was gone. If anyone was going to find him, they'd just have to find Cooper,' Courtney said. A team of 200 family and friend volunteers, a search plane and a search dog were enlisted to find Carson as the sun soon set over Cooperstown. Courtney (left) and Brock Urness were in full on panic mode Monday night, stretching into early Tuesday morning, as a huge manhunt for their toddler son unsued . As the evening dragged past midnight into early morning and just as things became desperate, Carson was found. 'He was a mile away,' said Carson's flummoxed father Brock. Laying on top of the boy in the cold night, firemen found the dog the Urness's rescued as a puppy now rescuing Carson. 'Great dog. I just didn't realize that he would actually be keeping him warm and protecting him,' Courtney said. Her husband agreed: 'I was really proud of him.' Hero: Carson was found with Cooper keeping him warm a mile from home in the early morning hours Tuesday. Rescued as a puppy by the Urness family, the pooch took the opportunity to do some saving himself this time .
highlights: Carson Urness walked away from his North Dakota farmhouse Monday night . His frantic mother called 911 and a 200-man search ensued . The toddler was found at 2am far from home underneath his dog turned hero Cooper, who was keeping him warm .
id: b5c18f792646578873deee754e2de8b265740e93
chatgpt: Carson Urness, a two-year-old boy from North Dakota, left his farmhouse on Monday night and went missing, prompting a frantic search by about 200 people. Carson's mother called 911 after she realized her son had wandered off. The search continued well into the night, with no luck in finding the child. The next morning, at around 2 a.m., the search party finally found Carson. But what was surprising was where they found him. The young boy was discovered, thankfully unharmed, near a creek bed, about a mile from his home. But it wasn't just Carson whom the search party found under the dark skies of North Dakota. Carson was found beneath his family's golden retriever, Cooper. The dog had been lying on top of the toddler, keeping him warm throughout the night. Carson's mother, Courtney, said that Cooper is "a golden hero." Carson's parents were overjoyed when they were reunited with their son, and relieved he was safe and unharmed. Carson's dad, Brock, said that finding his son was like "winning the lottery." According to Courtney, Carson and Cooper have a special bond, and it was not unusual for the pair to play together. The family is incredibly thankful that Cooper was able to keep Carson safe and warm during the cold night. They said that they have always known that Cooper was a special dog, but this experience was truly something else. Carson's story has warmed the hearts of many, and it serves as a reminder that our furry friends can be more than just pets. They can also be heroes. The North Dakota search party was grateful for the happy ending, and the fact that Carson was reunited with his family, and that Cooper was able to be a hero. The search party said that this story was one they will not forget anytime soon. Carson's parents expressed their gratitude for the many people who volunteered their time and efforts to help find their son. They said that it was a community effort and that they are grateful for the love and support they received. In the end, Carson's adventure had a good outcome. The community came together to locate the young boy, and his furry friend Cooper kept him safe and warm until help arrived. Carson will likely remember his nighttime adventure for years to come, but he'll always have his faithful and heroic dog Cooper to thank for keeping him safe.