article: (CNN)  -- New Zealand warmed up for their Tri-Nations decider against Australia with a 101-14 rout of Samoa in a one-off rugby union Test on Wednesday in New Plymouth, running in 15 tries. Conrad Smith touches down for one of his two tries in the All Blacks win. Fullback Mils Muliaina scored three tries in the first half, center Conrad Smith and winger Richard Kahui touched down twice and nine other players added their names to the New Zealand scoresheet as the All Blacks beat a weakened Samoan team by a record margin. New Zealand led 47-7, seven tries to one, at halftime and added eight tries, including a penalty try, in the second spell to surpass their highest score against Samoa. The All Blacks had a 26-0 lead after 16 minutes and set their record score against Samoa -- surpassing the 71-13 in 1999 -- despite being held scoreless for periods of 18 minutes in the first half and 10 minutes in the second. It was the fifth time New Zealand had reached 100 points in a match, with the All Blacks' record being the 145-17 win over Japan at the 1995 World Cup. Samoa was forced to pick a severely under-strength side because many of its leading and most-experienced players are involved with European club sides. Most of the players who took the field Wednesday were young and Samoa-based and playing against the All Blacks for the first time. Although outgunned by an All Blacks team which overwhelmingly controlled territory and possession, Samoa played with great spirit and scored a try in each half. Flyhalf Uale Mai scored and converted his own try after 28 minutes and flanker Alafoti Faosiliva touched down off a break by Uale Mai four minutes before fulltime. "What can you say? 100 points," Samoa captain Filipo Levi said. "It shows the All Blacks are on fire at the moment. They've showed in the Tri-Nations competition that they're a very consistent team. "For some of our boys it was a big step up from playing club rugby in Samoa but, having said that, it was a big learning curve." Flyhalf Daniel Carter converted six of the All Blacks' first-half tries, surpassing 2,000 points in first-class rugby, and his replacement Stephen Donald scored his first Test try and converted seven of New Zealand's eight second-half tries. The match was scheduled to help the All Blacks bridge the three-week gap between their most recent Tri-Nations clash with South Africa and their next, against Australia, at Brisbane on September 13. The Brisbane match will decide the outcome of the Tri-Nations tournament. Copyright 2008 CNN. All rights reserved.This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press contributed to this report.
highlights: New Zealand rout Samao 101-14 in rugby union Test in New Plymouth . All Blacks run in 15 tries as they warm up for Tri-Nations decider against Australia . Flyhalf Dan Carter passes 2,000 first class points during match .
id: b67b63d1da9cccd6e229d5755065d57dd1653feb
chatgpt: New Zealand completely dominated Samoa in their latest rugby union Test, winning 101-14 in a one-sided affair in New Plymouth on Friday. The All Blacks ran in an astonishing 15 tries, showcasing their sheer dominance and class over their opponents. Coming off a comprehensive victory against Argentina last week, the All Blacks seemed to have hit top gear just in time for the upcoming Tri-Nations decider against fierce rivals Australia. This victory against Samoa will certainly have boosted their morale and confidence as they aim to claim the Tri-Nations title. One of the highlights of the match was flyhalf Dan Carter's milestone achievement of passing 2,000 first-class points during the match. The legendary All Black is widely regarded as one of the greatest of all time and this milestone only adds to his already impressive career achievements. The All Blacks were quick to get off the mark, scoring two tries within the first six minutes of the game. They continued to pile on the points, stretching their lead well beyond Samoa's reach. By halftime, the scoreline read 50-0 in favor of the home team. Samoa finally managed to get on the scoreboard in the second half, but it was merely a consolation as the All Blacks continued to add to their already impressive tally. In total, they scored 15 tries, including a spectacular hat-trick by winger Caleb Clarke, who looks set to be a star of the future. Speaking after the match, All Blacks coach Ian Foster was understandably delighted with his team's performance. "We wanted to come out here and put in a good performance and that's exactly what we did. The boys were clinical and efficient, and we scored some incredible tries. It's the kind of performance that will give us a lot of confidence heading into the Tri-Nations decider against Australia." The All Blacks will now shift their focus towards their grudge match against Australia, which promises to be a fiercely contested affair. The two teams have a storied and intense rivalry, and both will be desperate to come out on top and claim the Tri-Nations title. Overall, this was a commanding and dominant performance from the All Blacks, who demonstrated why they are considered one of the best rugby teams in the world. The fans will be hoping for more of the same when they take on Australia in a few weeks' time.