article: By . John Hall . Amazon is serious about using drones to deliver items to its customers, and is close to developing the technology to make it a reality, the company's CEO has claimed. In his annual letter to shareholders, which was made public yesterday, Jeff Bezos gave an update on the Seattle-based company's achievements in 2013 - including a reference to drone development. Bezos said testing of '5th and 6th generation aerial vehicles' was currently underway, adding that more drones - perhaps the models that will be put into active service - were in the design phase. Future: Amazon's Prime Air project is described as 'a new delivery system that will get packages into customers' hands in 30 minutes or less using unmanned aerial vehicles' Bezos made reference to a Amazon's 'Prime Air' team carrying out the drone testing during his letter to shareholders. Amazon describes Prime Air as 'a new delivery system that will get packages into customers' hands in 30 minutes or less using unmanned aerial vehicles'. Ongoing: Jeff Bezos said Amazon is continuing to develop and test technology for delivery drones . Earlier in the letter, Bezos said Amazon had made dramatic improvements to its delivery service in 2013 - including offering Sunday delivery in selected U.S. cities, introducing 'last mile' delivery networks in the U.K., and employing bike couriers in countries where deliveries could be slowed down by postal difficulties, such as China and India. He then added: 'And there is more invention to come. The Prime Air team is already flight testing our 5th and 6th generation aerial vehicles, and we are in the design phase on generations 7 and 8.' This brief reference to Prime Air has been enough to lead to renewed speculation over when customers can expect to have their items delivered by drone. A recent court ruling removed one not-insignificant obstacle in Amazon's quest, by removing the  Federal Aviation Administration's authority to ban small unmanned aircraft being flown over U.S. airspace for commercial purposes. This effectively gave businesses the right to fly small drones for the purposes of professional photography, journalism or farmland surveying. It also, theoretically, allows Amazon to introduce a drone-based delivery service. On their way: Jeff Bezos said testing of '5th and 6th generation aerial vehicles' was currently underway, adding that more drones - perhaps the models that will be put into active service - were in the design phase . In his letter to shareholders, Bezos remained realistic about the chances of Prime Air testing turning into an fully-fledged delivery service, however. 'Failure comes part and . parcel with invention. It’s not optional', he said. Bezos went on to explain that Amazon would continuing working on drones 'until we get it right' and it becomes 'something that is really working for . customers.' '[At that point] we double-down on it with hopes to turn it into an even . bigger success', Bezos added.
highlights: Jeff Bezos said Amazon is testing and developing drone technology . He was addressing shareholders in annual letter, which is now public . CEO said 5th and 6th generation 'aerial vehicles' were being tested . Bezos added that generations 7 and 8 are still in the design phase . Letter comes after a court ruling allowed use of commercial drones .
id: 11e40419f161d41ea8b83dd9aeb660c9b3da5dbd
chatgpt: Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos has announced that the company is currently testing and developing drone technology, according to his annual letter to shareholders which was made public yesterday. In the letter, Bezos stated that the company is currently testing its 5th and 6th generation "aerial vehicles", with the 7th and 8th generations still in the design phase. This announcement comes in the wake of a recent court ruling which has allowed for the use of commercial drones. The ruling is seen as a significant step forward for companies such as Amazon, who have long been interested in the potential uses of drone technology. In his letter, Bezos stated that the development of drone technology is an important part of Amazon's future plans. He explained that drones could play a significant role in the company's goal of providing faster and more efficient delivery to its customers. "We are very excited about the potential for drone technology to revolutionize the way that we deliver packages to our customers," Bezos wrote in the letter. "We have been working on this technology for some time now, and we believe that we are making significant progress towards our goals." Bezos went on to explain that the development of drone technology involves a great deal of experimentation and testing. He said that the company is constantly testing new designs and configurations, in order to find the most effective and efficient approach to drone delivery. Despite the many challenges involved in the development of drone technology, Bezos remains optimistic about the potential for this technology to change the way that Amazon operates. He pointed out that the use of drones would allow the company to deliver packages much faster than traditional shipping methods, which would be a huge benefit for customers. "Imagine ordering a product and having it delivered to your doorstep just a few hours later," Bezos wrote. "This is the kind of delivery experience that we are working towards, and we believe that it is possible with the help of drone technology." In his letter, Bezos did not provide any specific details about when Amazon's drone delivery service would be launched, or what kind of products it would be used for. However, he did make it clear that the development of the technology is a top priority for the company. The use of drones for commercial purposes has been a topic of much debate in recent years, with many people concerned about the safety and privacy implications of this technology. However, with this recent court ruling allowing for the use of commercial drones, it seems likely that companies such as Amazon will continue to invest in the development of this technology. Overall, Bezos' letter to shareholders is a clear indication that Amazon is committed to pursuing the use of drone technology for delivery purposes. While there are still many challenges to overcome in the development of this technology, there is little doubt that it has the potential to revolutionize the way that packages are delivered around the world.