article: SEOUL, South Korea (CNN)    -- Tens of thousands of South Koreans were demonstrating Saturday on the streets of the capital to protest the government's decision to import what they say is unsafe U.S. beef. South Korean protesters protest against government's policy on U.S. beef imports on Saturday. South Korean police estimate that the crowd in Seoul is about 50,000. No clashes were reported between the protesters and riot police, although ongoing protests have at times turned violent. South Koreans have protested regularly since April when the government announced it would resume importing beef from the United States after a five-year ban. That ban was instituted over a case of mad cow disease in the United States in 2003. The widespread public protests essentially paralyzed the government of President Lee Myung-bak, who replaced seven top aides this month and plans to reshuffle his Cabinet. Tens of thousands of auto workers in South Korea went on strike Wednesday to oppose the government's lifting of the ban. After a series of negotiations, Seoul and Washington came up with a revised agreement on June 21 -- one that limits imports to cattle younger than 30 months old. Animals older than 30 months old are considered at a greater risk for mad cow disease, which can be transmitted to humans. The revised agreement also excludes the import of certain parts believed more susceptible to mad cow disease. The initial deal would have allowed the import of all U.S. beef imports. Scientists believe mad cow disease spreads when farmers feed cattle recycled meat and bones from infected animals. The U.S. banned recycled feeds in 1997. Eating meat products contaminated with the illness has been linked to variant Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease, a rare and fatal malady in humans. Until the 2003 ban, South Korea was the third-largest market for U.S. beef exporters. South Korea's new pro-U.S. president agreed to lift the import ban in April before a summit with U.S. President George W. Bush. But the move provoked a backlash over health concerns spurred in part by false media reports about risks, along with a sense that South Korea had backed down too easily to American pressure. The government has vowed to get tough with the rallies. In Washington, the White House announced that Bush would visit South Korea on August 5-6 before heading to the Beijing Olympics. Bush had originally been expected to go to Seoul next week when he visits Japan for the G-8 summit, but the trip did not materialize amid the protests. CNN's Sohn Jie-ae contributed to this report.
highlights: Tens of thousands of South Koreans protest imports of U.S. beef . Beef imports largely banned since 2003 when mad cow disease found in U.S. Protests essentially paralyzed the government of President Lee Myung-bak .
id: ec9531cd58e385f0da60e23b2855a3c5ece3f270
chatgpt: Tens of thousands of South Koreans took to the streets over the weekend to protest the country's decision to lift the ban on imports of American beef. The decision came as a result of a recent trade agreement between the two countries. However, South Koreans have been opposed to the lifting of the ban, largely due to fears of mad cow disease. Importation of beef from the United States was largely banned in 2003 after an incident of mad cow disease was discovered. The ban was only lifted in 2008, and many Koreans continue to be uneasy about the safety of the imported beef. The protests this weekend were some of the largest that the country has seen in recent years and essentially paralyzed the government of President Lee Myung-bak. In Seoul, protesters carried signs that read "We don't want American beef" and "Protect our children Who will have to eat it?" The protests were mostly peaceful, but some clashes with police were reported. The protesters are demanding that President Lee halt the importation of the beef and apologize for his administration's perceived lack of transparency on the issue. The protests come at a time of already rising tensions between South Korea and the United States. The two countries' relations have been souring over trade issues and fears of North Korean aggression. The American government has expressed some frustration with South Korean officials over the beef ban and the recent protests. Despite the protests, President Lee has said that he will not change his stance on the issue. In a statement released by his office, he said that he understands the concerns of the protesters but that lifting the ban was necessary to maintain strong trade relations with the United States. The controversy over the importation of American beef is not likely to end anytime soon. Many South Koreans remain unconvinced that the beef is safe to eat, and protests are expected to continue in the coming weeks. The issue has become a major political challenge for President Lee, who is already facing high unemployment rates and a sluggish economy. The protests this weekend were a reminder that the South Korean people are not afraid to take to the streets to voice their concerns. The ban on American beef may have been lifted, but the battle over its safety is not yet over.