article: MEXICO CITY, Mexico (CNN) -- The police chief in Cancún has been relieved of his duties and placed under house arrest while he is investigated in the killing of a retired Mexican general who had been the area's anti-drug chief for less than 24 hours, Mexican media are reporting. A Mexican soldier guards the entrance at a Cancún police station where the military is investigating a murder. Francisco Velasco Delgado was detained by military officials early Monday and flown to Mexico City, where he was placed under 45 days of house arrest, according to the media reports. With Delgado's removal, the military has taken over the Cancún police force, several newspapers reported. Cancún Mayor Gregorio Sanchez Martinez said the move was made "to facilitate all types of investigations into the triple murder that happened last week," the Diario de Yucatan newspaper said. Salvador Rocha Vargas, the secretary for public security for the state of Quintana Roo, will lead the police force. He said he will take all the pertinent measures "to clean up the Cancún police," the Excelsior newspaper reported Tuesday. Retired Gen. Mauro Enrique Tello Quinonez's bullet-riddled body was found a week ago on a road outside Cancún. Authorities said he had been tortured before being shot 11 times. His aide and a driver also were tortured and killed. Quintana Roo state prosecutor Bello Melchor Rodriguez y Carrillo said last week there was no doubt Tello and the others were victims of organized crime. "The general was the most mistreated," Rodriguez y Carrillo said at a news conference. "He had burns on his skin and bones in his hands and wrists were broken." An autopsy revealed he also had broken knees. Tello had been appointed less than 24 hours earlier as a special drug-fighting consultant for Gregorio Sanchez Martinez, the mayor of the Benito Juarez municipality, which includes the city of Cancún. Tello, who retired from the army in January at the mandatory age of 63, had moved to the resort area three weeks ago. Mexico is undergoing an unprecedented wave of violence that some have likened to a civil war. The government is battling drug cartels as the traffickers fight each other for control of the lucrative illicit market. Tello was the second high-ranking army officer to be killed in the area in the past few years. Lt. Col. Wilfrido Flores Saucedo and his aide were gunned down on a Cancún street in 2006. That crime remains unsolved. The latest killings come as Mexico grapples with the highest violent-death rate in its history. Mexican Attorney General Eduardo Medina Mora reported in December there had been around 5,400 slayings in 2008, more than double the 2,477 tallied in 2007. There already have been more than 400 drug-related killings this year, according to some news accounts.
highlights: Mexican media says local chief put under house arrest for 45 days . With Francisco Velasco Delgado's removal, military takes control of police . Mayor: Delgado's detainment to "facilitate all types of investigations" into murder . Retired general killed after being area's anti-drug chief for less than 24 hours .
id: cd50184d54c3685dd75a8bf13e768f68a3c9f89e
chatgpt: In an unexpected turn of events, Francisco Velasco Delgado, a local chief in Mexico, has been placed under house arrest for 45 days. Mexican media outlets reported that his removal has led to the military taking control of the police. The mayor of the area has stated that Delgado's detainment will "facilitate all types of investigations" into the recent murder of a retired general. The retired general, who had been appointed as the anti-drug chief for the area less than 24 hours prior, was brutally killed. Sources say that he was shot several times by unknown assailants. The incident has sparked fear and unrest in the community, prompting authorities to take swift action. As a result, the military has taken control of the police force in the area, citing the need for a heightened level of security. They have assured residents that they have the situation under control and are working tirelessly to bring the perpetrators to justice. The decision to place Delgado under house arrest has also been met with mixed reactions. Some view it as a necessary step in the investigation process, while others see it as an infringement on his rights as a citizen. Delgado has yet to comment on the situation, and his whereabouts are currently unknown. However, the mayor has stated that he is confident that the investigation will yield results and that those responsible for the murder will be brought to justice. This incident is the latest in a string of high-profile killings in Mexico, where drug-related violence has been rampant for years. It has once again highlighted the need for a more effective approach to combating the issue. In response, the Mexican government has vowed to step up its efforts to combat organized crime and drug trafficking. They have also called for increased cooperation between law enforcement agencies and the military to ensure that the country is safe and secure for its citizens. While the situation in the area remains tense, the community is hopeful that the perpetrators will be brought to justice soon. The military's takeover of the police force has also reassured residents that their safety is a top priority. As investigations into the murder continue, it is clear that this incident has shaken the community to its core. The question remains: Will this be the catalyst for change that Mexico needs, or will it be just another tragic headline in a long list of drug-related violence?