article: (CNN) -- For most of the day, Jason Biggs wasn't letting the Twitterverse judge whether his sarcastic quip about the Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 crash was funny. The "Orange is the New Black" actor stirred a Twitter storm after news reports confirmed that a Boeing 777 crashed in Ukraine with almost 300 people on board. Biggs joked, "Anyone wanna buy my Malaysian Airlines frequent flier miles?" The backlash came quickly with some saying the remark was too soon, and the event too sensitive, to joke about. "Not cool, Not funny Mr. @JasonBiggs," @jorgemps wrote. Sharliq Grant @SGofDaRuSH said, "too soon to joke man." Biggs originally blasted back at his social media critics, unleashing an expletive-ridden tirade. "Hey all you 'too soon' a--holes- it's a f--king joke. You don't have to think it's funny, or even be on my twitter page at all." "Truly- you losers are literally trying to find s--t to get angry about. Channel your issues elsewhere," he continued. "The idea that I wouldnt have any empathy 4 the victims or their families because I make a joke is absolutely ridiculous. U know that, right?" "It's saddest for the victims and their families, obviously. But Malaysia Airlines is apparently a GREAT airline. Gonna be tough to recover." Then in the evening, Biggs' previous comments about the incident were deleted and he issued a four-tweet apology: . 1) Hey all- ok, so- I am deleting my previous tweets. People were offended, and that was not my intent. Sorry to those of you that were. 2) This is obviously a horrible tragedy, and everyone-including myself- is sad and angry about it. Sending positive thoughts to the . 3) victims and their families. P.S. No one is making me send these tweets- I simply understand that my comments might have come off . 4). as insensitive and ill-timed. For that, I apologize. Biggs, who first became famous in 1999's "American Pie," has a long history of controversial tweets, including a series of sexually explicit comments directed at Republican politicians and their wives during the 2012 election, which he defended at that time, too. Blogging for Esquire last year, Biggs explained why he loves his Twitter haters. "You know what really gets me off? The hate. Oh, how I love the hate. Weird? Perhaps. But to me, watching people get riled up over the most trivial things is pure fking gold." Did surface-to-air missile take down Malaysia Airlines Flight 17? U.S. official: Missile shot down Malaysia Airlines plane . Malaysia Airlines crash prompts flight detours . See more news content about comedians at CNN Comedy. CNN's Pete Janos contributed to this report.
highlights: Jason Biggs made a joke on Twitter about the Malaysia Airlines crash on July 17 . Some people sent tweets back that they found the comment offensive . Biggs defended himself at first, but has since deleted the tweets and apologized .
id: 97d22215591d5da2c4342346ba72a8801526039b
chatgpt: Actor Jason Biggs sparked controversy on Twitter after making a joke about the Malaysia Airlines crash that occurred on July 17. The actor, best known for his role in the American Pie movie franchise, posted a tasteless tweet that many found offensive. The joke went as follows: "Anyone wanna buy my Malaysian Airlines frequent flyer miles?" Twitter users were quick to respond, with many expressing their disgust at Biggs' insensitive comment. Some of the reactions on Twitter included calls to blacklist the actor from the entertainment industry, while others simply expressed their shock at the joke. Biggs initially defended himself, stating that he was just trying to be funny and that people were overreacting. He even went as far as to suggest that those offended were taking things too seriously. However, as the backlash continued, the actor eventually deleted the tweet and issued an apology. In a statement, he acknowledged that the joke was in poor taste and apologized for his insensitivity. "I'm sorry for the insensitive joke I tweeted earlier," Biggs said. "It was not at all funny and was inappropriate. I deeply regret making light of the tragedy affecting so many people." Despite the apology, there are those who are still calling for consequences for Biggs' joke. Many believe that he should be held accountable for his actions and that his apology is not enough. The incident has sparked a wider debate about the responsibilities of public figures on social media, particularly in the wake of tragedy. Many argue that celebrities should be more considerate of the sensitive nature of current events and avoid making jokes or comments that could be seen as offensive. This is not the first time that Jason Biggs has been involved in a social media scandal. The actor has a history of controversial tweets, including ones that have been deemed sexist and offensive. In light of this latest incident, some are questioning whether Biggs should be allowed to continue in his public role as an actor. Others are defending him, stating that his tweet was simply a misguided attempt at humor and that the reaction has been blown out of proportion. Regardless of where you stand on the issue, the Jason Biggs Twitter controversy serves as a reminder of the power and potential consequences of social media. It also highlights the importance of sensitivity and accountability, particularly when it comes to sensitive topics such as tragedy and loss.