article: Practice makes perfect, but only if you go about it the right way, research claims. The way a person practices is as important as how often they try to improve - with those who do not cram in sessions but go away and reflect on their mistakes performing better. And those willing to experiment and learn from their mistakes at the beginning tend to perform better in the long-run. If at first you don't succeed...:The way a person practices is as important as how often they try to improve - with those who don't cram in sessions but go away and reflect on their mistakes performing better . Researchers followed 854,064 online gamers playing a game called Axon, in which players guide a neuron from connection to connection by clicking on potential targets. The software was developed by game designer Preloaded to challenge people's perception and decision-making skills while allowing researchers to analyse how practice affects performance. They found that some gamers scored higher than others despite practising for the same amount of time. Game play data revealed that players who seemed to learn more quickly had either spaced out their practice or had more varying early performances, before going on to perform better. The study could also help researchers find new ways of understanding how the brain retains information . This suggests, the researchers believe, that they were exploring how the game worked and taking the time to practice more methodically and 'efficiently' than the lower scoring gamers. Dr Tom Stafford, from the University of Sheffield said: 'The study suggests that learning can be improved - you can learn more efficiently or use the same practice time to learn to a higher level. 'As we live longer, and as more of our lives become based around acquiring complex skills, optimal learning becomes increasingly relevant to everyone. 'The study confirms that more practice is better but if you space it out instead of doing it all at once then you improve. 'Also people who are most variable in their performance at the beginning perform better at the end. 'The reason is that people who are experimenting at the beginning have to make some mistakes in order to achieve success.' The study could also help researchers find new ways of understanding the ways in which people learn, as gaming is something that people enjoy and data is easily collected. Dr Stafford said: 'This kind of data affords us to look in an unprecedented way at the shape of the learning curve, allowing us to explore how the way we practice helps or hinders learning.' The study was published in Psychological Science.
highlights: Researchers looked at 854,064 online gamers playing a game called Axon . Data revealed players who learned more quickly had spaced out practice and made mistakes that they subsequently learned from .
id: 8eeca9eeb36e96abebce8d277fa458c0272d9e5b
chatgpt: Online gaming has long been regarded as an activity solely for entertainment purposes. But new research suggests that it could have more benefits than initially assumed. According to a study that analysed data from 854,064 online gamers who played a game called Axon, the ability to learn more quickly is achieved through spaced-out practise and making mistakes that are learned from. The study, which was conducted by researchers from the University of California and New York University, analysed anonymised data from players on the online gaming platform Lumosity. Axon, a game that requires gamers to connect coloured dots, was chosen as it is seen as an analogue for decision making and problem solving. The study found that gamers who spaced out their practice and made mistakes they learned from were able to learn more quickly than those who did not. The study also revealed that players who made the most errors in the game showed the most improvement over time. This suggests that making mistakes and learning from them is a critical component of skill acquisition and mastery. “We found that learning was most efficient when spaced out practice was combined with targeted, informative feedback that enabled participants to correct their errors,” said the study’s lead author, Dr. C. Shawn Green. The study’s findings could be used to develop new teaching and learning techniques. If spaced out practice and making mistakes that are learned from are key components of learning, then educators should focus on creating learning environments that reflect this. One approach could be to provide targeted feedback and break up learning activities into spaced out, manageable chunks.  Dr. Green believes that the findings of the study could be applied beyond gaming and into other fields, such as education and workforce training. "Many of the skills people need to learn to be successful in the workplace are similar to those that are developed through gameplay," he said. The study raises important questions about the benefits and drawbacks of video games. While gaming has been identified as a possible cause of addiction and poor mental health, this study suggests that it could have positive effects on learning and skill acquisition. As online gaming continues to grow in popularity, research like this is important to help us better understand the role that video games can play in cognitive development. Whether playing games can replace traditional forms of learning and education is still a matter of debate. Nonetheless, this study highlights the potential value of video games as tools for learning and development.