article: For all the moves and deals, click here . Luis Suarez has turned up at Liverpool's training ground on transfer deadline day... but the £75million Barcelona star is only there to clear out his locker. The 27-year-old striker arrived with a cheeky gift for Steven Gerrard - a Barca shirt with his name and number on it - and the Liverpool skipper put the picture on his Instagram account. It was accompanied by the message: 'He is back bearing gifts emotional saying goodbye to the main man this morning best wishes to a phenomenal player.' Scroll down for VIDEOS... Friends reunited: Luis Suarez poses with Steven Gerrard (and a Barcelona shirt) at Melwood on Monday . Goodbye: Suarez with former team-mates Gerrard (left), Glen Johnson (second right) and Jon Flanagan . The transfer window: Suarez drives out of Melwood on deadline day with a child's toy on the back seat . Gerrard presumably was able to hide the disappointment he feels at Suarez's departure. In an interview with Sky Sports over the weekend he said: 'I thought he was going to stay, I thought we'd have got another year out of him. 'I was actually already on the floor when I saw the bite because we knew we were going out. It was a double blow, knowing you're going out of the World Cup and knowing you're going to lose your best player. 'I knew there was no way back for him then and I knew he was going to engineer a way out.' Suarez later tweeted himself, posting: 'Today I could say goodbye to some friends, it was exciting to remember the good moments that we lived together.' He also posted a picture of himself with Gerrard, Glen Johnson and Jon Flanagan. Suarez has not yet played for Barcelona because of his four-month ban for biting Italy defender Giorgio Chiellini at the World Cup. VIDEO I was very depressed - Suarez . Waving goodbye: Suarez left Liverpool in the summer but was back at Melwood to collect his things . New club: Suarez training with Barcelona, who he joined in the summer for £75m .
highlights: Luis Suarez drove into Melwood to collect his belongings . He brought Steven Gerrard a signed Barcelona shirt as a gift . Gerrard has revealed his disappointment at Suarez leaving Liverpool . Suarez posted message on Twitter and picture of him with former team-mates Gerrard, Glen Johnson and Jon Flanagan . Suarez joined Barcelona for £75m in the summer .
id: 215b8db93881e9e836ab9ac549c817569bbd349f
chatgpt: Luis Suarez has made a surprise visit to Melwood, Liverpool's training ground, to collect his belongings. The striker, who left the club in the summer to join Barcelona for £75m, was spotted driving into the complex in his new car. However, it was not just his belongings that he brought with him, he also came bearing gifts. Suarez presented Liverpool legend Steven Gerrard with a Barcelona shirt, signed by himself and his new teammates. The gesture was warmly received by Gerrard who has revealed his disappointment at Suarez leaving Liverpool. The former Liverpool captain had previously spoken of his admiration for the striker and the immense impact he had on the club during his time there. Suarez also took to Twitter to express his fondness for his former team-mates, posting a message saying: "Great to be back at Melwood today to see some old friends!" He accompanied the message with a picture of himself, Gerrard, Glen Johnson and Jon Flanagan, all of whom he played with during his time at Liverpool. Suarez's visit to Melwood was a surprise for many Liverpool fans who had thought they had seen the last of the Uruguayan. However, the striker's affection for his former teammates and the club was evident in his visit and gesture of goodwill towards Gerrard. Suarez's departure from Liverpool in the summer was a blow to the club, who had relied heavily on his goals and creativity in the previous seasons. However, the striker has settled in quickly at Barcelona, scoring 11 goals in just 14 appearances for the Catalan giants. Liverpool, on the other hand, have struggled to find a replacement for Suarez and have endured a difficult start to the season. Manager Brendan Rodgers will be hoping to turn things around quickly as the club tries to regain its form and challenge for titles once again. Suarez may be gone from Liverpool, but his legacy at the club and his friendship with former teammates, like Gerrard, remains strong. His visit to Melwood and his gifts to Gerrard show that there is still a strong bond between the striker and his former club.