article: By . Mark Duell . Last updated at 10:54 PM on 28th August 2011 . Some children kick up a big tantrum when they’re refused toys or receive the wrong type of birthday card - but it doesn’t usually end up like this. Kimberly Garrity, who raised Steven II, now 23, and Kathryn, now 20, in a $1.5million home in Illinois, was sued by her own children. But the siblings, represented by three lawyers including their father, Steven A. Miner, have failed in their $50,000 lawsuit for ‘bad mothering’. Screaming: Kimberly Garrity, who raised Steven II, now 23, and Kathryn, now 20, has been sued by her own children for 'bad mothering' (file picture) They alleged Garrity failed to take Kathryn to a car show and threatened Steven II with phoning police if he did not buckle his seatbelt. The children claim she ‘haggled’ over dress prices and called at midnight to tell Kathryn to come home from a party, reported the Chicago Tribune. But after two years of battle an appeals court has dismissed the ‘emotional distress’ case, ruling Garrity's conduct was not ‘extreme or outrageous’. A positive ruling ‘could potentially open the floodgates to subject family childrearing (to) excessive judicial scrutiny and interference,’ it said. Mr Miner and Garrity were married for around ten years before she filed for divorce 16 years ago, reported the Chicago Tribune. The birthday card in question was labelled ‘inappropriate’ by Steven II as it allegedly failed to include any money. Unhappy: The siblings, represented by three lawyers including their father, have failed in their $50,000 lawsuit for 'bad mothering' (file picture) It had a picture of indistinguishable tomatoes on a table, apart from one in the centre with googly eyes attached. The card said: ‘Son I got you this Birthday card because it’s just like you ... different from all the rest!’ 'It would be laughable that these . children of privilege would sue their mother for emotional distress, if . the consequences were not so deadly serious' Shelley Smith, Kimberly Garrity’s lawyer . Garrity’s attorney Shelley Smith complained of her ex-husband trying to seek ‘ultimate revenge’ of her children, accusing her of ‘being an inadequate mother’. ‘It would be laughable that these children of privilege would sue their mother for emotional distress, if the consequences were not so deadly serious,’ she wrote in court papers. Ms Smith wrote Garrity does still love her children but they wanted ‘the benefits afforded by a family relationship, but none of the restraints’. ‘(The children) do not view their (lawsuit) as an attack on mothering, but rather on accountability,’ the children’s father Mr Miner wrote. ‘Everyone makes mistakes, but... there must be accountability for actions. Parenting is no different,’ he added, reported the Chicago Tribune.
highlights: The Illinois lawsuit was filed against Kimberly Garrity . One of their lawyers was their own father, Steven Miner . She raised Steven II and Kathryn in a $1.5million home . Children claimed 'emotional distress' in $50,000 lawsuit .
id: b62072a6ecafbea66e3f3ec2b5fb5701b8e73b9c
chatgpt: A lawsuit in Illinois has been filed against a woman named Kimberly Garrity. The complaint was brought about by her two children, Steven II and Kathryn, who are seeking $50,000 in damages for what they claim was "emotional distress" caused by their mother's parenting. What makes this lawsuit particularly interesting is the fact that one of the lawyers representing Kimberly Garrity is none other than her own father, Steven Miner. As a result, the case has become a family affair that is likely to raise eyebrows in legal and social circles. According to court documents, Kimberly Garrity raised her children in a $1.5 million home, providing them with a privileged upbringing that featured all the trappings of luxury. However, her parenting style apparently did not sit well with her children, who claim that they suffered emotional distress as a result of her actions. The specifics of the allegations are not yet known, and it remains to be seen how the case will play out in court. However, it is clear that the involvement of Steven Miner adds a unique dynamic to the proceedings. Some legal experts have questioned the ethics of a lawyer representing both his daughter and his grandchildren in a case like this, noting that the potential for conflicts of interest is high. Regardless of the outcome of the case, it underscores the challenge of parenting in today's society. As parents, we all want to provide our children with the best possible life, but sometimes our efforts can be misunderstood or even backfire. It raises the question of whether there is such a thing as "perfect" parenting, and if so, how we can achieve it. For now, all eyes will be on the Illinois court system as this lawsuit moves forward. The involvement of Steven Miner is sure to add a layer of complexity to the proceedings, but it is ultimately up to the judge to decide what is in the best interests of the children involved. In the meantime, parents and non-parents alike can reflect on the challenges and rewards of raising children, and perhaps gain some insight into the ways in which we can all strive to do better.