article: (CNN) -- When New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg instructed five hospitals to evacuate their patients from Hurricane Irene's path, one replied it couldn't follow his order. Administrators from New York University-Langone Medical Center explained that six patients in the intensive care unit were so sick that moving them might kill them, and so the mayor's office gave permission to keep them in the hospital throughout the storm. It then fell to Elaine Rowinski, nurse manager of the intensive care unit, to find seven nurses willing to stay at the hospital, right in the hurricane's predicted path and just 100 yards from the East River, which many feared would overflow. It turned out she had nothing to worry about. "I could have had 20 nurses if I'd needed them," she said. "That's how many called me up to volunteer." Rowinski stayed at the hospital all weekend as the doctors and nurses who also stayed listened to the wind and the rain through the boarded-up windows. "I had no qualms about staying, no fears at all," she said. "We train for these disasters." Brainstorming with her staff, Rowinski came up with a list of what they might need during the storm. The nurses kept flashlights by each bedside and plugged machines into the red outlets on the wall, which connect to the generators on top of the building, in case they lost power from Con Edison. They also kept a three-day supply of medicine next to each patient's bed in the event they needed to evacuate quickly. About 200 staff members stayed at NYU, including engineers, security guards, housekeepers, blood bank staff, and two doctors. Four family members stayed all weekend with the patients. Some of the patients had neurological diseases, while others had respiratory problems or infectious diseases. Many were on life support, but those that were conscious were told Friday they might have to be evacuated. "They were so relieved when they found out they could stay," Rowinski said. As for Rowinski, she finally went home Monday afternoon after nearly three days straight at the hospital. While she was working, her husband had to evacuate their house in Oceanside, on Long Island. "He told me he kept a picture of me by the dog so he'd remember me," she said with a laugh. CNN's John Bonifield contributed to this report.
highlights: As Irene approached, 6 patients were too sick to evacuate from NYU-Langone Medical Center . The hospital is just 100 yards from the East River . Nurses kept flashlights by each bedside, and a 3-day medicine supply for each patient . "We train for these disasters," says nurse manager Elaine Rowinski .
id: 2a0a44cd5d0792c77f1ae2407045bce098a00840
chatgpt: As Hurricane Irene bore down on the East Coast, hospital staff at NYU-Langone Medical Center in Manhattan were faced with a difficult decision. While most patients were evacuated ahead of the storm, six critically ill patients were too sick to move. Located just 100 yards from the East River, the hospital was in a vulnerable position as the storm approached. However, nurse manager Elaine Rowinski and her team were prepared for the worst. "We train for these disasters," Rowinski said. "We have a plan and we follow it." As Irene approached, hospital staff made sure that each of the six patients had a three-day supply of medicine and a flashlight by their bedside. They also made sure that each patient was hooked up to a generator in case the power went out. Rowinski said the hospital had a generator capable of powering the entire facility, but they decided not to use it for the six patients in question. Instead, they used smaller, more portable generators to power the patients' rooms and keep the lights on. "We didn't want to waste resources," Rowinski said. "We needed to be prepared in case something else happened." Despite the hospital's preparations, Hurricane Irene still caused significant damage in the area. The East River overflowed its banks, inundating nearby streets and causing flooding in the hospital's basement. However, Rowinski said the six patients were safe and comfortable throughout the storm. "They were all in stable condition, and they had their families with them," she said. "We did everything we could to keep them safe." The hospital's efforts were praised by New York City officials, who said they were impressed by the staff's dedication and preparedness. "In times of crises like this, it is truly inspiring to see the best of humanity come forward," said Mayor Michael Bloomberg. "The staff at NYU-Langone Medical Center is a shining example of that." Rowinski said that while the storm was a challenge, it was also an opportunity for the hospital to put their disaster preparedness plans to the test. "We hope we never have to go through something like this again," she said. "But we will be ready if we do."