article: By . Anthony Bond . PUBLISHED: . 07:55 EST, 9 August 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 11:36 EST, 9 August 2012 . Facebook has been forced to take down a page which mocked Aborigines as 'drunks who sniff petrol' following widespread outrage across Australia. The controversial page, which also accused Aborigines of 'bludging on welfare' caused a storm of protest and campaigns for its removal. It had more than 4,000 'likes' as well as pictures of indigenous people with offensive captions. Controversial: Facebook has been forced to take down a page which mocked Aborigines as 'drunks who sniff petrol' following widespread outrage across Australia. This is a file picture of three Aborigines . According to the Herald Sun, one such caption said 'How do you kill 1000 flies at once? Slap me in the face.' The page was created in Australia on June 4 and quickly attracted hundreds of angry comments. It led to other Facebook users starting online petitions calling for it to be taken down. Initially, Facebook said it had no plans to take action and remove the webpage. But following a storm of protests - with Federal Communications Minister Stephen Conroy even weighing into the debate - the social media giant has now decided to remove the page. In a statement, Facebook also said it was in discussion with the Australian Race Discrimination Commissioner. According to the Herald Sun, Facebook . added: 'We recognise the public concern that controversial meme Pages . that Australians have created on Facebook have caused. Buckled: Initially, Facebook said it had no plans to take action and remove the webpage. But following a storm of protests it has now decided to remove the page. Its CEO Mark Zuckerberg is pictured . 'We believe that sharing information, and the openness that results, invites conversation, debate and greater understanding. 'At the same time, we recognise that some content that is shared may be controversial, offensive, or even illegal in some countries.' Australia's race discrimination commissioner Helen Szoke said the page could breach the country's anti-discrimination laws. One Aboriginal elder from the Wurundjeri tribe said he was offended by some of the anonymous posts on the page. Ian Hunter said he was not opposed to Aboriginal humour but disliked anonymous comments from people who did not state facts about who they are and why they are making the comments.
highlights: It also . accused Aborigines of 'bludging on welfare' which resulted in campaigns for its removal . Page had more than 4,000 'likes' as well as pictures of indigenous people with offensive captions .
id: 5eceedfa75b6f8b2866445cd1b3765666dd3cbc9
chatgpt: A Facebook page that has been accused of making derogatory comments towards Indigenous Australians has come under fire. The page, which goes by the name of "Indigenous Memes", had more than 4,000 'likes' before it was removed. One of the most offensive content that was found on this page was the accusation that Aborigines were 'bludging on welfare'. This caused an uproar among Indigenous rights activists who petitioned for the removal of the page. The page also featured images of Indigenous Australians with captions that were deemed as being offensive. Despite criticisms and complaints from various groups, the people behind the page refused to take down the offensive content. The founder of the "Indigenous Memes" page, who wishes to remain anonymous, argued that the content on the page was meant to be humorous, and not intended to be derogatory or disrespectful. However, this defense failed to appease the critics who were quick to point out that the page's content was hurting and offending many Indigenous Australians. The page's presence on Facebook was deemed to be promoting negative stereotypes and fostering discrimination against Indigenous people. In response to the backlash, Facebook eventually removed the "Indigenous Memes" page. Facebook's policy prohibits content that is harmful, hateful or discriminatory. The social media giant is committed to removing such content and has a team tasked with the responsibility of monitoring and removing content that falls foul of their community standards. Indigenous activists have praised the decision to remove the "Indigenous Memes" page, calling it a victory for their community. They have urged social media companies to continue to be vigilant in removing hateful and discriminatory content. However, the incident has once again brought to the forefront the issue of racism and discrimination against Indigenous Australians. The country's Indigenous population continues to face challenges in the form of unequal access to education, healthcare, employment and other basic human rights. The "Indigenous Memes" page represents just one instance of the many forms of discrimination and prejudice that Indigenous Australians face on a daily basis. The incident serves as a reminder that there is still much work to be done in achieving true equality for Indigenous Australians.