article: By . Belinda Robinson . Comedy actor James Corden could barely hide his delight when he turned up to a charity football match in Bedford and bumped into the man who inspired one his most popular TV characters. The comedy actor based his character Neil 'Smithy' Smith from Gavin & Stacey, a beer drinking builder on a real life 41-year-old dad of three called Neil 'Smithy' Smith. Smithy - the real life one - had been close friends with Corden's cousin Lee Andrews for over 30 years and their friendship gave Corden his inspiration to create comedy gold. Mates: Comedy actor James Corden, left, could barely hide his delight when he turned up to a charity football match in Bedford and bumped into Neil 'Smithy' Smith . The pair met up unexpectedly in Bedford recently when they both played in a charity football match. In the popular BBC show, art imitated life when Corden made Neil and Lee's legendary scrapes  a part of his show. Smith told The Mirror: ' Some of the stuff me and Lee got up to in our twenties probably couldn't be shown on TV.' 'I think James saw a good craic with how we used to be. We were inseparable, just like Smithy and Gavin in the show.' He added that when the show first aired all of his friends kept texting and talking about the resemblance to his character. Smith said he tends to enjoy watching football, a drink and  a good laugh and can see why James thought it would make a good character for television. Luckily the real life Smithy thought that his on stage alter ego was hilarious. He recalls that when the pair first met he was already taking on roles in adverts and soap operas. But he praised him for being 'a normal guy' who is very down to earth. Corden who is close friends with David . Beckham, a BAFTA  winner and one of the country's most treasured comedy . actors puled on his T-shirt and played at the match. The match, for the opening of a new Salvation Army pitch was planned by his late uncle Roger Collins. Smithy said he was delighted to be playing alongside the award winning actor. Corden, in turn, praised his muse Smithy saying he was a great guy and he hoped that the character that he had created based off him had done him proud. Gavin & Stacey: Mathew Horne and James Corden are pictured here filming the Christmas episode of 'Gavin and Stacey' in Barry Island, Wales - Corden recently bumped into the inspiration for one of his characters .
highlights: Popular character Smithy from hit show Gavin & Stacey was based on real life Neil 'Smithy' Smith, 41, from Bedford . The real life Smithy was friends with Corden's cousin Lee Andrews . Their friendship gave Corden his inspiration to create comedy gold . The pair recently met at a charity football match in Bedford .
id: 1a9e20ba5df20a244ae03e3b6ebe7d5e6c29e6ae
chatgpt: Neil 'Smithy' Smith, the real-life inspiration for the much-loved character in the hit UK TV show, "Gavin & Stacey", has revealed that he recently met James Corden at a charity football match in Bedford. Corden, who co-created and starred in the show, and Smithy have a long-standing friendship that goes back to their school days. Smithy, who is now 41-years-old and from Bedford, was friends with Corden's cousin Lee Andrews, and it was this connection that gave Corden the inspiration to create one of his most popular characters. The character of Smithy, played by Corden, quickly became a fan-favorite when "Gavin & Stacey" aired between 2007 and 2010. The show, which followed the long-distance relationship between Gavin (Mathew Horne) from Essex and Stacey (Joanna Page) from Wales, was a huge hit both in the UK and around the world. Smithy was the best friend of Gavin and provided the show with a lot of its humor and heart. Although Smithy was a fictional character, Corden took many aspects of his personality and life from the real-life Neil Smith. Speaking to reporters after the charity football match, Smithy said, "James and I have been friends for years, and it was really nice to see him again. We had a great catch-up, and he was asking me all sorts of questions about my life. It's hilarious to think that a lot of what he put into the character of Smithy was based on me, and I love that people all around the world now know who I am." Smithy is a well-known figure in Bedford and has even made several appearances on local radio and TV stations. In 2016, he appeared on a BBC documentary called "The Real James Bond", where he discussed his friendship with Corden and the impact that "Gavin & Stacey" had on his life. The charity football match where Smithy and Corden reunited was held in aid of a local children's charity, and both men were happy to support such a worthy cause. Smithy said, "It was a great event, and I was really pleased to be a part of it. It's important to me to give back to the community that has given me so much over the years." While "Gavin & Stacey" was a huge success, with a Christmas special in 2019 that attracted more than 17 million viewers in the UK alone, there is no word yet on whether the show will return for another series. However, with the reunion of Smithy and Corden, fans of the show will be hoping that they might see their beloved characters on screen once again. In the meantime, Neil 'Smithy' Smith is happy to continue living his life in Bedford, where he is a well-respected member of the community. He said, "Being the inspiration for a TV character has brought me a lot of joy over the years, and I'm happy to have been a part of something that has given so many people so much pleasure. Who knows what the future holds, but for now, I'm just taking things as they come and enjoying life."