article: (CNN) -- Mark Webber's second place behind Red Bull teammate Sebastian Vettel in the Japanese Grand Prix sees the Australian stretch his lead in the world title race to 14 points. Fernando Alonso of Ferrari is also still in the championship race after finishing third at Suzuka, but Germany's Vettel has drawn level on points with him after his superb victory. Alonso keeps second place by virtue of races won, but with three rounds to go the challenge from Red Bull looks ominous. Lewis Hamilton could only finish fifth for McLaren after gearbox problems and has slipped to fourth in the standings, just ahead of reigning world champion and teammate Jenson Button, who claimed fourth. The title race is between the leading five, but Button is now 31 points adrift and his hopes of a successful defense look to be receding. Red Bull have also strengthened their advantage of McLaren in the constructors' championship with Ferrari in third. The 17th round is being held in Seoul, South Korea, the first F1 race at the new track. Drivers' Championship (after 16 rounds): . 1. Mark Webber (Aus) Red Bull 220 points . 2. Fernando Alonso (Spa) Ferrari 206 . 3. Sebastian Vettel (Ger) Red Bull 206 . 4. Lewis Hamilton (GB) McLaren 192 . 5. Jenson Button (GB) McLaren 189 . 6. Felipe Massa (Bra) Ferrari 128 . 7. Nico Rosberg (Ger) Mercedes 122 . 8. Robert Kubica (Pol) Renault 114 . 9. Michael Schumacher (Ger) Mercedes 54 . 10. Adrian Sutil (Ger) Force India 47 . Constructors' Championship: . 1. Red Bull 426 points . 2. McLaren 381 . 3. Ferrari 334 . 4. Mercedes 176 . 5. Renault 133 . 6. Force India 60 . 7. Williams 58 . 8. Sauber 37 . 9. Toro Rosso 11 .
highlights: Mark Webber extends lead at top of the Formula One world championship race . The Australian leads Fernando Alonso and Sebastian Vettel by 14 points . Lewis Hamilton slips back to fourth after fifth place at Suzuka circuit . Red Bull stretch lead again in constructors' standings over McLaren .
id: 7c71f7727639e0af731ae4bb64d9962113b0f5ef
chatgpt: Australian driver Mark Webber has extended his lead at the top of the Formula One world championship race after a solid performance at the Suzuka circuit. The Red Bull driver now leads Fernando Alonso and Sebastian Vettel by 14 points, meaning he is in a strong position to win the championship. Webber finished the race in second place, behind his teammate Vettel in first. However, with Alonso only managing to come in fourth, Webber was able to extend his lead at the top of the standings. Lewis Hamilton, who was in fourth place going into the race, slipped further back after finishing in fifth place. The result at Suzuka also saw Red Bull stretch their lead again in the constructors' standings over McLaren. Red Bull now has a 45-point lead over their rivals with just three races of the season remaining. Webber's performance in Japan was particularly impressive given the difficult conditions. Heavy rain and fog made for treacherous racing conditions, with several drivers struggling to keep their cars on the track. However, Webber remained composed throughout and delivered a strong performance. The Australian will be hoping to maintain his lead in the remaining three races of the season, with the next race taking place in Korea. However, he will face stiff competition from Alonso and Vettel, who will be desperate to close the gap in the standings. For now, though, Webber will be content with his strong performance in Japan. He knows that every point is vital at this stage of the season and will be looking to continue his impressive form in the coming weeks. The Formula One world championship race is well and truly alive, and fans will be eagerly anticipating the final few races of what has been a thrilling season so far.