article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . Losing interest in hobbies and other activities in old age could be an early sign of dementia, say scientists. A US study found that elderly people who were apathetic but not suffering depression had shrinking amounts of grey and white matter – neurons in the brain that control memory and communication respectively. Researchers say the findings offer doctors a new tool with which to identify a group of the population at risk of developing Alzheimer’s disease. The study has shown that patients suffering from Alzheimer's Disease lose interest in their hobbies which can be an early indicator of the condition (stock photo) Researchers gave MRI scans to 4,354 people with an average age of 74 as part of the study . People with two or more symptoms of Alzheimer's Disease had on average 1.4 percent grey matter in their brain compared with healthy people . Dr Lenore Launer, of the National Institutes of Health in Maryland, said: ‘Just as signs of memory loss may signal brain changes related to brain disease, apathy may indicate underlying changes. ‘Apathy symptoms are common in older people without dementia. And the fact participants in our study had apathy without depression should turn our attention to how apathy alone could indicate brain disease.’ The researchers used brain volume as a measure of accelerated brain ageing. Neuron losses occur during normal  ageing but larger ones could indicate brain diseases. In the study, 4,354 people without dementia and with an average age of 76 underwent an MRI scan. They were also asked questions that measure apathy symptoms which include lack of interest, lack of emotion, dropping activities and interests and preferring to stay at home, and having a lack of energy. Researchers found that apathy was a common complaint among patients with Alzheimer's Disease . People with two or more symptoms had 1.4 per cent less grey matter and 1.6 per cent less white matter compared to those who had fewer. Grey matter is where learning takes place and memories are stored in the brain. White matter acts as the communication cables that connect different parts of the brain. Dr Launer said: ‘If these findings are confirmed, identifying people with  apathy earlier may be one way to  target an at-risk group.’ The study is published online in Neurology – the medical journal of the American Academy of Neurology.
highlights: New study shows that patients with Alzheimer's have less grey matter than healthy people . US researchers performed almost 4,400 MRI scans on elderly patients . Losing interest in favoured hobbies can be an early sign of dementia . Back to Mail Online home . Back to the page you came from .
id: 13b53c4789dd8dd0bc314f3f6538041c07a812fa
chatgpt: A new study conducted by the US researchers has found that patients diagnosed with Alzheimer's have significantly less grey matter as compared to healthy individuals. Almost 4,400 MRI scans were carried out on elderly patients who were diagnosed with Alzheimer's. This study could prove to be a vital step in shedding new light on understanding the human brain and its functioning. Grey matter is a vital component of the brain which mainly consists of the neurons and the synapses that form the connections within the brain. The study found that patients with Alzheimer's had a much lower amount of grey matter than those who did not have the disease. The difference was significant and suggests that the neurodegenerative condition known as Alzheimer's may cause a significant loss of this vital component of the brain. Alzheimer's disease is a growing epidemic that affects millions of people worldwide. It affects the brain, and over time, it takes away a person's ability to remember, communicate, and perform daily activities. This disease is progressive, and there is no cure. Identifying it early is crucial for getting efficient care and delaying the onset of the condition. The study also found that losing interest in hobbies and activities that were once enjoyed, is one of the early warning signs of dementia. This could provide an important initial indication that a patient may have Alzheimer's disease. As there is no cure, early detection is vital to ensure that those affected get the help and support that they need. The study's results are a significant breakthrough in the field of Alzheimer's research. It provides evidence that the effects of Alzheimer's disease are more comprehensive than initially thought, as it affects the vital functioning of the brain itself. It is hoped that the results of this study will lead to more efficient diagnoses methods and ultimately to the development of more effective treatments. In summary, the new study conducted by US researchers has shown that patients diagnosed with Alzheimer's have significantly less grey matter than their healthy counterparts. Early signs of dementia may manifest when an individual loses interest in once favoured hobbies and activities. Alzheimer's is a progressive condition for which there is no cure. Identifying it early and getting efficient care can help to delay its onset.