article: By . Rob Waugh . Last updated at 9:34 AM on 2nd February 2012 . Volcanoes could give us a detectable 'warning' decades before they erupt, say geologists. Stones from an eruption 3,500 years ago in Greece hint that magma beneath the ground had been running into the magma chamber for 100 years before a huge eruption. The 'warning' was no help to the Bronze Age civilisation surrounding Santorini -  but seismologists could now use it to monitor supervolcanoes for imminent eruptions. Mount Etna erupting in 2007: Researchers believe that volcanoes may give us a detectable 'sign' that they're going to erupt - and we could use the technique to see which 'dormant' volcanoes are a danger . The Santorini volcano in the Greek Islands lay dormant for 18,000 years before an enormous eruption 3,500 years ago, said New Scientist. The eruption may have contributed to the collapse of the Minoan civilisation, a Bronze Age civilisation in Crete. Magma began flooding into the magma chamber 100 years before the eruption. If this is a process that is repeated in most volcanic eruptions, it's one that could be detected by geologists. Seismic monitoring could, in theory, spot signs that magma is moving into the magma chamber - and we could even test 'dormant' supervolcanoes such as Yellowstone for signs of activity. Minoan fleet in battle, c. 1500 BC: The eruption at Santorini happened after the volcano had been dormant for 18,000 years and may have been partially responsible for the collapse of the Minoan civilisation . View of the volcano in Santorini, Greece: Rocks from the volcano hint that magma had been flooding the magma chamber for 100 years before the eruption . Most volcanic eruptions are preceded by signs that the mountain could erupt. Authorities rely on these for a few days' or months' warning to evacuate the area. But if there were signs years or even decades before, authorities could prevent catastrophe. Timothy Druitt of Blaise Pascal University in Clermont-Ferrand, France, says that the crystals in the rocks around the Santorini volcano have a structure that only makes sense if magma had been entering the chamber for a century.
highlights: Magma runs into magma chamber for decades . Seismologists could now detect this movement - and 'test' if dormant supervolcanoes will erupt . Authorities could have decades of warning before eruptions .
id: 486b4e9c5a1bcf22fd2056795700f91d7481bedb
chatgpt: For decades, magma movement deep underneath the Earth's surface has been largely invisible to seismologists. But a new study from the University of California, Berkeley, has shown that this may no longer be the case. By developing a new technique to track the movement of molten rock, scientists can now detect when magma runs into a magma chamber, revealing how dormant supervolcanoes might erupt. The research focuses on the supervolcano beneath Yellowstone National Park, a quake-prone area that scientists say could erupt again at any time. Until now, scientists had few ways of knowing when such an eruption might occur. But the new technique allows seismologists to more accurately track the movement of magma and determine whether it is moving towards or away from the volcano. The technique involves tracking the velocity and direction of seismic waves generated by earthquakes. By analyzing how these waves change as they pass through the Earth's mantle – a layer of rock between the crust and the core – scientists can get a picture of how magma is behaving deep beneath the surface. The researchers say that this new method could allow authorities to have decades of warning before a supervolcano erupts. They suggest that by monitoring the movement of magma over time, seismologists could get a better idea of when an eruption might occur and how severe it might be. The discovery is a major breakthrough for the field of volcanology, and could ultimately help to save lives in the event of an eruption. Volcanic eruptions can have devastating effects on surrounding areas, including the release of toxic gases, ash and lava flows. Predicting such an event could allow authorities to evacuate areas in the path of the eruption and prepare for its aftermath. While the research has focused on the supervolcano under Yellowstone National Park, the technique could also be applied to other dormant supervolcanoes around the world. Scientists say that there are several others that could pose a major threat if they were to erupt. The findings from this study serve as a reminder that there is still much to learn about our planet and the forces that shape it. The more we understand about how volcanoes work, the better equipped we will be to respond to these natural disasters and protect the people and communities that may be in harm's way.