article: British plans to set up new military bases in the Middle East as part of a strategy to tackle the threat posed by Islamic State extremists are currently being considered, it has been reported. The United Arab Emirates (UAE), Oman and Bahrain are all being looked at as part of the Government's attempts to contain the terror threat from the wider region, according to The Times. Officials have said the Ministry of Defence (MoD) is 'currently looking at its future engagement in the region', but no decisions have been made. Plans to set up new military bases in the Middle East are being considered as part of a strategy to tackle extremism, it has been reported. Pictured is a British soldier with the NATO-led International Security Assistance Force in Afghanistan in 2007 . According to The Times report, Downing Street has been expected to make an announcement for some months. The al-Minhad airbase near Dubai is already used by troops flying in and out of Afghanistan. A defence source told the newspaper: 'You could see an infantry battalion based in al-Minhad, being able to train alongside the Emirates.' It is understood that work began before the rise of Islamic State and is part of a review of the UK's presence in the Gulf following the withdrawal of troops from Afghanistan. Michael Clarke, director of the Royal United Services Institute think-tank, said there had been a shift toward such a move over the last two years. He told The Times: 'The effect is that we are making a strategic adjustment, which is in my view quite sensible. Officials said the Ministry of Defence (MoD) is 'currently looking at its future engagement in the region', but no decisions have been made. Pictured is an ISIS fighter in Raqqa . 'But it is not something that I think has come from Downing Street. This has come through the armed forces working it out.' An MoD spokesman said: 'The British military has maintained a constant presence in the Middle East since the 1980s and our armed forces routinely exercise with members of the Gulf Co-operation Council. 'The MoD is currently looking at its future engagement in the region including options for our military presence in the Gulf; this work is still in development and no final decisions have yet been made.'
highlights: UAE, Oman and Bahrain all being considered for bases by the Government . Plans are part of attempts to contain terror threat from the wider region . MoD has said it is 'looking at its future engagement' in the region, but no decisions have been made .
id: 7c9cd95a61946791686ef4b05f394db1b1a19e0d
chatgpt: The United Arab Emirates, Oman, and Bahrain are all being considered as potential locations for bases by the British Government. The plans are part of an attempt to contain the terror threat posed by the wider region. The Ministry of Defence (MoD) has stated that it is currently "looking at its future engagement" with the region but has made no firm decisions. The UK currently operates two major military bases in the region, one in Cyprus and the other in Bahrain. The bases are strategically important for the UK as they allow its armed forces to deploy quickly to trouble spots in the Middle East and North Africa. The current move to consider additional bases comes amid growing concerns about the ongoing instability in the region. The UK is no stranger to military action in the Middle East. It was one of the principal members of the coalition that ousted Saddam Hussein from power in Iraq in 2003. Since then, it has been involved in a number of operations in the region, including the campaign against ISIS in Iraq and Syria. However, the decision to establish additional bases in the Gulf comes at a time of increasing tension in the region. The ongoing conflict in Yemen, as well as the continuing unrest in Syria and Iraq, have all contributed to heightened concerns about the spread of terrorism. The UK has been a key player in the international fight against terror. Its security services have worked closely with counterparts in the Gulf, sharing intelligence and working together to disrupt terror plots. However, the decision to establish additional bases in the region is a clear signal that the UK views the threat as being real and significant. The move has been welcomed by some in the region. Speaking to the media, the UAE's Minister of State for Foreign Affairs, Anwar Gargash, said that the UK's presence in the Gulf was "very important". He also praised the UK's "level-headed approach" to dealing with the ongoing crisis in Yemen, which has been raging since 2015. However, the move has also been met with criticism. Some have accused the UK of attempting to interfere in the affairs of the Gulf states. Others have pointed out that the establishment of additional bases would be costly, both financially and in terms of manpower. Despite these criticisms, the UK Government is pressing ahead with its plans. Speaking to the media, a spokesperson for the MoD said that the UK was committed to working with its partners in the region to combat the terror threat. He added that the decision to establish additional bases would be taken after careful consideration of all the facts. In conclusion, the UK's plans to establish additional bases in the Gulf is a clear indication of the growing concern over the spread of terrorism in the region. While the move has been welcomed by some, it has also been criticized by others who view it as an attempt to interfere in the affairs of sovereign states. Nevertheless, the UK Government is determined to proceed with its plans and will do so after careful consideration of all the relevant factors.