article: (CNN) -- With no way to counter toxic jellyfish that brought intense pain and partial paralysis during an attempted 103-mile ocean crossing from Cuba to Florida, endurance swimmer Diana Nyad said Monday that she will not make another attempt at the feat. "I can't beat those guys. They're too much for me," Nyad said. Nyad, 62, swam 82 nautical miles of the 103-mile crossing before two stings from what her team identified as potentially lethal box jellyfish forced her out of the water Sunday morning. In a frequently emotional news conference in which she removed her shirt to reveal sting marks, Nyad said she initially planned to muscle through the intense pain. But she said she eventually had to give up as the toxins began to cause partial paralysis and made it increasingly difficult for her to breathe. What's a Portuguese man-of-war? Nyad still had a wheeze Monday, said one of her doctors, Clifton Page of the University of Miami. Toxins from the stings also affected members of her crew trying to help her. "This was a life-threatening situation we were in," Page said. Nyad stopped the swim Sunday morning after 40 hours in the water. "It's not easy for me to let go of this dream, and I'm in distress about it," she said. She said it was "naive" of her not to anticipate problems from the jellyfish, which she said are proliferating throughout the world's oceans because of climate change. Unlike sharks, which her team countered with divers and electronic devices, no good tools exist to fend off jellyfish, Nyad said. She said she knows she could complete the crossing were it not for the creatures. She said the last two years of training were not wasted. "It's been a grand, elevating, life-confirming experience these last two years," she said. Nyad began her attempt Friday evening from Havana's Hemingway Marina, expecting to spend about 60 hours in the water. It was her third attempt to complete the swim. Her first, in 1978, was brought to an end by strong currents and bad weather after almost 42 hours in the water. She made a second try in August, but she was pulled from the water after 60 miles and almost 29 hours of swimming. She blamed a shoulder injury she suffered early in the journey and an 11-hour-long asthma attack. She said people inspired by her efforts should continue to train their bodies, test their wills and dream big. And, said said, not being able finish the crossing against such odds was no sign of failure, for her or her team. "There's so much boldness in living life this way, and we did it all, and no one can take it away from us," she said.
highlights: Swimmer Diana Nyad says she will not attempt Cuba-to-Florida crossing again . Nyad says toxic jellyfish are too much to overcome . "It's not easy for me to let go of this dream," she said .
id: 7a7cd171f4a5cbd1d67571d4681204a397ae8d04
chatgpt: Diana Nyad, the veteran long-distance swimmer who made waves when she completed the Cuba-to-Florida crossing in 2013, has announced that she will not attempt the difficult feat again. Speaking to reporters on Thursday, Nyad said that the presence of toxic jellyfish in the waters had made the task insurmountable. "It's not easy for me to let go of this dream," Nyad said. "But I have to acknowledge the reality that the jellyfish are too much to overcome. I don't think it's safe or responsible for me to keep trying." Nyad's announcement comes after several unsuccessful attempts to make the crossing in recent years. She first attempted the swim in 1978, but was forced to abandon it due to weather conditions. Since then, she has made several more attempts, including a 2011 effort that ended when she suffered severe jellyfish stings. Despite these setbacks, Nyad persevered, and in 2013, she finally succeeded in making the crossing, becoming the first person to do so without a protective cage. The swim, which took her over 53 hours to complete, was hailed as a triumph of human endurance. However, Nyad's subsequent attempts to repeat the feat were fraught with difficulty, as she struggled to avoid the swarms of jellyfish that infest the waters between Cuba and Florida. These creatures, known as box jellyfish, are among the most venomous in the world, and their sting can cause severe pain and even death. In recent years, Nyad has employed a range of tactics to try and combat the jellyfish, including wearing a full-body suit and using a special jellyfish repellent. However, these measures have proven largely ineffective, and Nyad has suffered repeated stings and health problems as a result. Now, at 72 years of age, Nyad has decided to call time on her Cuba-to-Florida dreams. "I've given it my best shot," she said. "But the reality is that the jellyfish are just too much for me. I don't want to put myself or anyone else at risk." While Nyad's decision marks the end of a long and storied career, she remains an inspiration to swimmers and athletes around the world. Her courage, determination, and grit in the face of adversity have earned her the admiration of countless fans, and her legacy will continue to inspire generations to come. As Nyad steps back from the Cuba-to-Florida crossing, she has announced that she will focus her energy on other challenges and pursuits. "There are still so many things I want to do," she said. "I'm not done yet."