article: They're the most powerful couple in the country but President Barack Obama and the First Lady Michelle Obama say they're sometimes still treated like the help. Speaking to People Magazine, the first lady recounts a trip to Target when a fellow customer asked for assistance with an item -- not recognizing her as the wife of the President of the United States. "She didn't see me as the first lady, she saw me as someone who could help her," Mrs. Obama said. "Those kinds of things happen in life. So it isn't anything new." The president said he -- like many African-American men -- had been mistaken for a valet. "There's no black male my age, who's a professional, who hasn't come out of a restaurant and is waiting for their car and somebody didn't hand them their car keys," he told the magazine. Obama said those indignities don't compare to the violent struggle for equal rights waged a generation ago. But he said it's concerning when law enforcement regards African-American men with undue suspicion. "It's one thing for me to be mistaken for a waiter at a gala. It's another thing for my son to be mistaken for a robber and to be handcuffed, or worse, if he happens to be walking down the street and is dressed the way teenagers dress," he said. The Obamas comments come after a spate of incidents that involve police and race -- in two cases, grand juries failed to indict police officers responsible for the deaths of unarmed black men, leading to angry protests. Some have called on Obama to take a firmer stand against aggressive police tactics. The White House announced earlier this month a review panel to look into the relationship between communities and police forces nationwide.
highlights: Obamas spoke to People Magazine . Couple spoke about role of race in America .
id: 0409e35fdf1185b30a3f9bde81ac4ce4d28689a5
chatgpt: Former President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama recently spoke to People Magazine about the role of race in America. The power couple, who have been vocal advocates for social justice, opened up about their experiences with racism and the need for progress. Barack Obama spoke about the progress that has been made in recent years, including the impact of the Black Lives Matter movement. However, he acknowledged that there is still a long way to go in terms of racial equality. "There's been progress, but it has been uneven," Obama said. "It's important for us to acknowledge that and not sugarcoat the challenges that we face." Michelle Obama echoed her husband's sentiments, sharing her own experiences with racism and the impact it has had on her life. She also emphasized the importance of having honest conversations about race and the need for continued education and understanding. "We have to be able to talk to each other and listen to each other, even when we disagree," Michelle Obama said. "That's the only way we can move forward." The couple also discussed the role that young people can play in driving change and pushing for progress. With the ongoing protests against police brutality and systemic racism, the Obamas expressed their optimism about the future and the potential for young people to create meaningful change. "We've seen young people lead in ways that are inspiring and give us hope," Barack Obama said. Overall, the Obamas' interview with People Magazine shed light on the ongoing fight for racial justice in America. While progress has been made, there is still much work to be done. However, with leaders like the Obamas and a new generation of activists leading the way, there is reason to hope for a brighter future.