article: Shocking: Anne Diamond provoked a backlash from Sky News viewers after she appeared to make light of Megan Stammers' eloping with Jeremy Forrest . Anne Diamond caused outrage yesterday after she flippantly dismissed the hunt for Megan Stammers as ‘a bit so whatish’. The former breakfast TV presenter said the age gap between the missing teenager, 15, and her maths teacher Jeremy Forrest, 30, was ‘not sickeningly huge’. Her comments – made during Tuesday evening’s paper review on Sky News – prompted a wave of angry comments from viewers who said the 58-year-old was ‘out of touch’. Miss Diamond, who has four children with ex-husband Mike Hollingsworth, 68, began by telling Sky News presenter Anna Jones: ‘Clearly, this is wrong. 'He shouldn’t have done it and he must be tracked down and he must be brought to book for it, but it’s just got everybody talking about relationships others had with their teachers. ‘She’s 15, he’s twenty-something.’ The presenter interrupted to correct Miss Diamond about Forrest’s age but undeterred she continued: ‘At any rate, it’s not a sickeningly huge age gap.’ Ignoring the fact that Megan is still classed as a minor, she added: ‘I’m not making light of what is a crime here...but nevertheless, again I feel it’s a bit so whatish.’ Miss Diamond’s remarks come as the hunt continues for the pair following their apparent elopement to France. Her words sparked an almost immediate backlash among Twitter users. Diamond, 58, said the age gap between Megan, left, and Forrest, right, was not 'sickeningly huge' Jennifer de Santos wrote: ‘Anne Diamond . just said “So what?” regarding Megan Stammers on Sky News. How utterly . appalling and senseless.’ Eloped: Megan and Forrest were last seen on CCTV holding hands on the ferry . Lynn Ede wrote: ‘Cannot believe Anne Diamond on Sky News is saying can’t understand “big” press on runaway pupil with teacher! Have to say, presenter on Sky News also looked pretty shocked at Anne Diamond’s views...’ Richard Dixon wrote: ‘Bizarrely complacent attitude from Anne Diamond on Sky News re girl running off with teacher at school with poor safeguarding record.’ Another user told Miss Diamond: ‘I cannot believe what I have just heard you say. Out of touch. That teacher is a disgrace to all in the profession.’ Paul Bradley added: ‘Anne Diamond on Sky papers. What a travesty. More clueless than she was in the 80s!’ Miss Diamond, who presents a radio show on BBC Berkshire, was unavailable for comment last night. A spokesman for Sky News said: ‘We do not necessarily condone or agree with comments made by our guests.’ Ofcom, the broadcasting regulator, said it had so far not received any complaints about Miss Diamond’s comments.
highlights: Pair are still missing in France after CCTV showed them holding hands on ferry .
id: 4a1cc6f719e63c9c70dbac22fbbacb112267f7a2
chatgpt: French authorities are still searching for two individuals who went missing on a ferry crossing from Dover to Calais. The pair were spotted on CCTV holding hands as they boarded the ferry but have not been seen since. Search and rescue teams have been scouring the coastal areas of France since receiving the distress call from the ferry operators. A spokesperson for the ferry company said, “We are deeply concerned for the welfare of these two individuals and our thoughts are with their families and loved ones at this difficult time. We have been working closely with the authorities in France and the UK to locate them and we will continue to do everything we can to support the search efforts”. The missing pair have been identified as a British man in his early 20s and a French woman in her mid-30s. It is unclear what their relationship is or why they were travelling together. However, their families have released statements appealing for any information that may help locate them. The search has been complicated by the strong currents and rough seas in the area, which have made it difficult for rescue teams to access certain parts of the coastline. The French authorities have deployed helicopters, boats and divers to search the area but so far there has been no sign of the missing individuals. Coastal residents have also joined in the search efforts, combing the beaches and cliffs for any sign of the missing couple. Many have expressed their concern and sympathy for the families and hope for a positive outcome. The incident has raised questions about ferry safety and security measures. While CCTV footage is available on most ferries, it is not clear how effective it is in preventing incidents like this. The ferry company has stated that it is conducting a full review of its security protocols and procedures to ensure the safety of its passengers. This is not the first time that a search and rescue operation has taken place in this area. The English Channel is known for its rough waters and has claimed many lives over the years. Rescue teams are often called upon to respond to emergencies and accidents in the area. As the search and rescue operation continues, the families and friends of the missing couple are anxiously awaiting any news on their whereabouts. The authorities are urging anyone with information to come forward and assist with the search efforts. “We are doing everything we can to locate these individuals and bring them home safely. We urge anyone who may have seen them or has any information to come forward and contact us immediately. Every piece of information could be crucial in finding them”, said a spokesperson for the French authorities.