article: Supermarket giant Coles is facing a hefty fine of at least $4 million for lying to shoppers about the freshness of its bread. Last year, Coles was found guilty for its ‘made today, sold today’ slogan, which was deemed misleading by the Federal Court in June. The supermarket was slapped with a three-year ban to no longer promote its bread as baked on the day it is sold or made from fresh dough. But lawyers for Coles claimed that the average shopper 'doesn't care' that the supermarket's in-store bread offering isn't entirely fresh, the Sydney Morning Herald reports. The Federal Court banned Coles from advertising its par-baked bread from being baked fresh on the day it is sold for three years . The falsified fresh bread has generated a revenue of about $300 million for Coles . After an investigation into the marketing tactics conducted by the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission (ACCC), the Federal Court on Tuesday has sought penalties of at least $4-$5 million over the breaches to the Australian consumer law. The falsely labelled bread has generated an income of around $300 million over three years before former premier Jeff Kennett found that the some of the bread that was advertised as fresh was actually made in Ireland. In many instances, the breads were partially baked in factories overseas, frozen, and shipped to Australia months later to be sold as freshly baked loaves to consumers. Coles was also ordered to display a Federal Court corrective notice in its stores and on its website informing shoppers that it had broken Australian consumer law by falsely advertising bread products as 'Baked Today, Sold Today' and 'Freshly Baked In-Store'. After a thorough investigation, the ACCC is seeking $4-5million in penalties from the supermarket giant . The ban only applies to products that are partially baked off-site and then finished in-store. They also reported that Coles lawyer, Phillip Crutchfield, SC, said 'just because we're big, we shouldn't get hit with a record fine,' but Colin Golvan, SC, said a hefty fine was appropriate as 'this case is one in which consumers are led to the cash register on the basis of misconceptions about the manufacturing process.' UPDATE: Coles has been ordered to pay $2.5 million in penalties .
highlights: ACCC seeking $4-5million in penalties from Coles . Slogan 'made today, sold today' deemed false and misleading . Par baked products from overseas were labelled as 'freshly baked in-store . Federal Court still to give decision on penalties from Tuesday's hearing .
id: 9444bee6574eaef14a015ecd4585a85f4d439042
chatgpt: The Australian Competition and Consumer Commission (ACCC) is seeking penalties of $4-5 million from Coles, Australia’s second-largest supermarket chain, after the retailer allegedly engaged in false and misleading conduct with its "made today, sold today" slogan. The catchphrase, which was used by Coles in its in-store bakeries, was found to be misleading and deceptive, as some of the bread products were par-baked overseas and then finished off in-store. These products were then incorrectly labelled as "freshly baked in-store". The ACCC took legal action against Coles back in December 2019, citing four instances where the supermarket chain engaged in conduct that was likely to mislead consumers. This included instances where par-baked bread products were labelled as freshly baked in-store at five different Coles outlets across Melbourne. The Federal Court of Australia wrapped up hearings on Tuesday and it is still to give a decision on the penalties that Coles should be subjected to for its conduct. Coles' defence counsel argued that the "made today, sold today" slogan referred to the start and end of the baking process, rather than the entire process of producing the bread products. However, the presiding judge noted that most customers would interpret the phrase as referring to the final production of the bread, including the baking of the dough. The ruling comes as a significant blow to Coles, as the supermarket chain has been heavily promoting its in-store bakeries in recent years. The chain has sought to differentiate itself from rivals such as Woolworths and Aldi by highlighting its fresh food credentials. The ACCC's successful legal action against Coles comes as part of a broader crackdown on misleading conduct by Australia's major supermarket chains. Earlier this year, Woolworths was forced to pay $1 million in penalties for similar conduct involving its “Baked Today, Sold Today" slogan. The ACCC's Chairman Rod Sims has expressed hope that these legal actions will serve as a warning to other businesses. "Consumers are often willing to pay a premium for food products that they perceive to be fresh, and so it is important that large companies take their obligations in this space seriously", Mr Sims said in a statement. The decision on the penalties to be imposed on Coles is expected in the coming weeks.