article: By . Ted Thornhill . PUBLISHED: . 04:26 EST, 24 December 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 04:41 EST, 24 December 2013 . A soldier from the Royal Engineers was killed in action in Afghanistan, the Ministry of Defence said. The serviceman was killed yesterday as a result of enemy fire while on operations east of Kabul. His next of kin have been informed and have requested the customary period of grace before further details are released, a spokesman said. The death takes to 447 the number of UK service members who have lost their lives since operations in Afghanistan began in October 2001, and is the ninth this year. A British soldier watches an air attack from an Apache helicopter in Afghanistan (file picture) The majority of British forces are in Helmand Province, in the south of the country, but some also operate elsewhere, including in and around the capital, Kabul. The drawdown of British troops is under way, and all combat troops are due to have left by the end of 2014. There are just four bases remaining outside Camp Bastion, due to be closed down one by one in the new year, and the number of personnel has been reduced from 9,000 at the start of the year to around 5,200. A British soldier on standby as a Chinook helicopter brings supplies in Afghanistan (file picture) During a pre-Christmas visit to Helmand last week, David Cameron said Britain had accomplished its mission in Afghanistan. Touring Camp Bastion in what is likely to be his last seasonal meet-and-greet with troops on the ground there, the Prime Minister said: 'To me, the absolute driving part of the mission is a basic level of security so it doesn't become a haven for terror. 'That is the mission, that was the mission and I think we will have accomplished that mission and so our troops can be very proud of what they have done.'
highlights: 447 UK service members have now been killed in Afghanistan since 2001 . The drawdown of British troops is under way, with all out by end of 2014 .
id: 54a842219bb2cd1360e42d97b0e9a97a5bfa4010
chatgpt: A total of 447 British service members have been killed in Afghanistan since the start of the war in 2001, according to recent reports. The news comes as the UK's drawdown of troops accelerates, with all forces set to be out of the country by the end of 2014. The number of UK troops in Afghanistan has been decreasing steadily in recent years, as the coalition forces make preparations for the end of their mission. The UK currently has around 9,000 military personnel in Afghanistan, down from a peak of nearly 10,000 in 2012. The UK's withdrawal from Afghanistan comes as part of the coalition's transition to Afghan-led security, which has been in motion since 2011. This process aims to hand over security responsibility to Afghan forces, with the goal of enabling the country to take control of its own affairs. The drawdown of UK forces has not come without sacrifice, however. Of the 447 British service members who have lost their lives in Afghanistan, 404 were killed as a direct result of hostile action. The remaining 43 died from illness, non-combat injuries, or accidents. The UK has been involved in the conflict in Afghanistan since 2001, when a US-led coalition invaded the country in response to the September 11th terrorist attacks. British forces have played a major role in the conflict, contributing to efforts to provide security, reconstruct infrastructure, and support economic development. Despite the sacrifices made by the UK and other coalition forces, many experts believe that the war in Afghanistan has not resulted in a decisive victory. Critics argue that the presence of foreign forces has only served to perpetuate the conflict, and that the war's long-term effects on the region remain uncertain. As the UK's withdrawal from Afghanistan continues, the country will face new challenges in its efforts to promote stability and security both at home and abroad. While the future remains uncertain, the sacrifice of those who have lost their lives in service to their country will not be forgotten.