article: (EW.com) -- In a surprisingly close race, "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows -- Part 1" held on to its box-office crown Friday by grossing $20.8 million, according to early estimates. That's a 66 percent drop from the fantasy film's opening last Friday, which was inflated due to an enormous turnout at Thursday midnight screenings. If "Deathly Hallows" follows the Thanksgiving trajectory of "Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire" -- the last Potter film to open in November -- the PG-13 movie should finish the weekend with about $50 million. That would bring "Deathly Hallows'" 10-day tally to $220 million, making it the 10th greatest 10-day gross in box-office history and the best ever for a Potter flick. But Friday wasn't only a celebration for wizards, as Disney's animated musical "Tangled" came in close behind with $19.7 million. The PG movie, which debuted Wednesday, has grossed $39.7 million so far, and has a shot at overtaking "Deathly Hallows" for the three-day weekend. If that happens, it'd be due to one reason: incredible word-of-mouth. CinemaScore audiences rated the fairy-tale film an "A+" -- the first movie this year to garner the rare grade. Even more impressive is the fact that while moviegoers under the age of 25 rated "Tangled" an "A," those over the age of 25 gave it an "A+." Clearly this retelling of Rapunzel is delivering for all age groups, and when that happens, watch out. "Tangled" is on pace to finish second this weekend with about $47 million, but again, it could very well upset Potter for first place. Seems the lesson here is: Never underestimate a woman with ridiculously long hair. The next five films are fairly clumped together, and their positions could swap by Sunday night. DreamWorks Animation's "Megamind" came in third on Friday, grossing $5.3 million for an actual increase of 41 percent from last week. In fourth place was the action thriller "Unstoppable," which gained 13 percent from last week for $4.6 million. After that were this week's three other new releases. The Cher-Christina Aguilera musical "Burlesque" fared best, bringing in $4.5 million on Friday. Despite mediocre reviews, audiences liked the PG-13 film -- CinemaScore moviegoers graded it an "A-.". The R-rated romantic comedy "Love and Other Drugs," starring Jake Gyllenhaal and Anne Hathaway, was next in sixth place with $3.8 million. And "Faster," Dwayne Johnson's return to the action genre, rounded out the top seven with $3.2 million. 1. Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows -- Part 1 -- $20.8 mil . 2. Tangled -- $19.7 mil . 3. Megamind -- $5.3 mil . 4. Unstoppable -- $4.6 mil . 5. Burlesque -- $4.5 mil . 6. Love and Other Drugs -- $3.8 mil . 7. Faster -- $3.2 mil . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly . © 2010 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. All rights reserved.
highlights: "Deathly Hallows" grossed $20.8 million, a 66 percent drop from last Friday's opening . "Tangled," which scored an "A+" from CinemaScore, came in second with $19.7 million . No other movies grossed more than $6 million this weekend . "Unstoppable" gained 13 percent from last week with $4.6 million .
id: 7c00019f935f921432c20a8e27f22282737c2d51
chatgpt: The box office numbers are in for this weekend, and it appears that "Deathly Hallows" is experiencing a steep decline in revenue. While the movie managed to earn an impressive $61.2 million on its opening weekend, this Friday's numbers reveal that the film's gross has dropped by a whopping 66 percent. "Deathly Hallows" managed to rake in $20.8 million this weekend, which is no small figure, but is certainly not on par with the movie's opening weekend financial success. Taking advantage of "Deathly Hallows'" slump was "Tangled," which came in second place with earnings of $19.7 million. The animated film, based on the classic fairy tale of Rapunzel, has so far won over audiences with its charming humor and emotional resonance. It seems that the CinemaScore, which gave "Tangled" an "A+," wasn't wrong in its assessment of the movie's mass appeal. But with "Deathly Hallows" and "Tangled" claiming the top two spots, no other films managed to gross more than $6 million this weekend. Even the action thriller "Unstoppable," which saw a 13 percent increase in ticket sales compared to last week, only managed to earn $4.6 million this time around. It's worth noting that "Deathly Hallows" and "Tangled" both have a similar target audience, so it shouldn't be surprising that the two movies have been competing for viewership. However, with the disparity in earnings between this weekend and last, it seems that "Tangled" may actually be having a bigger impact than initially anticipated. Of course, it's not all doom and gloom for "Deathly Hallows." The movie has already earned over $284 million worldwide, and its domestic total is expected to surpass $200 million within the next few days. Additionally, "Deathly Hallows" can expect to see a boost in revenue once the holiday season rolls around, as many families and groups of friends will be heading to the theaters to enjoy the latest installment in the "Harry Potter" franchise. But for now, it seems that "Tangled" has managed to steal some of "Deathly Hallows'" thunder. The animated film has already earned over $96 million domestically, and with an "A+" CinemaScore to back it up, it's likely that the movie will continue to attract audiences in the coming weeks. As for the other movies in theaters, it's clear that they simply can't compete with the success of "Deathly Hallows" and "Tangled." While "Unstoppable" saw an increase in revenue, it's clear that the film hasn't quite captured the attention of audiences in the same way that the top two movies have. Overall, it's been an interesting weekend for movies at the box office. While "Deathly Hallows" may not be seeing the same level of financial success as it did last weekend, the film is still performing well, and is likely only going to improve as the holiday season approaches. But for now, it seems that "Tangled" is the movie to beat, and it will be interesting to see how it fares in the coming weeks.