article: A group of masked clowns attacked a young man's face with cavity filler during a terrifying Halloween prank. Michael Day feared he would lose his sight after the reckless pranksters sprayed the quick-drying filler over his face as he was walking home from a party in Southend-on-Sea, Essex, on Saturday. The 21-year-old initially thought he had been struck was shaving foam but began to panic when it began to solidify around his face, fusing his eyes together. Michael Day was sprayed with cavity filler by a group of masked clowns during a terrifying Halloween attack in Southend-on-Sea, Essex . The 21-year-old initially thought he had been struck was shaving foam but began to panic when it began to solidify around his face, fusing his eyes together . He said: 'They came at me from behind and even though they had masks I get the feeling they were younger than me. 'I think it was meant to be a prank and they did not realise that cavity filler solidifies. It was a stupid thing to do. I could have lost my sight.' After the attack, Mr Day had to shave off all his hair because hospital staff said there was no other way of removing the hardened foam. He added: 'At first I just thought they had sprayed shaving foam on me. 'It was when I got back to my mum's house and it would not come off that I realised what had happened. 'My clothes are ruined and I have had to shave all my hair off. On Sunday I went to the hospital to see if they could help get it off my skin, but they said there was nothing they could give me.' The young man, who feared he would lose his sight as it began to solidify around his eyes, had to shave off his hair because the filler could not be removed . His mother Lyn Day is urging witnesses to come forward so she can track down her son's attackers. She said: 'When he arrived he was covered in the cavity filler. It was all over his clothes and hair. 'As we tried to get the foam off it was taking parts of his skin with it and it looked as though the chemicals were burning his skin. 'I just want to warn people that this has been going on.' Anyone with information about the incident should call Southend police on 101.
highlights: Michael Day was walking home from a party in Southend-on-Sea, Essex . He was approached by gang of teenagers who sprayed product in his face . Mr Day feared he would lose his sight as it began to solidify around his eyes .
id: e6061dfb4b6575e8dc4936c34c598f88aecb2b50
chatgpt: A man's evening stroll turned into a nightmare as he was attacked by a group of teenagers in Southend-on-Sea, Essex. Michael Day was walking home from a party when he was confronted by the gang who sprayed a substance in his face. What followed was a harrowing ordeal, as the substance began to solidify around his eyes, leaving him fearing for his sight. The attack happened late at night as Mr. Day was making his way home after attending a party in the area. The gang of teenagers approached him and without warning sprayed him with an unknown substance which quickly began to cause a great deal of discomfort. The substance, which has yet to be identified, began to solidify around his eyes, with Mr. Day fearing that he would lose his sight. The police were immediately notified, and Mr. Day was taken to a nearby hospital for treatment. Thankfully, doctors were able to treat him quickly, and his sight was saved. However, the attack has left Mr. Day shaken, and he remains concerned about the attackers being caught. The incident has caused alarm among residents in the area, with many expressing concern about the safety of the area. One local resident, who did not want to be named, said: "I'm shocked and appalled that something like this could happen in our community. It's scary to think that you can't even walk home from a party without being attacked by a group of teenagers." Essex Police have launched an investigation and are appealing for anyone with information to come forward. Detective Inspector Emma Jones said: "This was a particularly nasty attack that has left the victim extremely shaken. We are appealing for anyone who may have seen anything suspicious in the area at the time of the attack to come forward and speak to us." The incident has once again highlighted the issue of gang violence, with many concerned that young people are becoming increasingly involved in criminal activity. Commenting on the attack, Dr. Patrick Green, CEO of the Ben Kinsella Trust, a charity that works to educate young people about the dangers of knife crime and gang culture, said: "This attack is a stark reminder of the dangers of gang violence. We need to do more to educate young people about the risks and consequences of getting involved in gang culture." The attack on Mr. Day is just one of many incidents of violent crime that have taken place in Essex in recent months. Local authorities are under increasing pressure to take action to tackle the issue, with many calling for tougher penalties for those convicted of violent crimes. In conclusion, the attack on Michael Day has highlighted the rising concerns around gang violence in the area. The incident has left Mr. Day shaken and residents concerned about the safety of the area. Essex Police have launched an investigation and are appealing for anyone with information to come forward. The attack is a stark reminder of the dangers of gang violence and the need for more education and tougher penalties for those involved in such crimes.