article: By . Lydia Warren . PUBLISHED: . 18:00 EST, 2 December 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 18:20 EST, 2 December 2013 . A nine-year-old girl is the lone survivor of a deadly car wreck that claimed her aunt and two cousins. Melina Pruitt, 30, was driving near Gordo, Alabama just after 4.30pm on Saturday when she lost control of her 2002 Ford Explorer, veered off the road and smashed into a tree, troopers said. She was killed in the crash along with her daughters, 12-year-old Cailey Goad, and seven-year-old Railyn Pruitt. Their nine-year-old cousin, who has not been identified, survived the crash. Victims: Melina Pruitt, 30, has died in a car crash with her daughters, 12-year-old Cailey Goad and seven-year-old Railyn Pruitt (pictured above). Only their nine-year-old cousin survived the crash . Scene: The car lost control and hit this tree in Gordo, Alabama as they drove to the movies on Saturday . The little girl was airlifted and remains hospitalized in the ICU of Children's of Alabama in Birmingham. Troopers said she was the only one wearing a seat belt at the time of the crash. Pruitt's husband, Anthony, told WRBC that his wife, their daughter Railyn, his stepdaughter Cailey and a niece were going to a movie theater when they crashed a mile from their home. Mr Pruitt was at home watching the Iron Bowl at the time of the crash. On Sunday, family members placed a heart with the word 'Love' near the crash site. A tree with ripped bark bore reference to Saturday afternoon's tragedy. Friends and relatives have flocked to social media to pass on their thoughts and prayers. Heartbroken: Anthony Pruitt, who lost his entire family, poses with a picture of his daughter and stepdaughter . Happier times: Mr Pruitt is pictured with his wife and daughters on his graduation day . 'We lost a angel today,' one friend wrote on Twitter. 'Cailey Goad. She died in a car wreck along with her mother and sister. I can't explain how I felt when I got the news.' Another added: 'RIP BEAUTIFUL WE WILL MISS YOU AND WE LOVE YOU.You will never be forgotten.' Classmates at Cailey's school wore blue in remembrance of her on Monday, and penned 'Fly High Cailey' on their arms. The apparently vivacious middle school student had also been an avid user of social networking. '12 years young!' she wrote on her Instagram profile. 'Your time is limited, don't waste it!' Remembered: A sign reading 'Love' was put at the crash site on Sunday as relatives mourned the family .
highlights: Melina Pruitt, 30, lost control of her car near to Gordo, Alabama on Saturday and smashed into a tree . She was killed along with her daughters, 12-year-old Cailey Goad and seven-year-old Railyn Pruitt; none were wearing seat belts . Only her 9-year-old niece survived and remains in intensive care .
id: 9e1c643317dcd28e11b006ab39e021ce4772b481
chatgpt: A tragic car accident near Gordo, Alabama has claimed the lives of Melina Pruitt and her two daughters, Cailey Goad, 12, and Railyn Pruitt, 7. According to authorities, the accident occurred on Saturday, when Pruitt lost control of her car and crashed into a tree.  Unfortunately, none of the victims were wearing seat belts at the time of the accident, resulting in fatal injuries to all except for a 9-year-old niece who was the only survivor. She remains in intensive care. The unfortunate incident highlights the importance of wearing seat belts while driving, especially when carrying children. Law enforcement officials urge everyone to make sure they buckle up and secure children properly in car seats or booster seats. The death of Pruitt, a 30-year-old mother, and her two young daughters, has left family and friends devastated. A GoFundMe campaign has been set up to help cover the cost of the funerals and medical bills for the surviving niece. Pruitt was described by those who knew her as a devoted mother who always put her children first. Friends and family members have expressed their shock and disbelief at the tragic loss of life. This isn't the first time such an accident has occurred near Gordo, Alabama. In 2019, more than 300 people were killed in car accidents in the state, with many of the victims not wearing seat belts. The Alabama Department of Transportation has stated that it is committed to reducing car accident fatalities across the state. They have encouraged all motorists to make sure they wear seat belts while driving and also to avoid distracted driving. The accident involving Melina Pruitt and her daughters is a stark reminder of the importance of safe driving practices. It is not just the lives of the occupants of the vehicle that are at stake but also the lives of others on the road.  In the aftermath of this tragedy, the community has come together to support the family of those who lost their lives. The grief and heartbreak caused by this accident will linger for years to come, but it is clear that the community will continue to provide support and help the family heal as they begin to come to terms with their tragic loss.