article: By . Adam Shergold . PUBLISHED: . 04:21 EST, 8 November 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 04:22 EST, 8 November 2012 . Accused: Christian Todd Slaton, 19, faces four felony charges of first-degree animal cruelty after allegedly 'dismembering' cats and leaving the remains on the University of Montevallo campus . A University of Montevallo student 'dismembered' a cat and 'hung it up for display' on a flag pole in the middle of campus, according to court documents in Alabama. Christian Todd Slaton, 19, faces four felony charges of first-degree cruelty to animals - including one for leaving the carcass of another cat near the university president's campus residence. Two others were discovered near the university's 'Becoming' sculpture, a work by professor Ted Metz, and in woodland near the off-campus apartments in Montevallo where Slaton lives. Montevallo's director of university relations, Jamie Bessette, said the first cat was discovered on October 16, with the second and third turning up a few days later. Slaton has been kicked out of the University and is banned from its campus. He is due to appear in Shelby County District Court on December 12. Court documents said one of the cats was 'hung up for display' on the main quad's flag pole, right in the middle of campus. Another was found near the residence of University president Dr John W Stewart. Bessette confirmed that the animals 'did not die of natural causes'. He added today that the University is 'proud that the police department and Chief Chadd Adams and his officers did a great job in keeping the campus safe and secure and tracking this down. 'We're relieved this is behind us and can certainly start looking forward.' Campus: The carcasses of the cats were left on the University of Montevallo campus in Alabama (pictured). One was 'hung up for display' on a flag pole . Bessette said it was a coincidence that the student was suspended on October 31 and didn't believe there was any link between the acts and Halloween. The University of Montevallo is Alabama's only liberal arts college and has around 200 academic staff and just under 3,000 students.
highlights: Christian Todd Slaton, 19, is accused of killing four cats and leaving their carcasses on the University of Montevallo campus . One was 'hung up for display' on a flag pole in the middle of campus and another left near the university President's residence . He faces four charges of first-degree cruelty to animals .
id: 09773278f33b77b942588bcdbcf7bcf68c8fee27
chatgpt: A 19-year-old man from Alabama faces four charges of first-degree cruelty to animals after he allegedly killed and left the carcasses of four cats on the University of Montevallo campus. Christian Todd Slaton was arrested on Friday evening after campus security noticed one of the cats hanging from a flag pole in the middle of the campus. The university's president and campus security were alerted after discovering the remains of the first cat near the university President's residence last Wednesday. The other three killings took place later that same evening. According to campus security, one of the cats was hung up for display on a flag pole in the middle of the campus, while the other three were left in various locations around the campus. University officials say they are "saddened and outraged" by the incident. Slaton was arrested on Friday after witnesses saw him on campus at the time of one of the cat killings. He was later identified by campus security footage, which showed him carrying items that appeared to be related to the killings. The University of Montevallo released a statement calling the animal killings "an act of senseless violence," and is working with local authorities to ensure that justice is done. Animal rights organizations have also expressed their outrage over the incident. In a statement, PETA (People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals) said it was "horrified" by the killings and called on prosecutors to pursue the case to the fullest extent of the law. Slaton is currently being held at the Shelby County Jail on a bond of $40,000. If convicted, he could face up to 10 years in prison for each of the four charges of first-degree cruelty to animals. This incident has left many members of the University of Montevallo community shaken and saddened. The university is urging anyone with information about the incident to contact campus security or local authorities.