article: (CNN) -- The author of a new tell-all book claims she lost her virginity to President John F. Kennedy when she was a 19-year-old White House intern, and that the affair lasted 18 months. The book, "Once Upon a Secret: My Affair with President John F. Kennedy and Its Aftermath," will be available Wednesday, but CNN was able to buy a copy Monday. The alleged affair began in the summer of 1962, while Mimi Alford worked in the White House press office. She met Kennedy four days into her internship, and was invited for a personal tour of the residence a day later by the commander-in-chief after being served daiquiris, she says in Chapter 4 of the book. "Slowly, he unbuttoned the top of my shirtdress and touched my breasts," Alford said in the book. "Then he reached up between my legs and started to pull off my underwear. I finished unbuttoning my shirtdress and let it fall off my shoulders." "After he finished, he hitched up his pants and smiled at me" pointing her to the bathroom. "I was in shock," she writes. "He, on the other hand, was matter-of-fact, and acted as if what had just occurred was the most natural thing in the world." The White House arranged for a car for her, she said. On the ride home, it "kept echoing in my head: I'm not a virgin anymore." "In an era when women in the workplace were still considered 'girls,' Mimi was literally a girl herself -- naive, innocent, emotionally unprepared for the thrill that came when the president's charisma and power were turned on her full-force," according to the website of the book's publisher, Random House. "She was also unprepared for the feelings of isolation that would follow as she fell into the double life of a college student who was also the secret lover of the most powerful man in the world." Fifty years later, Alford is now a 69-year-old grandmother and retired New York City church administrator, the Post reported. Following Kennedy's assassination, Alford "grieved in private, locked her secret away and tried to start her life anew, only to find that her past would cast a long shadow -- and ultimately destroy her relationship with the man she married," Random House said. In 2003, a Kennedy biographer mentioned "a tall, slender, beautiful 19-year-old college sophomore and White House intern, who worked in the press office" when referencing one of the president's affairs, the publisher's website said. "The disclosure set off a tabloid frenzy and soon exposed Mimi and the secret that she had kept for 41 years." The publisher describes the book as "a new and personal depiction of one of our most iconic leaders and a powerful, moving story of a woman coming to terms with her past and moving out of the shadows to reclaim the truth." CNN's Dominique Dodley contributed to this report.
highlights: Mimi Alford is now a 69-year-old grandmother . The author says her affair with John F. Kennedy lasted 18 months . "I'm not a virgin anymore," Alford recounts after first encounter with Kennedy . The alleged affair took place in the summer of 1962, according to her book .
id: 52a1278027c6deb0d879c832277caf8312526182
chatgpt: Mimi Alford, now a 69-year-old grandmother, has come forward with a shocking revelation about her alleged affair with President John F. Kennedy. According to her book, the affair lasted 18 months, and began in the summer of 1962. In her book, Alford recounts the details of her first encounter with Kennedy. She remembers thinking that he was handsome and charming, and couldn't believe that he was interested in her. After their first sexual encounter, Alford says that she felt both excited and frightened. "I'm not a virgin anymore," she remembers thinking. Over the course of the next 18 months, Alford says that she and Kennedy had a number of secret encounters. They would often meet at the Carlyle Hotel in New York City, and sometimes even at the White House. Alford describes feeling both exhilarated and guilty about the affair, but says that she couldn't help herself. As news of the alleged affair has spread, many people have expressed disbelief that Kennedy would have risked his reputation and his presidency for a young intern. However, Alford says that her experience was not unique. She recalls that many of the people who worked for Kennedy were having affairs, and that the culture of the time was very different from what it is today. Despite the scandal, Alford says that she still has fond memories of her time with Kennedy. She remembers him as being kind and generous, and says that he often gave her gifts, including a cashmere sweater and a pair of diamond earrings. In the years since the affair, Alford has kept her story largely to herself. However, she says that she decided to write the book in order to set the record straight before she dies. She hopes that her story will serve as a cautionary tale for young women who may find themselves in similar situations. The book has already generated a great deal of interest, with many people curious to hear more about Alford's experiences with Kennedy. However, some have criticized her for coming forward so many years after the fact, accusing her of trying to capitalize on the public's fascination with the Kennedy family. Despite the criticism, Alford says that she is glad that she wrote the book, and that she hopes it will help others to understand the complicated nature of relationships. "I don't regret what happened," she says. "But I do think that it's important to be honest about it."