article: (CNN) -- Colombia and the United States signed an agreement Friday that allows U.S. personnel to be stationed at seven military bases in the South American nation. The United States says it needs the bases to help in its fight against terrorists and narcotraffickers, especially since the closure a few months ago of a U.S. base in Ecuador. The United States maintains similar "forward operating locations" in El Salvador and Aruba-Curacao. Colombia's agreement to host the Americans has come under harsh criticism in Latin America, particularly from President Hugo Chavez in neighboring Venezuela. Chavez has likened the agreement to an act of war and accuses the United States of wanting to stage military personnel nearby to destabilize his leftist government. The U.S. forward operating location in Aruba-Curacao is off the northern coast of Venezuela. The United States linked Colombia's agreement to a trade pact the South American nation wants. Colombia also stands to gain from U.S. help in the nation's 45-year-old war against Marxist guerrillas known as the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia, commonly called FARC. Colombian Foreign Minister Jaime Bermudez, Defense Minister Gabriel Silva and Interior and Justice Minister Fabio Valencia Cossio were joined by U.S. Ambassador William Brownfield in signing the document Friday in Bogota, the nation's capital.
highlights: U.S. military personnel may be stationed at seven Colombian bases . U.S. says agreement will help fight against traffickers, terrorists . Venezuelan leader has called agreement an act of war . Colombia wants U.S. aid in 45-year anti-guerrilla battle .
id: 30e56ef463f22fcd130e20e3267888f673984a3e
chatgpt: The United States and Colombia signed an agreement that will allow U.S. military personnel to be stationed at seven Colombian bases. The U.S. military says the agreement will help fight against traffickers and terrorists. However, Venezuelan leader, Hugo Chavez, has called the agreement an act of war. Chavez believes that the United States is planning to use the Colombian bases to carry out an attack on Venezuela.  Colombia has been fighting a 45-year anti-guerrilla battle and they want U.S. aid to help combat the rebels. The agreement with the U.S. will provide much-needed assistance to the Colombian military. However, it has caused tension between Colombia and its neighboring countries, such as Venezuela and Ecuador.  The Colombian government has assured its neighbors that U.S. military personnel will only be used to help fight against drug trafficking and terrorism. They say that the agreement is important for stability in the region.  The U.S. has been involved in Colombia's fight against guerrillas since the early 2000s. They have provided aid to the Colombian military and have trained its soldiers. The agreement will establish a permanent presence of U.S. military personnel in Colombia.  The U.S. government says that the agreement is a symbol of their commitment to helping their allies in the region. However, it remains to be seen how Venezuela will react to the increased U.S. presence in Colombia. The tensions between the United States and Venezuela continue to escalate and this agreement may only add fuel to the fire.