article: (CNN) -- English Premier League side Everton are pondering proposing a ground share with city rivals Liverpool following the rejection of plans for their own 50,000 stadium. Everton had proposed the new $660 million combined stadium and shopping complex for Kirkby, located north-east of the city, but were rejected by the local council. Chief executive Robert Elstone admits the club could be interested in teaming up with their city neighbours at Stanley Park, the planned location for Liverpool's new 61,000 stadium. "We are going to look forward and look forward positively," Elston told the British Press Association. "A shared stadium is perhaps an option if it's affordable." Everton are keen to take advantage of the increased revenue a bigger stadium would bring over their current 40,000-capacity Goodison Park ground. With their Kirkby proposal, which was to be co-funded by British supermarket chain Tesco, looking unlikely to get the go-ahead a ground share with Liverpool would seem an obvious solution especially with the Reds struggling to raise the necessary money to get the development going. "We have to look at where we can raise money, because potentially Liverpool will have to obviously contribute to that, and Liverpool City Council perhaps might need to find some money," added Elston. "We're going to have to start to have those conversations; we're not going to have to be open-minded about solutions." Liverpool's American owners Tom Hicks and George Gillett however have previously said they were opposed to such plans as they did not want to lose out on the revenue streams which come from sole ownership. The Anfield club's position seems unlikely to change, at least in the short term, with their deputy executive director Peter Shaw telling Sky Sports: "It's not on our agenda at the moment. Liverpool are progressing forward with our own stadium. That is the position we are still in." The rejection of the Kirkby stadium proposal is a major blow to Everton's future plans with the club hoping the development would have encouraged much needed investment. "That was the big attraction to Kirkby, that it was affordable," added Elston. "Then it's about reviewing alternatives and sitting down with partners, all the stakeholders in this region and anybody who can help Everton deliver what it needs -- which is a world-class stadium that's going to secure our future for years to come."
highlights: Everton are considering enquiring with city-rivals Liverpool about a possible ground-share . This follows the rejection of plans for their own new stadium by local council officials . Liverpool's owners have previously said they would not be keen on sharing with Everton .
id: 0d106b2c798fb3e08de0f4db72f788d562b75d38
chatgpt: Everton Football Club, based in Liverpool, is reported to be considering a ground-share with city rivals Liverpool. This comes following the rejection of plans for a new stadium of their own by local council officials. The plans put forth by Everton FC for a new stadium at Bramley-Moore Dock in the city were rejected by Liverpool City Council last week. The club had hoped to build a 52,000-seater stadium on the site, but the council cited concerns over the impact the stadium would have on the local area and its heritage. Now, Everton has turned to the possibility of a ground-share with Liverpool in order to secure a new home ground for the club. While Liverpool's owners have previously stated that they would not be keen on sharing their stadium with their rivals, it appears that the idea may be gaining some traction. Sources close to the club suggest that Everton is keen to explore all options, including a possible ground-share with Liverpool. It is unclear at this stage whether discussions have taken place between the two clubs, but it is understood that Everton is interested in exploring the possibility. A ground-share between Everton and Liverpool would be a significant move for both teams, who have a long-standing rivalry dating back decades. However, it could also have benefits for both clubs. Everton would be able to secure a new home ground without the expense of building a new stadium, while Liverpool would be able to generate additional revenue from stadium rentals. Liverpool's stadium, Anfield, is currently undergoing a major renovation, which will increase its capacity to nearly 61,000 seats. This would potentially provide enough space for a ground-share arrangement with Everton, though it remains to be seen whether Liverpool's owners would be willing to entertain such an idea. For Everton, a ground-share with Liverpool could be the best option of securing a new home ground. With plans for the Bramley-Moore Dock site now off the table, the club will need to look at alternative solutions quickly in order to ensure that they have a suitable stadium for the future. Time will tell whether a ground-share between Everton and Liverpool is a realistic option, but it is clear that Everton is determined to explore all possibilities to secure a new home ground for the club.