article: (CNN) -- The fight boxing fans have long been clamoring for has moved a step closer, with undefeated Floyd Mayweather challenging Manny Pacquiao to a showdown on May 5 -- but will it happen? Hopes of the much-anticipated bout dimmed in December when Mayweather, the WBC welterweight champion, was sentenced to a 90-day prison term after being found guilty of domestic violence. However, a Nevada judge ruled last week that the American, who has won all 42 of his professional fights (26 by knockout), could delay reporting to jail until June because he had already lined up a fight in May. And now the 34-year-old has revealed he wants his opponent to be the Philippines' WBO champion -- his longtime rival for the title of best pound-for-pound boxer, and a man he failed to agree a deal with in 2010 after insisting on Olympic-style pre-bout blood testing. Mayweather chose micro-blogging website Twitter to issue his challenge. "Manny Pacquiao I'm calling you out let's fight May 5th and give the world what they want to see," he wrote on Tuesday. "My jail sentence was pushed back because the date was locked in. Step up punk." However, Pacquiao -- who retained his WBO title in his third meeting with Juan Manuel Marquez in November -- issued a statement via his website saying he does not want to fight on that date. "Manny Pacquiao wants to make it clear the fight can happen at the end of May -- Manny wants Floyd to release his grip on May 5th, so the fight can happen for the fans," Wednesday's statement read. Pacquiao has an impressive record, with 54 wins from 59 bouts -- 38 by knockout -- plus three losses and two draws. He is the first man in the sport's history to have won world titles in eight weight divisions. The 33-year-old is rated by Ring Magazine as the best pound-for-pound fighter in the world, with Mayweather second on the 10-man list following September's knockout win over compatriot Victor Ortiz in Las Vegas. Pacquiao has also launched a successful political career and was elected into the Philippine House of Representatives in June 2010.
highlights: Floyd Mayweather has challenged Manny Pacquiao to a fight on May 5 . Mayweather was sentenced to three months in jail for domestic violence in December . The American received permission to delay reporting to jail in order to fight in May . But Pacquiao says he would prefer to finally face his rival at the end of the month .
id: 0949e5320ed12be100346268babad6cc99a5f333
chatgpt: The boxing world is abuzz with talk of a potential rematch between Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao, with the former issuing a challenge for May 5th. Mayweather, who was sentenced to three months in jail in December for domestic violence, received permission to delay his reporting date in order to engage in the fight. However, Pacquiao has stated that he would prefer to face Mayweather at the end of the month. There is no doubt that boxing fans worldwide would be ecstatic to see a rematch between these two champions. Their first meeting in 2015, which Mayweather won by unanimous decision, drew a record 4.6 million pay-per-view buys and grossed over $600 million in revenue. Mayweather, who holds an unbeaten record of 50-0, has been teasing a return to the ring for several months. However, it is unclear if he still possesses the same level of skill and agility that made him one of the most dominant boxers of his era. Meanwhile, Pacquiao has been in fine form, winning three of his last four fights, including a unanimous decision victory over Adrien Broner in January. With the two fighters in seemingly different stages of their careers, a rematch would undoubtedly be a thrilling affair. Pacquiao has stated that he wants to put his skills to the test against the best in the business once again, and a victory over Mayweather would cement his legacy as one of the greatest boxers of all time. However, the logistics of the fight must still be sorted out, with the two fighters needing to come to an agreement on the date and location of the bout. While Mayweather has proposed May 5th, Pacquiao has thrown his weight behind the end of the month, and negotiations are still ongoing. Regardless of when the fight takes place, there is no denying that it would be a landmark moment in the world of boxing. With two of the sport's biggest stars going head-to-head once again, fans everywhere will be eagerly anticipating the outcome of what promises to be an epic encounter. The stage is set for a boxing event that could go down in history.