article: London, England (CNN) -- An international team of climate scientists is calling on the public to help with a new initiative aimed at predicting how the climate will change during the 21st century. Using the collective power of ordinary home computers, scientists from the United Kingdom, United States and South Africa will run thousands of regional climate modeling tests which would otherwise take much longer to complete, even on the most up-to-date supercomputers. The regional modeling project builds on the global modeling work started in 2003 by UK climate scientist Myles Allen and his team at the Atmospheric, Oceanic and Planetary Physics department at the UK's Oxford University. Project coordinator Suzanne Rosier told CNN: "Up to now, participants have run global models for us. What's new today is that the global model you download has a regional model embedded inside it which models in much more detail, and is capable of capturing weather features that the global model is too coarse to capture." With the help of the public's PCs scientists will now start running regional climate models for the western United States, Europe and southern Africa. People interested in signing up to the project can visit http://climateprediction.net/weatherathome/ where they can download all the necessary tools to start running regional climate models from their own computers. "There's a very neat graphics package that gives you rotational globe and a world view. The new experiment gives you the regional view so you can see various things -- temperature, clouds, pressure -- evolving as your model runs," Rosier said. Each regional model takes between five and seven days to complete. There is no limit on users and the program is designed to run when your computer is idle. Rosier says running the climate model will not affect the running speed of your computer. "The more people who sign up, the more science we can do," she said. To date, the global modeling project has attracted over 300,000 participants -- of which 50,000 are dedicated users -- from 138 countries and has run over 90 million model years of climate data. For the regional modeling, Oxford University is being assisted by Oregon State University and South Africa's University of Cape Town. Oregon State will be examining data from models of extreme precipitations in the western United States. Philip Mote, director of the Oregon Climate Change Research Institute at the university, told CNN: "There are early indications from modeling that we might see a big increase in extreme precipitation events. Based on that very immature science people are already making decisions about culvert size and bridge clearances and things like that. "These have real costs associated with them and we hope that in the next couple of years we'll be able to provide much better scientific values for those decisions."
highlights: Scientists in UK and U.S. call for public help to run climate prediction simulations . Using home PCs helps scientists run thousands of climate models . Accurate climate predictions can inform climate protection projects on the ground .
id: bc6d2c45ffbaf794882d23137c9cb22916042f4a
chatgpt: Scientists in the United Kingdom and the United States are calling on the public to help run climate prediction simulations. In a unique effort to gather data that may help in the formulation of accurate climate predictions, these scientists have invited individuals all over the world to lend their home personal computers (PCs) to the cause. The extensive network of volunteered computing power will aid scientists in running thousands of climate models, which will allow researchers to assess the potential effects of climate change. Accurate climate predictions are critical to enable informed planning of various climate protection projects on the ground. The initiative is led by the University of Oxford's climateprediction.net in collaboration with the universities of Princeton, Chicago, and California. They are calling it the "Weather@Home 2." The project's leader, Professor Myles Allen, said that "The sheer volume of computing resource that we have managed to recruit from the public has been incredible. We couldn't have managed it without them." The setup involves using spare power from a participant's personal computer when it's not being used to conduct calculations, to run the simulations. Weather@Home 2 will take data sets for long-term weather patterns and produce thousands of potential future climates, each of which has small variations to account for limited information and natural randomness. With the help of these models, climate researchers can begin to make sense of the range of possible future climates and better predict their effects. Professor Allen also added, "We’re at a stage now where we sincerely need the world’s help to study these extremes, but this is just the beginning, and to keep pace with the severity of global warming, we need to expand this effort by millions." The team behind Weather@Home 2 believes that combining the efforts of thousands of individuals will provide a wealth of data that will allow more accurate predictions and modeling of climate conditions. The project comes amid fears of increasing global temperatures caused by global carbon emissions, and their disastrous effects on the planet. Climate scientists around the world are seeking innovative ways of tackling the issue. The success of the Weather@Home 2 project can be seen as a new way of tapping into the computing resources and power of individual stakeholders globally, and could lead to many such collaborative ventures in the future. In conclusion, the initiative undertaken by scientists in the UK and US is a significant step towards understanding the potential effects of climate change on our planet. It demonstrates the power of collective effort and highlights the need for collaboration to address environmental change.