article: Daytona Beach, Florida (CNN) -- For a sport where speed is king, NASCAR's Daytona 500 this year was one long waiting game. First, rain led race officials to pull the plug Sunday -- the first time in Daytona 500's history. Then, continuing showers led them to re-reschedule the start from noon to Monday evening. When the race finally got underway, a massive fire with 40 laps to go red-flagged it for a couple more hours, pushing the race into a third day. In the end, Matt Kenseth crossed the finish line about 1 a.m. Tuesday, claiming the 54th running of "The Great American Race." The Daytona 500 victory was the second for the driver, who edged out Dale Earnhardt Jr. and teammate Greg Biffle to take the checkered flag. Those who made it to the end survived multiple accidents, including one on the second lap, and 10 caution flags. Officials shut down the race for nearly two hours after Juan Pablo Montoya careened into the back of a jet dryer that was being used to blow debris off the track during a caution flag. Montoya's car, the jet dryer and the truck pulling it all burst into flames and also set a section of the track on fire. Montoya said he had returned to the race track from pit row before the accident, after having the crew check out a vibration he was feeling in his car. "I was in fourth gear. I wasn't even going that fast," Montoya told reporters. "It just felt really strange and ... the car just turned right." Some 24 hours of intermittent rain forced Monday's prime-time start -- the first since the inaugural race in 1959. Before this year, rain had cut short four of 53 previous races -- in 1965, 1966, 2003 and 2009 -- but none had been canceled for the day. The Daytona 500 opens the NASCAR season, but it also is the sport's most prestigious race. Daytona International Speedway announced this month that the race will boast a record purse of more than $19 million. In comparison, last year's Indianapolis 500 had a payout of $13.5 million. CNN's Tom Watkins and Dan Moriarty contributed to this report.
highlights: A massive fire delays the race for two hours . Matt Kenseth claims the checkered flag . The race was pushed back twice due to rain . Four of the previous 53 races have been shortened .
id: 99891c3ee5087039e1628d4eeff93c886e79ed66
chatgpt: The highly anticipated NASCAR race at Talladega Superspeedway was delayed for two hours on Sunday as a massive fire broke out in the infield, causing extensive damages to the facilities. Fortunately, no one was hurt during the incident. The fire reportedly started in the garage area of the infield, where several teams were working on their cars ahead of the race. A thick smoke quickly filled the area, prompting officials to evacuate nearby spectators and shut down the track. Firefighters from the local fire department were able to contain the blaze, but not before it caused significant damages to the facilities. The infield was closed off for the remainder of the race, forcing teams to work in makeshift garages outside the track. Despite the setback, the race eventually got underway, with Matt Kenseth emerging as the winner after an intense battle with several competitors. Kenseth, who had struggled in the first half of the race due to mechanical issues, managed to make a strong comeback in the final stages. The victory marked Kenseth's first win of the season, and his first since returning to Roush Fenway Racing earlier this year. Kenseth expressed his delight at the win, saying that it was "definitely unexpected." "I can't thank everyone enough for their efforts today," Kenseth said after the race. "We had a bit of a rough start, but we managed to stay focused and come back strong in the end." The race was initially scheduled to start at 1:00 PM, but was pushed back twice due to rain. The weather conditions eventually cleared up, allowing officials to give the green light for the race at around 3:00 PM. This was not the first time that a NASCAR race at Talladega has been interrupted by unforeseen circumstances. Four of the previous 53 races at the track have been shortened due to accidents or weather conditions. Despite the challenges faced during this year's race, officials and fans alike expressed their admiration for the drivers' resilience and determination. "The drivers put on a fantastic show today, despite the delays and the fire incident," said Talladega Superspeedway President, Brian Crichton. "Their commitment and passion for the sport never cease to amaze us."