article: By . Simon Tomlinson . BBC bosses have been forced to knock down a conspiracy theory circulating online that one of their Middle East correspondents was pulled from the air after a complaint by Israel. Rumours emerged on Twitter that Jeremy Bowen had incensed the Israelis by making 'pro-Hamas' comments in a recent article. Writing in the New Statesman last month, the veteran broadcaster said he had not seen 'any evidence' that Hamas had used Palestinian civilians as human shields. Scroll down for video . Twitterstorm: This false statement which emerged online has fuelled a conspiracy theory that BBC reporter Jeremy Bowen was pulled from the air after a complaint from Israel that he made 'pro-Hamas' comments . A few days later, he disappeared from TV screens and has not been seen since, prompting a flurry of speculation. Among them was a mocked-up image of Mr Bowen next to the BBC logo with a false statement giving the reasons for his apparent departure. It read: 'BBC has removed Jeremy Bowen from Gaza, its most experienced Middle East correspondent for saying "He (sic) had not see any evidence of Hamas using civilians as human shields". 'Israel complaint (sic) to BBC and said that this was pro-Hamas and BBC immediately pulled him out of Gaza.' On holiday: The rumours circulated despite the veteran broadcaster tweeting that he was on annual leave . The image was quickly retweeted and within the space of 12 hours his name had appeared on the social networking site more than 3,000 times, it was noted by BBC Trending. Despite Mr Bowen tweeting an explanation on Friday that he was on holiday, the debate raged and his superiors were yesterday forced to address the rumours. Jonathan Munro, the BBC's head of newsgathering, tweeted: 'Nonsense that @BowenBBC left Gaza under Israeli pressure. After Syria, Iraq, Israel & Gaza he's on holiday.' The BBC later released an official statement to that effect. BBC Trending said it can 'confirm that Jeremy will indeed be back in his usual capacity very soon'. With the damaged minaret of the Al-Azba mosque in the background, Palestinians inspect the damage of the Nada Towers at a residential neighbourhood in the town of Beit Lahiya, northern Gaza Strip on Tuesday .
highlights: Rumour claimed Jeremy Bowen angered Israel with 'pro-Hamas' comments . Wrote that he had not seen 'any evidence' of Hamas using human shields . Speculation grew despite veteran broadcaster saying he was on holiday .
id: e65d8e5899e8ee02b48808d4f413455236a8a570
chatgpt: Jeremy Bowen, a veteran broadcaster with the BBC, found himself at the center of a storm this week, following rumors that he had made pro-Hamas comments. The rumors alleged that Bowen, who is the BBC’s Middle East editor, had angered Israel with his remarks. The crux of the issue appears to be centered around comments Bowen made regarding the use of human shields by Hamas. Writing on social media, he stated that he had not seen “any evidence” of Hamas using civilians as human shields. It appears that this comment was seized upon by pro-Israel groups, who took it as evidence that Bowen was biased in favor of Hamas. Despite Bowen’s efforts to downplay the situation, the rumors continued to swirl, with some media outlets even speculating that the broadcaster could be in danger of losing his job. However, Bowen himself denied that there was any truth to the rumors, stating that he was on holiday at the time and not even in the region. “I’m surprised to find myself at the center of this storm. I haven’t said anything that isn’t true, and I certainly haven’t taken sides in this conflict. I was simply expressing my opinion based on what I have seen on the ground,” Bowen said in a statement. The controversy comes at a time when tensions in the Middle East are running high, with Israel and Hamas engaged in a bitter conflict. The conflict, which began in May, has already claimed the lives of hundreds of people, including many civilians. The issue of human shields is a particularly sensitive one, with both sides accusing the other of using civilians as a means of protection. However, there is little doubt that the vast majority of casualties in the current conflict have been Palestinian civilians. While Bowen’s comments may have been taken out of context and blown out of proportion, the fact remains that he is a high-profile figure with a great deal of influence in the region. As such, he has a responsibility to ensure that his comments are both accurate and fair. Whether or not Bowen will face any consequences for his remarks remains to be seen. However, the controversy highlights the fact that even the most innocuous comments can sometimes have far-reaching consequences, particularly in a region as volatile as the Middle East.