article: Millions of workers are being hit with extra tax demands as officials attempt to claw back under-payments - despite £300 million of reforms which were supposed to reduce errors. HM Revenue and Customs last night revealed 5.3 million people paid the wrong amount in 2013-14, including 3.5 million who paid too little and will have to make extra contributions in future years. Two million people who paid too much tax will be able to claim refunds. Refund errors: HM Revenue and Customs revealed 3.5million people paid too little, and will have to now pay more this year, while 5.3million have paid the wrong amount in the last 12 months . HMRC has now started writing to those affected by the errors, which average £300 per person and have occurred despite reforms costing £270 million - supposed to improve the accuracy of the pay-as-you-earn system. The number of people affected by errors has increased in 2013/14 from 5.2 million in 2012/13. Changes to the tax system are supposed to use ‘real time information’ under which employers report details of what tax payments they have made to HMRC on a weekly or monthly basis, to ensure they are correct. Response: HMRC has said that 2million people who paid too much tax will be able to claim refunds . The number of errors under the new system has disappointed businesses. Kate Upton, a payroll consultant, told the Daily Telegraph last night: ‘Taxpayers have spent hundreds of millions on RTI and employers have had to spend hundreds of millions to use the new system, so we are entitled to expect significantly fewer errors in the process.’ An HMRC spokesman said: ‘There will always be end-of-year reconciliation due to the way PAYE works. Most people pay the right tax throughout the year, but there will always be a small percentage of the 41 million people in PAYE who have underpayments or overpayments at year end. ‘This could be because they have moved jobs, received a number of different sources of income or received benefits-in-kind that were only reported at the end of the year.’ He added: ‘The effect of Real Time Information is not reflected yet as it has not bedded in but, over time, RTI will help to reduce the number of cases that have to be reconciled. The estimates quoted for reconciliations in 2013-14 are based upon actual numbers in 2012-13.’
highlights: It has been revealed that 5.3million paid wrong amount in 2013-14 . Two million people who paid too much tax will be able to claim refunds . HMRC has now started writing to all those affected by the errors .
id: c347f533ae4864f0a79e340abd53bdc12600790e
chatgpt: HM Revenue & Customs (HMRC) has disclosed that 5.3 million people paid the wrong amount of tax between 2013 and 2014. The tax authority has started writing to each one of the affected taxpayers, informing them about the errors and what they can do to rectify them. Of the total number of people affected, more than two million individuals were found to have paid too much tax, and they will be able to claim refunds from the tax authorities. According to HMRC, these payment errors occurred due to discrepancies in the information the tax office received from different sources, including employers, pension providers, and state benefits agencies. As a result, some taxpayers ended up overpaying, while others underpaid or paid nothing at all. The HMRC has stated that this was an unintentional mistake and has put measures in place to prevent it from happening again in the future. The tax authority has also promised to ensure that refunds for those who overpaid are made with minimal delay. For those who underpaid, HMRC has stated that it would recover the unpaid taxes through their taxes in the following year or by mounting an inquiry into the taxpayers’ affairs. However, the tax authority has also said that it understands that for many taxpayers, a tax bill may cause hardship or financial difficulty. As such, the HMRC has promised to work with those taxpayers to find a fair and reasonable way to settle any amount of tax owed. The revelation of the payment errors has raised questions about how this could have happened, given the sophisticated IT systems that HMRC uses to manage taxpayers' information. The tax authority has blamed the complexities of the UK tax code and the amount of information that it receives for the errors. As a result, the HMRC has now started a project aimed at simplifying the tax code and improving the accuracy of taxpayers' information. Commenting on the revelations, the head of the HMRC, Jim Harra, has said, "We are very sorry for the mistakes we have made. We are working hard to make sure that people get the money that they are due, as quickly as possible. We are also taking steps to improve our systems and processes to prevent this from happening again in the future. We understand that this will be a difficult time for many taxpayers, and we are committed to working with them to find a solution that is fair and reasonable to everyone." In conclusion, the news that more than 5.3 million taxpayers paid the wrong amount of tax between 2013 and 2014 will come as a shock to many. However, the HMRC has acted promptly to rectify the situation and is working to ensure that those who overpaid are refunded as quickly as possible. Additionally, the tax authority has promised to work with those who underpaid to find a solution that is fair to all parties. As for the measures put in place to prevent future occurrences of such errors, only time will tell if they are effective.