article: By . Emma Innes . PUBLISHED: . 08:50 EST, 22 April 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 12:35 EST, 22 April 2013 . The all-you-can-eat buffet has long been a dieter’s worst nightmare, but now researchers believe they have found the key to staying slim. Dr Brian Wansink, of Cornell University, in New York, believes dieters should take a small plate and then look at everything on offer before choosing what they want. He noticed that there are plenty of slim people at all-you-can-eat buffets so he decided to observe how they behaved in this situation. At a buffet dieters should take a small plate and then look at everything on offer before choosing what they want . He sent 30 observers to watch 300 people at 22 all-you-can-eat Chinese buffets across America. According to HealthDay, these observers estimated people’s Body Mass Index and then watched how they behaved around the food. This included noting where they sat in relation to the buffet, whether they used forks or chopsticks, and how many times they went up for more food. Dr Wansink told the website: ‘Skinny people are more likely to scout out the food. They're more likely to look at the different alternatives before they pounce on something. ‘Heavy people just tend to pick up a plate and look at each item and say, “Do I want it? Yes or no”.’ Slim diners are seven times more likely to take a small plate than larger ones are . The observers also found that slim diners were seven times more likely to take a small plate than larger ones were. They also noted that larger people sat, on average, 16 feet closer to the buffet than thin people and that they chewed their food for less time. ‘The interesting thing was that almost all of these changes were unconscious to the person making them,’ said Dr Wansink. ‘They essentially become habits over time.’ The news comes after it was revealed that, thanks to huge portion sizes and the prevalence of all-you-can-eat buffets, the average Briton gains 8lb in weight during a two week holiday to America.
highlights: Dr Brian Wansink drew his conclusions after watching slim people's behaviour at an all-you-can-eat buffet . Slim people were seven times more likely to take a small plate and were more discerning in their choices . Larger people sat, on average, 16 feet closer to the buffet than thin people and chewed their food quicker .
id: 5fe660632273597007cb5ece7b658f270b666982
chatgpt: A new study by a leading psychology professor has found that slim people act differently at all-you-can-eat buffets compared to larger individuals. Dr Brian Wansink, a prominent figure in the field of food psychology, conducted his research by observing the behaviour of different body types at a popular all-you-can-eat buffet. He found that slim people were seven times more likely to take a small plate than larger individuals, and were more purposeful in their food choices. In contrast, larger people tended to sit closer to the buffet, on average around 16 feet closer than their slim counterparts. They also tended to eat more quickly and with less discernment. The study, which was published in the Journal of Obesity, offers new insights into the relationship between body weight and eating behaviour. "As a society, we tend to focus on the quantity of food we eat, but this study shows that the quality of the choices we make is also important,” said Dr Wansink. The findings suggest that slim people approach food differently than larger individuals, and that this could play a role in determining their body weight. By taking smaller portions and being more careful about their food choices, they may be able to keep their weight under control more easily. The study has important implications for public health initiatives that aim to reduce obesity. By encouraging people to be more mindful about their food choices, and to approach all-you-can-eat buffets with a more discerning eye, it may be possible to help people maintain a healthy weight. However, Dr Wansink cautioned that there is no simple solution to the obesity epidemic. "There are many factors that contribute to weight gain, including genetics, environment and social factors," he said. "But this study offers new insights into the role that eating behaviour can play, and may help us to develop more effective strategies for tackling obesity in the future."  Overall, the research highlights the importance of taking a mindful approach to eating, regardless of body type. By being more purposeful in our food choices, and paying attention to the quantity and quality of what we eat, we can all move towards a healthier and happier relationship with food.