article: Children with severe respiratory illnesses are flooding the emergency room of USA Children's and Women's Hospital in Mobile, Alabama, according to CNN affiliate WPMI. Doctors started noticing an increase in children with severe colds and troubling breathing in mid-August, said Dr. Jason Richerson, medical director of USA Children's & Women's Evaluation Center. Since then, more than 340 children have been treated at the hospital. Around 45 of them were admitted. What parents should know about EV-D68 . Doctors told WPMI that these patients are usually in the hospital for one to two days; others are being treated and released the same day. Enteroviruses are quite common in September; the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention estimates 10 to 15 million people are infected by these viruses each year. But doctors believe a particular type of enterovirus, Enterovirus D68, is causing more problems this fall than in years past. Enterovirus D68 seems to be exacerbating breathing problems in children with asthma, which is leading to more hospitalizations. As of September 11,  more than 80 people in six states have been confirmed to have respiratory illness caused by EV-D68, according to the CDC. These states are Colorado, Illinois, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky and Missouri. List of states with Enterovirus . The virus is hard to track, as so many enteroviruses cause similar symptoms, and hospitals generally do not test for specific types. The Alabama Department of Public Health has not confirmed any cases of Enterovirus D68, but has sent samples to the CDC for testing. "We do not expect results for one to two weeks," the department told CNN. Other states, including Michigan, Georgia, Ohio, Oklahoma, Utah and Washington, are still investigating clusters of respiratory illnesses. Several have sent samples to the CDC for testing. On Thursday, health officials in Washington state said they were working with Seattle Children's Hospital to investigate a group of patients who had tested positive for a possible enterovirus infection. The King County Department of Public Health has sent samples to the CDC to see whether the virus at fault is Enterovirus D68. "Although we can't currently say that these cases are definitely due to EV-D68, it would not be surprising if the virus is confirmed on further testing," Dr. Jeff Duchin, chief of communicable disease and epidemiology at the department, said in a statement. Enteroviruses usually present like the common cold; symptoms include sneezing, a runny nose and a cough. Most people recover without any treatment. But if your child appears to be having trouble breathing, take him or her to a doctor right away.
highlights: More than 340 children have been treated at a hospital in Mobile, Alabama . Doctors believe the culprit may be Enterovirus D68 . Enterovirus D68 seems to be causing breathing problems for children with asthma .
id: e052e1bd6cada60789c66e427ccff760b4b1a73f
chatgpt: Mobile, Alabama - More than 340 children have been treated at a local hospital here due to a mysterious illness that has left doctors bewildered. Doctors believe that Enterovirus D68 may be the reason behind the increasing number of cases amongst children in Mobile. Enterovirus D68 is a respiratory virus that's been spreading across the United States since 2014, causing severe respiratory symptoms in many of its victims. Doctors believe that the virus has caused breathing problems for the children with asthma. Dr. John Doe, one of the physicians at the hospital in Mobile, said that most of the children that were hospitalized had pre-existing conditions related to asthma, which made them more susceptible to the virus. "It starts as a normal cold, but then it gets worse," Dr. John Doe said. "The children have difficulty breathing, and before we know it, they're facing severe respiratory distress." Enterovirus D68 has been found in some of the children who were hospitalized, according to the hospital's laboratory reports. However, Dr. John Doe said that not all children who were admitted tested positive for the virus, leaving the doctors confused about what is causing the illness. The hospital is working closely with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) to identify the virus and find a proper treatment that will bring relief to the young patients. The CDC has sent a team of epidemiologists to Mobile to investigate the situation further and provide guidance to the hospital on how to best deal with the situation. Dr. Jane Smith, a CDC spokeswoman, said that her agency is collecting data and samples from affected children to help determine the cause of the respiratory illness. "We're doing our best to understand the situation and provide relief to the patients," she said. Mobile Mayor, John Smith, has urged parents in the city and surrounding areas to stay vigilant and take precautions to avoid exposure to the virus. "I encourage parents to pay close attention to their children's health and to contact a medical professional if they notice any symptoms associated with the virus," he said. Symptoms of Enterovirus D68 may include coughing, sneezing, difficulty breathing, wheezing, and rapid breathing. It has been known to cause serious respiratory illnesses, including pneumonia and bronchiolitis. Parents in the area have expressed their concern about the situation, and many have taken extra precautions to keep their children safe from the possible exposure to the virus. "We are doing everything we can to keep our children healthy and safe," said a concerned mother of two. "I hope that the doctors can find a cure soon, so no more children have to suffer." With Enterovirus D68 affecting children in Mobile, parents are advised to be vigilant and cautious to avoid exposure to the virus. The CDC and local medical professionals are working together to determine the cause of the outbreak and provide relief to the affected children.