article: By . John Drayton . NBA star LeBron James led the get well wishes after Jozy Altidore’s World Cup campaign appeared to be all but over. The Sunderland striker was reduced to tears after being taken off on a stretcher off midway through the first half of the USA’s 2-1 win over Ghana with a hamstring injury. Altidore’s time in Brazil looks finished, with Miami Heat ace James among those wishing the 24-year-old a speedy recovery. Crocked: Altidore is treated by the USA team physio after injuring his hamstring . Concerned: Miami Heat star LeBron James wished Altidore well on Twitter . Show of support: James was watching on as his countrymen began their World Cup campaign . He tweeted: ‘Keep well Jozy! Hate to see that happen.’ Aron Johannsson came on in Altidore’s place, and Clint Dempsey has challenged the rest of USA’s strikers to step up to the plate to help fill the void. He said: ‘You could see the tears in his eyes going back to the locker room... Other players have to step up now.’ Meanwhile, Jurgen Klinsmann hailed his side’s character as John Brooks earned them a dramatic victory against the Ghanaians. The Americans looked like being denied three points when Andre Ayew cancelled out Dempsey’s lightning-quick opener – the fifth fastest goal in World Cup history. King of the court: James, 29, is considered among the best basketball players on the planet . In the balance: Altidore faces an anxious wait to discover his fate . However, substitute Brooks popped up with a header in the dying minutes as Klinsmann celebrated his 50th game in charge with a win. His side were under the cosh for the majority of the second half, and he paid tribute to the way they responded after being rocked by Ghana’s equaliser. He said: ‘We have a great spirit – the US team always does and fights until the last second. ‘I said to the bench: “we are going to get another chance in the game”. ‘Ghana are a very good team, which is what we expected. But we got the three points that we wanted. It was well deserved.’ Late winner: John Brooks sealed the there points for the USA with a header from a corner .
highlights: USA striker Jozy Altidore taken off injured in 2-1 win World Cup over Ghana . Altidore went down feeling his hamstring and was taken off on stretcher . Striker expected to be ruled out for remainder of the tournament . Basketball star LeBron James tweets good luck message for Altidore .
id: f0230d8051bf93f7874098f0c01c7207d568e8f4
chatgpt: In a crucial opening match of the World Cup, the USA claimed a hard-fought 2-1 win over Ghana, but it came at a cost with the injury to striker Jozy Altidore casting a shadow over the result. Altidore had to be taken off on a stretcher in the 21st minute of the match, after feeling his hamstring go while chasing a long ball forward. It was a sad sight for the striker, who was in tears as he left the field to receive treatment. The initial diagnosis doesn't look good for Altidore, with reports suggesting he is likely to be ruled out for the remainder of the tournament. If true, it would be a huge loss for the USA, who were already expected to struggle in a group that also includes Germany and Portugal. Altidore has been a key player for the USA in recent years, with his strength and physicality up front providing a valuable focal point for their attacks. He scored twice in the qualifying rounds to help book his team's place in the tournament, and much was expected of him in Brazil. The news of Altidore's injury has been met with widespread sympathy from the world of sport, with basketball star LeBron James among those to send their support via social media. "Prayers up to my boy Jozy Altidore. Get healthy," tweeted James. Despite the loss of Altidore, the USA were able to dig deep and secure a vital victory over Ghana, thanks to goals from Clint Dempsey and John Brooks. Dempsey's strike came just 34 seconds into the match, making it the fifth fastest goal in World Cup history. Ghana fought back in the second half, with Andre Ayew equalizing on the hour mark, but it was Brooks who had the final say, heading in a corner with just four minutes remaining to send the American supporters into raptures. It was a result that few had predicted, and one that will give the USA team a huge confidence boost going into their next match against Portugal. However, they will have to do it without Altidore, whose injury will be sorely felt. As for Altidore himself, his World Cup dreams may be over for this year, but he will be hoping to make a speedy recovery and come back stronger than ever. The USA will certainly need him in the future, and he will be an important part of their plans for years to come.