article: (CNN) -- In 2007, at the dawn of the app market, few would have predicted the industry would soon become a billion dollar business. But thanks to the popularity of Apple's iPhone, Google's Android and other smartphone platforms, the app business is booming. Mobile phone apps are expected to generate $25 billion in worldwide sales in 2013, up 62% from last year, according to new research from Gartner Inc. The study was first reported by the Wall Street Journal Monday. The exponential growth mirrors that of smartphones -- for the first time this year, more smartphones are forecast to be shipped globally than feature phones, according to a report released Monday by IDC, the technology market research firm. IDC projects that vendors will ship 919 million smartphones this year -- 50.1% of total mobile phone shipments. "Much of the world's smartphone shipments were a direct result of demand in mature economies such as the U.S.," IDC wrote. "The balance of smartphone demand is gradually shifting, however, to emerging markets where smartphone user bases are still relatively small and economic prospects are considerably higher." China is leading the charge in the developing world, passing the U.S. last month to become the world's top country for Android and Apple iOS smartphones and tablets, according to Flurry Inc., a mobile analytics firm. That's helping to feed the app frenzy. Apple and Google now have more than 700,000 apps in their respective app stores. The time people spend using apps is growing, too. From December 2011 to December 2012, time spent by app users in the U.S. grew from 94 minutes to 127 minutes a day, according to Flurry. The new "app economy" has created about 466,000 jobs in the U.S. from 2007 to 2012, according to a study last year by TechNet. But the explosion of smartphone applications will likely decrease the odds for bedroom developers dreaming of app riches. "You do still see the success stories but they are fewer and farther between," Mashable's Christine Warren told CNN. "A lot of it has to do with luck," she said. "Having a well-designed app, an app that works well with mobile so it takes advantage of the camera, it takes advantage of geolocation features, it can connect in with other apps and services -- that goes a long way. Catching the attention of the right websites and "staying in the top 10, top 50 of the best selling list goes a long way toward long-term success," she said. CNN's Andrew Stevens contributed to this report.
highlights: The global app industry will grow to $25 billion in 2013, Gartner Inc. projects . Comes as sales of smartphones are projected to eclipse feature phones for the first time . Last month, China became the top market for Android and Apple iOS smartphones and tablets . Smartphone users in the U.S. now spend more than two hours a day using apps .
id: 5831e9b5e3406439d18f4eb75bda3fe9e93e7517
chatgpt: Gartner Inc., a leading research and advisory firm, has projected that the global app industry will grow to a staggering $25 billion in 2013. This comes as no surprise with the exponential increase in smartphone sales and usage. A new forecast by Gartner shows that sales of smartphones are projected to eclipse feature phones for the first time in history. Last month, China has become the top market for Android and Apple iOS smartphones and tablets with almost 27% of the total market share. This is attributed to the country's vast population and increasing affluence. With this market growth, developers created a plethora of apps that cater to Chinese users' needs. The rise of smartphones has had a profound effect on people's lives, changing the way we communicate, access information and entertainment, and conduct business. Smartphone users in the U.S. now spend more than two hours a day using apps. These apps offer a convenient and efficient way for users to access what they need, whether it's online shopping, social networking, or music streaming. The app industry's increasing growth can also be attributed to the increasing popularity of mobile gaming. As more people adopt smartphones, the global gaming industry has been forced to adapt to meet the growing demand. Games such as Fortnite, PUBG, and Candy Crush have broken records in terms of downloads, engagement, and revenue. The app industry is also creating new opportunities for businesses. Many companies have created their own dedicated apps to offer more personalized experiences to their customers. For example, Starbucks offers its customers the ability to order ahead, pay for their coffee, and earn rewards all in one app. This trend is set to continue, with more businesses investing in their own mobile apps to enhance their user experiences. The increasing demand for apps has also led to a rise in the technology used to create them. The emergence of new technological advancements such as Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning has made it possible for developers to create more intuitive and intelligent apps. Furthermore, the increasing popularity of Augmented Reality and Virtual Reality is likely to bring a new dimension to the app industry. Gartner's projection highlights the sheer potential of the global app industry. With almost 6 billion smartphone users worldwide, the potential for growth is huge. As the industry continues to evolve, we can expect to see new and innovative apps that change the way we live and work.