article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 17:44 EST, 8 December 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 00:28 EST, 9 December 2013 . Some parents intent on being different have thrown out the most common baby names this year in favor of some very peculiar monikers. At least three newborns were named Cheese this year, for example. And that’s just the boys. On the girls side came such out-of-left field choices as Kukua and Kiwi. Scroll down for full list... Odd man out:  While searching for the most popular baby names of 2013, the website BabyCenter stumbled upon some of the weirdest . The parenting website BabyCenter put together their list of the most common baby names of the year after surveying half a million parents. While the decidedly unscientific method of simply asking around yielded some expected results—Sophia, Emma, Olivia, Jackson, and Aiden top among them—it also uncovered some oddities. The survey found that at least three parents out of the half a million had named their new baby things like Cheese, Thirdy, Enno, and Rocket. And those are just a few of the stranger boys names. My son the car: At least three parents named their sons after the Chevrolet motor company in 2013 . The weird girl names include Archita, Blip, Nyx, and Ezgi. While some seem random, others among the bizarre names have a familiar ring to them. Wrigley, for instance, conjures images of the glory days of baseball in Chicago. Though it should be noted, it’s on the girl list. Ajax isn’t just a bath and tile scrub but also a classical soldier’s name. It’s on the boy list. Two for one: For girls, Wrigley was named as one of the oddest baby names of the year. And Cub was one of the boy names . In addition to Cheese, other food related names include Danish, Kiwi and Chow. Bears were also a popular inspiration. Included on the weird name list were Cub, Kodiak, and Panda (all boys). Like the top names in BabyCenter’s survey, the bottom names are just a guess at the oddest names of 2013. The official list won’t be released until May. However, the top names will likely be the names we see popping up everywhere like Ava, Zoe, Lily, Aiden, and Mason. The list of weirdest names, on the other hand, is likely to get both longer and stranger. BOYS... Ab . Ajax . Anibal . Apollo . Baobao . Braulio . Bright . Cadence . Caige . Cheese . Chow . Cub . Daxx . Danish . Dragos . Egypt . Enno . Finch . Holmes . Hurricane . Ivory . Jag . Kashmere . Kazz . Kodiak . Lalo . Legend . Leviathan . Lorcan . Miggy . Osbaldo . Panda . Ripley . Rocket . Stetson . Thiago . Thirdy . Tintin . Trace . Yash . Zion . GIRLS... Amorette . Archita . Azza . Blip . Blue . Chevy . Creedence . Delara . Duda . Elektra . Eternity . Ezgi . Fairy . Feline . Flower . Galya . Green . Harlowe . Huxley . Jurie . Justus . Kalliope . Kelby . Kinzly . Kiwi . Kukua . Lovelle . Loveena . Manda . Nyx . Oceana . Pippin . Sida . Trixie . Tulip . Viggo . Wrigley . Xaviera . Zabrina . Zelia . Zona .
highlights: At least three baby boys were names Cheese in 2013, along with Panda, Danish, Rocket and Leviathan . In the girl category come such notables as Azza, Kiwi and Kukua .
id: 5c5b6300e21cbca31b1314711de6ee22465ec3db
chatgpt: In a world where parents are constantly seeking unique and creative names for their offspring, it seems that nothing is off-limits. From the traditional to the bizarre, there is no shortage of ideas when it comes to naming a newborn. In 2013, it was reported that at least three baby boys were given the name Cheese, joining the ranks of other unusual monikers such as Panda, Danish, Rocket, and Leviathan. While some may find these names amusing or even endearing, others may wonder what prompts parents to choose such outlandish names for their children. According to a recent survey, many parents are looking for names that are attention-grabbing or have a special meaning or significance. However, it seems that the trend is not limited to boys' names alone. In the girl category, parents have also been getting creative with names like Azza, Kiwi, and Kukua. While some of these names may seem a bit odd to the average person, it is important to remember that names are a form of self-expression and can hold great personal significance to those who bear them. In fact, the practice of giving children unique or unusual names has been around for centuries. In some cultures, names hold great cultural or religious significance, while in others, they may simply be a reflection of the parent's creativity and individuality. Nevertheless, some experts warn that giving children uncommon names can have negative consequences, including teasing or discrimination. In addition, some employers may be less likely to hire someone with an unusual name, which could affect the child's future job prospects. While there is no right or wrong way to choose a name for a child, it is important for parents to consider the potential impact of their decision. Names can have a profound influence on a person's identity and sense of self, so it is important to choose carefully. In the end, whether you choose to name your child after a favorite food, animal, or celestial body, the most important thing is that the name holds meaning and significance to you and your family. So whether it's Cheese, Panda, or Kiwi, embrace your individuality and wear your name with pride.