article: By . Sam Greenhill . PUBLISHED: . 05:32 EST, 20 January 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 06:54 EST, 21 January 2013 . The BBC was forced into another apology over Jimmy Savile yesterday after an impersonation of  the disgraced star appeared on  children’s TV. As parents enjoyed a Sunday lie-in, children watching the CBeebies channel saw a character called Max presenting a Top Of The Pops-style programme. He wore a blond wig and gold neck-lace, and did a good impression of Savile’s Yorkshire accent and distinctive speaking style. SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO . The BBC has apologised after a costume version of Jimmy Savile appeared on the Cbeebies show Tweenies . The character was presenting a Top Of The Pops-style show on the children's programme . The offending Tweenies episode was made in 2001, but blundering schedulers repeated it at 8.30am yesterday. It was shown days after police said . the predatory DJ, who molested children in his BBC dressing room in the . 1970s, was one of the country’s worst ever sex offenders. His 214 . confirmed offences, including 34 rapes, stretch from 1955 to 2009. Hundreds of parents complained on . social networking sites, while a child abuse charity warned that the . gaffe could ‘re-traumatise’ victims. The episode featured characters performing songs, introduced by the character Max, who appeared to be dressed as Jimmy Savile . Hundreds were discussing the episode on the social networking site Twitter after it aired this morning . The episode features characters from . the programme performing their favourite songs in a format similar to . Top Of The Pops. Max, the presenter, says: ‘Hello all you guys and gals . out there, ah ah ah. A report published last week by Scotland Yard and NSPCC said the DJ spent 'every waking minute' thinking about abusing children . ‘Welcome to the Tweenies chart . countdown. Today we are going to hear all the Tweenies’ favourite songs . but first on stage is young Milo who has chosen this number as his . favourite song because he likes to move and dance. ‘So, at number four in the Tweenies chart with One Finger, One Thumb, it’s Milo.’ Mark Roberts, 42, was watching the . show with his six-year-old daughter when he saw the impersonation of . Savile. ‘I think it’s completely out of order,’ he said. ‘It’s not right . for anyone to be dressed as that evil man, let alone a children’s TV . character.’ Service engineer Mr Roberts, from North Wales, has made a complaint to the regulator, Ofcom. On Twitter, Kenny Senior wrote: ‘Are . BBC trying to self-destruct? Max from Tweenies dressed as Jimmy Savile . just now – nearly choked on my cornflakes.’ Peter Saunders, of the National . Association for People Abused in Childhood, said: ‘There’s no doubt it . could re-traumatise people. You can’t understate just what it means to . people who have suffered abuse.’ The BBC said: ‘This programme will not be repeated and we are very sorry for any offence caused.’
highlights: Tweenies character appears on show dressed as Jimmy Savile . Hundreds took to social networking sites to point out the impersonation . 'It's a total disgrace' says one parent who saw programme this morning . BBC has apologised for airing the programme which was made in 2001 . Abuse charity warns of the impact it could have on victims .
id: 04149d6bcb1e377d153f52802f47de1fbf51e0dc
chatgpt: A BBC children's programme caused outrage this week as a Tweenies character appeared on screen dressed as Jimmy Savile. Viewers expressed their shock and disgust on social media, with hundreds taking to Twitter and other platforms to voice their concerns. One particularly vocal parent described it as "a total disgrace," adding that they had seen the programme this morning with their child. The BBC has since apologised for airing the programme, which was originally made in 2001. However, the impact of the incident has raised concerns among abuse charities, who have warned of the potential harm that could be caused to survivors of sexual abuse. Savile, who died in 2011, was later exposed as one of the UK's most prolific sexual predators, having abused hundreds of people during his time as a TV presenter and charity fundraiser. Experts have warned that the use of Savile as a character on a children's programme could cause distress and anxiety for survivors of sexual abuse, particularly those who may still be struggling to come to terms with their experiences. A spokesperson for the NSPCC said: "Any depiction of Jimmy Savile, however harmless it may seem, is upsetting and insensitive to his victims. It is important that broadcasters and programme makers consider the impact that images and references to offenders can have on those who have suffered abuse." In the wake of the incident, the BBC has vowed to review its processes for vetting and approving programming. A spokesperson for the broadcaster said: "We take this matter extremely seriously and we would like to apologise unreservedly for any offence that may have been caused." However, some have criticised the BBC's response, arguing that it does not go far enough to address the harm caused by the programme. One Twitter user wrote: "An apology is not enough. The BBC needs to take action to ensure that this never happens again." The incident raises wider questions about the ethics of portraying public figures who have been found to have committed serious crimes. While it can be argued that the portrayal of such figures is not necessarily harmful in and of itself, there are concerns that it could contribute to a culture that normalises or even glamorises abusive behaviour. The controversy has also sparked debate about the extent to which broadcasters should be held accountable for the content they air. While the BBC has apologised for the Tweenies episode, many have called for stronger regulation of the media to ensure that programming is held to a higher standard of ethical responsibility. As the aftermath of the incident continues to unfold, it is clear that the harm caused by the programme extends far beyond those who watched it on screen. The impact on survivors of sexual abuse could be significant and long-lasting, and it is essential that broadcasters take these concerns seriously and act to ensure that programming is sensitive and responsible.