article: (CNN) -- Jose Mourinho has extended his contract at Serie A champions Inter Milan by 12 months until June 2012, killing off speculation that he could be on his way to Real Madrid. Coach Mourinho has signed an extended deal ending fears he could wave goodbye to Inter Milan. Former Chelsea supremo Mourinho took charge at Italian giants Inter a year ago following the departure of Roberto Mancini and has just guided the club to their fourth straight scudetto. They also won the Italian Super Cup, but were eliminated by defending champions Manchester United in the first knockout round of the Champions League. A statement on the Inter Web site read: "In response to the wish of the coach to continue the project started together a year ago, a wish welcomed with pleasure by the club as a sign of attachment and winning spirit, FC Internazionale announces the extension of Jose Mourinho's contract until 30 June 2012." Mourinho had promised the fans more titles would be on the after lifting his first Italian title, but the eal issue refused to go away until Monday's statement. When asked about the chance he could leave Inter, Mourinho had earlier told the club Web site: "There is still a 0.01% (chance). But for me this is not an important number, it just means that I am closer to Inter than to Real. "I am satisfied with the relationship with the fans and with my players. I repeat, I am closer to staying at Inter than going elsewhere." Those comments failed to impress Inter president Massimo Moratti, but the extended contract has settled any differences. Mourinho made his mark at Porto in 2004 when he led the Portuguese team to the Champions League title, beating Monaco 3-0 in the final, before moving to Chelsea. At Stamford Bridge he claimed the Premier League title in each of his first two seasons and the FA Cup the following campaign, but left the club in September 2007. Not all Inter fans have warmed to the Portuguese since his arrival in Milan last summer. He has been involved in several disagreements with the Italian media and his style of play has has not endeared him to parts of the Nerazzurri faithful.
highlights: Jose Mourinho has extended his contract with Serie A champions Inter Milan . The decision kills off speculation that he could be on his way to Real Madrid . Former Chelsea supremo now contracted with Italian club until 30 June 2012 .
id: 1c7b415f6d78ac63c237d68ddb437a147a89450c
chatgpt: It's official: Jose Mourinho will remain at the helm of Inter Milan for another couple of years. The Portuguese coach has put pen to paper on a new contract that keeps him at the Italian club until at least 30 June 2012. The decision to extend Mourinho's stay puts an end to months of speculation that he could be lured away to Spanish giants Real Madrid. With the 2008-2009 season culminating in a Serie A, Coppa Italia and Champions League triumph for the Italian club, Mourinho was already being recognized as one of the best coaches in the world. But as rumours swirled about his potential exit to Real Madrid, many Inter fans feared that this glorious chapter in the club's history might come to a premature end. Fortunately for the Nerazzurri faithful, Mourinho has apparently found everything he needs at the Stadio Giuseppe Meazza. "I'm happy to confirm that I've signed an extension to my contract with Inter," he said in a statement. "I have a great relationship with both the club and the fans, and I'm excited about the challenges that lie ahead." Under Mourinho's leadership, Inter Milan have become a force to be reckoned with in Italian and European football. The Special One, as he likes to call himself, has raised the bar for Inter's domestic rivals, and has instilled a winning mentality in his players that was previously lacking. The result has been a remarkable run of success which could yet extend further, with Inter looking to defend their titles in Serie A, the Coppa Italia and the Champions League. The news that Mourinho will not be leaving for Real Madrid will come as a tremendous relief for Inter supporters. For many, the prospect of losing a coach of Mourinho's stature and pedigree was simply unthinkable. Now, with the Portuguese mastermind committed to staying in Milan, the club can look forward to a bright future and more success under his guidance. It remains to be seen, however, whether Mourinho's decision to stay with Inter will put an end to the speculation about his future. The rumour mill never sleeps, and other elite clubs may well be looking enviously at what the Portuguese coach has achieved in Italy. For now though, Inter Milan can breathe a sigh of relief, knowing that their Special One will be with them for the foreseeable future.