article: By . Harriet Arkell . Parishioners at a small church in Hampshire who were without a vicar for more than a year have had their patience rewarded with two for the price of one. Huband and wife clergy the Reverend Mike and the Reverend Nicky-Sue Terry began their new joint job today as vicars of St Mary's Church in Warsash, near Southampton. They are believed to be one of very few married couples who are both Church of England clergy and who share a job. Married clerics the Rev Mike and the Rev Nicky-Sue Terry begin their job-share at St Mary's Warsash today . Before beginning their new job today, the Terrys, both 52, were to be formally installed as vicars by the Bishop of Portsmouth, Christopher Foster, at a service tonight. Mr Terry said: 'Although married clergy couples are no longer so unusual in the Church of England, what makes our post different is that we will be sharing the responsibilities equally. 'We see it as a kind of job-share for God' The couple met while training for ordination in Cambridge and married five years ago. Mrs Terry said: 'We've fallen in love all over again, this time with the spiritual treasure of St Mary's and the wonderful gem that is Warsash village. 'We're really looking forward to getting to know this area much better, and the people who live here, and believe that we will be able to bring much more to this role than either one of us could individually.' Since their marriage, the Terrys have lived in nearby Fareham, where Mr Terry, a former Commander in the Royal Navy, moved when he worked on HMS Sultan. Previously, his wife worked for the Christian publishing and teaching charity CWR. St Mary's Church in the Hampshire village has been without a permanent priest since May last year . They were ordained together in Portsmouth Cathedral, and went on to work as curates, with Mr Terry based at St John's Church in Fareham and his wife at St Mary's Church in Gosport. Last September, the couple was invited by the Bishop of Portsmouth to take on the job at St Mary's on a temporary basis, and when the permanent job was advertised, they decided to apply. But the couple have been working together at St Mary's Church in Warsash, which hasn't had a permanent priest since last May, after they were invited by the Bishop of Portsmouth on a temporary basis last September. So when the post, which has been without a permanent priest since May last year, was advertised they decided to jointly apply. Mr Terry said: 'We just felt we were called. 'We both fitted here with our different skills and gifts, and felt we both seemed to have something to contribute on an equal basis.'
highlights: The Rev Mike Terry and his wife the Rev Nicky-Sue Terry will both be vicars . They are being installed at St Mary's Church in Warsash, Hampshire today . The clerics, who married five years ago and are both 52, will share the post . The village church has been without a permanent priest since May last year . Mr Terry, a former Royal Navy Commander, says: 'It's a job share for God' Couple say they will bring more to the job than either could by themselves .
id: 310217033a0873ed9d50b8cf2d87afd8cb3fdd1e
chatgpt: St Mary's Church in Warsash, Hampshire is welcoming a new team of vicars today. The Rev Mike Terry and his wife, the Rev Nicky-Sue Terry, both 52, will be installed as joint vicars, taking on the responsibility of leading the parish. The couple, who have been married for five years, will be sharing the post at the village church, which has been without a permanent priest since May last year. Mr Terry, a former Royal Navy Commander, described the appointment as "a job share for God". Speaking to reporters ahead of the ceremony, he explained how he and his wife would work together to bring more to the job than either could by themselves. "We're looking forward to being able to complement each other's strengths and support each other's weaknesses," he said. Mrs Terry, who was ordained as a priest in 2010, described the appointment as a "wonderful opportunity". She added: "I'm really excited about sharing this role with Mike, and I think we'll be able to do some really great things together." The couple have already established a strong reputation in the region for their work in the church. They have previously served as joint vicars in two other parishes, and have been involved in a number of community initiatives. At St Mary's Church, they will be responsible for leading the congregation, conducting services, and providing pastoral care to members of the community. The church authorities have expressed their delight at the appointment, saying they are confident the couple will be a great asset to the parish. Reverend Canon Sally Dakin, who oversees the appointments process in the diocese, said: "Mike and Nicky-Sue are a very experienced team who have a strong track record of working together effectively. We're thrilled to be welcoming them to St Mary's, and we know they'll be a great addition to the local community." The appointment comes at a time of significant change for the Church of England, which has been grappling with declining congregations and changing attitudes towards religion. However, Mr and Mrs Terry are confident that they can help to turn the tide, and are looking forward to getting to know the new community that they will be serving. "We know that times are changing, but we believe that the message of the gospel is just as relevant today as it ever was," said Mr Terry. "We're looking forward to helping to build a strong, vibrant community here in Warsash, and we're excited about the opportunities that lie ahead." The couple's installation ceremony is set to take place at St Mary's Church later today. It is expected to be well attended, with members of the local community, as well as friends and family, expected to join in the celebrations. The couple have expressed their gratitude to everyone who has supported them along the way, and say they are looking forward to starting their new role at the church.