article: By . Rebecca English . He may just be nine months old, but Prince George presented his hosts Down Under with something of a conundrum – what do you get the boy who has everything? Well if his first haul of gifts is anything to go by, then a customised skateboard and a possum fur cloak ought to do the trick. The third in line to the throne has been showered with gifts from officials and adoring members of the public in both Australia and New Zealand. One of many: The baby Prince holds a toy Bilby given to him while visiting Taronga Zoo earlier this week. It, along with hundreds of others, will be lovingly shipped back to the UK . They range from his own amphibious vehicle to a full-sized surf board, and his parents have been particularly delighted by his mountain of cuddly toys. The Duke of Cambridge revealed in a speech that his son’s favourite gift was a life-sized wombat given to him by the Australian Governor-General – which George has taken to ‘chewing lovingly’. That very same wombat was seen being carefully loaded on to the family’s plane at Sydney Airport yesterday, as George’s inaugural royal tour drew to a close. Bags of presents – several hundred in all – were also stuffed in the overhead luggage compartment of the Qantas jet. But aides have been forced to arrange for some of the larger items to be shipped back home to Kensington Palace. Strict regulations concerning gifts were brought in a decade ago after it emerged that Prince Charles had pocketed £23,000 from selling valuables he had received from wealthy benefactors. Members of the Royal Family are now barred from selling or exchanging their gifts. Each one must be consumed by the royal, displayed in a royal residence or stored for future use – although low-value items can be given to charity or even destroyed. Now George has begun a collection all of his own, which will be published in the list of official gifts next year.
highlights: Nine-month-old prince has been given hundreds of toys on Royal tour of New Zealand and Australia . They include a flying helmet, a mini BMZ, a cricketing babygro and bat, a cuddly wombat and a full-sized surf board . All of the toys and gifts will be shipped or flown back to Kensington Palace in accordance with rules on Royal gifts .
id: 8b0ba873b509c7f1052f360c14debc5594ed9424
chatgpt: The nine-month-old Prince who accompanied his parents for a Royal tour of Australia and New Zealand has been showered with hundreds of toys as part of the welcoming ceremonial gestures. These inclueded a flying helmet, a mini BMZ, a cricketing babygro and bat, a cuddly wombat, and a full-sized surfboard.  The Royal couple and their little one were greeted on their arrival to the Ausralian soil with a red carpet welcome, followed by numerous gifts which included a large number of toys. These toys will now be shipped or flown back to Kensington Palace in compliance with the rules on Royal gifts. The Royal family's youngest member received a unique gift in the form of a mini BMX bicycle. The bicycle had been specially painted in regal colours of red, white, and blue. The gift was presented to the prince during the final leg of his tour in Adelaide. The toy serves as a timely gift for someone who, at nine months old, is only just on the move. As the parents and their bundle of joy continued their tour of the country, toy manufacturers, fans, and followers of the Royal family presented them with countless toys, showcasing their love and affection towards the Royal couple and their baby. A cricketing babygro, accompanied by a bat, and a surfing board which was gifted to the child were among the highlights of the toys that were given to him. The Prince was also presented with a cuddly wombat, a gesture of recognition towards the work done in saving the species that has been facing an existential threat. While there are numerous rules and regulations governing Royal gifts, these toys will find their way back home to Kensington Palace as a memento of the Royal tour. The Royal family's youngest member will have hundreds of toys to play with once he grows up, each with its unique significance towards his first Royal tour. The Royal couple expressed their gratitude to all of those who have presented their child with these gifts. They were not only grateful for the toys but also for the love and affection that their child had received. The Royalty couple continues to cherish the experiences of this tour and the heart-warming gestures of their well-wishers.