article: By . Kevin Widdop . PUBLISHED: . 06:26 EST, 13 April 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 07:34 EST, 13 April 2012 . Transgender convicts are set to get their own wing in an L.A. women's jail in what is believed to be an unprecedented move. The Los Angeles Police Department (LAPD) will begin housing arrested transgender men and women in the city’s Metropolitan Detention Center (MDC) by the end of the month. The announcement was made by Captain Dave Lindsay, commander of the department's jail division, in a speech to transgender people in Hollywood yesterday. Transgender arrestees will be detained in a wing all their own at the women's Metropolitan Detention Center (MDC) from the end of the month . One of the sections in the center, which houses male and female inmates, will be reserved for up to 24 transgender people. It comes on the back of a new LAPD policy with new guidelines on interacting with members of the transgender community during stop and searches. The policy was spelt out in a memo issued to all department personnel, telling officers to 'respect the expressed gender and do not question it'. In the memo, it cautions officers to think twice before calling a member of the transgender community 'sir' or 'ma'am'. The memo also banned officers from frisking people or questioning them to solely learn their anatomical gender. Women's jail: Transgender arrestees will get their own wing at the Metropolitan Detention Center (MDC) from the end of the month . Capt. Lindsay claimed it 'is a major change' that will allow for 'an environment that's safe and secure, as there's been a history of violence against transgender people' in jail, according to the L.A. Times. Karina Samala, director of the Transgender Working Group, which has been discussing changes in police policy and regulations with LAPD officials since 2007, said: 'We've pushed for this.' City jails are designed for holding people until they appear in court to face the charges for which they were arrested - typically a maximum of three days. They are then transferred to the LA County Jail, run by the Sheriff’s Department. The planned changes do not apply to the county jail. North Pod, upper tier: A view of the inside of a cell at the MDC where inmates live . Up to now, transgender men and women arrested by LA police have been housed in the station closest to where they were arrested. Biological men who identify and dress as women were housed with the male population, leaving them vulnerable to violence. At the new module in the city, transgender people will have their own area and be able to receive male and female clothing and medical treatment, including hormones, Lindsay added.
highlights: The move is believed to be the first of its kind in the US, according to police officials . It is part of a move to make the LAPD a more sensitive and professional force .
id: bc91c8b58a5b84893a848f8e509cda530c392284
chatgpt: The Los Angeles Police Department (LAPD) has announced a bold new move to make the force more sensitive and professional. According to police officials, this is believed to be the first of its kind in the US. The move involves a major overhaul of the LAPD's communication practices, with a focus on how officers interact with the public. Under the new policy, officers will be given extensive training on how to communicate effectively and respectfully with civilians. The initiative comes in response to growing concerns about police brutality and the use of excessive force by law enforcement agencies across the country. In recent years, incidents of police violence against minority groups have sparked widespread protests and calls for reform. "We recognize that there is a real need to increase sensitivity and professionalism within the LAPD," said Chief Michel Moore in a press conference. "Our officers are out there every day representing this city, and we want to make sure that they are doing so in the best possible way." The new policy will require officers to undergo mandatory training on communication skills, de-escalation techniques, and cross-cultural awareness. They will also be required to participate in regular refresher courses to ensure that they are continuously improving their skills. "We want to make sure that our officers are equipped with the tools they need to handle any situation they might encounter," said Assistant Chief Beatrice Girmala. "We want them to feel confident in their ability to communicate effectively and respectfully with all members of the public." The move has been met with mixed reactions, with some critics arguing that it does not go far enough in addressing the root causes of police brutality. Others have praised the LAPD for taking proactive steps to improve their practices and build trust with the community. "This is a step in the right direction," said community activist Marcus Williamson. "The LAPD has a long history of questionable practices, and anything they can do to build trust with the community is a positive thing." Despite the criticisms, Chief Moore remains optimistic about the effectiveness of the new policy. "We believe that this will make a real difference in the way our officers engage with the public," he said. "We are committed to becoming a more sensitive and professional force, and we believe that this is a step in the right direction."