article: Southampton midfielder Victor Wanyama has revealed he was worried as the club saw a number of important first-team names leave during the summer transfer window. Having been tipped for a season of struggle by fans and pundits, the Saints have started the season impressively and sit second behind Premier League leaders Chelsea following Saturday's 2-0 victory over Leicester on Saturday. However,  Wanyama admits he was worried when a number of high-profile names moved on in the summer and told Sky Sports' Goals on Sunday: 'A lot of important first team players left the club and I was a bit worried. I was thinking: "What's going on?" I've never been into a club where things happen like this. It was a bit worrying.' Southampton midfielder Victor Wanyama says found it worrying when a host of players left in the summer . Wanyama celebrates with goalscorer Long during Saturday's 2-0 victory against Leicester . Ronald Koeman, who shared this snap with Twitter on Sunday, has guided Southampton to second in the table . While the likes of Adam Lallana, Luke Shaw and Dejan Lovren left St Mary's, as well as manager Mauricio Pochettino, who departed for Tottenham, Wanyama insists Southampton had reason to be confident following the arrival of new boss Ronald Koeman. 'We had all pre-season to gel together with the new signings and we knew we were going to get somehting with new players coming in.' Adam Lallana (left) and Luke Shaw (right) moved from Saints to Liverpool and Manchester United . Dutchman Koeman signed striker Graziano Pelle, wideman Dusan Tadic and Shane Long - who scored twice in the win over the Foxes - and has guided Southampton to eight victories in their opening 11 matches. Wanyama, who joined the Saints from Celtic in 2013, 'I dont think we're overpeforming, were working hard. If you work hard you're going to get results. We always go out and enjoy football and we get good results.'
highlights: Victor Wanyama doesn't believe Southampton are over-performing . Ronald Koeman's side are second on the Premier League table . The Saints beat Leicester 2-0 on Saturday as Shane Long scored twice .
id: 6d72fa038d67e02ef3908f7d7e9e56ec17ca8e8f
chatgpt: Southampton midfielder Victor Wanyama has dismissed claims that his team's impressive start to the Premier League season is due to over-performing. The Saints currently sit in second position on the league table, and their latest victory saw them defeat Leicester City 2-0 on Saturday, with Shane Long netting both goals. Despite their impressive performances, some pundits have suggested that Southampton's success is simply down to good fortune or teams underestimating them. However, Wanyama disagrees. "We work hard every day in training and we have a quality squad," he said. "We believe in ourselves and we know what we are capable of." The Kenyan international also praised his team-mates and manager, Ronald Koeman, for their contributions to Southampton's success. "The team spirit is great and the manager has brought in some really good players," he said. "We're all pulling in the same direction and that's why we're doing so well." Southampton's fine form has surprised many, especially considering their struggles last season and the loss of several key players over the summer. However, Wanyama said that the team had used last season's difficulties as motivation to improve this time around. "We didn't want to repeat what happened last season," he said. "We've worked hard to make sure we're better this time and it's paying off." Despite their impressive start, Wanyama and his team-mates are keeping their feet firmly on the ground. "We're taking things one game at a time and not getting ahead of ourselves," he said. "There's a long way to go in the season and we know there will be some tough matches ahead." Southampton's next test will be a home fixture against Manchester City, who are currently sitting third on the table. While this will be a tough game for the Saints, Wanyama is confident that they can continue their winning run. "We're playing with confidence and we're not afraid of anyone," he said. "We'll go into the game with a positive attitude and try to get another three points."