article: (CNN) -- Ireland reached the quarterfinals of the rugby World Cup Sunday with an emphatic 36-6 victory over Italy at the Otago Stadium. Ireland topped Pool C ahead of second-placed Australia, and now play Wales in the knockout phase in Wellington next Saturday. They were 12-6 up as the second half began but put the game out of reach for Italy with two tries. Captain Brian O'Driscoll scored in the 47th minute after taking a well-timed pass from Tommy Bowe. Four minutes later left-wing Keith Earls marked his birthday by finishing a sweeping move with a try in the far corner after good work by center Gordon D'Arcy and blindside flanker Stephen Ferris. Ronan O'Gara, who landed six out of seven placekicks for a match haul of 16 points before being replaced by rival fly-half Jonathan Sexton, a less reliable goalkicker, duly landed the conversion. Ireland's traveling support virtually turned the match into a home game with most of the stadium bathed in green. Before the match Italy coach Nick Mallett had claimed his team boasted a better front row and would prove it. All Black star Carter ruled out of World Cup . But that dominance failed to materialize and neither side ever took full control. Earlier, Wales were in superb form as they thrashed Fiji 66-0 tn Hamilton. Jamie Roberts with two tries, Scott Williams, George North, Sam Warburton, Lloyd Burns, Leigh Halfpenny, Lloyd Williams and Jonathan Davies crossed in the rout. Hosts New Zealand also shrugged off the loss of star fly half Dan Carter to round off their Pool A campaign with a 75-19 victory over Canada. They ran in 12 tries with Zac Guildford leading the way with four. Colin Slade, the replacement for Carter, kicked four conversions and a penalty. The All Blacks will play Argentina in the quarterfinals next Sunday after the Pumas confirmed their qualification for the knockout stages ahead of Scotland with a 25-7 win over Georgia.
highlights: Ireland reach quarter-finals of rugby World Cup with emphatic 36-6 victory over Italy . Ireland top Pool C ahead of second-placed Australia, and now play Wales . Italy's coach had claimed his team boasted a better front row and would prove it . Hosts New Zealand shrug off loss of Dan Cartter to thrash Canada 75-19 .
id: ec4d1a56cb94296532a5f5c7d6af51946067d633
chatgpt: Ireland has secured their place in the quarter-finals of the Rugby World Cup with an impressive 36-6 victory over Italy, a result which sees the Irish topping Pool C. Ireland's triumph came despite Italy's coach, Conor O'Shea, boasting before the game that his team had a better front row than the Irish team. From the outset, Ireland took control of the game and was dominant throughout. They scored four tries during the match with Jordan Larmour, Tadhg Furlong, Andrew Conway, and Gary Ringrose all crossing the line. Conor Murray also put in a strong performance, kicking four of Ireland's six successful conversions. The emphatic win has sent a clear message to their quarter-final opponents, Wales. The Welsh team will now have to prepare to face an Irish side that is full of confidence and momentum coming into the knockout stages of the competition. Ireland's coach, Joe Schmidt, praised his team's performance and said, "There were top-quality performances throughout the team, especially from the defence." Schmidt also acknowledged the challenge that his team would face in the next round, stating, "We know we've got our hands full with a six-day turnaround to play Wales. It's going to be a quick tournament from here on." Meanwhile, in another match, hosts New Zealand bounced back from their unexpected defeat to South Africa by thrashing Canada 75-19. Despite the loss of Dan Carter, who withdrew from the squad due to injury, New Zealand showed their strength by scoring 11 tries against the Canadian team. The All Blacks put in a dominant performance with Ardie Savea, Brad Weber, and Jordie Barrett all scoring two tries each. The victory was a reminder of New Zealand's strength in the competition, and sends a warning to their future opponents. As the Rugby World Cup enters the quarter-final stages, the competition is heating up. The victories of Ireland and New Zealand have confirmed their status as strong contenders for the title, and both teams will be looking to carry their momentum forward into the next round.