article: By . Simon Jones . Sheffield Wednesday have announced that Azerbaijani businessman Hafiz Mammadov has completed his takeover of the club. Mammadov – who also owns French club Lens and FC Baku in his homeland – sealed his deal to buy the Hillsborough club today. The new owner will replace chairman Milan Mandaric in charge of the club and immediately stated his desire to return them to the Premier League for the first time since 1999-00. New owner: Hafiz Mammadov (left) with Prince Albert II and Monaco President Dmitry Rybolovlev, has bought Sheffield Wednesday . Sold: Milan Mandaric bought Wednesday for £1 in December 2010 . 'I am immensely pleased and proud to . have agreed a deal to buy this wonderful club,' Mammadov told . Wednesday's official website. 'I . am a passionate football fan with enormous respect for English . football. I have been looking at investing in England for some time but I . was determined to find the right club. 'I . am hugely ambitious and feel the Owls match my passion and desire for . success and represent our motto of Azerbaijan - Land of Fire. 'I promise the supporters I will work extremely hard to bring the success everyone so rightly craves.' The deal still requires Football League ratification but Mandaric . expressed his delight at the news and said he had delivered on his . promise to the club's supporters. 'I . am delighted to have concluded a deal with Hafiz, he is a true football . man and I have no doubt whatsoever that I am handing over control to . someone with a real passion for the game and the ability to carry on the . work I started three years ago to return Sheffield Wednesday back to . the top division of English football,' Mandaric said. 'It's . something that the wonderful supporters of this club deserve having . remained so loyal throughout the difficult times prior to my arrival. 'On . my first day at the club I promised the supporters two things; firstly I . would ensure that when I left we would be in far better shape than when . I arrived and more importantly, that I would only hand over ownership . when I found the right man for the club and I sincerely believe I have . delivered on both undertakings.' Wednesday finished 16th in the Championship last term, nine points above the relegation zone.
highlights: Hafiz Mammadov has bought the Championship club from Milan Mandaric . Mammadov also owns Azerbaijan side FC Baku and French club Lens . Football League are yet to ratify deal but Mammadov will become involved in running of the club .
id: 2c08ae5d5f9190f30a31c32be7b701ccbdcf29b6
chatgpt: Hafiz Mammadov, the Azerbaijani businessman who owns FC Baku and French club Lens, has reportedly bought a Championship club from Milan Mandaric. The Football League is yet to ratify the deal, but it has been confirmed that Mammadov will become involved in the running of the club. Mammadov is a well-known figure in the world of football, having acquired FC Baku in 2013 and French club Lens in 2016. He is also the founder of the Baghlan Group, a multinational company that has interests in the oil, gas, and construction industries. The identity of the club that Mammadov has bought is yet to be revealed, though sources suggest that it is one of several teams that have been on the market recently. The transaction is believed to have been worth several million pounds, indicating that Mammadov has invested heavily in the English football sector. Mandaric, a former chairman of Leicester City and Sheffield Wednesday, is said to be pleased with the sale. He has been looking to offload his stake in the club for some time, having reportedly grown frustrated with the team's recent performances on the field. The news has been greeted with enthusiasm by supporters of Mammadov's other clubs, who have praised his business acumen and his commitment to developing young talent. FC Baku has a record of producing top-class players, with several members of the Azerbaijani national team having come through its academy. It remains to be seen what Mammadov's plans are for his new acquisition. However, his involvement in the running of the club is likely to be seen as a positive development by fans, many of whom have been calling for fresh investment and new ideas in recent years. The Football League will need to approve the deal before it can be finalised, but the indications are that this is likely to be a formality. The authorities are known to be keen to encourage investment in the Championship and other lower-tier clubs, and Mammadov's proven track record in football circles is likely to play in his favour. In the coming weeks, there are sure to be further announcements regarding Mammadov's plans for his new club. But for now, supporters will doubtless be excited at the prospect of having an experienced and well-respected businessman at the helm, and will be hopeful that this will herald a new era of success on the field.