article: A Canadian radio host and newspaper columnist took off her top during an interview with her local mayor this week and continued asking him questions bare-chested. Lori Welbourne, who hosts the radio show On The Rocks and writes a column for the Province newspaper, was talking to Walter Gray, mayor of Kelowna in British Columbia, about whether it was legal in the town for women to bare their breasts in public. 'What if I went walking down the street topless?' she asked in the recorded interview. Scroll down for video . Bare: Lori Welbourne, right, was talking to Walter Gray, mayor of Kelowna in British Columbia, left, when she stripped off . But before Gray could answer her question, Welbourne handed him her microphone and undid the strap on her dress, exposing her breasts. 'What are you doing,' he asked, to which she replied, 'it's really hot in here.' After regaining his composure, Gray explained that while someone may be tempted to call the police there is little authorities could do because it is in fact entirely legal for a woman to be topless anywhere a man can be. Interview: The journalist, right, was already exposing a fair amount before she removed her top . Welbourne's stunt was in anticipation of Sunday's Go Topless Day. Public toplessness is not illegal anywhere in Canada unless it's deemed to be indecent. It is also legal for women in a range of American states though plenty still outlaw. 'So I can go topless here in Kelowna?' Welbourne went on. Topless: The stunt was to draw attention to Go Topless Day, which was celebrated on Sunday . 'Well, evidently,' Gray said. 'I'm not suggesting you should do that but I don't think you’d be committing any crime or breaking any bylaw.' Groups of women turned out shirtless in cities including New York on August 25 to celebrate a women's right to bare her breasts in public. The annual event was started in 2007. Welbourne went on to ask the mayor whether he was aware we are all naked under our clothes and whether he had any piercing and he replied in good humor.
highlights: Lori Welbourne was talking to Walter Gray, mayor of Kelowna in British Columbia, Canada ahead of Sunday's Go Topless Day . 'What if I went walking down the street topless?' she asked . But before Gray could answer her question, Welbourne handed him her microphone and undid the strap on her dress, exposing her breasts . Gray continued the interview in good humor .
id: c02e1ff7f30479fd84aa5fa103c1bff2179286f9
chatgpt: Kelowna, British Columbia, Canada - Lori Welbourne, a Canadian blogger and activist, made headlines yesterday when she confronted Kelowna Mayor Walter Gray on the subject of Go Topless Day. During the interview, Welbourne asked Gray, "What if I went walking down the street topless?" But before he had a chance to reply, she handed him her microphone and undid the strap on her dress, exposing her breasts. Gray, who is known for his laid-back personality, seemed unfazed by the stunt and continued the interview with good humor. "Well, if you did that, you might get some strange looks," he said, chuckling. Go Topless Day, also known as National Go Topless Day, is an annual event that advocates for women's rights to go topless in public, just like men. It falls on the Sunday closest to Women's Equality Day, which is celebrated in the US on August 26th. The event has sparked controversy and debates around the world, with some arguing that it is inappropriate for women to expose their breasts in public. Some jurisdictions have even banned the conduct. In Canada, however, it is not technically illegal for women to go topless in public, although it is relatively uncommon to see women exercising this right. Welbourne, for her part, has been a vocal supporter of women's right to go topless in public. She has written several blog posts on the subject and has even walked around topless in public to challenge societal norms. While some may see her actions as provocative, Welbourne views them as a way to promote gender equality. "Why should men be allowed to go topless and not women? It's just a double standard that needs to go," she says. Gray, for his part, may have been caught off guard by Welbourne's stunt, but he seemed to take it in stride. "I'm all for people expressing their rights and their beliefs, as long as it's done in a respectful and appropriate manner," he said. Only time will tell whether Welbourne's actions will lead to a larger conversation about gender equality, or whether they will be seen as a one-time stunt. But for now, she has certainly captured people's attention and sparked discussion on a controversial topic.