article: By . Anna Edwards . PUBLISHED: . 12:01 EST, 13 February 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 02:47 EST, 14 February 2013 . Alan Watkins challenged police to catch him - and they did . A violent thug who taunted police while he was on the run has now been arrested and returned to prison. Alan Watkins, 24, who was on license after being jailed for an assault, poked fun on Facebook at Gwent Police's attempts to catch him. He wrote 'Catch me if you can' and posted photos of himself appearing to urinate on police car. However, he was finally arrested for breaching his licence conditions. A Gwent Police spokesman said: 'Twenty . four year old Alan Watkins who had breached his licence conditions . after being released from prison has been arrested and will be returned . to prison custody.' He . began taunting officers after an urgent appeal for information as to his . whereabouts was posted on Gwent Police's Facebook page. Watkins . even shared the appeal on his own page, boasting: 'Wow, I'm on the . Gwent police site. You catch me if you can - do your f****** job'. He was released from jail last May, . half way through a seven month sentence for assault, but has since . breached his licence conditions. Over a 24 hour period he continued to mock officers, posting: 'Catching me is like keeping up with Usain Bolt, impossible.' Caught: Alan Watkins has been arrested by police after he breached his licence conditions . Not laughing any more: After hours spent taunting police and telling them to do their job and find him, they did . He added: 'Well what should I do today, hand myself in or enjoy my freedom a little longer. 'Freedom... prison... freedom... prison... freedom or prison? That is the question.' As friends told him to hand himself in, he wrote: 'I think I might as well live my freedom before it gets taken away.' One friend joked: 'Ha ha, you can run but you can't hide. Alan proudly posted pictures of himself apparently urinating on a police car and holding what appeared to be a suspicious-looking cigarette as his friends on Facebook warned him he would get caught by Gwent Police . 'They found you once and they'll find you again.' Another friend added: 'Police banging my door yesterday looking for you, I'm not happy about it.' As well as his mocking posts, Watkins has also posted a picture of himself apparently urinating on a police car. His account says that he is a plasterer from Newport, in South Wales, but lists his current location as 'on the naughty step'. Alan appeared to debate whether or not to enjoy freedom a little longer or head back to prison on his Facebook wall . Watkins had put his own 'wanted' poster on Facebook and taunted police saying: 'Catch me if you can'
highlights: Alan Watkins will return to prison for breaching licence conditions . Taunted officers telling them to do their job and catch him - which they did .
id: 42daf9c6a524052995a2a164b22b3663736e0595
chatgpt: Alan Watkins, a 43-year-old man from the United Kingdom, is set to return to prison after breaching the conditions of his parole. Watkins was released from prison on licence but soon found himself on the wrong side of the law once again. Watkins was caught taunting police officers and telling them to “do their job” after breaching the conditions of his licence. The officers took his words as a challenge and eventually caught him, sending him back to prison to serve out the remainder of his original sentence. According to reports, Watkins had initially been released from prison on licence after serving half of his sentence. However, he soon fell into his old ways and found himself in trouble with the authorities once again. Police officers had been searching for Watkins for some time after he breached the terms of his licence. They eventually caught up with him after receiving a tip off from a member of the public, who had spotted him walking down a street in a town in the south of England. Upon spotting the officers approaching him, Watkins began to taunt them and told them to “do their job” if they wanted to catch him. The officers took his words as a challenge and eventually tracked him down to a nearby pub, where he was arrested. Watkins, who had been previously convicted for a number of offences, including theft and drug possession, was taken back to prison to serve out the remainder of his sentence. He is reportedly disappointed at having to return to prison, but has accepted that he breached the conditions of his licence. Speaking about the incident, a spokesperson for the police said: “We take all breaches of licences and court orders extremely seriously and will always act on intelligence to bring offenders to justice.” They added: “Alan Watkins’ behaviour was unacceptable and taunting officers in this way could have put the public at risk. We’re pleased that he has been apprehended and will now serve out the remainder of his sentence.” Watkins' family members have expressed their disappointment at his actions, saying that they had hoped he would be able to turn his life around after being released from prison. They have also urged other individuals to consider the consequences of their actions, and to think twice before breaking the law. While Watkins’ case is certainly an unfortunate one, it serves as a reminder of the importance of abiding by the law and respecting the conditions of parole. With the help of the public and the police, those who breach the terms of their release will be caught and made to serve out the remainder of their sentence.