article: (CNN) -- One thing Saudi people should not have to worry about is money. Oil money is paying for Saudi Arabia's growth but it is also the main cause of rising prices . The kingdom is awash in cash which keeps pouring into the world's largest oil producer as prices rise. Last year alone, Saudi is estimated to have raked in about $200 billion from oil. It is this influx of money which is paying for Saudi Arabia's economic growth -- but it is also the main cause of rising prices across the country. "There is no free lunch. If you want to grow at that base, you have to swallow a price every once in a while in the form of high inflation," said Abdulrahman Al Harithi, CEO of investment bank, MENA Financial Group. Saudi people are certainly paying the price. Inflation is currently running at 9.6 percent -- a 30-year high. At the beginning of the year, rental costs went up nearly 17 percent. In March, the cost of fuel and water increased almost 16 percent and other everyday staples also saw double digit gains. The kingdom's business community is also concerned about the adverse effects of inflation. A recent survey of Saudi Arabia's business confidence by financial services company, SABB, found that while confidence remains robust, over half of respondents were concerned that inflation would lead to rising business costs. Prices in the kingdom will continue their upward trend, according to the analysts at SABB. What's more, there is not much the Saudi government can do to combat it. The riyal, like many other Gulf currencies, is pegged to the U.S. dollar and while the Gulf is booming, the U.S. is heading towards recession. As the economic fortunes of the two countries continue to diverge it is hard to see what can be done to combat inflation. The main problem is that whenever the U.S. Federal Reserve cuts interest rates, like it did this week, the kingdom must follow suit. In a booming economy like Saudi's, low interest rates push prices through the roof. The government is studying whether remedies like a minimum wage could ease the pain but some in the kingdom, like Al Harithi, say there is no quick solution. "Honestly, I don't' think there is an answer for such a question. I don't think there is a magical formula that could fix this issue," he told CNN.  E-mail to a friend .
highlights: Last year, Saudi Arabia brought in around $200 billion from oil . The huge profits are fueling growth but inflation is at a 30 year high . Food and water costs have rocketed by 16 percent . The Saudi government is looking at remedies like a minimum wage .
id: 62785b99e4007fad95ce55d427046e14aef476a4
chatgpt: Saudi Arabia's oil industry continues to be a major source of revenue for the country. In 2019 alone, oil profits generated around $200 billion. Although this has fueled growth and development in the country, it has also come with a cost. The high profits have led to inflation rates that haven’t been seen in over 30 years. With the rapid increase in oil profits, Saudi Arabia has experienced a surge in food and water costs, with prices skyrocketing by 16 percent and pushing many struggling families into poverty. In response, the Saudi government has begun exploring ways to address the problem, including the implementation of a minimum wage. The minimum wage would be a significant step forward for the country, where historically low pay has been the norm. Many workers frequently earn just a few hundred dollars a month despite the high cost of living in the country. The implementation of the minimum wage would help alleviate the economic burden on low-income earners and support the economy by increasing consumer demand. However, implementing this measure would not be without challenges. One of the biggest challenges facing the Saudi government is defining what the minimum wage would be and how it would be applied. The government would have to balance the need to support low-income earners and providing incentives to create and retain local jobs. Additionally, the government would have to create an enforcement mechanism to ensure employers meet the minimum wage requirement. Another challenge facing the government is the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the economy. The pandemic has caused an economic slowdown, leading to job losses and unemployment. In this environment, it will be difficult to implement a minimum wage while the economy is already struggling. Despite these challenges, the implementation of a minimum wage is a promising measure that could address the economic difficulties faced by low-income earners. The approach could help reduce the inequality gap and promote economic growth by reducing poverty. In conclusion, Saudi Arabia has experienced significant economic growth due to oil revenues, but this growth has come with a high cost in terms of inflation. The implementation of a minimum wage is one potential solution that could help address this problem. Although it will not be an easy process, the Saudi government must take the necessary steps to ensure the benefits of economic growth are shared fairly.