article: Spanish champions Real Madrid were paired with their English counterparts Manchester City as the draw for the European Champions League was made Thursday in Monaco. The heavyweight pair will also have Borussia Dortmund and four-time winners Ajax Amsterdam for company in Group D, with only the top two going through to the last 16 knockout stages. Roberto Mancini's City were knocked out in the group stages of last season's competition, won by fellow English Premier League side Chelsea, while Real Madrid fell at the semifinal stage to Bayern Munich. The "Group of Death" contains all champions of their respective leagues with Dortmund claiming the Bundesliga title for the second straight year and Ajax winning the Dutch crown. Chelsea have Serie A winners Juventus for company in Group E, along with Shakhtar Donetsk of the Ukraine and Danish new boys Nordsjaelland. Chelsea, who beat Bayern on penalties in last season's final, would be the first team to defend the title in the Champions League era. Barcelona, beaten so dramatically by Chelsea in last year's semifinals, have Benfica of Portugal, Russia's Spartak Moscow and Scottish champions Celtic in Group G. Three-time champions Manchester United were drawn in Group H with Portugal's SC Braga, Galatasaray of Turkey and  Romanians CFR-Cluj. Like their city rivals, United fell at the group stages in last year's competition after losing at  FC Basel and will be keen to avoid a similar fate. Bayern, still smarting at their defeat to Chelsea in their own Allianz Arena back in May's final, have Spain's Valencia, Lille of France and BATE Borisov of Belarus in Group F. Seven-time winners AC Milan, who have lost several key players in the transfer window, were joined by Zenit St. Petersburg of Russia, Belgium's Anderlecht and Malaga of Spain, who are making their debut in the Champions League. New French champions Montpellier are also appearing for the first time and having sold star striker Olivier Giroud to Arsenal will face the Gunners in Group B. Bundesliga Schalke and Olympiakos of Greece complete the section. Big spending Paris St Germain were pitted in Group A with Dinamo Kyiv of the Ukraine, Portuguese giants Porto and Dinamo Zagreb of Croatia. All the teams will be bidding to make the final of this year's competition which takes place on May 25 at Wembley Stadium in London.
highlights: European Champions League draw made in Monaco . EPL champions Manchester City drawn in same group as Real Madrid . Borussia Dortmund and Ajax also in tough looking Group D . Title holders Chelsea in same group as Serie A champions Juventus .
id: 3bc7aa190c79ce9cf6126d805ab42ccaabed56fc
chatgpt: In an eagerly anticipated event, the draw for the group stage of the European Champions League was made yesterday in the principality of Monaco. The draw, which was conducted by former Barcelona player Eric Abidal and Manchester United legend, Paul Scholes, was watched by millions of football fans across the globe. The draw threw up some mouth-watering fixtures and intriguing match-ups, with some teams facing a tougher task than others. One of the standout fixtures from the draw is Group D, which sees Premier League champions Manchester City pitted against Spanish giants Real Madrid, Borussia Dortmund and Dutch side Ajax. It is fair to say that City manager Pep Guardiola will not be happy with the draw, as his side face a tough task to make it out of the group stage. Real Madrid, of course, are one of the most successful teams in the history of the competition, while Dortmund and Ajax are no strangers to the latter stages of the Champions League. The draw also saw defending champions Chelsea paired with Italian champions Juventus in Group H. The two sides will face each other twice in the group stage, with both teams hoping to progress to the knockout stages. Chelsea will also face Russian side Zenit St Petersburg, as well as Swedish side Malmo. Elsewhere in the draw, there were some potentially exciting fixtures, such as Liverpool facing Atletico Madrid in Group B, and Paris Saint-Germain facing Manchester United in Group A. Group C saw Portuguese champions Porto paired with Spanish side Atletico Madrid, German champions Bayern Munich, and Dutch side Ajax. As always, the group stage of the Champions League promises to be an exciting affair, with some of the biggest names in European football battling it out for a place in the knockout stages. The competition is widely regarded as the most prestigious club tournament in world football, and with a prize fund of over $1 billion, teams are sure to be highly motivated to succeed. With the draw now complete, attention will turn to the start of the group stage, which will get underway on September 14. Fans and pundits alike will be eagerly anticipating the start of the competition, which promises to bring excitement and drama in equal measure. In conclusion, the European Champions League draw certainly lived up to its billing, with some intriguing match-ups and potentially exciting fixtures. The group stages promise to be highly competitive, with some of the biggest names in world football battling it out for a place in the knockout stages. Fans can look forward to some thrilling encounters, as the world's finest teams go head-to-head in the quest for Champions League glory.