article: By . Tim Shipman . PUBLISHED: . 19:01 EST, 29 April 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 01:35 EST, 30 April 2013 . 'Chumocracy': David Cameron, pictured yesterday, has hired one of his best friends for a No. 10 position . David Cameron was accused of cronyism again last night after appointing one of his best friends, Earl Spencer’s former brother-in-law, to a job in Downing Street. Journalist Christopher Lockwood, whose sister married Princess Diana’s brother, will take up a post in the No 10 policy unit. Mr Lockwood was described by the Prime Minister as one of his closest friends when he gave evidence to Lord Justice Leveson’s inquiry into Press standards. The pair are so close that they once went on holiday together to Italy. His appointment caused despair among Tory MPs who think Mr Cameron is unwilling to trust people from outside his social circle. ‘Great move, Dave,’ one said. ‘Good luck trying to argue we are not a bunch of toffs after this.’ Tim Montgomerie, a former Conservative chief of staff, said: ‘Extraordinary that Cameron has appointed yet another mate to Number 10. 'Where is the openness to new thinking from different backgrounds?’ And a Tory minister said: ‘Many of us wanted the Downing Street operation beefed up but the biggest problem we’ve got is looking like we’re out of touch. Picking another crony doesn’t help.’ Last week Mr Cameron brought in Boris Johnson’s brother Jo to run his policy unit. Mr Johnson, like Mr Cameron and the London Mayor, is an Old Etonian and studied Philosophy, Politics and Economics at Oxford. Mr Lockwood was educated at St Paul’s . School, the exclusive London independent school that Chancellor George . Osborne also attended. Political pals: David Cameron recently hired Boris Johnson's brother Jo, yet another fellow Etonian and Oxford graduate, to run the policy unit where Mr Lockwood will be working . He studied PPE at Oxford and later became Boris Johnson’s deputy at the Daily Telegraph’s Brussels bureau. The appointment lays bare the ‘chumocracy’ of public schoolboys Mr Cameron has invited into No 10. However last night Mr Cameron dismissed claims that he promotes people based on social class. He said: ‘I choose the most talented people. ‘I judge people by what they can do, what they can bring, by the quality of their brains and the passion in their hearts, not which school they went to.’
highlights: Cameron has hired journalist Christopher Lockwood for his policy unit . PM has previously described Lockwood as 'one of his closest friends' Tory MPs outraged at yet another 'chumocracy' choice for No.10 .
id: c1a31981d4dd422ad7e4e0b4a1983f871d174a33
chatgpt: British Prime Minister David Cameron has hired journalist Christopher Lockwood for his policy unit, sparking outrage from some Tory MPs who are accusing the PM of favoritism. Lockwood has a long history with Cameron, having previously worked as his Chief foreign affairs commentator at The Economist. The PM himself famously described Lockwood as "one of his closest friends" in a speech given earlier this year. The PM's decision to hire Lockwood has been met with criticism from some Tory MPs who are calling it yet another example of a "chumocracy" within No. 10. These MPs fear that such appointments could lead to a lack of objectivity and transparency within the government, ultimately weakening its effectiveness. This is not the first time that Cameron has faced criticism for his appointment decisions. Tory MP Zac Goldsmith has previously accused the PM of creating a "cartel" of advisors and "courtiers" who do not have the interests of the wider public at heart. Some MPs have also accused Cameron of using his personal contacts to advance his own political agenda. Despite the criticisms, Cameron is reportedly standing by his decision to appoint Lockwood to his policy unit. The PM has defended the appointment, stating that Lockwood is an experienced journalist with a strong track record in foreign affairs. Cameron believes that Lockwood's expertise will be invaluable in helping to shape government policy, particularly in the areas of international relations and security. Lockwood, for his part, has stated that he is excited to be joining Cameron's policy unit. He has praised the PM's leadership, stating that Cameron is "unequivocally committed to ensuring the UK remains a global leader". Lockwood has also highlighted the importance of transparency within government, stating that he is committed to working to ensure that the government's policies are clear and accountable. The controversy surrounding Cameron's decision to appoint Lockwood is just one example of the wider debate around "chumocracy" within UK politics. Critics argue that such appointments undermine the principles of transparency and accountability that underpin democracy, while others argue that personal connections are an inevitable part of political life. While the debate rages on, it remains to be seen whether Cameron's decision to appoint Lockwood will ultimately prove to be a wise one. As the PM prepares to lead the UK into a post-Brexit world, he will undoubtedly be hoping that his policy unit is able to provide him with the expert advice and support that he needs to steer the country through uncertain waters.