article: This city's anti-tech backlash took a new turn Sunday when protesters lashed out at Google Ventures partner Kevin Rose, waving banners outside his home while demanding that Google fund "anti-capitalist" communities in the Bay Area. Claiming to represent service workers, the protesters handed out fliers in the city's Potrero Hill neighborhood that called Rose a "parasite" and blamed him for helping fuel the "tech startup bubble that is destroying San Francisco." The episode was the latest in a wave of anti-tech-industry protests that have been picking up steam in this city over the past year. Protesters complain an influx of highly paid tech workers is driving up rents, forcing out longtime residents and robbing the city of its famously eccentric character. Most of the anti-tech fervor has focused on big-name companies such as Google and Twitter and the private bus systems that ferry their employees from the city to various corporate headquarters in Silicon Valley. It's rarer for the protests to target specific people, although in January an unidentified group protested at the Berkeley home of a Google engineer best known for helping develop the company's self-driving car. The 37-year-old Rose is probably best known as the co-founder of Digg, the news aggregation site he helped launch in 2004. After Rose's last startup was acquired by Google, he went to work at Google Ventures, where he helps decide which startups the company's venture-capital arm will invest in. The protesters claim such funding encourages too many young, wealthy entrepreneurs to move to the Bay Area. Rose met the protesters head-on by posting an image of their flier to Instagram and Twitter. In a tweet Sunday he noted as "odd" their use of Google products, such as Android phones and YouTube, to tape and share videos of the protests. But he also said he agreed with the protesters in part. "We need to solve rising rents, keep the SF culture, and crack down on landlords booting folks out," Rose tweeted. "SF is such a great place, definitely need to figure out a way to keep the diversity." A local group called Counterforce appears to have claimed responsibility for the protest, posting a lengthy screed about Rose on a blog, kevinroseisaterribleperson.wordpress.com. The post demands that Google give $3 billion to an anarchist organization so it can "create autonomous, anti-capitalist, and anti-racist communities throughout the Bay Area and Northern California." Google has not yet publicly responded to the demand.
highlights: Protesters targeted Google Ventures exec Kevin Rose's home Sunday . They are angry about gentrification, influx of high-paid tech workers in the Bay Area . The group demanded $3 billion from Google to set up "anti-capitalist" communities . Rose co-founded Digg, the news-aggregation site, before going to Google .
id: 286ab4243cf9ea740dc2daad5378092e1746b436
chatgpt: Protests targeting Google Ventures executive, Kevin Rose, has raised awareness of the growing concern about gentrification and the influx of high-paid tech workers in the Bay Area. On Sunday, a group of protesters gathered outside Rose's home to demand that Google pays $3 billion towards setting up "anti-capitalist" communities in the area. Rose, who co-founded the news-aggregation site, Digg, before joining Google, has become the latest target in a series of protests against the tech industry's impact on the Bay Area. Protesters claim that the surge of tech companies like Google has driven up the cost of living and housing, pushing many long-standing residents out of their homes. The protest against Rose's home was part of a coordinated effort by the group to target high-profile tech executives in the area. It is part of a wider movement against the growing gentrification of neighborhoods and displacement of local residents, which some protestors argue is creating an unlivable environment for many. In response to the protest, Rose took to Twitter to express his concern. He said that, "It's hard to see the downside of creating more jobs in SF, even if it drives up prices. Not clear to me how protests like this help." The tension between the tech industry and the local community has been building for several years. Several tech executives have faced protests outside their homes and offices from activists who are frustrated by their perceived lack of investment in local communities. The $3 billion demand from Google is intended to support "anti-capitalist" communities in the Bay Area. The group behind the demand argues that this funding will help to mitigate the impact of gentrification by creating sustainable communities that are less dependent on the tech industry. As the trend of gentrification continues to spread across many urban centers on the West Coast, it seems that the battle between long-time residents and tech industry leaders is far from over. It remains to be seen whether the tech industry will respond to calls for greater investment in local communities, or whether they will continue to disregard the concerns of local residents in pursuit of greater profits. In the meantime, protests like the one that targeted Kevin Rose's home serve as a reminder of the deep-seated frustration and anger that many Bay Area residents feel towards the tech industry and its impact on their lives.