article: Alex Salmond might be struggling to win the argument over Scottish independence but today insisted he is winning the battle of the bulge. The Scottish First Minister revealed he has been on the 5:2 diet for months, and has lost 2st 4lbs, with another stone to go to reach his target weight. Accusing George Osborne of coming to the diet craze late, Mr Salmond said he had been advised to try the 5:2 by Mervyn King when he was the governor of the Bank of England. Alex Salmond, pictured left in April, says he has lost 2st 4lbs since embarking on the 5:2 diet to shed the pounds seen in September 2012 (right) Mr Salmond said that after easily shedding the pounds, he is now struggling to reach his target weight. 'I have lost 2st 4lbs. The last stone is proving a bit trickier than the previous 2st 4lb,' he told BBC Radio 4's World At One programme. Mr Osborne has used the 5:2 diet to get in shape, which means he has to fast for two days a week. It appears to be paying off, with the Tory Chancellor looking noticeably trimmer in recent weeks. But Mr Salmond claimed the Chancellor had come to the diet late. 'He started substantially after I did. On the issue of 5:2, as one the issue of sterling, George Osborne will see the error of his ways.' Bizarrely, Mr Salmond decided to go on the diet after taking advice from the country's top banker. 'Mervyn King told me to go on it,' he said. 'I can reveal my dietary adviser is the former governor of the Bank of England.' Former Bank of England governor Sir Mervyn King suggested Mr Salmond try to the diet craze . Mr Osborne imposed austerity measures . on his food intake as part of an image makeover, which aides hope will . boost his chances of succeeding David Cameron. The Chancellor has already abandoned his . foppish former haircut in favour of a close cropped Caesar cut, which . his allies believe looks more serious. The diet requires Mr Osborne to limit his intake to 600 calories two days a week and eat normally on the other five.
highlights: Scottish First Minister says he is winning the battle of the bulge . Accuses Chancellor George Osborne of coming to the diet fad later . Says Mervyn King told him to try the diet involving fasting for two days .
id: 3c5262a3b7c738fb9023d9d0b2ec39de56e577a9
chatgpt: Scottish First Minister, Alex Salmond, has claimed that he is winning his battle of the bulge, having recently shed pounds by adopting a fasting diet recommended by the Governor of the Bank of England, Mervyn King. Salmond told reporters that he had been advised to try the rapid weight loss method, which involves fasting for two days out of every seven, by King himself.  Speaking at Holyrood, Salmond accused Chancellor George Osborne of being slow to catch on to the latest diet fad. The First Minister warned that Osborne faces a struggle to lose his recent weight gain if he doesn't act fast. "I tried to get George to come on the same diet but he came to the party a bit later," Salmond said. "He's probably got a few pounds to lose now, so he'll have to be quick off the mark if he wants to stand a chance." Salmond's comments come after he was photographed wearing a kilt that appeared to hang looser than usual around his waistline. The Scottish leader claims to have lost several kilograms in recent weeks following a strict fasting regime. "I feel great since I started this diet," he said. "I've got more energy and I'm sleeping better too." Salmond isn't the first politician to embrace fasting as a way to stay healthy. UK Prime Minister, David Cameron, has also been known to fast on occasion. The trend has drawn criticism from some health professionals, who warn that it can be dangerous to abruptly cut calories. However, others argue that short-term fasting can have long-term health benefits. Salmond said that he plans to continue with the diet for the foreseeable future, citing King's advice as one of the reasons for his success. "When the Governor of the Bank of England tells you to do something, you tend to listen," he said. "But beyond that, I think it's a sensible way to stay healthy and lose weight." Despite his weight loss success, Salmond was quick to emphasize that he wasn't trying to be an evangelist for the diet. "I'm not saying it's for everyone," he said. "But it's working for me, and that's all that matters."