article: By . Mike Dickson . Follow @@Mike_Dickson_DM . Teenagers are not supposed to do this kind of thing any more. In tennis, we hear, everyone has to wait until their early-to-mid-twenties to properly develop their talent. The ages of the top-ranked players back that argument up. But try telling it to Nick Kyrgios, the 19-year-old painter and decorator’s son from Australia’s unfashionable capital of Canberra, after he blitzed Rafael Nadal on his Centre Court debut. The old arena has probably not seen a statement like that since Boris Becker’s extraordinary breakthrough in 1985, when the 17-year-old terrified the life out of his elders and betters. Upstage: Nick Kyrgios celebrates beating Rafael Nadal in the tournament's biggest shock . Adios: Nadal waves goodbye after being beaten by the younger man in the fourth round . Perhaps a more recent comparison is a 19-year-old Roger Federer beating Pete Sampras at this same fourth-round stage in 2001. The emerging Swiss was by then already ranked 15 in the world, although Sampras’s Wimbledon pedigree was more substantial than Nadal’s. This had a similar mark of nerveless youth, of someone unrestrained by understanding the potential scale of the achievement. It was certainly a more sensational result than its only statistical rival of the past 25 years, world No 1 Jim Courier’s 1992 ousting by the Russian journeyman Andrei Olhovskiy, who then languished at 193. There is more of a premium these days on core strength and stamina, which is why the era of the wunderkind is meant to be over, and why so many players are enjoying their career highs in their late twenties, even early thirties. Eyes on the prize: Kyrgios will need to show more focus than other Australian teen-wonders to succeed . Kyrgios has rendered that irrelevant with his golden arm, so quick and loose he makes that of compatriot Mitchell Johnson seem like the limb of a medium pace trundler. Australian tennis will celebrate the arrival of Kyrgios. Once the cradle of champions, the game there in recent years has been on life support compared to the old glory days. Bernard Tomic has been little but trouble since making the Wimbledon quarter-final at 18 in 2011, and Sam Stosur’s US Open triumph the same year has also proved to be a false dawn. Another Aussie teenager, Thanasi Kokkinakis, is reckoned to be of a similar potential to Kyrgios. Feeling the heat: Nadal's grass court reputation has been damaged by several upsets in recent years . Potential: Kyrgios was world junior number one before turning professional last year . As for Nadal, he will welcome the extended three-week gap next year between Roland Garros and Wimbledon. His two grass court Grand Slam titles are becoming buried under a mound of upsets on the surface. As he gets older and the body becomes less co-operative, his Paris exertions are proving too much to recover from.
highlights: 19-year-old beat world number one at Wimbledon . Young players knocking out established stars has become rare . This was Kyrgios' first match on Centre Court .
id: b89de3ee9cb2831104488cd456ea8ad87ad9cf2b
chatgpt: In a stunning upset at Wimbledon, 19-year-old Nick Kyrgios has knocked out the reigning world number one Rafael Nadal in their second-round match. Kyrgios, who is ranked 144th in the world, has become the first player to defeat Nadal in the tournament before the quarterfinals since 2005. For young players to knock out established stars has become a rare occurrence in professional tennis. But for Kyrgios, it seems to have become a habit. The young Australian player had already beaten the 13th seed Richard Gasquet in his first-round match before facing Nadal. The match was not without its share of drama as fans were treated to a thrilling display of power tennis from both players. Kyrgios held his nerve well during the match, firing 37 aces en route to his victory. He also displayed his ability to play under pressure, saving nine break points and converting one of his own to secure the 7-6 (7-5), 5-7, 7-6 (7-5), 6-3 victory over Nadal. After the match, Kyrgios spoke about his excitement at having beaten the world number one. "It's an unbelievable feeling." "I've dreamed of this moment since I was a little boy, and it's something that I will never forget." This was Kyrgios' first match on Centre Court, and he remarked that he was not sure if he was ready for the big stage. "I didn't know if I was ready for it, but I'm thankful that I was able to execute my game plan well and come up with the win." Kyrgios will now face another tough opponent in Jiri Vesely in the third round. For Nadal, the loss will come as a disappointment as he had been aiming to win his third Wimbledon title. The Spaniard, who recently won his ninth French Open, has struggled with injuries over the past year, and this loss will be another setback for him. Kyrgios' win comes at an exciting time for Australian men's tennis, with several young players showing great potential. There is hope that the next generation of players, led by Kyrgios, can help bring Australian tennis back to the forefront of the international stage. The victory also highlights the unpredictability of Grand Slam tennis and the potential for underdogs to cause upsets. This year has seen its share of such moments, with several top players falling in the early rounds. As Wimbledon continues, spectators and fans around the world will be eagerly watching to see if Kyrgios can continue his impressive form and cause another upset. For the young Australian player, the future looks bright, and he is undoubtedly one to watch as the tournament progresses.