article: By . Sam Webb . PUBLISHED: . 09:21 EST, 18 June 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 11:56 EST, 18 June 2013 . A company director and 'wild swimming' enthusiast drowned after getting into trouble in the English Channel. Jonathan Joyce, 41, co-founder and director of web company Storm ID died after being airlifted to hospital on Saturday. A canoeist had spotted the Edinburgh resident unconscious in the water at Beesands beach near Salcombe, Devon, and took him ashore. Scroll down for video . 'A wonderful and passionate colleague': Jonathan Joyce was found unconscious in the English Channel and later died in hospital. He was a keen promoter of 'wild swimming' Mr Joyce, a co-founder of digital agency Storm ID, enjoyed swimming in lakes, rivers and seas . Mr Joyce was a member of the Outdoor Swimming Society, which promotes swimming in lakes, seas and rivers. The Edinburgh University graduate had previously worked in the city before setting up Storm ID in 2001. His parents Pete, 66 and Denise, 65, paid tribute to him , saying he had 'many reasons to be proud'. They said: 'Storm ID had been established for a few years and they hosted a party on the beach. Missed: Family and work colleagues have spoken of their shock at the super-fit 41-year-old's death and paid tribute to an 'extremely gifted and remarkable individual' 'Jonathan had looked out and seen about 100 people - mothers, fathers, children, young people and their partners - all having fun together in the knowledge that they had a secure future. 'He was proud he had been able to help create that. 'Jonathan lived for 41 years and died knowing that he was loved and admired for every single moment by his parents.' Simon Wall, Paul McGinness and Craig Turpie at Storm ID paid tribute to their colleague on the company website. They said: 'His passing has come as a huge shock to all of us at Storm ID and he will be sorely missed. 'We have lost not only a wonderful and passionate colleague but a dear friend. 'The only comfort we can take is that our lives have been greatly enriched by the privilege of knowing him and for having done some incredible work with an extremely gifted and remarkable individual.' Dave Malins added on the site: 'I really can't believe this. Very sad news indeed. 'JJ was an inspiration, a great friend and colleague, and will be sorely missed.' Mr Joyce was a prominent member of the Outdoor Swimming Society and created a 'wild swim map' for other enthusiasts. The society's website said: 'Jonathan is the missing link with our aquatic ape ancestors. Throwing himself into any water deeper than a puddle he spends all his free time looking for new places to swim, in and around Devon.' Mr Joyce loved 'wild swimming' so much he produced a map of locations to help others to enjoy it . His parents said: 'Jonathan lived for 41 years and died knowing that he was loved and admired for every single moment'
highlights: Jonathan Joyce, 41, was found by a canoeist near Salcombe in Devon . The web company director was a keen promoter of 'wild swimming' Colleagues said: 'Our lives have been greatly enriched by knowing him'
id: 614d97a51275d7fa45750c3e59d7933fa528cd40
chatgpt: Jonathan Joyce, a 41-year-old web company director and keen "wild swimmer," was found deceased near Salcombe in Devon by a canoeist on July 24th. His colleagues, friends, and family have issued statements expressing their sadness and shock at his tragic passing. Joyce was known in the community as a passionate advocate for the benefits of taking regular dips in natural bodies of water. He frequently posted about his swims on social media and organized group outings in the area. Friends remember him as an uplifting presence who inspired them to connect with nature and take risks. "He pushed us out of our comfort zones in the best way possible," said one colleague. "Jonathan lived life to the fullest and encouraged us to do the same. Our lives have been greatly enriched by knowing him." His love for the outdoors translated into his professional life as well. Joyce was highly regarded in the tech industry for his innovative ideas and commitment to sustainability. He co-founded a successful start-up that provided eco-conscious website design and marketing services to businesses. "Jonathan's creativity and passion were contagious," said a former client. "His vision helped us to grow our brand in a way that aligned with our values. He was always full of new ideas and approaches that inspired us." While police have not confirmed the cause of Joyce's death, authorities believe that he may have drowned during a solo swim. The water conditions were reportedly calm but investigations are ongoing to determine the circumstances. Joyce's passing has struck a chord with the community of wild swimmers who have taken to social media to honor his memory. Many have shared photos and memories of their time spent swimming with Joyce and expressed how much he will be missed. "He was part of a special group of people who found solace and joy in the water," said one swimmer. "We will continue to honor his legacy by swimming on and sharing his passion with others." Joyce's family has requested privacy during this difficult time. A memorial service will be held for him at a later date. The loss of Jonathan Joyce has left a void in the lives of those who knew him. His enthusiasm for adventure and zest for life will be remembered and celebrated for years to come.