article: After a lifelong battle with mental illness, the youngest son of Pastor Rick Warren has committed suicide, his family said. Matthew Warren, 27, died from an apparent self-inflicted gunshot wound on Friday, said Deputy Daniel Aikin, with the Orange County Coroner's Office. The family shared news of his death in an e-mail to church staff. Rick Warren and his wife founded Saddleback Valley Community Church, a megachurch in Southern California. "No words can express the anguished grief we feel right now," the pastor wrote in the note, a copy of which was sent to CNN. "You who watched Matthew grow up knew he was an incredibly kind, gentle, and compassionate man. He had a brilliant intellect and a gift for sensing who was most in pain or most uncomfortable  in a room. He'd then make a bee-line to that person to engage and encourage them. "But only those closest knew that he struggled from birth with mental illness, dark holes of depression, and even suicidal thoughts. In spite of America's best doctors, meds, counselors, and prayers for healing, the torture of mental illness never subsided." According to Aikin, Matthew Warren's body was found at his home in Mission Viejo, California, late Friday afternoon. He put the estimated time of death at around 10 a.m. that day. The coroner's office is investigating the death. An autopsy will be conducted early next week, Aikin told CNN on Saturday. According to a spokesman for Rick Warren, Matthew Warren worked in the Saddleback Resources Warehouse, which distributes books and DVDs. Matthew Warren's uncle, Tom Holladay,  preached at the church Saturday night. He thanked members for coming and said that "we're facing it as a family." "We're going to be real together about our hurts, and we're going to be real together about the thing that only He can give us: Hope in the face of anything and everything," Holladay said. As a pioneer of the megachurch movement, Rick Warren looked to translate traditional evangelical messages to a wider audience. The pastor gave the invocation at President Barack Obama's 2009 inauguration and penned "The Purpose-Driven Life," a Christian self-help guide that became a mainstream best-seller. "I'll never forget how, many years ago, after another approach had failed to give relief, Matthew said 'Dad, I know I'm going to heaven. Why can't I just die and end this pain?' but he kept going for another decade," Rick Warren wrote in the e-mail. In a separate statement, his church asked for prayers and that "God's comfort and peace" be with the Warren family.
highlights: Matthew Warren, 27, died from an apparent self-inflicted gunshot wound, says an official . His body was found at his home in Mission Viejo, California, on Friday . He struggled from birth with mental illness, Rick Warren says . The elder Warren is a pioneer of the megachurch movement and a best-selling author .
id: 22122f5cd763a7ce54b952857829d0da770657a2
chatgpt: Matthew Warren, the 27-year-old son of Pastor Rick Warren, was found dead at his home in Mission Viejo, California on Friday. An official confirmed that Matthew had died from an apparent self-inflicted gunshot wound. There has been an outpouring of support for the Warren family, who are well-known in Christian circles. Rick Warren is a pioneer of the megachurch movement and a best-selling author whose book "The Purpose Driven Life" has sold over 32 million copies worldwide. In a statement, Warren described his son as "an incredibly kind, gentle, and compassionate young man whose sweet spirit was encouragement and comfort to many." However, Matthew had struggled with mental illness since birth. In another statement, Rick Warren shared how the family had spent years seeking treatment for Matthew's depression, anxiety, and suicidal thoughts. Despite their efforts, Matthew lost his battle with mental illness and took his own life. Many have been left wondering what can be done to prevent tragedies like this from happening. According to data from the National Alliance on Mental Illness, suicide is the second leading cause of death among people aged 10-34 in the United States. It is clear that more needs to be done to address the mental health crisis in this country. In the wake of Matthew's death, many have spoken out about the importance of seeking help for mental health issues. One of the biggest barriers to treatment is the stigma surrounding mental illness, which can make people feel ashamed or embarrassed about seeking help. However, experts say that seeking treatment for mental health is just as important as seeking treatment for physical health issues. There are many resources available for those struggling with mental illness, including therapy, medication, and support groups. It is important for anyone experiencing symptoms of depression, anxiety, or other mental health issues to seek help from a licensed healthcare professional. The Warren family has asked for privacy as they grieve their loss, but many have offered their love and support during this difficult time. The tragic loss of Matthew Warren has brought renewed attention to the importance of addressing the mental health crisis in our society and working to prevent further tragedies.