article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . A man accused of riding city buses looking for victims of sexual assault has been charged with raping an 18-year-old disabled woman in the back of a Los Angeles County transit bus last week. Prosecutors say 20-year-old Kerry Trotter pleaded not guilty on Wednesday to one count each of forcible rape and rape of an incompetent person, and two counts of sexual penetration by a foreign object. Authorities say Trotter and the woman boarded the bus at the same stop last Wednesday and he allegedly raped her in the back over a 10 minute period. Scroll down for video . Savage attack: Kerry Trotter, 20, has been charged with raping a mentally disabled woman on the back of a public transit bus last week . The woman, said to have the mental capacity of a 10-year-old, was described by the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department as too scared to cry out. 'The victim told our detective that she was shocked, and didn't know what to do, and was in fear of her safety and her life,' sheriff's Sgt. Dan Scott told the Los Angeles Times. Video surveillance only captured the back of the attacker's ahead covering her during the attack, according to police. 'I looked at the tape twice,' Metropolitan Transportation Authority official Mark Littman told CBS LA. 'It appears (no one knew until the victim herself told the bus driver.)' Vehicle of attack: Police say Trotter entered the bus, one pictured, at the same time of his victim before following her to the back and raping her over a 10-minute period . Unnoticed: Passengers and the bus driver failed to notice the attack with the victim, who has the mentality of a 10-year-old, later telling police she was too frightened to scream . Trotter was arrested hours after thanks to an anonymous tip by someone who saw an image taken from a surveillance camera. He was ordered to remain jailed in lieu of $285,000 bail. It's not immediately known if Trotter has retained an attorney. If convicted, Trotter faces more than 20 years in prison. Hiding plea: Trotter pleaded not guilty to one count each of forcible rape and rape of an incompetent person, and two counts of sexual penetration by a foreign object while standing outside this courtroom door . Trotter has a lengthy criminal record according to the district attorney's office, including previous allegations of sexual assault. He was on probation for grand theft at the time of his arrest. Speaking on his intent that day, the sheriff's department told the Los Angeles Times they believe he rode city buses looking for victims. Showbiz Roundup! K-Stew's sheer sexy jumpsuit & Ellen talks to Rihanna's 'HER'!!
highlights: Los Angeles Sheriff's department says Kerry Trotter, 20, rode buses looking for victims . Trotter pleaded not guilty to the attack of the woman said having the mental capacity of a 10-year-old . Trotter has a lengthy criminal record including previous . allegations of sexual assault .
id: 82086106236f76fbb68142266ba92edf1452190d
chatgpt: Kerry Trotter, a 20-year-old man, has been arrested and charged with attacking a woman who has the mental capacity of a 10-year-old. The Los Angeles Sheriff's Department has revealed that Trotter allegedly rode city buses looking for potential victims before selecting the victim, who was then sexually assaulted. Trotter has pleaded not guilty to the charges and is currently in custody awaiting his trial. According to court documents, Trotter has a criminal record that includes previous allegations of sexual assault. The authorities have expressed concern that Trotter may have attacked other victims in a similar manner. The victim, who has not been identified, is said to be in a stable condition and is currently receiving treatment. Her family members have expressed shock and disbelief at the attack and are calling for justice to be served. The case has sparked outrage in the local community, with many calling for tougher penalties for sexual offenders. In response, the authorities have emphasized the need for education and awareness to prevent such incidents from happening in the future. The Los Angeles Sheriff's Department has been praised for its swift response to the incident and for its commitment to bringing the perpetrator to justice. The department has called on anyone with information about other possible victims to come forward and help with the investigation. Trotter's case highlights the urgent need to address the issue of sexual assault and to take steps to reduce the risk of such crimes occurring. The authorities have emphasized that everyone has a role to play in preventing sexual assault and that it is essential to be vigilant and to report any suspicious behavior. As the investigation continues, the victim's family is hoping that justice will be served and that Trotter will be held accountable for his actions. They are calling for more support for victims of sexual assault and for greater awareness of the issue in the community. The case serves as a reminder of the need for greater vigilance and action to prevent sexual assault and to ensure that those who perpetrate such crimes are held accountable. The authorities are urging anyone who has information about the case or other similar incidents to come forward and assist with the investigation.