article: (CNN) -- Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych offered amnesty to the protesters detained after mass anti-government rallies in Kiev, the President's office said Friday. Yanukovych said authorities should "release the arrested people and even those who have already been convicted. We should put an end to this conflict." Ukrainian protesters, angry about the government's decision last month to spurn a free-trade agreement with the European Union in favor of closer economic ties with Moscow, have stood their ground in Kiev's Independence Square, or Maidan, paralyzing the center of the capital. On Thursday, the European Union's top diplomat said the Ukrainian President intends to sign a deal on closer EU ties after weeks of the mass protests. The Ukrainian President made a comment to the same effect: "We are not refusing and have not refused European integration," Yanukovych said. "We went and will go on the path of reform, which will bring us closer toward European criteria." The President criticized both protesters and police for their actions in the clashes. "I will say frankly: I am indignant at radical actions of provocateurs and law enforcement officials that were not always adequate," he said. "Different people stand for different positions, but they all are our compatriots and we must listen to them and take their point of view into account," he said. "There is a common desire to make our life better." Yanukovych spoke Friday at a round-table talk with three Ukrainian opposition leaders. Opposition leader and boxing world champion Vitaly Klitschko said Friday that his Ukrainian Democratic Alliance for Reform party will take part in the round-table talks and that he believes that the only way out of the political crisis is a complete reboot of power, namely early presidential and parliamentary elections. Ukraine is split between pro-European regions in the west and a more Russia-oriented east. Protesters have said an EU agreement would open borders to trade and set the stage for modernization and inclusion. They accuse Yanukovych of preparing to take the country into a Moscow-led customs union. Journalist Victoria Butenko and CNN's Nick Paton Walsh contributed to this report.
highlights: Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych says he is offering amnesty to jailed protesters . He also says he is moving toward closer ties with the European Union . Protesters were upset that he spurned an agreement with the EU .
id: d6ba8e3dedd3f17a310f0e86256afc4afbf26f84
chatgpt: KIEV, UKRAINE - In an astonishing move aimed at calming the months-long unrest in Ukraine, President Viktor Yanukovych has announced a plan to release jailed protesters and grant them amnesty. The announcement was made on Wednesday, in a dramatic attempt to ease tensions between the government and the protesters who have been calling for his resignation. The announcement came as a surprise to many, coming just hours after Yanukovych indicated that he was moving towards closer ties with the European Union. Up until now, the President had been at odds with the protesters who had taken to the streets to demonstrate against his decision to spurn a historic trade agreement with the EU in favor of closer ties with Russia. Speaking to reporters on Wednesday, Yanukovych said that he was offering amnesty to the protesters in the hope that it would create a path for dialogue with the opposition. Previously, the opposition has refused to engage in talks with Yanukovych, calling for his resignation and the formation of a transitional government. The President also announced that he was calling for a national dialogue on constitutional reforms that would increase the powers of the parliament and reduce those of the presidency. Yanukovych stated that these reforms would form the basis for a future agreement with the opposition and the protesters. The move was welcomed by some members of the opposition, who saw it as an opportunity to finally engage in meaningful negotiations with the government. Vitali Klitschko, leader of the opposition party UDAR, said that he was cautiously optimistic about the announcement, and urged the government to follow through on its promises. However, not everyone was convinced. Some protesters dismissed the announcement as a ploy to buy time and avoid making real concessions. Critics also pointed out that the amnesty only applied to protesters who had not committed "serious crimes," such as murder or terrorism, and that many of those who had been arrested had been subjected to brutal and degrading treatment. Despite these concerns, some observers noted that Yanukovych's announcement was a significant shift in his approach to the crisis, and that it could potentially pave the way for a peaceful resolution to the conflict. The coming weeks will reveal whether the President's overture proves to be enough to break the deadlock and bring Ukraine back from the brink of chaos.