article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 20:03 EST, 1 September 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 05:38 EST, 10 September 2013 . Books can transport readers with a good imagination to faraway lands simply through the power of language. But it seems some novels can transport their fans in reality, too. A survey found we are often persuaded to visit places across the world because they are the settings of our favourite novels. Breakfast at Tiffany’s by Truman Capote topped the list, inspiring readers to take a trip to New York. The book, published in 1958, features Manhattan society girl Holly Golightly, who was played by Audrey Hepburn in the 1961 movie. Big Apple: Breakfast at Tiffany's, which was made into the now iconic movie version in 1961, inspires Britons to travel to New York . In a poll, 37 per cent – all women – said the author had convinced them to visit the Big Apple. The survey by High Street discount store The Works found the second most popular book destination – and the top choice for men – was JRR Tolkien’s Lord Of The Rings. Some 15 per cent had travelled to New Zealand, where the movie was shot. Third in the list was Alex Garland’s The Beach, set in Thailand, followed by JK Rowling’s Harry Potter, which was partly filmed at Alnwick Castle in Northumberland. Other choices included Victor Hugo’s The Hunchback of Notre Dame in Paris and Louis de Bernieres’s Captain Corelli’s Mandolin, a vivid portrayal of the Greek island Kefalonia. Magic is real: JK Rowling¿s Harry Potter has inspired people to visit Alnwick Castle in Northumberland which served as set for Hogwarts . Kevin Keaney, chief executive of The Works, said: ‘It’s great to see that people are still reading and getting carried away to another world, both metaphorically and literally, it would appear, by fantastic and inspiring novels. ‘We love the fact reading is accessible enough for everyone to get involved in it as an activity and, if it inspires Brits to be more adventurous with their holiday choices, that’s no bad thing either.’ Holiday-maker Joanna Benson, 32, of Harrow, north west London, said: ‘I love Breakfast at Tiffany’s - both the book and the movie - and I went to New York when I was 20 to see the place for myself. ‘Books often inspire me to go off on a trip and I’ve been Kefalonia twice since reading Captain Corelli’s Mandolin.’
highlights: Popular novels inspire travelling to locations where they are set . Breakfast at Tiffany's, Hary Potter and The Beach all make us go .
id: a4428ad35b2c29d481f1ccd405ce2d9bc527f54e
chatgpt: If you are an avid reader, you may have experienced the desire to travel to the locations where your favorite books are set. Whether it's the charming cafes of Paris from “The Little Paris Bookshop” or the wizarding world of Harry Potter at Hogwarts, literature has the power to transport us to far-off lands and inspire us to see them for ourselves. This trend is not new, but it seems to have gained popularity in recent years, especially among young adults. Novels like “The Da Vinci Code” and “Eat, Pray, Love” have attracted travelers to the locations where events in the stories unfold, such as Paris or Bali. Publishers have even started to capitalise on this trend by releasing travel guides that highlight the exact locations where scenes from popular novels were set. One of the most well-known examples of this phenomenon is “Breakfast at Tiffany’s” by Truman Capote. Many readers and fans of Audrey Hepburn in the 1961 film adaptation dream of visiting New York City and visiting the iconic Tiffany & Co. store on Fifth Avenue, just like Holly Golightly. Another popular book that has inspired wanderlust is “The Beach” by Alex Garland. The story of backpackers searching for a utopian island in Thailand has inspired countless travelers to visit the country and explore its tropical beauty. However, after the release of its film adaptation starring Leonardo DiCaprio, the influx of tourists to the real-life location for the island in question led to its closure to the public. Of course, no literary-inspired travel list would be complete without mentioning J.K. Rowling’s “Harry Potter” series. The wizarding world of Hogwarts and its various magical locations have inspired fans to visit the UK and explore the filming locations, which include Alnwick Castle in Northumberland, York's Shambles and the city of Edinburgh where Rowling began writing the novels. However, one obstacle that travelers face is that some book settings are fictional or no longer exist, like the “shower tree” from “The Bridges of Madison County” or the “142 steps” from “The Name of the Rose”. Nevertheless, this does not stop die-hard fans from exploring the areas where the stories were imagined. Literature can take us on a journey through different cultures and provide a sense of familiarity when we reach our dream destinations. It even has the potential to cause positive impact on local tourism in a way that keeps the locations preserved for future travelers to enjoy. So the next time you pick up a favorite novel, consider taking a trip to its inspirational setting – you never know what adventures it may hold.