article: Liverpool striker Rickie Lambert cannot wait to get started at his new club after sealing a dream move to Anfield. The former Southampton striker is so eager to impress that he returned to Liverpool's Melwood training ground earlier than expected. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Rickie Lambert gives first interview as a Liverpool player . Dream move: Rickie Lambert joined boyhood club Liverpool before travelling to Brazil . Goalscorer: Lambert celebrates with Wayne Rooney after scoring in England's friendly against Ecuador . Back in action: Lambert returned to training earlier than scheduled in order to prepare for the new campaign . Liverpool's World Cup stars were handed an extended time off, however Lambert decided to start training with the rest of his new teammates just a few weeks after returning from the World Cup. 'It was always my intention to come back earlier, whether I was at Southampton or Liverpool - but obviously I am desperate to hit the ground running and do well for Liverpool. 'I thought it was massively important I come back early, and make sure I'm in the best shape possible for when the season kicks off, because that's what all this is for,' Lambert told the Liverpool Echo. Lambert is itching to get some minutes under his belt as he was handed just three minutes of action during his time in Brazil. However the 32-year-old will not be involved in Liverpool's pre-season fixture against Danish outfit Brondby on Wednesday evening as manager Brendan Rodgers has chosen to omit him from his squad. Jones, Agger, Coutinho, Lucas, Allen, Ilori, Borini, Suso, Ibe, Kelly, Coady, Skrtel, Flanagan, Adorjan, Smith, Phillips, Rossiter, Wisdom, Jones, Ward, Teixeira, Peterson, Stewart. Loan ranger: Fabio Borini has returned to Liverpool following his spell at Sunderland .
highlights: New Liverpool striker Rickie Lambert returned to training early . Lambert played just three minutes of England's 2014 World Cup campaign . Lambert sealed 'dream' move to Liverpool from Southampton in June .
id: b004590867222eeb37532bb29c98910c0d95d0db
chatgpt: Liverpool's new striker, Rickie Lambert, has returned to training early in a bid to impress his new manager, Brendan Rodgers. The 32-year-old, signed from Southampton in June, has a lot to prove to his new club and is keen to hit the ground running in his first season at Anfield. Lambert's first few months of 2014 were a mixture of highs and lows. He earned a place in England's World Cup squad and even managed to score with his first touch in international football against Scotland. However, despite his impressive performances in the build-up to the tournament, he only played three minutes in Brazil as England flopped. Despite the disappointment of the World Cup and Southampton's exit from the Europa League at the hands of FC Midtjylland, Lambert was overjoyed to have signed for Liverpool, the club he supported as a boy. "It's hard to explain really," he said. "I've loved this club all my life. I can't believe I'm here."  Lambert's dream move to Liverpool will see him team up with fellow strikers Daniel Sturridge and Luis Suarez, if the Uruguayan stays at the club. The striker, who scored 13 goals in the Premier League last season, is expected to add depth to the Liverpool squad and provide competition for Sturridge and Suarez. The Reds will be looking to build on their impressive second-place finish last season and Lambert will be hoping to play a key role in achieving that goal. He has already shown his dedication to the cause by returning to training early and putting in extra work on the training ground. Liverpool fans will be hoping that Lambert can replicate the form that earned him a call-up to the England squad last season and help Liverpool go one step further in the Premier League. If he can hit the ground running and make an impact early on, he could become a key player for his new club.