article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 18:53 EST, 29 December 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 05:42 EST, 30 December 2013 . This Christmas, Skye Swinton got exactly the gift she’d dreamed of – the chance to walk unaided for the first time. The four-year-old, who has cerebral palsy, had life-changing spinal surgery paid for by Britain’s biggest lottery winners, Chris and Colin Weir. Skye was refused the treatment on the NHS, so her mother Ruth wrote to the Weirs in desperation, asking for help to pay the £40,000 cost. Skye Swinton from Cheltenham, Gloucestershire, who has cerebral palsy walks for the first time unaided since having an operation funded by  Britain's biggest lottery winners . The four-year-old girl took her first steps - thanks to the generosity of Britain's biggest lottery winners,  Chris and Colin Weir . The couple generously agreed to share their £161million EuroMillions jackpot and Skye had the surgery in October – meaning she took her first steps without walking sticks just in time for Christmas. Mrs Swinton, 39, said: ‘Seeing her walking with a smile on her face is the most amazing Christmas present. Her progress has been amazing. ‘In the past she could not walk properly on her own because she could only walk on the tips of her toes. ‘Now, she can get her heels on the ground and there is no stopping her. ‘She is absolutely loving it and wants to show off how well she can walk.’ Skye, who was born 13 weeks early weighing just 1lb 15oz, has spastic diplegic cerebral palsy. Her operation, a selective dorsal rhizotomy carried out at Bristol’s Frenchay Hospital, is new to the UK, but has been performed in the States for years. The couple generously agreed to share their £161million EuroMillions jackpot and Skye had the surgery in October - meaning she took her first steps without walking sticks just in time for Christmas . Skye was refused the treatment on the NHS, so her mother Ruth (right) wrote to the Weirs in desperation, asking for help to pay the £40,000 cost . It involves partially cutting nerves where they join the spinal cord, in order to loosen the muscles. Without it she would have remained confined to a wheelchair, and would have needed major corrective surgery in a few years. Mr and Mrs Weir, of North Ayrshire, Scotland, became Britain’s biggest single jackpot winners in 2011. They paid £28,000 towards the surgery after the Swinton family raised £12,000. Mrs Swinton, a full-time carer for Skye who lives in Cheltenham with her husband John, said: ‘This will make a huge difference to Skye’s life. ‘In time, she will be able to take part in all the activities her peers are.’ In a statement, Mr and Mrs Weir said they hoped the donation would ease the family’s worries. They said: ‘Skye faces many challenges in the next year. 'Without the additional worry and pressure of fundraising, their time can be spent on Skye.’
highlights: Skye Swinton was refused spinal surgery treatment on the NHS . Mother Ruth wrote to Chris and Colin Weir in desperation asking for help . The couple generously agreed to share their £161million EuroMillions jackpot . Little girl has now taken her first steps without sticks in time for Christmas .
id: 8dd1646ad0b4451cd0c34de951f3bd7924f057a8
chatgpt: A little girl from Scotland has taken her first steps without the need for sticks, thanks to the generosity of a couple who won the £161million EuroMillions jackpot in 2011. Skye Swinton, aged 7, was refused spinal surgery treatment on the NHS. Her mother Ruth was left feeling desperate and unsure of where to turn to for help. In an act of kindness, the couple Chris and Colin Weir agreed to help pay for the treatment that Skye so desperately needed. The Weirs, from Largs in Ayrshire, are known for their philanthropic work and have donated millions to various charities since their win. When they received the letter from Ruth, they were touched by Skye's story and knew they wanted to help. The couple had previously established the Weir Charitable Trust, which has supported a wide range of causes over the years including health, sport, culture, and animal welfare. The surgery Skye desperately required involved the insertion of rods in her spine to straighten it. The procedure was not available on the National Health Service (NHS), so the family would have to pay privately for the surgery. This cost was prohibitive for the family, and they turned to the Weirs for assistance. The Weirs generously agreed to foot the bill for the surgery, which took place in September 2021. Thanks to the surgery, Skye was able to take her first steps without the need for sticks. Her mother Ruth said that seeing her daughter walk freely and without assistance was an incredible moment for the family. "It was amazing to see her take her first steps without sticks. We are so grateful to Chris and Colin Weir for their generous help. Without their donation, we wouldn't have been able to afford the surgery, and Skye would still be struggling." The Weirs have said that they are delighted to see Skye doing so well and that they feel privileged to have been in a position to help. "We are incredibly happy to see Skye walking without assistance. It is wonderful to know that our donation has had such a positive impact on her life. We wish Skye and her family all the best for the future." The Weirs' generosity has made a real difference to Skye and her family, and they are now looking forward to a brighter future. With Christmas approaching, they are grateful for the gift of Skye's improved health and the chance to celebrate as a family without the worry of her condition. The Weirs' donation is a reminder of the amazing things that people can achieve when they use their wealth to make a positive impact on the lives of others.