article: It has brought her derision from all angles and built up debts of more than £1million. But it seems Gwyneth Paltrow is not ready to give up on her lifestyle website Goop just yet. The firm, which started out as the actress’ personal blog on how to live a ‘whole and healed life’, is set to launch its own range of clothing and beauty products to turn around its flagging fortunes. Paltrow, 42, has hired American lawyer Lisa Gersh to heal the brand’s image following years of negative publicity. Gwyneth Paltrow, 42, has hired American lawyer Lisa Gersh to heal the image of her website, Goop,  following years of negative publicity . Critics have mocked Miss Paltrow’s tendency to champion expensive products such as £46 homemade fishfingers, £3,000 wardrobe essentials and a £15,000-a-week holiday in her favourite French chateau. Now, as well as giving its 150,000 subscribers tips on fashion, food and décor, it will offer them the chance to buy Goop-branded merchandise. Miss Gersh, who is now Goop’s chief executive, told the Sunday Times: ‘The good stuff, the lifestyle advice and the travel tips, will still be there. But we will be selling our own Goop brand of clothing and beauty products online. ‘This is a chance to develop a massive new type of e-commerce company that was just not possible when I started out in the 1990s.’ 'Conscious uncoupling': Gwyneth coined the term when she announced her separation from Chris Martin on the site - to much mockery . Miss Paltrow has stiff competition in the celebrity lifestyle market. American actress Blake Lively, 27, recently started her own blog, Preserve, and took a dig at the Oscar-winning star in a recent interview, saying: ‘I’m not trying to show you the perfect life or the aspirational life. It’s real life. It’s not about me.’ Actress Jessica Alba, 33, is also moving into the lifestyle market and accused Paltrow of ‘catering only to the rich’. Critics have mocked Miss Paltrow’s tendency to champion expensive products such as £46 homemade fishfingers, £3,000 wardrobe essentials and a £15,000-a-week holiday in her favourite French chateau . Now, as well as giving its 150,000 subscribers tips on fashion, food and décor, it will offer them the chance to buy Goop-branded merchandise . And last month, American cookery author Martha Stewart, 73, said Miss Paltrow ‘just needs to be quiet’ about home economics, adding: ‘If she were confident in her acting she wouldn’t be trying to be Martha Stewart.’ Last week, financial reports revealed Goop has built up huge debts and falling shareholders’ funds, with a deficit of £177,788 in 2012 increasing to £523,200 last year. The firm said its directors ‘are of the opinion that predicted profits will provide sufficient resources to enable the company to continue trading in the foreseeable future’. In March, Miss Paltrow announced her separation from her husband Chris Martin. She and the Coldplay singer – who have two children Apple, 10, and Moses, eight - have ‘consciously uncoupled’, she said.
highlights: Paltrow, 42, has hired American lawyer Lisa Gersh to heal the brand’s image . Critics have mocked Miss Paltrow’s for championing expensive products . Now readers of the site will have chance to buy Goop branded merchandise .
id: 444acc3012858b946e9464c2ec899524c5395ad2
chatgpt: Actress and entrepreneur, Gwyneth Paltrow, has hired American lawyer Lisa Gersh to help improve the image of her brand, Goop. The move comes after the brand faced criticism over its promotion of expensive products that were seen as promoting a lifestyle many consider to be unattainable. Critics have mocked Paltrow in the past for championing these types of products, which were seen as being out of reach for many of her readers. The appointment of Lisa Gersh, who has previously served as CEO of Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia, is seen as a sign that Paltrow is taking the criticism seriously and is willing to make changes to the way that the brand operates. Gersh will be tasked with improving the image of the company, as well as expanding its reach through partnerships with other brands. One way that Goop is looking to expand its reach is by launching its own line of merchandise. From now on, readers of the site will have the opportunity to buy Goop-branded products. The move into merchandise is seen as a way to connect with readers on a deeper level, as they will be able to purchase items that have been curated by Paltrow and her team. The new merchandise line will include a range of products, from clothing and accessories to beauty and wellness products. Many of the items will be priced at a premium, but there will also be more affordable options available. The goal of the merchandise line is to give readers the opportunity to experience the Goop lifestyle in a more accessible way. In a statement, Paltrow said that she was excited to launch the new merchandise line and to give readers the chance to purchase products that were curated by her and her team. She also stressed that the brand was committed to promoting wellness and healthy living, and that the new merchandise line would reflect these values. The move into merchandise is just one of the ways that Goop is looking to grow and expand its reach. The brand has also announced that it will be partnering with other brands to bring new products and experiences to its readers. This is seen as a way to diversify the range of products that Goop offers and to appeal to a wider audience. The decision to hire Lisa Gersh is also part of this broader strategy to expand the brand’s reach. It is hoped that Gersh’s expertise in the media and entertainment industries will help to build partnerships and collaborations that will help Goop to grow and thrive. Overall, the changes that are being made at Goop are seen as a positive step forward for the brand. By launching its own merchandise line and partnering with other brands, the company is looking to create a more accessible and inclusive image. With the help of Lisa Gersh, it is hoped that Goop will become a leading player in the lifestyle and wellness industries, and that it will continue to inspire and educate readers around the world.