article: By . Daily Mail Reporter and Associated Press Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 17:08 EST, 20 June 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 17:13 EST, 20 June 2013 . A pit bull rehabilitated after being used as a top fighter in the dog-fighting ring bankrolled by quarterback Michael Vick has died. Officials at the Best Friends Animal Society say Lucas was euthanized Wednesday because of accumulating health problems. Nearly two dozen of the Vick dogs were rehabilitated at Best Friends in Kanab, Utah. Lucas was one of two not allowed to be adopted because of his history as a fighter. Pit bull Lucas, once one of Michael Vick's best fighting dogs has been euthanized after accumulating health problems . Lucas, who bears scars from fighting, was described as 'a blessing to be around' by staff at the sanctuary where he lived . So, he spent most of his time lounging in the administrative offices at Best Friends, where he was widely known as one of the friendliest dogs at the sanctuary. Gregory Castle, the CEO at Best Friends, says it was 'a blessing in every way to be around him and to witness the wonderful effects on everyone he met.' In April 2007, Vick then of the Atlanta Falcons was implicated in an illegal interstate dog fighting ring that had operated for five years. He pleaded guilty to federal felony charges and served 21 months in prison. According . to court papers in the cases of Vick and his co-defendants, Vick . bankrolled the Bad Newz (sic) Kennels operation and joined others in killing dogs that didn't . perform well. Since his release from prison in 2009, Vick has sought to rehabilitate his reputation both on and off the field . Threats: Michael Vick's book-signing tour has been canceled in March because of threats against him for running a dog-fighting ring . Vick was signed by the Philadelphia Eagles in 2009 after missing two . seasons while in federal prison. The four-time . Pro Bowl quarterback has revived his career and rehabilitated his image without the protests and . anger that followed immediately following his release from prison. Since . his release from prison in 2009, Vick has worked with The Humane . Society of the United States to speak out against animal cruelty. He had . made appearances at schools and spoken to students about the dangers of . being involved in dogfighting. However there will always be staunch animal lovers who will never forgive . Vick's role in running the dog-fighting ring. In March he had to cancel a book-signing tour in support of his autobiography 'Finally Free' because of  'credible threats' made against him. 'Despite warnings of planned . protests, Vick had hoped to continue with the appearances as planned, . bringing his story of redemption and second chance to major markets,' Worthy Publishing, the Christian publisher releasing his book, said in a . statement. 'However, once the reported protests . escalated into threats of violence against the retailers, Worthy . Publishing, Vick and his family, decided to cancel the events.'
highlights: Lucas was one of nearly two dozen dogs saved from the Bad Newz Kennels dog fighting operation that Vick bankrolled . The dog was not allowed to be adopted because of history as a fighter . He was euthanized due to growing health problems . Since leaving prison in 2009, Vick has sought to rehabilitate his career and speak out against animal cruelty .
id: e1903a1f5c4391f9c3226b5dacda1d2bbca7a319
chatgpt: Lucas, a Pitbull terrier, was one of nearly two dozen dogs that were rescued from the Bad Newz Kennels dog fighting operation back in 2007. This operation was bankrolled by former NFL quarterback Michael Vick, who was then sentenced to 23 months in prison after admitting to his role in the brutal enterprise. Despite being rescued and brought to safety, Lucas was not allowed to be adopted by a family due to his history as a fighter. Instead, he was placed in the care of an animal welfare organization that provided him with the necessary medical attention and rehabilitation. However, over the years, Lucas' health began to deteriorate, and he was eventually euthanized due to growing health problems. The sad fate of Lucas is a reminder of the terrible impact that dogfighting can have on these animals' lives. For many of the dogs involved in the Bad Newz Kennels operation, their fate was just as grim as Lucas'. The dogs were forced to fight against each other in brutal and bloody matches, often resulting in severe injury or death. Those that were deemed unfit for fighting were often killed through electrocution, drowning, or hanging. Despite the tragic outcome for Lucas and many other dogs, former NFL quarterback Michael Vick has sought to rehabilitate his career and speak out against animal cruelty since leaving prison in 2009. He has worked with the Humane Society of the United States and other organizations to raise awareness about the treatment of animals and the dangers of dogfighting. Vick has admitted to his role in the Bad Newz Kennels operation and has expressed his deep regret for what he did. "I have made some terrible mistakes in my life, and I have paid dearly for them," he said in a statement. "But I am committed to making things right and working to prevent others from making the same mistakes I did." While some animal welfare advocates have criticized Vick for not doing enough to make amends for his actions, others have recognized his efforts to raise awareness and promote animal welfare. The Humane Society of the United States, which initially criticized Vick for his involvement in dogfighting, has since worked closely with him on advocacy efforts. The sad story of Lucas serves as a reminder of the terrible impact that animal cruelty can have on animals' lives. But it also shows that even in the face of such cruelty and neglect, there are people like Vick who are committed to making things right and working towards a better future for these animals.