article: Emma Jean Hardy, 57, faces 20 years in prison . By . Daily Mail Reporter . UPDATED: . 03:50 EST, 11 January 2012 . A high school administrator was facing up to 20 years in jail after being reportedly found engaged in a sex act with a 17-year-old boy. Emma Jean Hardy, 57,  posted $75,000 bail and was released from jail after being arrested along with the pupil on Sunday evening. Hardy works as a registrar at the Memorial High School in Port Arthur, Texas. Tryst: Emma Jean Hardy, 57, has been charged with having an improper relationship with a 17-year-old boy who attends the school she works at in Port Arthur, Texas . She was released from the Jefferson County Correctional Facility around 6:30 pm last night. Although Hardy is not a teacher, according to state law no employee involved in education is allowed to have a sexual relationship with a student. The charge is a second-degree felony which means if convicted, Hardy  could face up to 20 years in prison and will have to register as a sex offender. The 17-year-old, who has not been identified, was charged with a lewd conduct misdemeanor. Meeting place: Hardy works as an administrator at the school the unidentified 17-year-old boy attends . According to police, the pair were found while involved in a sex act in a car near the pier in downtown Port Arthur at 8pm. Deputy Superintendent for Memorial High Mark Porterie told beaumontenterprise.com that school authorities were investigating but at present, they had no further comment. It was unclear whether Hardy would be able to keep her job at the school which involves maintaining student records and enrollment in classes. Public place: Police were alerted after they saw a suspicious vehicle by the sea wall in Port Arthur and discovered the couple inside performing a sex act .
highlights: Emma Jean Hardy, 57, faces 20 years in prison .
id: 2426d4bf9ea5ee1f0e4f57a7c13b8b60e4444697
chatgpt: Emma Jean Hardy, a 57-year-old woman from Ohio, is facing up to 20 years in prison after being convicted of several serious crimes. Hardy was found guilty of committing wire fraud, bank fraud, and making false statements on loan applications in connection to a scheme to defraud multiple victims out of thousands of dollars. According to court documents, Hardy and several co-conspirators set up a bogus business in order to obtain loans from multiple banks. They provided false information on loan applications and forged signatures on checks, resulting in over $200,000 in losses for the financial institutions. In addition to the bank fraud, Hardy was also found guilty of committing wire fraud. She and her co-conspirators ran a scam that involved convincing victims to wire money to them for the purpose of investing in a nonexistent company. The scheme resulted in more than $100,000 in losses for the victims. At trial, Hardy maintained her innocence, but the evidence presented by prosecutors proved too overwhelming for the jury to ignore. Hardy now faces a maximum of 20 years in prison for her crimes. “This case is a reminder that those who engage in financial fraud and deception will be held accountable for their actions,” said FBI Special Agent in Charge Eric Smith. Smith added that the FBI is committed to investigating and prosecuting financial crimes, and urged anyone who suspects fraudulent activity to report it to authorities. Hardy's sentencing is scheduled for next month. She remains in custody pending her sentencing hearing. The case serves as a cautionary tale for anyone thinking of engaging in financial fraud. The consequences can be severe, and the FBI will not hesitate to prosecute those who break the law.