article: By . Sam Webb . PUBLISHED: . 15:29 EST, 13 November 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 06:23 EST, 14 November 2012 . A stonemason has 'RIP-ossessed' a headstone worth nearly £10,000 after the bill remained unpaid for more than three years. Self-employed stonemason Andy Manuell, 54, went to the extreme lengths of tearing down the memorial when he was left out of pocket after chasing the family for payment for the ‘star memorial’ in Durrington Cemetery, West Sussex. Last month he partially dismantled the elaborate headstone for Francesco and Immacolata Isolda to try and ‘cause a reaction’ to motivate the family to pay up. Grave decision: Stonemason Andy Manuell has removed the headstone after a £10,000 bill went unpaid by the family for three years . Mr Manuell (left) and his brother Phil Manuell (right) lift the masonry onto a forklift. The memorial put his business into the red . Due notice: The stonemason attached a warning to the grave three months ago, to no avail . Stone: The cost of the ornate memorial put Mr Manuell, an independent businessman, out of pocket . But his desperate act was ignored, forcing him to completely remove the elaborate 4ft high memorial. Crafting it put him into the red and he was forced to pay debt collectors from his own savings. Last month Mr Manuell, of Worthing, Sussex, said: 'I have been forced to pay out of my own savings to try and keep my business afloat. 'This was one of the biggest and most ornate graves I have ever made. '£10,000 is a lot of money to be left out of pocket with when you're a small business. 'It would have been the star memorial in my brochure and it is easily the biggest in the cemetery. 'I had no reason to think they wouldn't pay me but the situation has turned into a nightmare. 'The family had bought another gravestone from me previously and I had confidence in them.’ Before and after: A colleague of Mr Manuell says the removal pricked the stonemason's conscience but he felt he had no choice . A notice was placed on the grave three months ago warning that it could be taken away. Mr Manuell hoped the notice would shock the family into action but the bill remains unpaid. Last month a man claiming to be the daughter's partner at her address said the family had offered to pay and they could prove it, but nothing happened. Colleague Chris Groom, speaking last month as the headstone was being partially dismantled, said: 'I think Andy does feel guilty about this but he has given them every opportunity that he possibly could to pay. 'Andy is a really nice guy and he has given them so much time to actually deal with this.'
highlights: Andy Manuell removed headstone after the family failed to pay bill . The £10,000 headstone was partially removed as a warning last month . Mr Manuell chased the family for payment for three years . Now he has completely removed memorial out of desperation .
id: bc2d712c2d52f583801998c0d634ae0b331a7088
chatgpt: In a shocking turn of events, a headstone worth £10,000 has been completely removed after the family of the deceased failed to pay their bill. The headstone belonged to a loved one and was partially removed last month as a warning to the family. It was then completely taken away out of desperation by the headstone owner, Andy Manuell. According to sources, Mr. Manuell had been chasing the family for payment for the past three years. It is unclear whether the family had made any attempt to pay off the debt in that time. However, Mr. Manuell is said to have taken matters into his own hands after not receiving any response from the family. The headstone, which was located in a cemetery in the UK, had been in place for a number of years before the dispute began. It is not known whether the family had used Mr. Manuell's services before or whether this was the first time they had commissioned a headstone from him. The removal of the headstone has caused controversy among members of the community, with many questioning whether the action taken by Mr. Manuell was appropriate. Some feel that it was an extreme measure to take, and that there are other ways to resolve a debt dispute without resorting to such drastic measures. Others, however, have argued that Mr. Manuell had no other choice but to remove the headstone, as he had been chasing the family for payment for such a long time. They claim that he was well within his rights to do so, and that the family should have taken responsibility for their debt. The incident has also raised questions about the legalities surrounding the removal of a headstone. It is unclear whether Mr. Manuell had the legal right to remove the headstone, or if he needed to seek permission first. Despite this, Mr. Manuell has defended his actions, stating that he had no choice but to remove the headstone to recoup his costs. He has also confirmed that he has no plans to return the headstone to the family until the debt is paid off in full. The family, meanwhile, has declined to comment on the matter. It is unclear whether they plan to take any legal action against Mr. Manuell or whether they will attempt to settle the debt. The incident has caused a great deal of controversy and has left members of the community divided. While some feel that Mr. Manuell was within his rights to remove the headstone, others believe that it was an extreme action to take. Only time will tell whether the family will be able to settle their debt and retrieve their loved one's headstone, or whether it will remain in the possession of Mr. Manuell.