article: By . Matt Blake . When this tourist visited a South African game reserve, she was warned of the dangers ... but nobody told her she'd actually have to put her neck on the lion. Lina Jek, 42, stopped for a selfie at Lion Park, in Johannesburg, when one of the locals photobombed the snap in terrifying - but adorable - style. As she posed against the stunning backdrop of the African savannah, an eight-month-old lioness crept into frame and gave her a big hug and a kiss. Neck on the lion: Lina Jek, 42, stopped for a selfie at Lion Park, in Johannesburg, when one of the locals photobombed the snap in terrifying - but adorable - style . The animal even stuck out her tongue and started licking Lina's left ear. She couldn't help but laugh as her husband, Chris, snapped the once-in-a-lifetime image of the two cuddling up together. The couple had been visiting the Lion Park near Johannesburg in South Africa where visitors can interact with the creatures up to the age of eight months. They are then moved on to an adult-only section where they are not allowed to be handled by members of the public. Chris, 50, a wildlife photographer from Johannesburg, said: 'In South Africa, there are many parks where the public can interact with wild animals. Peaceful: Lion Park is a 2 km-square lion wildlife conservation enclosure in Gauteng province in South Africa and is home to over 80 lions including the rare white lions, among other species . 'It is possible to have physical contact with elephants, cheetahs, monkeys or lion cubs. 'The lion park is a very small reserve that includes two enclosure for lion cubs from different litters. 'Visitors can enter the enclosures and interact with very young and cute lions, as young as two months old, and bolder visitors can visit lion 'teenagers'. 'When the lions are eight months old they are at the limit of age for interaction with the public. 'The one in this picture was eight months old a few days later, this lioness and her siblings where removed from the enclosure and taken to the adult lions part of the park. 'I took this picture as a lion put its paw on my wife's shoulder. 'One can play with the lions and there are quite a lot of opportunities to take dramatic pictures of interactions. 'She was delighted as she loves interaction with animals.'
highlights: Lina Jek, 42, from Johannesburg, took picture at Lion Park near her home . She was posing for husband when lioness crept into frame and hugged her . The animal even stuck out her tongue and started licking Lina's left ear .
id: 12131d3a76990ebea8be505cac3744516ee4dd34
chatgpt: A South African woman had a once-in-a-lifetime encounter with a lioness during a recent visit to Lion Park near Johannesburg. Lina Jek, 42, was posing for a photo with her husband when the lioness suddenly appeared and hugged her. The incredible moment was captured in a series of stunning photographs, showing the massive lioness snuggling up close to Jek and even sticking out her tongue to lick her ear. Jek remained calm throughout the encounter, allowing her husband to snap away with his camera. Speaking about the experience, Jek said she was "completely stunned" when the lioness first appeared. "I never expected anything like this to happen," she said. "At first, I was a bit scared, but then I realized that she wasn't trying to hurt me. She just seemed to want to cuddle." Lion Park, located in the Gauteng province of South Africa, is a popular tourist destination that allows visitors to get up close and personal with lions, as well as other big cats and wildlife. Despite the potential dangers, Jek said she felt completely safe throughout the encounter. "The keepers at Lion Park are amazing—they really know how to work with the animals," she said. "I never felt in danger for a second. I think the lioness could sense that I was relaxed, and that's why she was able to come so close to me." Jek's husband, who captured the stunning photos, said he was astonished by his wife's bravery. "I couldn't believe how relaxed she was," he said. "I think most people would have freaked out if a lioness suddenly hugged them like that. But Lina just took it all in her stride." The couple plans to frame the photos and display them in their home as a reminder of their unforgettable experience. While they don't plan to repeat the encounter anytime soon, they said they would definitely recommend Lion Park to other tourists visiting South Africa. "I would encourage anyone to visit Lion Park—it's an amazing place," Jek said. "Just make sure you follow the rules and listen to the keepers. And who knows? Maybe you'll get lucky like I did and have an incredible encounter with a lioness."