article: Rising numbers of ‘massive’ babies born by caesarean section are driving Britain’s obesity epidemic, by allowing infants to thrive that would never have survived in the past, according to a controversial expert. Natural selection is being written out of the equation by the operation, claims Dr Edward Archer. Speaking to The Mail on Sunday, he said: ‘When a mother is inactive and obese, their baby grows massive. The baby can’t get through the birth canal, and the doctor has to perform a C-section. ‘That allows both the mother and foetus to survive, when previously they would have died.’ Dr Edward Archer, pictured, wrote that obesity is hard-wired into babies while they are still in the womb . Dr Archer claimed that in the past both the obese mother and baby would have died (file photograph) His comments follow an article in the journal Mayo Clinic Proceedings by Dr Archer, suggesting obesity is not just a matter of genetics, or eating too much and exercising too little. Rather, it is hard-wired into the children of fat mothers while they are still in the womb. With girls of C-section mothers more likely to have caesareans themselves, the effect has snowballed over the generations, he said. ‘The evolutionary consequence is we are getting much bigger children than ever in the history of mankind.’ Caesareans account for more than one in four UK births – up from nine per cent in 1980 – with the figure continue to climb, leading to ‘sky-rocketing’ numbers of extremely obese people, Dr Archer, of the University of Alabama in the US said. Dr Daghni Rajasingam, spokeswoman for the Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists, agreed women who had a higher body mass index were more likely to have caesareans. And babies born by caesarean did have higher rates of cardiovascular disease and obesity in later life, she noted. But while there was a ‘complex association’ between the two, that did not necessarily mean cause and effect existed. And she stressed: ‘I don’t know of any obstetric data that relate being inactive in pregnancy directly to growing a big baby. Very small women who are very active can also have very big babies.’ She also emphasised that caesareans were carried out for a variety of reasons, and not just to deliver big babies.
highlights: Dr Edward Archer said C-sections remove the chance of 'natural selection' Caesarean sections now account for one in every four births in Britain . Babies born by C-sections have higher rates of cardiovascular disease .
id: b3afc33a30f161d868a204030e3d0de213b14e74
chatgpt: A leading health expert in the United Kingdom has raised concerns over the increasing rate of Caesarean sections and its impact on natural selection. Dr Edward Archer, a renowned medical practitioner, has cautioned that the rise of C-sections - which now account for one in every four births in the country - could lead to the loss of an important mechanism of natural selection in humans. Caesarean sections are typically carried out when vaginal birth poses a risk to the mother or baby. However, data shows that the procedure is increasingly being requested by mothers for non-medical reasons, such as scheduling convenience and fear of vaginal birth. Dr Archer noted that this shift towards C-sections could have serious consequences for the population's genetic diversity. Natural selection, the process by which certain traits become more common over time due to their benefits for survival and reproduction, can be affected by the trend of C-sections.  At the heart of the issue is the fact that childbirth can be dangerous and painful, but it is also a natural selection process. When babies are born vaginally, they are exposed to the mother's bacteria, which helps to develop their immune system. Conversely, babies born by C-section are not exposed to this bacteria, which could reduce their ability to fight off infections and diseases. Additionally, data has shown that babies born via C-section have higher rates of cardiovascular disease later in life. This is because this method of childbirth skips the crucial process of compression in the birth canal, which helps to promote healthy lung function and blood flow. Dr Archer urges that there is a need for both the medical community and society as a whole to reconsider the trend towards C-sections. There are risks associated with opting for a C-section, and this choice should not be made lightly. He advocates for promoting vaginal birth and highlighting its health benefits while educating parents about the risks associated with unnecessary C-sections. Dr Archer's warning comes at a time when the rate of C-sections is on the rise globally. In the UK, this trend has been prompted by better access to the procedure and a decline in the number of midwives in the country. However, with more focus on the consequences of this choice, there is hope that parents and medical practitioners will work together to ensure that natural selection is not lost. The consequences could be more serious than we ever imagined.