article: By . Steve Nolan . PUBLISHED: . 23:22 EST, 10 September 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 23:22 EST, 10 September 2013 . The education system is segregating rich and poor children and stopping them from mixing, a new survey has claimed. Researchers found that two thirds of those surveyed believe that the structure of private and state schools is the cause of social divisions. Almost the same number of those questioned also felt that a private education gives children from wealthier backgrounds an 'unfair advantage', according to the study of more than 2,000 people by the Challenge Network. 'Social apartheid': A survey has found that many people believe that the UK education system is breeding divisions between rich and poor students . Head start: The survey also found that many people believe that private school education gives children from wealthier backgrounds an unfair advantage (file picture) The survey's claims were backed up by one of the UK's leader headmaster's who warned that educational differences were creating a 'social apartheid'. Anthony Seldon, master of Wellington College, a private school for 13 to 18-year-olds, said: 'The current school system in the UK does effectively nothing to diminish segregation in our society. 'The limited mixing and interaction between those that attend private and state schools helps fuel a social apartheid that has gone unaddressed for too long. 'We have a responsibility to future generations to bridge our two-tier education system and work towards ending our class division to mutual benefit. Speaking out: Head of Wellington College in Berkshire, Anthony Seldon, said that the education system is contributing to a 'social apartheid' 'A healthy nation is one where each child, regardless of background, can see their potential fulfilled, and their gifts fully embraced and rewarded by society.' The survey found that more than half said that one of the reasons that parents choose to educate their children privately is to separate their youngsters from poorer children. And more than 70 per cent said they thought private school pupils would benefit from mixing with people from other schools. Less than half felt that private education made a positive contribution to the UK economy, with more than a third claiming that private schools stand in the way of social mobility. Craig Morley, chief executive and co-founder of the Challenge Network, said: 'The relationships people form in their school years have a defining impact on their lives. 'The lack of interaction between pupils from private and state schools is leading to worryingly high levels of segregation. 'It is crucial that young people are given opportunities to spend time and share experiences with people that are different to themselves. 'These experiences help young people to develop skills that are vital to securing employment, as well as improving social mobility and breaking down the artificial barriers that lead to divided communities.'
highlights: A survey found that many believe private and state school structure is causing division . Many also felt that private school education gives wealthier pupils unfair advantage . Private headmaster Anthony Seldon said that too many schools are split along class lines .
id: 92436e7db932629685ec916129011c23a04e7a83
chatgpt: According to a recent survey, many believe that the divide between private and state schools is causing division in society. The survey, which was conducted by a leading education charity, found that a significant number of people feel that private school education is giving wealthier pupils an unfair advantage. The results of the survey come at a time when the UK education system is under increasing scrutiny. Many are calling for radical changes to be made to the way in which schools are structured and funded, in order to ensure that all children have an equal chance of success. One of the biggest concerns raised by the survey was the belief that private schools are contributing to a widening wealth gap. Respondents felt that the cost of private education is simply too high for the majority of families, and that this is leading to greater levels of inequality in society. Private school headmaster Anthony Seldon expressed his concerns about the current state of the education system in the UK, stating that too many schools are divided along class lines. Seldon, who is the head of a leading independent school, believes that it is essential for schools to work together to promote social cohesion and understanding. Seldon believes that one potential solution to the problem could be a wider programme of integration between private and state schools. He believes that there is much that private schools can learn from their state counterparts, and that the two sectors could work together to create a more cohesive and effective education system. However, critics of this approach argue that the divide between private and state schools is simply too great to be bridged. They argue that private schools are inherently elitist, and that their pupils will always have an unfair advantage over their state-educated counterparts. Despite these concerns, many are calling for a fresh approach to be taken to the education system in the UK. This could involve greater investment in state schools, as well as a more progressive system of taxation to ensure that private schools contribute more to society as a whole. The debate around the UK education system is likely to continue for some time to come. However, it is clear that there is a growing recognition of the need for radical changes to be made, in order to ensure that all children have an equal opportunity to succeed.