article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 09:52 EST, 10 May 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 01:47 EST, 11 May 2012 . The 'hero' is a grinning maniac behind the wheel of a supercar - and 'winning' means killing as many pedestrians as possible - but ultra-controversial videogame Carmageddon might be unleashed on another generation of teenagers. A Kickstarter 'crowd sourced' funding page has launched, seeking funds for a sequel to the game, which was the first game ever to be refused a certificate by the BBFC in 1997. The game sparked huge controversy in the UK, with vehicles reducing pedestrians to gory slush, and players awarded points for killing as many as possible. At the time, now-defunct game maker SCi said, 'It is violence that sells.' The original Carmageddon was the first game ever to be refused a certificate by the BBFC - but went on to sell two million copies . Pedestrians meet a grisly end in the game, billed as 'the nastiest ever' The game focused on causing car crashes - and gamers could score bonus points for running over pedestrians . An increasing number of games are now funded via the 'crowd sourced' Kickstarter websites, where fans of games or films can pledge money to have a sequel made. The Carmageddon project has already secured $160,000 in funding. 'Max Damage is back,' says the new maker - referring to the game's psychotic anti-hero. The original game deliberately courted controversy with 'bonuses' including one entitled 'Drugs', which turned the screen psychedelic colours. 'Carmageddon: Reincarnation is going to reintroduce the gaming world to the original freeform driving sensation, where pedestrians (and cows) equal points and your opponents are a bunch of crazies in a twisted mix of automotive killing machines. It’s the racing game where racing is for wimps.' Despite the controversy, the game sold two million copies. The original team behind the controversial game are seeking funding for a new sequel . The developer, Stainless Games, was forced to 'recut' the game with zombies instead of pedestrians - although 'patches' were widely available online, which restored the original bloodshed. ;After years of negotiation, the original founders of Stainless recently bought back ALL the rights to Carmageddon,' says Stainless Games today. 'So now it’s back in its rightful home, we’ve embarked on the journey that will reboot the brand, and we want YOU to join us on that journey.'
highlights: Game where drivers were rewarded for killing innocent pedestrians . First game to be refused a certificate by BBFC in 1997 . Billed as 'nastiest driving game in the world' Sold two million copies . Sequel has now secured funding via Kickstarter 'crowd funding' website .
id: 45270ab6e91ebd6ce0f5960ed4e2f73ba34ab1b6
chatgpt: Controversial video game sequel "Carmageddon: Max Damage" has recently secured funding via the Kickstarter crowd-funding website. The first installment of the game, released in 1997, was the first to be refused a certificate by the British Board of Film Classification (BBFC) due to its graphic content. The game allowed drivers to score points by killing innocent pedestrians and was billed as the "nastiest driving game in the world." Despite the ban, "Carmageddon" went on to sell over two million copies. While the sequel is still expected to feature the same level of violence and graphic content, it has been approved for release by the BBFC. Developers have stated that the new game will include over 30 cars, 10 environments, and 90-plus power-ups, all designed to make the destruction of pedestrians and vehicles alike as entertaining as possible. The success of the Kickstarter campaign has highlighted the growing popularity of crowdfunding as a funding method for independent developers. With a goal of raising $500,000, the campaign ended up raising over $625,000 thanks to the support of nearly 15,000 backers. The makers of "Carmageddon: Max Damage" have explained that the funding from the campaign will be used to improve the game's graphics, as well as adding new features like co-op multiplayer and challenge modes. They have also promised to continue to add content to the game after its release. This news has been met with mixed reactions. Some believe that the game should have been banned outright, citing concerns over the glorification of violence against innocent people. Others argue that the game is simply an example of harmless entertainment and that it is up to individual adults to make their own responsible choices. It is unclear what impact the release of "Carmageddon: Max Damage" will have on the gaming industry as a whole. While games featuring violent or controversial content are nothing new, the success of this sequel could open the door for other developers to explore even more extreme forms of entertainment. Overall, the release of "Carmageddon: Max Damage" is sure to generate headlines and spark debate. While some will undoubtedly view the game as a disturbing example of desensitization to violence, others will see it as a harmless form of entertainment. Ultimately, the decision of whether or not to play such a game falls on the individual consumer.