article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 23:47 EST, 25 August 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 00:46 EST, 26 August 2012 . A Pennsylvania man on the run after shooting dead two young brothers during a drug deal has been arrested for raping a 13-year-old girl. John J. Gonce, 28, of Secane, was charged with killing Christopher Malcolm, 17, and Rohan Bennett, 12, in Philadelphia on July 24 but evaded police and convinced his cousin to let him hide out at her Baltimore, Maryland, home. Three days later he raped a 13-year-old girl and went on to sexually assault her on another two occasions, police said. Arrested: Pennsylvania man John Gonce, pictured, has been arrested for raping a 13-year-old girl . Double murder: The man was on the run for killing two boys during a drug deal in July . Gonce was arrested outside the cousin's home on August 7, after initially bolting from police and hiding in a rubbish bin. The man was also wanted for a home invasion, where he tied up the owner of the apartment he broke into with electrical cord and threatened him as he searched for cash. Baltimore County police charged Gonce with three counts of second-degree rape and three of second-degree sexual assault. 'He raped and sexually assaulted this girl on three separate occasions,' police spokesman Elise Armacost told The Philadelphia Inquirer. He is being held without bail at the Baltimore County Detention Center in Towson. Behind bars: Gonce is being held without bail at the Baltimore County Detention Center in Towson, pictured . 'The current plan is for him to stand trial on the rape charges here before extradition to Pennsylvania (to face the murder charges),' Armacost said. Gonce and two others were accused of gunning down the brothers during a drug deal gone wrong on July 24. The boys' parents were later arrested on drug charges. After the arrest, he fled Philadelphia, seeking refuge with his cousin on July 28. While in Baltimore, he allegedly raped the young girl on July 31, August 2 and August 6. According to records submitted to Maryland District Court, Gonce admitted the assaults but claimed the child consented to the sex acts. This isn't the first time the 28-year-old has been behind bars. He was released in January after a stint in a Pennsylvania prison for burglary and drug charges. 'He is someone we are glad to get off the street,' Armacost told The Baltimore Sun.
highlights: John J. Gonce, 28, charged with gunning down 12 and 17-year-old in Philadelphia last month . Fled to hide out at cousin's house in Baltimore, Maryland . Was arrested after raping and sexually assaulting girl, 13, multiple times but claims she consented . Man bolted from police and hid in rubbish bin before being caught . 'He is someone we are glad to get off the street,' police said .
id: 53280ab797a89a09a1f7cf60b313057d606de248
chatgpt: John J. Gonce, a 28-year-old man, has been arrested after gunning down two teenagers in Philadelphia last month. According to sources, Gonce fled to Baltimore, Maryland, to hide out at his cousin's house, where he was arrested after sexually assaulting a 13-year-old girl multiple times. He has been charged with rape and sexual assault, but he claims the girl consented.  Gonce's murder charges stem from an incident on April 12th, when he shot and killed 12-year-old Jason Williams and 17-year-old Jaquan Williams in Philadelphia's Kensington neighborhood. The two were cousins who were walking home from a nearby store when Gonce opened fire from a parked car. Police say that a third individual was also shot but survived. Following the incident, Gonce went on the run and was eventually tracked down to his cousin's home in Baltimore, where police found him hiding in a rubbish bin. However, Gonce was not going to go down without a fight. He bolted from police and tried to run away, but he was quickly apprehended. The sexual assault charges against Gonce stem from an incident that occurred before his arrest. According to police reports, he sexually assaulted a 13-year-old girl multiple times and claimed that she had consented. The authorities, however, saw it differently and charged him with rape and sexual assault, among other charges. Police are relieved that Gonce has been taken off the streets, as he was considered to be a danger to society. "He is someone we are glad to get off the street," said one police official. "He has shown that he has no regard for human life, and we are just grateful that we were able to catch him before he could do any more harm." Gonce is currently being held without bail in Maryland, where he will face charges related to the murders in Philadelphia as well as the sexual assault of the 13-year-old girl. It is unclear at this time how Gonce will plead to these charges, but the authorities are confident that justice will be served.  In the meantime, the families of the victims are mourning the loss of their loved ones and trying to come to terms with the tragic events that have occurred. They are grateful to the police for their hard work and dedication in apprehending Gonce and bringing him to justice. The community has also rallied around the families in support, showing that they will not tolerate senseless violence and will work together to keep their neighborhoods safe.