article: (CNN) -- Two big piles of cash, one at a grave site and another at a home, have been recovered by Pittsburgh police and are believed to be part of the $2 million an armored truck driver allegedly stole after killing his partner. Kenneth Konias Jr. remains on the run after he allegedly shot Michael Haines in the head last month, according to a law enforcement source familiar with the investigation who declined to be named. About $24,000 was found at Konias' grandmother's grave site on Wednesday, the source said. More than $200,000 was found at his home Tuesday. Konias is believed to be in possession of at least three handguns and is thought to be within the United States, said Pittsburgh Police Commander Thomas Stangrecki. An FBI task force is participating in the hunt, employing social media to tap into a wider audience and gather information. According to the criminal complaint, a witness heard a gunshot coming from an armored truck carrying deposits around 1 p.m. ET on February 28. Surveillance video shows the vehicle in the parking lot where the shot was overheard. The truck was later discovered under a Pittsburgh bridge by the company's employees and two police detectives. Haines was found dead inside, authorities said. Authorities say Konias called a friend and his mother in the minutes after the shooting. "I f***ed up," Konias told his friend, according to the criminal complaint. "My life is over." Pressed to explain, Konias admitted he had killed someone, according to the complaint. CNN can not independently verify the account. His mother, Renee Konias, told police that she had received a "strange call" from her son, less than an hour after the shooting, asking to speak to his father, but she informed him that he would have to call the house to reach him. Police said that when his mother attempted to call him back, Konias answered once and hung up abruptly and then did not answer at all. His cell phone was later recovered by police. According to the complaint, Konias' father said he saw his son drop off a blood-spattered work jacket at his home. Konias is accused of criminal homicide, theft of the victim's gun and robbery of the cash inside the armored vehicle. The armored truck company, Garda Cash Logistics, is offering a reward of up to $100,000 for any information leading to the arrest and conviction of Konias. He was last seen driving a champagne-colored 2006 Ford Explorer with Pennsylvania license plate GZW-4572. Police say the man should be considered armed and dangerous and are asking anyone with information to call the Pittsburgh Homicide Office at 412-323-7161 or to call 911. CNN's Mary Snow contributed to this report .
highlights: Kenneth Konias Jr. remains on the run, suspected in slaying . About $24,000 was found at Konias' grandmother's grave site . More than $200,000 was found at his home Tuesday . Konias, who drove an armored truck, is accused of shooting his partner .
id: 2a1e1eece82bca48f206be4e38939b1ce3a38400
chatgpt: Kenneth Konias Jr., the former armored truck driver accused of murdering his partner and stealing millions of dollars, is still on the run from authorities. The search for Konias has been intensifying as new developments have emerged in the investigation. On Wednesday, detectives found about $24,000 buried at Konias' grandmother's grave site in a Pennsylvania cemetery. The discovery was made after police received a tip that Konias had been seen in the area. According to police, the money was discovered in a duffel bag with his name on it. This discovery comes on the heels of another major discovery made on Tuesday, when authorities found more than $200,000 in cash at Konias' home in Pittsburgh. Konias is believed to have stolen $2.3 million from the armored truck during his final day on the job. Konias' partner, Michael Haines, was found dead in the back of the armored truck on February 28th. He had been shot in the back of the head. Konias is believed to have fled the scene with the stolen money, leaving his partner's body behind. The search for Konias began almost immediately after the murder and theft were discovered. He was last seen driving away from the scene in a white Ford Explorer. It's unclear how Konias has managed to evade authorities for so long, but police believe he may have fled the country. Konias' father has pleaded with his son to turn himself in and face justice. "Kenny, please, please turn yourself in. You need to face the consequences of your actions," said Kenneth Konias Sr. in a statement on Wednesday. In the wake of the murder and theft, questions have arisen about the security procedures and protocols for armored truck companies. The armored truck industry is heavily regulated, but incidents like this one have underscored the need for increased vigilance and security measures. The FBI has joined the investigation into the theft and murder, and Konias has been added to the agency's Most Wanted list. Authorities are asking anyone with information about his whereabouts to come forward. The murder and theft have been a shocking and tragic event for both the armored truck industry and the city of Pittsburgh. As the search for Konias continues, the community is left to wonder when, and if, justice will be served.