article: (CNN) -- A nationwide manhunt ended Friday when authorities found the body of a surgeon who had been sought in connection with the deadly shooting of a 33-year-old woman at an upstate New York hospital, police said. Investigators found Dr. Timothy V. Jorden dead from a self-inflicted gunshot wound to the head in a wooded area near his home Friday, according to Buffalo Police Commissioner Daniel Derenda. Jorden, a surgeon who had worked at Erie County Medical Center in Buffalo since 2003, was linked to the death of hospital clerk and ex-girlfriend Jacqueline Wisniewski on Wednesday morning, police said. After piecing together evidence, including surveillance video from Jorden's home and the medical center, police believe that the doctor called Wisniewski Wednesday morning, lured her to a stairwell and shot her five times at close range, Derenda said. "Had the doctor been alive, he would have been charged with murder today," he added. Shortly after the shooting, police said surveillance video showed Jorden emptying the shell casings from his gun in his office and proceeding to leave the medical center. He then returned home, where video showed him leaving through the back door to the woods where his body was found, Derenda said. Federal, state and local investigators had been searching for Jorden since the shooting Wednesday. Jorden and Wisniewski had broken up after dating for four years, Buffalo Police Chief Patrick Pascall told CNN. The surgeon graduated from the University of Buffalo School of Medicine in 1996, according to Joe Cirillo, a spokesman for Erie County Medical Center. After graduating, Jorden served two years of his residency at a military hospital in Tacoma, Washington, before going to Atlanta and then returning to Buffalo to finish his term.
highlights: Investigators found Dr. Timothy V. Jorden dead from a self-inflicted gunshot wound . Jorden was linked to the death of hospital clerk and ex-girlfriend Jacqueline Wisniewski . She was shot Wednesday at Erie County Medical Center in Buffalo .
id: d42e72d534a030fb356f2d38f41a75fff634c478
chatgpt: Dr. Timothy V. Jorden, a former trauma surgeon, was found dead in his home from a self-inflicted gunshot wound. Investigators connected Jorden to the murder of Jacqueline Wisniewski, his ex-girlfriend and a hospital clerk at Erie County Medical Center in Buffalo. Wisniewski was killed on Wednesday at the hospital where she worked, sparking a manhunt for Jorden. According to authorities, Jorden shot Wisniewski multiple times and then fled the scene. Witnesses reported hearing gunshots and seeing Jorden leaving the hospital in a red Jeep Wrangler. The search for Jorden came to a tragic end when investigators found him dead in his home in Lake View, New York. The police had been searching for Jorden for several hours before discovering his body. The cause of death was a self-inflicted gunshot wound. Jorden and Wisniewski had been in a relationship, but it had ended several months ago. However, according to sources, Jorden had continued to harass Wisniewski both at work and through text messages. The hospital had taken steps to protect Wisniewski, including security escorts to her car, but the measures were not enough to prevent the tragedy. The hospital community has been left in shock and mourning after the incident. Co-workers describe Wisniewski as a dedicated employee who was always willing to help others. Jorden, a former Army weapons expert, had been praised for his work as a surgeon but was known to have a volatile temper and had been the subject of several complaints during his time at the hospital. The police are continuing their investigation, but it is clear that this tragedy has left many questions unanswered. The loss of two lives, including a promising doctor, has brought a sense of sadness and disbelief to the hospital community and the wider community in Buffalo.