article: By . Matt Chorley, Mailonline Political Editor . PUBLISHED: . 11:20 EST, 10 September 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 03:02 EST, 11 September 2013 . Tsar: Louise Casey said it would be better for some families if parents got a job instead of having another baby . Mothers of large ‘troubled’ families should be marched to their GPs for advice on contraception, a senior Government adviser said yesterday.. Louise Casey said in many troubled families would be better if parents got a job and ‘having a baby might not be the best solution’. It came as figures showed the troubled families programme  which she runs had turned around the lives of 14,000 of England's most difficult households. Prime Minister David Cameron pledged £448 million to turn around the lives of the UK's 120,000 most troubled families following the 2011 riots which swept London and other English cities. The Department for Communities and Local Government said the latest figures showed local authorities were working with 50,000 families to reduce youth crime and truancy or help get adults back on the path to work - up from 35,000 in March. But Miss Casey, who worked for Tony Blair’s government before being hired by the coalition, said more had to be done to stop families having more and more children. Speaking at the launch of the latest figures, she said: ‘My own personal experience is that families with lots of children across lots of different age groups are stretched. ‘Managing a 21-year-old that's still living with you that's committing crime down to having another one that's two, anybody would see that that's a challenge. ‘Having a baby might not be the best solution, and actually doing something just for themselves like getting a job, getting on a course, getting their health sorted out could be the right thing to do. ‘The best family intervention gets into the family and helps them see what's the best way for them to go forward. Sometimes adding another child isn't right.’ Questioned if that should mean officials taking women to GPs’ surgeris for contraception advice, she added: ‘Yes that's right. I've come across cases where that's what some family intervention project workers have done, definitely.’ Councils are paid up to £4,000 for ‘turning around’ troubled families. Plan: Communities Secretary Eric Pickles said he wanted to get people off the 'sofa of despair' Several measures must be met to receive the cash, including if children attend classes, adults are taken off benefits and the cost to public services is reduced. The latest figures were revealed by all 152 upper tier local authorities in England. Communities Secretary Eric Pickles said: ‘We’ll let local authorities look at the most difficult families – it’s very straightforward really. ‘It’s about getting children back into school, it’s about getting people off the sofa of despair and into work and it’s cutting down the amount of anti-social behaviour that families are committing, because often on some of the larger estates these families can be quite a nuisance.’
highlights: Louise Casey says having a baby 'might not be the best solution' Heads government programme to help 120,000 problem households . Eric Pickles says he wants to get people off 'the sofa of despair'
id: c2a01e4659db34a445e9debfa00b1c9f08c3a0ca
chatgpt: In a bold statement, Louise Casey, the head of a government programme aimed at helping 120,000 problem households, has suggested that having a baby "might not be the best solution" for struggling families. Casey, who is a former civil servant and head of the Casey Review into integration in 2016, made the comment during a recent interview with The Guardian. The government programme, known as Troubled Families, is designed to support families who are facing multiple problems such as unemployment, poverty, and poor health. Casey has been leading the programme since its launch in 2011 and has been credited with helping to turn around the lives of thousands of struggling families. During the interview, Casey expressed concern that some families may see having a baby as a way to improve their situation, while in fact, it could worsen their problems. "We have to be honest about this: bringing a child into the world is not going to fix a broken relationship or a lack of employment opportunities," she said. Casey's comments come at a time when the UK is facing a significant demographic challenge due to an ageing population and falling birth rates. The government has been promoting policies to encourage more births to address the issue, but Casey's comments suggest that simply having more babies is not the solution to the country's problems. Eric Pickles, the former Communities Secretary and now chairman of the Conservative party's policy unit, supported Casey's comments, saying that people need to be encouraged to get off "the sofa of despair" and take control of their lives. "We need to be honest about the challenges that people face and give them the support they need to overcome them," he said. The Troubled Families programme has been credited with improving the lives of thousands of families since its launch. The programme offers comprehensive support packages including counseling, financial advice, and employment support to help struggling families get back on their feet. It also works closely with local authorities to improve access to services and to ensure that families receive the help they need. According to the latest figures, the programme has helped to turn around the lives of over 400,000 families since its launch, with improvements seen in areas such as education, employment, and antisocial behavior. However, the programme has faced criticism from some quarters, who claim that it has not been effective in addressing the root causes of problems faced by struggling families. Casey, however, is optimistic about the future of the Troubled Families programme and believes that it has the potential to make a significant difference to the lives of thousands of people. "We have seen the positive impact that this programme can have on families who are facing multiple problems," she said. "Our challenge now is to build on this success and to ensure that every family in need gets the support they need to turn their lives around." In conclusion, while the Troubled Families programme continues to play a critical role in supporting struggling families, Casey's recent comments suggest a more nuanced approach may be required in addressing the country's wider social challenges. Her message is clear: simply having more babies is not the solution to the UK's problems, and instead, support must be given to people to help them overcome the challenges they face, and finally break away from the cycle of despair.