article: Parents who refuse to vaccinate their children must give up their childcare payments from the government unless care is quarantined to the home, according to a new report. This hard-line approach to immunisation is part of the recommendations handed down by the Productivity Commission's report into childcare. The report warns that access to government rebates for childcare should only be handed out if the child is fully immunised in order to protect them from preventable diseases. Parents who refuse to vaccinate their children must give up their childcare payments from the government unless care is quarantined to the home, according to the Productivity Commission's report into childcare . While parents are required to vaccinate their children to receive benefits, they can seek exemptions if a doctor signs a form showing they understand the risks to their child if they don't get vaccinated. The Productivity Commission's report now recommends rebates 'be conditional on the child being fully immunised, unless care occurs in the child's home'. Childcare centres in NSW can ban children that are not immunised and other states are currently considering similar tough stances. 'The commission makes some very important suggestions in this area. I am open to everything in the report. I am not ruling anything in or out,' Social Services Minister Scott Morrison told the Sunday Telegraph. While parents are required to vaccinate their children to receive benefits, they can seek exemptions if a doctor signs a form showing they understand the risks to their child if they don't get vaccinated . The Productivity Commission's report now recommends rebates 'be conditional on the child being fully immunised, unless care occurs in the child's home' Labor leader Bill Shorten told the newspaper the commission's recommendation were a 'common-sense measure'. 'Kids deserve to grow up safe and healthy. I'm not comfortable with the idea of subsidising people who put kids' health at risk,' he said. 'Childcare support should go to people who are doing the right thing by their child and the children they play with. Families who do the right thing by immunising their child shouldn't have to worry about whether their child is going to pick up a preventable illness at their childcare centre.' Social Services Minister Scott Morrison said he was open to anything in the report and admitted it made some very important suggestions in the area of immunisations .
highlights: Productivity Commission's report into childcare recommends stripping parents of childcare rebates if they refuse to vaccinate . Parents are required to vaccinate their children to receive benefits, but they can seek exemptions if a doctor signs a form . Report warns cutting back on rebates would ensure parents play collective role in protecting children from preventable diseases . Social Services Minister Scott Morrison admitted report made some 'very important' suggestions in regards to immunisation .
id: a16a074d80728dddaa773f72e2157ca021d5f530
chatgpt: The Productivity Commission has released a report into childcare that recommends stripping parents of childcare rebates if they refuse to vaccinate their children. Under the current system, parents are required to vaccinate their children in order to receive benefits, but they can seek exemptions if a doctor signs a form. The report warns that cutting back on rebates would ensure that parents play a collective role in protecting children from preventable diseases. The report has been welcomed by the Social Services Minister, Scott Morrison, who admitted that the report made some "very important" suggestions in regards to immunisation. Morrison has stated that the government will carefully consider the recommendations made in the report. At present, around 93% of Australian children are immunised, a figure which is lower than the target of 95% set by the government. The Productivity Commission's report emphasises the importance of boosting immunisation rates in order to reduce the spread of preventable diseases and protect the wider community. However, not everyone is in favour of the report's recommendations. Some anti-vaccination campaigners have argued that stripping parents of childcare rebates is unfair and could infringe on their rights. Others have suggested that the focus should be on education rather than punishment, with more resources given to parents to help them make informed decisions about immunisation. Despite these criticisms, the Productivity Commission's report is likely to spark debate about the best ways to encourage immunisation and protect public health. With outbreaks of preventable diseases such as measles and whooping cough becoming more common, the need to boost vaccination rates has become a pressing issue for governments around the world. In conclusion, the report by the Productivity Commission is a significant contribution to the ongoing debate about the role of immunisation in protecting public health. While the recommendations may be controversial, they reflect a growing recognition of the importance of collective action in promoting immunisation and reducing the spread of preventable diseases. As the government considers its response to the report, it will be important for all stakeholders to engage in constructive dialogue and work together to find solutions that are both effective and ethical.