article: Boris Johnson has claimed Britain is ‘on the verge of an utter catastrophe’ as Scotland swings closer to voting for separation. The London Mayor attacked the ‘complacency’  in the rest of the country over the prospect of Scottish independence. He said the country was ‘sleepwalking’ into a tragedy amid growing evidence of a surge in support for the ‘Yes’ to independence campaign. A poll released yesterday showed support for independence was now in the lead by two points – by 51 per cent to 49 per cent. Scroll down for video . The London Mayor, outside 10 Downing Street today, said Britain would be dead without Scotland . Boris Johnson salutes from the deck of the tall ship Tenacious, which is moored at Woolwich, in east London, as part of the month long Totally Thames festival . Mr Johnson, visiting the TS Tenacious tall ship on Arsenal Pier, London, said it would be a disaster if Scotland left the union . The London Mayor attacked the 'complacency' among some of his friends over what it would mean to lose Scotland . Writing in the Telegraph, Mr Johnson warned that it was time to speak out to save Britain. He said: ‘In just 10 days’ time we could all be walking around like zombies – on both sides of the Scottish border.’ The London mayor said the Scots had ‘yet to think through the horrific financial and constitutional implications of an English-Scottish divorce’. He added: ‘We are on the verge of trashing our global name and brand in an act of self-mutilation that will leave our international rivals stunned, gleeful and discreetly scornful.’ Mr Johnson said it would be worse than losing American in 1776. He said: ‘The entity under mortal threat next week is Britain itself. You cannot refer to a state called “Britain” unless you include Scotland, because it is a basic fact of geography that Britain comprises everything from Land’s End to John o’Groats.’ ‘Take away Scotland, and we destroy Britain.’ Better Together leader Alistair Darling was campaigning in Stockbridge, Edinburgh, today - but denied plans to set out a timetable for giving more powers to Scotland were a sign of panic . Scottish actor Alan Cumming (left) joins the Deputy First Minister Nicola Sturgeon and Yes campaigners in Glasgow . Mr Johnson added: ‘Britain, British, Britishness: these are precious terms, and they stand for something wonderful across the world.’ He said he was ‘appalled’ by the complacency people were showing. Mr Johnson said: ‘I am praying that we will wake from this sleepwalk to tragedy; and that the Scots vote no to divorce, and yes to Britain, the greatest political union ever.’
highlights: Said Scots 'yet to think through the horrific financial  implications of divorce' Britain 'on the verge of trashing our global name  in an act of self-mutilation' The London Mayor said it would be worse than losing American in 1776 .
id: 8b5c18f82a040e5bc9af1bbb206c9bdc336500de
chatgpt: The political turmoil over Brexit has brought division among the people of not only the United Kingdom but also Scotland. The latest debate comes in response to Mayor of London Sadiq Khan’s warning of “trashing our global name in an act of self-mutilation” as the country approaches its decision to leave the European Union. Khan, who is a prominent critic of Brexit, claimed that the economic consequences of the decision could be worse than losing America in 1776. Khan’s latest comments come after a report from the Scottish parliament’s finance committee, which warned that Scotland was “yet to think through the horrific financial implications of divorce”. The report, which says that there is no clear estimate of the cost of both a no-deal Brexit and the Prime Minister’s proposed deal, also claims that there is “no clear route to securing agreement on the Northern Ireland backstop”.  The issue of Northern Ireland has been a major sticking point in the Brexit negotiations, with the EU demanding a backstop to avoid a hard border on the island of Ireland. However, the UK government has rejected the idea of a backstop, arguing that it would keep the country tied to the EU indefinitely. The impact of Brexit on Scotland has been a hot topic for some time, with many Scottish politicians calling for a second independence referendum. Scotland overwhelmingly voted to remain in the EU during the 2016 referendum, and the Scottish Government believes that a hard Brexit could have disastrous consequences for the country’s economy. Khan’s warning has been met with mixed reactions, with some supporting his view that Brexit could be a disaster for the UK, whilst others argue that it is fearmongering to suggest that leaving the EU would be worse than losing America. Brexit supporters have also criticised the Mayor of London for interfering in the country’s decision to leave the EU. There is no doubt that the UK is facing a difficult decision as it prepares to leave the EU, with both sides struggling to agree on the terms of a deal. The uncertainty surrounding Brexit has already had an impact on the country’s economy, with many businesses choosing to relocate or scale back their operations in the UK. As the deadline for Brexit approaches, it is clear that there is still much to be decided, and the consequences of leaving the EU are far from certain. With both sides warning of the potential economic disaster that could follow Brexit, it is up to the UK government to make a decision that will secure the country’s future.