article: By . Jennifer Smith . PUBLISHED: . 08:49 EST, 30 August 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 08:49 EST, 30 August 2013 . A huge section of cliff crashed into the sea at a popular resort, covering holidaymakers and residents in a cloud of red dust. The rose-coloured rocks fell 200ft after the massive landslide, half-a-mile from the town of Sidmouth in Devon. The area on the Devon coast is prone to landslides, with some residents worrying their homes will soon be next. Holidaymakers and residents were shocked to see the rock falling from the cliff and into the sea . Locals first knew of Wednesday's landslide when they heard a massive rumbling sound coming from the cliff face. They looked up to see a huge chunk of rock plunging into the sea while throwing up a towering dust cloud. The slip occurred near properties at the notoriously unstable Pennington Point, where homes edge ever closer to the sea with each collapse. Richard Thurlow, chairman of campaign group Save Our Sidmouth, said: 'It was a fairly major one, quite immense. The red dust which was sprayed from the cliff covered local properties and eroded residents' gardens . 'Outside my home, which is half a mile away, a fine red dust was deposited on all the flat surfaces. 'The people who are seeing their gardens eroded are very worried.' Rockfalls along the Devon and Dorset Jurassic Coast are common, though rarely as dramatic. At Pennington Point, 12 properties are at risk of falling over an eroding cliff edge, which is said to be losing land at up to 13ft a year. Before: The particular area in Devon is prone to landslides and rock falls, but most aren't as dramatic as this most recent one . East Devon District Council said the latest landslip was as a result of erosion from heavy rain. Earlier this week it was revealed a wealthy banker left £2.3million to the community in Sidmouth in his will. Earlier this week the town of Sidmouth was left £2.3million by a banker in his will who wanted to keep the town beautiful with flowers . Keith Owen, who used to visit his mother who lived in the town,changed his will to leave his fortune to the town, his only condition being that the money was spent on keeping the town beautiful. He suggested the planting of 1million flower bulbs, a project which has been gladly taken on by residents and officials. Mr Owen died in 2007 after being diagnosed with cancer and given only eight weeks to live.
highlights: Chunk of cliff falls 200ft and crashes into sea near Sidmouth, Devon . Local residents say cloud of red dust covered town afterwards . Area is prone to rockfalls but they are usually less dramatic .
id: 2ba970a34f054b2461d58c55915b558c153ebab9
chatgpt: Residents of Sidmouth in Devon were left in awe yesterday after a huge chunk of cliff measuring more than 200ft crashed into the sea. The dramatic incident happened late in the afternoon and was witnessed by a number of onlookers who were said to be fearful for their safety. According to reports, the piece of the cliff fell without warning, sending a gigantic cloud of red dust across the town. The area is known to be prone to rockfalls but they are usually less dramatic than this. Speaking after the dust had cleared, local residents expressed their shock at the scale of the incident. "I've never seen anything like it," said Sidmouth resident, John Smith. "It was terrifying. One minute everything was normal and then all of a sudden there was this huge crash and a cloud of red dust covering everything." The exact cause of the dramatic cliff fall is still unclear but it is believed that a combination of erosion and natural wear-and-tear were the main factors responsible. The area around Sidmouth is home to a number of cliffs that are prone to rockfalls and it is not uncommon for chunks of rock to break away and fall into the sea below. However, this latest incident has highlighted the potential danger of such events, especially when they occur so close to populated areas. The local authorities have urged residents to exercise caution when walking on the cliffs or close to the coast. "We are urging people to be extra vigilant when out and about in this area," said a spokesperson for the local council. "These cliffs can be extremely dangerous and we would urge everyone to be careful and to take extra care during periods of high tide or bad weather." The incident has also prompted calls for additional safety measures to be put in place, such as warning signs or safety barriers. However, experts have warned that such measures may not always be effective and that the best way to stay safe is to be aware of the risks and to exercise common sense when in the vicinity of the cliffs. In the meantime, the clean-up operation is underway in Sidmouth as residents attempt to brush away the red dust that has covered their town. The local authorities have assured residents that they will do everything possible to keep them safe and that they are working closely with experts to identify any potential danger areas. Despite the shock and awe of the cliff fall, experts have stressed that this is a natural occurrence and that it is part of the ongoing process of erosion and change along the coastline. While it may be unsettling for some, it is a reminder that nature can be both beautiful and dangerous, and that we must always be respectful of its power.