article: London (CNN) -- When Russian President Vladimir Putin and his Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping signed a huge gas deal last month, the timing couldn't have been better. It was on the eve of the Putin's St Petersburg Forum, and just weeks after the G7 energy ministers had announced a long-term plan to lessen Europe's troubling dependency on Russian energy. The multi-billion deal had been in the works for a decade, as the two parties negotiated the price. Russia finally agreed to supply natural gas for 30 years starting 2018. The price was not made public, but is estimated at around $456 billion over the 30-year term. The deal is a milestone in Russia's efforts to pivot towards the east. The country has suffered as the crisis in Ukraine deepens and the West implements sanctions. "The deal will allow [Russia] to continue with an energy-focused business model," said Andreas Woergoetter, an OECD economist and the head of Russian economy division. The IMF said that the Russian economy is in recession, and has lowered its growth forecast to just 0.2% for the year. "There have been consequences on the Russian economy as a result of the geopolitical situation, the uncertainty, and the sanctions that have been decided," IMF chief Christine Lagarde told CNN last month. But as its traditional trading ties have weakened, Russia has been building economic relationships elsewhere. In the last five years, trade between Russia and China has grown by a third, from $21 billion in 2008 to nearly $36 billion in 2013. Russians are buying even more from China. In 2013, Russian imports from China added up to $53 billion, largely made up of textiles and other consumer technology such as mobile phones. However, Woergoetter said that any increase of imports from China might be problematic, "making it even more difficult for Russia to develop a competitive manufacturing sector." VTB, Russia's second biggest bank, and the Bank of China have also agreed to pay each other in their own domestic currencies to bypass the U.S. dollar. Politically, the two countries have often faced the Western world together within the UN Security Council meetings, such as when they voted against the majority on issues around Syria, Zimbabwe and Myanmar. The deepening relationship was underlined when Xi decided that his first foreign visit as a newly elected Chinese president would be to Moscow. Read more: Would World Cup boycott hit harder than sanctions? John Defterios: Putin's 48 hours in St. Petersburg . Opinion: Who will blink first, Putin or the West?
highlights: With the West turning away, Russia is looking to strengthen their links with the East . Russia and China signed a landmark natural gas deal after a decade of negotiations . The two superpowers step up efforts to bypass the US dollar in their transactions .
id: c786e1392ef312317cc8afe42e0625654377028b
chatgpt: Amid growing tensions with the West, Russia and China have strengthened their ties with the signing of a landmark natural gas deal. After a decade of negotiations, the two countries have agreed to a $400 billion agreement, which will see Russia supply China with natural gas for the next 30 years. The deal, which was signed during a state visit by Russian President Vladimir Putin to China, is a significant development for both countries. For Russia, it provides a way to reduce its reliance on European markets and to diversify its energy sector. For China, it represents a major step towards meeting the country's growing demand for energy as it shifts towards a more consumer-driven economy. At the same time, the two superpowers are stepping up efforts to bypass the US dollar in their transactions. This move is seen as a response to the increasingly harsh economic sanctions imposed on Russia by the US and its Western allies. By using their own currencies, Russia and China are able to reduce their exposure to the fluctuations of the dollar and avoid US sanctions. The natural gas deal is just the latest example of Russia's pivot towards Asia in response to Western sanctions. With the US and Europe increasingly turning away from Russia, the country has been seeking new allies in Asia. In addition to China, Russia has also been working to strengthen ties with other countries in the region, including India and Japan. However, some experts have warned that Russia's growing dependence on China could come at a cost. While the natural gas deal is a major coup for Russia, it also puts the country in a vulnerable position. If China were to decide to reduce its imports of Russian gas or to turn to other suppliers, Russia could be left with a major economic shortfall. Despite these concerns, the natural gas deal is a significant development for both Russia and China. As the two countries step up efforts to bypass the US dollar and reduce their dependence on Western markets, they are sending a clear message to the world that they are ready to chart their own course. With tensions between the US and Russia showing no signs of easing, the natural gas deal could be just the beginning of a new era in Russian-Chinese relations.