article: (CNN) -- "Jughead, do you want to be my best man?" comic book character Archie asks on his blog. The marriage issue is due to arrive at comic stores in August and on newsstands in September. Archie Andrews -- who spent decades in high school, flirting with girl-next-door Betty Cooper and heiress-next-door Veronica Lodge -- is getting married. "I am so excited, I am getting Married to Archie. There is so much to do, so many plans to make. I wonder if Betty wants to be my Maid of Honor? I bet she is so happy for me!" Veronica writes on her blog. Yup, Archie is marrying Veronica, breaking Betty's heart. "I am so sad, I don't even know what to say," Betty writes on her blog. Betty has months to dry her tears. The marriage issue is due to arrive at comic stores in August and on newsstands in September, according to publisher Archie Comic Publications (archiecomics.com). "It's the milestone 600th issue and we're serving up the Archie story of the century as Archie marries Veronica!!!" the publisher says on its Web site. "The 32-page issue takes a look at Archie and his friends after they graduate college! What careers will they seek? Will the friends stay in Riverdale or disperse? What would lead Archie to have marriage on his mind? And who would he choose Veronica or Betty? How will Betty react? How will Veronica react? Can Archie shake off his klutzy past and hold down a steady job... for more than a month? One thing is certain: this will be the biggest Archie Comics story ever!" Archie might be in over his head. According to Veronica's online profile, "She is very conceited, usually fickle, and extremely flirtatious." He went for the bad girl instead of Betty. Her online profile says, "Through every crazy, loving scheme to win Archie's love, Betty always remains completely unaffected, loyal and sweet." Maybe Archie will come to his senses. His online profile says, "He does things on the spur of the moment, which almost always gives him a very keen cause for regret."
highlights: Comic book character Archie Andrews finally chooses between Betty and Veronica . The fictional marriage marks the comic book's milestone 600th issue . Is Archie in over his head? Fans must wait until August to find out .
id: ed3c63898f60b9916a8333ea1512669ddeca117d
chatgpt: Archie Andrews, the beloved comic book character, has finally made his choice between Betty and Veronica in the upcoming milestone 600th issue of the series. The fictional marriage has left fans eagerly anticipating what's to come for the iconic redheaded teenager who has captured the hearts of millions for over 75 years. The love triangle between Archie, Betty, and Veronica has been a staple of the comic book since its inception in 1941. Over the years, Archie has flip-flopped between the two female leads, leaving fans wondering who he will ultimately choose. But in the upcoming issue, all those questions will be answered as Archie makes one of the biggest decisions of his fictional life. The 600th issue marks a major milestone for the series, which has become a cultural touchstone for generations. The comic book has spawned TV shows, movies, and even a popular video game. Fans across the world have grown up with Archie and his friends and the upcoming issue promises to give them closure on one of the series' longest running plotlines. However, fans will have to wait until August to find out exactly who Archie chooses. The plot is being kept under wraps, leaving fans to speculate wildly on the outcome. Will it be Betty, the girl next door who has always been there for Archie? Or will it be Veronica, the wealthy and popular girl who has also vied for Archie's affection? Despite the excitement surrounding the upcoming issue, some fans are worried that the marriage plotline may be too much for Archie. The character has always been known for his lighthearted antics and happy-go-lucky attitude. Some worry that tying him down to one person may change the essence of what makes Archie so endearing. Regardless of what happens, the 600th issue of the comic book promises to be a historic moment in the series' long history. Fans will finally have answers to the questions that have plagued them for decades. The comic book industry may be facing uncertain times, but Archie Andrews and his friends continue to stand the test of time.