article: Islamabad, Pakistan (CNN) -- A member of a Pakistani-based militant group is denying a New York Times report that a cellphone found during the raid of Osama bin Laden's compound contains information that links his group to bin Laden. The member of Harakat-ul-Mujahedeen said he was not aware of support his group gave bin Laden during the years the al Qaeda boss hid at a compound in Abbottabad, Pakistan. The statement by the man, who did not want his name used because no one in his group is authorized to speak to the media, differs from a recent New York Times report. The New York Times reported on Thursday that a cellphone belonging to a bin Laden courier contained contact information for members of Harakat-ul-Mujahedeen. (What is Harakat-ul-Mujahedeen?) The Times report says that Harakat-ul-Mujahedeen also has ties to Pakistani intelligence services. That information on the cellphone could raise questions about who supported bin Laden when he was in Pakistan, the report said. A spokeswoman for the U.S. embassy in Islamabad declined comment on the situation Friday, saying, "We don't discuss intelligence issues." In recent weeks diplomats from the United States and Pakistan have been meeting to help repair the relationship between the two countries, which has been strained since the May 2 raid on the compound that left of bin Laden dead. The relationship between the two countries has been in a downward spiral over disputes about how to pursue counterterrorism efforts. The United States believes Pakistan is not doing enough to go after al Qaeda and other extremists, while the Pakistanis are upset with what they consider to be unilateral steps taken by the United States within their borders. Journalist Nasir Dawar contributed to this report .
highlights: Diplomats have been meeting in hopes of repairing the U.S.-Pakistan ties . The source is a member of Harakat-ul-Mujahedeen, a Pakistani-based militant group . A New York Times report connects a cellphone of bin Laden's courier to the group .
id: 1a882054ccdbcf287b8f5c2c209e754806d1f0b4
chatgpt: Diplomatic efforts are underway to repair the often strained relationship between the United States and Pakistan. Since the death of Al Qaeda leader, Osama Bin Laden, tensions have been high between the two nations. However, recent meetings between diplomats suggest a possible thaw in the frosty relationship between the nations. According to official reports, the discussions have been held behind closed doors and are aimed at finding a way forward in the fight against terrorism. The meetings have included officials from both countries and are aimed at building a more collaborative relationship moving forward. However, recent reports from the New York Times have drawn attention to a suspected connection between a Pakistani-based militant group and Osama Bin Laden. According to the report, a cellphone belonging to one of Osama Bin Laden's couriers was tracked to a member of Harakat-ul-Mujahedeen. The allegations have serious implications for the relationship between the two countries. While diplomats continue to work towards a more amicable relationship, the alleged ties between the militant group and Osama Bin Laden are sure to complicate matters. The New York Times report claims that the link between the courier's phone and Harakat-ul-Mujahedeen was discovered by U.S. intelligence officials in the wake of the raid that killed Osama Bin Laden. The news has cast doubt on the willingness of the Pakistani government to cooperate with U.S. efforts against terrorism. Despite the allegations, diplomatic efforts continue with both sides working towards a more cordial relationship. Both nations have a vested interest in working together to combat terrorism in the region, and continued dialogue is seen as a positive step towards achieving that goal. While the allegations are sure to strain relations between the two nations, efforts to improve diplomatic ties must continue. Both nations stand to benefit from a more collaborative relationship, and ongoing dialogue should be a priority for both sides.