article: A young couple in Pakistan were tied up and had their throats slit with scythes by the bride's father after they married for love. The 17-year-old girl and 31-year-old man married without the consent of their families in eastern Pakistan's Punjabi village of Satrah, police said. The girl's mother and father lured the couple home with the promise that their marriage would receive a family blessing. Brutal: The 17-year-old girl and 31-year-old man married without the consent of their families in eastern Pakistan's Punjabi village of Satrah, police said. They were lured to a home and then killed by the girl's mother . 'When the couple reached there, they tied them with ropes,' he said. 'He (the girl's father) cut their throats.' Police arrested the family, who said they had been embarrassed by the marriage of their daughter, named Muafia Hussein, to a man from a less important tribe. Cultural traditions in many areas of Pakistan mean that killing a woman whose behaviour is seen as immodest is widely accepted. Immodest behaviour that sparked recent killings included singing, looking out of the window or talking to a man who is not a relative. For a woman to marry a man of her own choice is considered an unacceptable insult by many families. The Human Rights Commission of Pakistan said 869 so-called 'honour killings' were reported in the media last year - several a day. But the true figure is probably much higher since many cases are never reported. The weak Pakistani government, battling with a troubled economy and a Taliban insurgency, does not collect centralized statistics and has no strategy to combat the killings. Pakistani law means that even if a woman's killer is convicted, her family are able to forgive the killer. Many families simply nominate a member to do the killing, then formally forgive the killer. That's what happened earlier this week, a lawyer said, when a tribal council in central Pakistan's Muzaffargarh district sentenced another young couple to death for marrying for love. Remote: The pair where killed in a rural area near Gujranwala in eastern Pakstan . The couple's lawyer, Zia Kiyyani, said the two had appealed for police protection after their marriage on June 21, but had not received any. The 19-year-old girl's family came to take her from her husband's family, swearing on the Koran that they would not harm her and would hold a proper wedding ceremony, he said. 'During this the girl shouted, cried and mourned for her life and her husband's life because she knew that they will kill both of them,' he said. The girl, named Mehreen Bibi, was shot by a member of her family when she returned home, police said. Her husband went into hiding and her father registered the murder complaint so he could forgive the killer, Kiyyani said. 'That will end the case,' he said.
highlights: The 17-year-old girl married the 31-year-old man in the village of Satrah . Pair were lured into their family home by the girl's mother . She promised she would give the couple her family's blessing . Instead they were tied up by the girl's father who then cut their throats .
id: dea79248fd76f8ecfbfe1813bd27f9ffde156aea
chatgpt: A shocking incident has unfolded in the village of Satrah, where a 17-year-old girl and her 31-year-old husband were brutally murdered by the girl's father. The couple was lured into the family home by the girl's mother under the pretense of receiving her family's blessing. However, instead of a blessing, they were met with a gruesome and tragic end. According to reports, the girl's mother had promised the couple that she would convince her husband to bless their marriage. However, upon entering the house, they were immediately tied up by the girl's father. The father then proceeded to cut both their throats, resulting in their untimely demise. The news of this heinous act has sent shockwaves throughout the village and the wider community. Many are left wondering what could have led the father to commit such a brutal and unforgivable crime. Some sources suggest that the father was against the marriage from the very beginning. The age difference between the girl and her husband was a significant concern for him, as well as the fact that they belonged to different castes. Despite the fact that the couple was in love and wanted to spend the rest of their lives together, the father was not willing to accept their union. Many are now questioning the role of the mother in the whole ordeal. Some suggest she was aware of her husband's intentions and willingly misled the young couple. Others believe that she was simply trying to help them, and had no idea what her husband was planning. The police have initiated an investigation into the matter, and the father has been taken into custody. The mother has also been questioned to gather more information about the circumstances leading up to the crime. This incident highlights the ongoing issue of forced marriages in certain communities, where the wishes of parents and elders are given priority over the desires and well-being of the individuals involved. It is a tragedy that a young couple's love story was cut short in such a horrific manner. The incident has also brought to light the urgent need for more awareness and education about the dangers of forced marriages, and the need for greater support and resources for those who find themselves in such situations. As the investigation into this harrowing case continues, the villagers of Satrah are left mourning the loss of two young lives, and grappling with the implications of this tragic event.