article: By . Sam Webb . PUBLISHED: . 09:57 EST, 5 December 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 11:24 EST, 5 December 2012 . An enormous queue of taxis is seen waiting to fill up their tanks at a natural gas at a station Taiyuan, capital of northern China's Shanxi Province. Due to rising petrol costs, some Chinese cities have been converted their taxi fleet to run on natural gas. However, due to a current lack of gas stations where they can fill up, drivers are often forced to queue for hours. One driver said that he spends three to four hours each day waiting to get fuel. Round the block: Taxis in Taiyuan, China, are forced to queue for hours for natural gas as demand, driven by high petrol prices, skyrocket . Queue: Half of China's one million taxis are now gas-powered but supply hasn't kept up with demand . Rigmarole: One driver said that he spends three to four hours each day waiting to get fuel . Natural gas fuel combustion produces significantly less harmful emissions than petrol and in 1999 Chinese authorities set a 10 per cent target for clean vehicles as a portion of the overall vehicle population. According to Forbes (LINK), the total number of taxis in China is more than 1.1 million, half of which have gas engines. China is already among the top seven gas vehicle markets and, according to the country’s national plan, China’s natural gas vehicle ownership will be 1.5 million in 2015 and 3 million in 2020. China produces more than 18 million vehicles annually and has approximately 112 million vehicles. Break: A driver snacks on noodles while he waits to fill up his taxi with natural gas. The Chinese government is promoting the use of natural gas-powered cars. China's natural gas vehicle ownership is expected to be 1.5million in 2015 . Green: Vehicles that run on natural gas have far less harmful emissions than their petrol counterparts .
highlights: Taxis forced to wait hours to fill up as numbers of natural gas-powered vehicles soars . High petrol prices have seen Chinese cities convert their fleets . But refuelling stations have not grown to meet spiralling demand .
id: e866004b15ae1dab3b476ba92025976c355694bb
chatgpt: As the number of natural gas-powered taxis in Chinese cities soars, drivers are being forced to wait for hours to fill up their tanks. This comes as cities across the country have been converting their taxi fleets from petrol to natural gas in an effort to combat rising petrol prices and reduce carbon emissions. Despite the benefits of this shift, however, the lack of adequate refuelling stations is causing headaches for drivers and passengers alike. According to recent reports, many taxi drivers are now waiting in queues for up to six hours just to fill up their tanks. This is leading to longer wait times for passengers and could ultimately impact the overall efficiency of the taxi industry. While the Chinese government has encouraged the adoption of natural gas vehicles and has supported the construction of new refuelling stations, it appears that demand is outstripping supply in many areas. One of the main reasons for the lack of adequate refuelling stations has to do with the time it takes to build them. According to industry insiders, it can take up to three years for a new station to become operational, which has meant that the rapid adoption of natural gas taxis has outpaced the ability of the infrastructure to keep up. Moreover, while some companies have been investing in new stations to meet demand, it is unclear whether they will be able to keep up with the pace of conversion. Despite these challenges, however, the shift towards natural gas taxis is likely to continue. High petrol prices have made natural gas a more attractive option for drivers, and the Chinese government has set ambitious targets for reducing carbon emissions. This has led to some cities, such as Shenzhen and Changsha, accelerating their conversions to natural gas vehicles. For passengers, the inconvenience of longer wait times may ultimately be outweighed by the benefits of cleaner air and lower petrol costs. Nevertheless, it is clear that more needs to be done to address the growing demand for natural gas refuelling stations in Chinese cities. As the number of natural gas-powered vehicles continues to soar, the government and private sector should work together to ensure that adequate infrastructure is in place to support this transition.