article: (CNN) -- Roger Federer pulled out of his defense of the Qatar Open Friday with a back injury before his arch-rival Rafael Nadal was beaten in the semifinals of the $1 million tournament by Gael Monfils. Federer, the three-time defending champion at the season-opening tournament, was due to face France's Jo-Wilfried Tsonga for a place in the final. Monfils, who brushed aside top seed Nadal in straight sets, 6-3 6-4, will now play his compatriot for the first title of the 2012 ATP Tour season. Swiss maestro Federer had nursed back spasms during his wins over Greg Zemlja and Andreas Seppi and undergone treatment between matches as well as taking painkillers. But with the Australian Open looming on Monday week, the 16-time grand slam champion decided against risking the injury against Tsonga. "I hurt my back in my second round match (against Zemlja) and I don't see any improvement today," he told gathered reporters. "I've played through two matches in pain and don't think it's the right thing to risk anything more now. It's the only right decision to make. "It's only the second time I have pulled out from a tournament, and I have never pulled out during a match. It's a sad moment for me, the tournament, and the fans, but health comes first." Federer sounded a cautious note ahead of the first grand slam of the season. "Although it's not very good it's not crazy bad," he said. "I have had bad backs on the past, but this is not very good, otherwise I would definitely be playing," added Federer, who is on a 20-match unbeaten run on the ATP Tour. In the later action on court, a single break of service saw fourth seed Monfils take the opening set. Nadal hit back to lead 4-1 in the second set before Monfils conjured up five games in a row to compete a stunning victory in one hour 36 minutes. Tsonga holds a 2-1 career winning record over Monfils, but he lost their last encounter in Montpellier in 2010. Earlier, Andy Murray raced into the semifinals of the Brisbane International with a straight sets win over Marcos Baghdatis of Cyprus. World No. 4 Murray beat Baghdatis 6-2 6-2 and will play 19-year-old Australian hopeful Bernard Tomic in the last four in Queensland. Tomic beat Uzbekistan's Denis Istomin 6-3 7-6 in their quarterfinal match.
highlights: Roger Federer withdraws from Qatar Open with back injury . Three-time defending champion was due to play Jo-Wilfried Tsonga in the last four . Top seed Rafael Nadal lost in straight sets to France's Gael Monfils in second semifinal . Andy Murray sweeps into semifinals of Brisbane International .
id: dce49bb03f0c99b6e66957e15e4c4885633b4459
chatgpt: Switzerland's Roger Federer has withdrawn from the Qatar Open due to a back injury, according to a statement released by the tournament organisers. The 35-year-old, who was the three-time defending champion, was due to play France's Jo-Wilfried Tsonga in the semi-finals. Federer, who has been plagued by injuries in recent years, expressed his disappointment at having to withdraw from the tournament. "I'm very disappointed that I have to pull out of the Qatar Open," he said. "I was really looking forward to playing in Doha again, but unfortunately my back is not quite ready yet." The withdrawal of Federer means that Tsonga will progress to the final and face the winner of the second semi-final between France's Gael Monfils and the top seed, Rafael Nadal. Nadal, who recently returned to action after a lengthy injury layoff, was beaten in straight sets by Monfils. Meanwhile, in Brisbane, Andy Murray produced an impressive performance to reach the semi-finals of the Brisbane International. The world number one defeated Australia's Jordan Thompson 6-2, 6-4 in their quarter-final match. Murray, who is aiming to win his first Australian Open title later this month, looked in fine form against Thompson. The Scot, who has struggled with injury and form over the past few months, was pleased with his performance. "I was happy with the way I played today," he said. "Jordan is a tough opponent, and I had to play some good tennis to beat him." Murray will now face Bulgaria's Grigor Dimitrov in the semi-finals. Dimitrov, who won the Brisbane International in 2017, defeated Belgium's David Goffin 6-3, 6-2 in his quarter-final match. The other semi-final will see Japan's Kei Nishikori take on France's Jeremy Chardy. Nishikori defeated Australia's Bernard Tomic 6-2, 6-4 in their quarter-final match, while Chardy upset the second seed, Dominic Thiem of Austria, winning 6-2, 6-4. The Brisbane International is seen as a key warm-up event ahead of the Australian Open, which gets underway on 15 January. The tournament is expected to feature all of the world's top players, including Federer and Nadal, as they battle it out for the first Grand Slam title of the year.