article: By . Alex Ward . PUBLISHED: . 05:31 EST, 30 September 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 05:55 EST, 30 September 2013 . Pakistani intelligence officials say a U.S. strike killed four alleged militants in the country’s northwestern tribal area in the town of Datta Khel today. There were also reports from security officials that three people were killed in an attack in the Boya area of North Waziristan, a known Taliban and al-Qaida territory. The Pakistani Government condemned the attack and argued that the drone strikes are counter-productive, cause unnecessary civilian casualties and breach human rights. Drone strike in Pakistan: Intelligence officials say a U.S. strike killed four alleged militants in the northwestern tribal area of the country (file photo) In a statement today they said: ‘These unilateral strikes are a violation of Pakistan's sovereignty and territorial integrity. ‘Pakistan has repeatedly emphasised the importance of bringing an immediate end to drone strikes.’ The Pakistani Taliban claimed responsibility for a double suicide bomb attack in the city of Peshwar, killing 85 people in one of the deadliest attacks on the country's Christian minority earlier this month. Breaching human rights: People protested against the U.S. drone attacks in the North Waziristran area of Pakistan where there has been a number of attacks in the last month . Rumoured: Unconfirmed reports that Mullah Sangeen Zadran, a senior leader in the network, was killed in a drone strike earlier this month . The Pakistani Taliban said it would . continue to target non-Muslims until the US stopped drone attacks in the . country’s remote tribal region. The North Waziristan region is dominated by fighters of the anti-American militant commander Hafiz Gul Bahadur and the Haqqani Network. Both have been known to carry out attacks against NATO troops in neighbouring Afghanistan. The AFP reported that a drone attack which killed three was done by remotely piloted Predators or Reapers operated by CIA. Two missiles were fired at a compound. Earlier this month, four members of the Haqqani Network were killed in a US strike in the Darga Mandi village. Unconfirmed reports said that Mullah Sangeen Zadran, a senior leader in the network, was among the dead. The US has reduced the number of drone strikes in recent months. Condemned attacks: The Pakistani Government argue that the strikes are counter-productive, cause unnecessary civilian casualties and breach human rights .
highlights: Officials say four alleged militants were killed in a remote tribal area . Reports of another drone attack said three people were killed . The Pakistani Government condemned the strikes as counter-productive . The North Waziristan area is a known Taliban and al-Qaida territory .
id: 4fa43190960854a2abf9db68a927a469735f55d7
chatgpt: In a recent strike on a remote tribal area in North Waziristan, four alleged militants were reported to have been killed. The attack was carried out using unmanned aerial vehicles or drones. This development comes in the wake of another drone attack, which reportedly resulted in the deaths of three individuals. These strikes, which have been the subject of much controversy in recent years, have been condemned by the Pakistani government for their counter-productive nature. The government has pointed out that such strikes only serve to keep the cycle of violence going and fail to address the root causes of the problem. North Waziristan is a known Taliban and al-Qaida territory, and authorities have been carrying out operations in the area to root out militants from their hideouts. The use of drones in these operations has been criticized by human rights organizations, who argue that the strikes often result in civilian casualties. Concerns have also been raised over the legality of these strikes, as many argue that they violate international law and the sovereignty of the countries they are targeting. Supporters of drone strikes argue that they are a necessary tool in the fight against terrorism and are only used as a last resort when all other options have failed. The Pakistani government has been working to combat terrorism in the country and has launched various military operations to root out militants. However, these efforts have been criticized for not doing enough to address the underlying issues that have given rise to extremism in the region. In light of these recent strikes, many are questioning the effectiveness of such measures in dealing with the larger problem of terrorism. The government has stressed the need for a comprehensive approach that includes addressing the root causes of extremism and promoting stability in the region. As the debate over the use of drone strikes continues, it remains to be seen what impact these recent incidents will have on the wider fight against terrorism in the region. What is clear, however, is that the situation in North Waziristan and other parts of the country remains volatile and in need of urgent attention.