article: By . Chris Waugh . Follow @@ChrisDHWaugh . He may be one of the coolest men on the planet but James Bond actor Daniel Craig was getting heated as he watched his beloved Liverpool take on Manchester City. The 007 star was watching Brendan Rodgers' men take on City - who pipped them to the Premier League title by just two points - at the Yankee Stadium in New York in a pre-season friendly. And he reacted angrily to some decisions being given against the Reds by gesturing and complaining. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Liverpool v Manchester City highlights . Double act: Daniel Craig visited the Liverpool dressing room and posed with captain Steven Gerrard . Fame: James Bond star Daniel Craig (left) and actor Mike Myers (right) show their support to Liverpool . Dream team: Kenny Dalglish with Daniel Craig and Mike Myers . Unhappy: James Bond star Daniel Craig (centre) gestures during Liverpool against Manchester City . Talkative: Craig (centre) discusses a decision that has gone against his beloved Liverpool . Watching on: Craig was in New York at the Yankee Stadium to watch the pre-season friendly match . Famous faces: Actor Mike Myers (front second right) and Robbie Fowler (front second left) were at the game . VIDEO Liverpool v Manchester City highlights . Selfie: David Villa (left) also attended the game and he took a selfie with fans before the match started . New home: Villa and Frank Lampard have both signed for New York City who will join the MLS in 2015 . Craig later visited the Liverpool dressing room and posed with captain Steven Gerrard after the Anfield side had won 3-1 on penalties following an entertaining 2-2 draw. Gerrard posted on Instagram: 'The main man came in to the game to say hello to the lads.' Former Chelsea midfielder Frank Lampard and ex-Barcelona striker David Villa were also at the game. Both players have recently signed for New York City, who will join the MLS in 2015. Austin Powers and Wayne's World actor Mike Myers also watched the game. Pre-season: Liverpool and Manchester City clashed at the New York Yankee Stadium on Wednesday . VIDEO Pellegrini 'very happy' despite defeat . Clash: The match was part of the second round of group games in the Guinness International Champions Cup .
highlights: Daniel Craig watched on as Liverpool took on Manchester City in New York . He reacted angrily to some decisions being given against Liverpool . They were playing a Guinness International Champions Cup Group B match . He later posed for a picture with Steven Gerrard after visiting the dressing room . New York City's recent signings Frank Lampard and David Villa also attend . Austin Powers and Wayne's World actor Mike Myers also watched the match .
id: 5013d70a695ed1a2afecf3eaa56e2a33e2b9a5bd
chatgpt: British actor Daniel Craig was spotted at the recent Guinness International Champions Cup Group B match between Liverpool and Manchester City in New York. The James Bond star was seen reacting angrily to some of the decisions given against Liverpool during the game. Despite the disappointing outcome, Craig remained a good sport and posed for a picture with Liverpool legend Steven Gerrard after visiting the team’s dressing room. The match, which was held on Wednesday, saw New York City's recent signings Frank Lampard and David Villa in attendance as well. Lampard was particularly excited to be there, cheering on his former club Chelsea who were playing in the other group match against Paris Saint-Germain. The Liverpool vs Manchester City game was a closely contested affair, with both teams putting their best foot forward. However, in the end, Manchester City emerged as the victors with a final score of 4-0. This was a particularly disappointing result for Liverpool fans who were hoping for a better outcome on the day. Despite the loss, it was great to see Daniel Craig showing his support for Liverpool in such an active way. His passion for the game was quite evident, and it was clear that he was invested in the outcome of the match. He was seen engaging with fellow fans throughout the game, and it is safe to say that he had a great time watching some of the best football talent in the world in action. In addition to Craig and the football stars, the match was also attended by some famous faces from the entertainment industry. Austin Powers and Wayne's World actor Mike Myers was seen at the game enjoying the action as well. It was clear that the match brought people from all walks of life together, united in their love for football. In conclusion, the Guinness International Champions Cup Group B match between Liverpool and Manchester City was an exciting affair with plenty of star-power in attendance. Despite the loss, Liverpool fans will undoubtedly feel heartened by the knowledge that they have such passionate support from the likes of Daniel Craig and other footballing icons. With more matches in the pipeline and new signings being announced regularly, the future of football looks incredibly bright indeed.