article: Rep. Kevin McCarthy's election to the No. 2 Republican leadership position in the House was expected by politicos, but this Californian's back story is full of plot twists. Here are five things you might not know about him: . 1. Role model: Actor Kevin Spacey reportedly shadowed McCarthy to prepare for his role as Majority Whip Frank Underwood in the Netflix series "House of Cards." Unlike the duplicitous and murderous Underwood, McCarthy is considered by colleagues to be an affable guy who often invites members to his office to discuss their woes and share takeout food. Still, there are a few similarities. McCarthy once told reporters at the Sacramento Press Club that Underwood's office knickknacks and décor look quite familiar. 2. Funding his future: McCarthy married his high school sweetheart and opened a deli with $5,000 he won in the lottery. According to the Orange County Register, an old menu shows the future politico once served up "fresh Dutch Krunch white rolls every day." He used the money to help pay his way through California State University, Bakersfield. 3. Rapid rise: His political ascent has been meteoric. His boss, former House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Bill Thomas, endorsed the young staffer to replace him in 2006. Since then, he's cruised through every re-election and used his charm, intellect and savvy, friends say, to climb through the House GOP's leadership ranks. Seven years after he first took office, he's now considered the front-runner for the majority leader's job. 4. Workouts and flip-flops: He's a workout buff who, in his spare time, dons the West Coast casual look. At Wednesday's annual softball game between women members of Congress and the media, McCarthy was spotted wearing linen slacks and flip-flops. He reportedly enjoys riding his bike along Rock Creek Park's trails in Washington or working up a sweat to P90X, much like Rep. Paul Ryan, R-Wisconsin. 5. Immigration views could be problematic: Like Rep. Eric Cantor, R-Virginia, the outgoing House majority leader, McCarthy has a nuanced position on immigration that could lead to some showdowns with both conservatives and pro-immigration reform advocates. Businesses in his district depend heavily on immigrant labor to work the fertile farmland. His district is also 35% Hispanic, and pro-immigration organizations have vowed to ramp up the pressure on McCarthy to address reform. Complete coverage of the 2014 midterm elections . House Republicans elect McCarthy to take Cantor's job .
highlights: Kevin McCarthy, R-California, elected by peers as the No. 2 GOP leader in the House . Kevin Spacey reportedly shadowed McCarthy to prep for the lead on "House of Cards" McCarthy once used the $5,000 he won in a lottery to open a deli to help pay for college . His meteoric rise might be hindered by immigration positions .
id: a4207cb0e2a78ed1e88e8416ddcdbe9ee3ab5cc6
chatgpt: Kevin McCarthy, a Republican representative from California, has been elected by his peers as the No. 2 GOP leader in the House. This is a significant promotion for McCarthy, who previously served as the House Majority Leader. His promotion to the position of House Minority Leader comes after his predecessor, Paul Ryan, stepped down from the post. McCarthy's rise within the Republican Party has been meteoric, and he has been the subject of much media attention in recent years. One notable story about McCarthy is that he was reportedly shadowed by actor Kevin Spacey in preparation for the lead role on the hit show "House of Cards." Spacey played the character of Frank Underwood, a character inspired by McCarthy's political career. McCarthy has an interesting background, having grown up in a family of farmers. He used the $5,000 he won in a lottery to open a deli, which helped him pay for college. His humble beginnings are often cited as a reason for his success. Despite his many accomplishments, McCarthy's position on immigration may hinder his future political prospects. Like many Republicans, McCarthy has taken a hard-line stance on immigration, supporting President Trump's efforts to build a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border and cracking down on illegal immigrants. This stance has put him at odds with some members of his own party, who believe that a more moderate approach to immigration is necessary to win elections in diverse districts. Some experts believe that McCarthy's hard-line stance on immigration could harm his chances of becoming Speaker of the House in the future. Despite this potential drawback, McCarthy's election as House Minority Leader is seen as a positive development for the Republican Party. He is widely respected by his colleagues and has been effective at fundraising and building the party's brand. In his new role, McCarthy will be responsible for leading the Republican caucus in the House and working with other party leaders to develop legislative strategies. He will also be a key player in negotiations with Democrats on key issues. Overall, McCarthy's election as the No. 2 GOP leader in the House is a significant development for the Republican Party. While his immigration positions may hinder his future political prospects, his accomplishments and leadership abilities make him a valuable asset to the party. As he takes the reins of the House Minority Leader, many Republicans are optimistic about the future of the party under his leadership.