article: By . Sunni Upal . Follow @@RSUpal . Kobe Bryant is a man used to dominating on a basketball court, and he was up to his old tricks in China. The five-time NBA champion showed no mercy when taking on a fan in a 1-on-1 battle in Shanghai during his tour. Bryant was shown performing some of his signature moves and sinking jump shots on the court, something which he hopes to do more of with the Los Angeles Lakers this season. Scroll down for video . Dominant: Kobe Bryant was up to his old tricks on the basketball court during his tour to the Far East . Group hug: The five-time NBA champion poses with fans at a Nike event in Shanghai . In action: The basketball superstar took on fans on the court in Shanghai during an event . Check out these shoes: Bryant is hoping to bounce back next season after knee injury . Ambition: The 35-year-old will want to help the Lakers turn their poor 2013-14 campaign around . The 35-year-old is pleased to be healthy again after seeing his last year ruined by a knee injury. But Bryant is ready to bounce back in the 2014-15 campaign as the Lakers begin a new era under recently appointed head coach Byron Scott. Speaking last month in Brazil, when he attended the World Cup, Bryant said: 'I'm 100 per cent'. The Lakers finished an abject 2013-14 campaign bottom of the Western Conference's Pacific division with a record of 27-55.
highlights: Lakers superstar showed no mercy on court with fans . Bryant hoping to bounce back next season after knee injury . 35-year-old says he is healthy again and ready for new campaign . Los Angeles Lakers finished with 27-55 record last season in Kobe's absence .
id: e8bec9c9065b670e2d7478dcb19dd4c44ab37397
chatgpt: Los Angeles Lakers superstar, Kobe Bryant, made no friends on the court during a recent game, showing no mercy to adoring fans. The Lakers legend has been laying low since injuring his knee last season, but he is now eager to make a comeback. Bryant was out for most of last season, recovering from surgery to repair a torn Achilles tendon, which he suffered in April 2013. His absence put a significant strain on the Lakers as they struggled to a 27-55 record, their worst in franchise history. Now, the 35-year-old is feeling confident and healthy again, ready to lead the Lakers back to glory. "I'm feeling good and I'm ready for the new campaign," said Bryant. "I've been working hard and I'm excited to get back out there." Despite his injury, Bryant still managed to average 13.8 points, 4.3 rebounds, and 6.3 assists per game over six in-season games. This bodes well for his return, as the Lakers will need his scoring and leadership if they hope to improve on their record. Bryant's intensity on the court is nothing new, as he has always been a fierce competitor. However, his tunnel-vision focus on winning has sometimes led to clashes with teammates and coaches. This time around, though, Bryant seems determined to put team success first. "I'm ready to work with these guys and help build a winning culture again in LA," he said. With Kobe back on the floor, the Lakers will surely turn some heads next season. Fans will be eager to see how the superstar bounces back from his injury and how he leads his team to victory.