article: (CNN) -- A New Jersey grand jury handed down a 17-count indictment Thursday accusing a man and his female friend with shooting and killing the man's wife -- and also shooting the man himself, in what prosecutors say was an attempt to blame a murder on "terrorists." Kashif Parvaiz, 26, and Antoinette Stephen, 27, were indicted in Morris County Superior Court in the 2011 death of 27-year-old Nazish Norrani, Parvaiz's wife. The victim was shot to death, and Parvaiz was shot four times, as the couple pushed a stroller carrying their 3-year-old son during a nighttime walk. The child was unharmed. The killing occurred while the couple was visiting Norrani's family to celebrate the Muslim holy month of Ramadan. Morris County Prosecutor Robert A. Bianchi said at a news conference shortly after the killing that the fact that Noorani, a Muslim, was killed during the holy month of Ramadan "made this case especially compelling to us." A release from the prosecutor's office said that while being treated for his wounds, which were not life-threatening, Parvaiz had described the shooters as three men who shouted "slurs about terrorists" at the couple before fleeing on foot. But within hours of the crime, investigators believed "it was obvious" the victim's husband was behind the attack, Bianchi said. Noorani had sent text messages to her brother describing escalating hostility and abuse in her marriage, the affidavit says, warning that "someday u will find me dead but its cuz (sic) of kashi ... He wants to kill me." And according to an affidavit filed in the case, Parvaiz subsequently told police he arranged for Stephen to kill his wife and wound him while the couple was out for a walk on August 16, 2011. The indictment also charges the pair with conspiracy and unlawful possession of a weapon in addition to child endangerment and child abuse because the 3-year-old had been in jeopardy. "This case was extensively investigated with witnesses interviewed and significant evidence gathered in numerous states. We now look forward to presenting our proofs in court and again extend our sympathies to Nazish Noorani's family for such a tragic and senseless loss," Bianchi said Thursday. Attempts to reach the attorneys for Parvaiz and Stephen were unsuccessful Thursday. According to the prosecutor's office, if convicted, they could be sentenced to life without parole.
highlights: A Muslim woman was shot and killed in 2011 while she was walking with her spouse . Her husband, who was wounded, first said assailants shouted "slurs about terrorists" Authorities say the husband later told police he had arranged the shooting . A grand jury Thursday indicted the husband and a female friend .
id: 3932a9733394271163667e3a73b2e907a1736a5d
chatgpt: A shocking tragedy that occurred nine years ago has resurfaced, as a grand jury has indicted a man and a female friend in connection with the death of his wife. The victim, a Muslim woman, was walking with her spouse in 2011 when she was shot and killed. At the time of the shooting, the husband had told authorities that the assailants had shouted "slurs about terrorists" before firing at the couple. However, investigators later discovered evidence that suggested the husband may have arranged the shooting himself. According to court records, the husband's story changed over time. He initially claimed that he did not recognize the attackers, but later told police that he had arranged for a friend to carry out the shooting. The friend in question was also indicted by the grand jury on Thursday. The case is a tragic example of how hate and prejudice can lead people to do unspeakable things. Muslims have long faced discrimination and harassment in the United States, and incidents of violence against members of the community have been on the rise in recent years. The indictment of the husband and his friend underscores the importance of thorough and unbiased investigations into hate crimes. Too often, victims of hate crimes are not taken seriously by law enforcement, and their cases go unsolved. In this case, it was only through the diligent work of investigators that the truth about what happened to the Muslim woman was uncovered. While it cannot undo the harm that was done, the indictment of those responsible sends a message that hate and violence will not be tolerated in our society. The family of the victim has understandably been through a great deal of pain and suffering over the past nine years. No one should have to experience the loss of a loved one in such a senseless and brutal way. As the case moves forward, it is our hope that justice will be served and that the memory of the Muslim woman who was taken from us too soon will be honored. It is also our hope that this case will serve as a wake-up call to all Americans about the dangers of hate and prejudice, and the need to work together to build a more just and equitable society for all.