article: By . Chris Pleasance . The Italian navy rescued nearly 500 people, including more than 100 children, in an all-night operation yesterday as the immigrants tried to cross from Africa into Europe. The operation began as 133 children along with 74 women were brought aboard two navy vessels Monday evening from two fishing boats tethered together off Sicily. The rescue then had to be suspended due to rough waters, the navy said. The remaining migrants, 281 men, were thrown life preservers and rescued on Tuesday. More than 100 children, including babies, were rescued from the boat. Save the Children have warned that an increasing number of youngster are being sent across unaccompanied . Nearly 500 migrants, more than 133 of them children, have been rescued from a boat in the Mediterranean . The illegal immigrants, most of whom were from Syria, Egypt and Bangladesh, were trying to cross from Africa into Europe along an an infamous route which has seen many killed . Most were from Syria, Egypt and Bangladesh, the navy said. The Save the Children charity has expressed concern about the large number of unaccompanied minors arriving in this year's surge of migrants fleeing conflict and poverty, usually aboard dangerous boats. While most children under 10 who arrive in Italy are with family, many adolescents are traveling alone. Save the Children says there is enough enough space or equipment to house and protect them. There has been an enormous jump this year in the number of migrants trying to cross the Mediterranean Sea to Europe. The Italian Navy stepped in to help as part of operation Mare Nostrum which was set up to save migrants after the Lampedusa disaster which saw 366 people drown . Charity Save the Children expressed concern at the rising number of unaccompanied children on such boats . Of the 26,644 migrants who arrived in Italy through April 30 this year, 3,848 were children and 2,744 of those were unaccompanied. That compares with 3,362 arrivals in the same period last year, including 522 unaccompanied minors and 58 children with families. The U.N. estimates that over 170 people have died at sea trying to reach Europe so far this year. Italy launched patrols of the Mediterranean after several hundred people drown in a single shipwreck off the Italian island of Lampedusa last year. The desperate refugees make the dangerous crossing as they flee famine and war in their home countries . The country has warned that it may allow migrants to travel into northern Europe unless it receives help dealing with an influx of people fleeing war and famine in their home countries. 'We'll just let them go,' he said. 'Since migrants do not want to stay in Italy, they should have the opportunity to exercise their right of political asylum in the rest of Europe. 'Otherwise we transform Italy into the prison of political refugees.'
highlights: Nearly 500 illegal immigrants have been rescued from Mediterranean . Desperate refugees were making crossing from Africa into Europe . 133 of them were children, many of whom were unaccompanied . Majority of children to make crossing this year were without parents . Save the Children warn there are not enough resources to care for them .
id: 41561052217be2cc8d27b86fb56b43ec83f42e6e
chatgpt: In a dramatic rescue mission in the Mediterranean, nearly 500 illegal immigrants were saved from dangerous and overcrowded boats that were attempting to cross from Africa into Europe. The refugees, who were desperate to escape poverty, violence and persecution, were headed towards Italy and Spain when they were intercepted by rescue teams. The migrants, who mostly hailed from African nations such as Libya, Nigeria, and Cameroon, included 133 children, several of whom were unaccompanied. The rescue operation, which was carried out by the Spanish, Italian and Maltese navies, was one of the largest of its kind this year. According to the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), the number of people attempting to reach Europe through the Mediterranean has gone up in recent months due to worsening conditions in North Africa and the Middle East. The UNHCR reported that most of the children who attempted to cross the Mediterranean this year were without their parents, leaving them particularly vulnerable to abuse, exploitation and trafficking. In fact, according to the children's charity Save the Children, there are simply not enough resources available to provide the necessary care for these unaccompanied minors. The charity has also voiced concerns about the mental health of these children, who have suffered traumatic experiences in their home countries and during their journeys to Europe. Save the Children has called on European governments to do more to help these vulnerable children, who are often left to fend for themselves in unfamiliar and dangerous environments. The rescue operation has brought to light once again the urgent need for a coordinated and compassionate response to the global refugee crisis. The UNHCR has reported that as of August 2021, there were over 82 million people forcibly displaced worldwide. Many of these people are living in overcrowded and unsanitary camps, with limited access to food, water, and medical care. In response to the crisis, European leaders have pledged to work together to create a comprehensive and humane approach to migration, which includes increasing legal pathways for refugees to enter Europe, as well as tackling the root causes of displacement in their home countries. Despite the challenges, however, there are still many inspiring examples of compassion and humanity towards refugees. The Italian navy, for example, has been involved in numerous rescue missions in the Mediterranean over the years, saving the lives of thousands of people who were at risk of drowning. As the world continues to grapple with the refugee crisis, it is imperative that nations work together to create a more inclusive and equitable society. Only then can we ensure that everyone, regardless of their background or status, has access to the same basic human rights and freedoms.