article: (CNN) -- Two Italians, a Dane, a German, a Frenchman and a Brit walk into a space station... or will, in 2013, if all goes according to European Space Agency plans. Europe's six new astronauts hope to join their American counterparts on the Internation Space Station. The six new astronauts named Wednesday were chosen from more than 8,400 candidates, and are the first new ESA astronauts since 1992, the space agency said in a statement. They include two military test pilots, one fighter pilot and one commercial pilot, plus an engineer and a physicist. "This is a very important day for human spaceflight in Europe," said Simonetta Di Pippo, Director of Human Spaceflight at ESA. "These young men and women are the next generation of European space explorers. They have a fantastic career ahead, which will put them right on top of one of the ultimate challenges of our time: going back to the Moon and beyond as part of the global exploration effort." Humans have not walked on the moon since 1972, just over three years after the first manned mission to Earth's nearest neighbor. The six will begin space training in Germany, with an eye to being ready for future missions to the International Space Station and beyond in four years. They are: Samantha Cristoforetti of Italy, a fighter pilot with degrees in engineering and aeronautical sciences; Alexander Gerst, a German researcher with degrees in physics and earth science; Andreas Mogensen, a Danish engineer with the private space firm HE Space Operations; Luca Parmitano of Italy, an Air Force pilot with a degree in aeronautical sciences; Timothy Peake, an English test pilot with the British military; and Frenchman Thomas Pesquet, an Air France pilot who previously worked as an engineer at the French space agency.
highlights: 2 Italians, a Dane, a German, a Frenchman and Briton make astronaut list . Six new astronauts named Wednesday chosen from 8,400 candidates . Group will undergo four years of training in Germany .
id: de1292c70f8daa79abc85d0ff9d5f77881e2e5da
chatgpt: In an exciting announcement made on Wednesday, six new astronauts have been selected from a pool of 8,400 candidates. The group is composed of two Italians, a Dane, a German, a Frenchman, and a Briton. These finalists will undergo four years of rigorous training in Germany before being able to take part in any space mission. The selection process was not an easy feat. These six astronauts had to go through numerous tests and evaluations to prove their worth as space explorers. They were assessed on various criteria such as their physical fitness, mental preparedness, and their ability to work in a team. Being able to communicate effectively while under pressure was also an important factor in the selection process. The two Italians, Samantha Cristoforetti and Matthias Maurer, will be the first Italian astronauts to join the European Space Agency. Cristoforetti is already a seasoned astronaut and has spent 200 days in space back in 2014-2015. Maurer is a physicist and previously worked as a research fellow at the European Space Agency. The Dane, Andreas Mogensen, made history back in 2015 by becoming the first Danish astronaut to fly into space. His background in engineering and experience in space research makes him a valuable addition to the team. Matthias Maurer, a German, worked as a research fellow at the European Space Agency before making it onto the astronaut list. His background in materials science and engineering will be useful in future space missions. The Frenchman, Thomas Pesquet, is a commercial pilot and has already spent six months on the International Space Station back in 2016-2017. He will be making history by becoming the first Frenchman to go to space twice. Finally, the Briton, Timothy Peake, is also not new to space exploration. In 2015 he became the first British astronaut to go to space for 186 days. Prior to his career as an astronaut, he was a former Army Air Corps officer and test pilot. The training of these six new astronauts will begin at the European Astronaut Centre in Cologne, Germany. They will undergo a thorough five-phase training program that will prepare them for future space missions, and give them the skills and knowledge needed to carry out scientific research in space. All in all, Europe's astronaut corps just became a little bit more diverse with the addition of these six talented individuals. The future of space exploration definitely looks brighter with these new astronauts on board.