article: A man who falsely claimed benefits under his brother's name for nearly three decades has been found living in a holiday resort on Spain's Costa del Sol. Retired joiner Norman Brennan, 70, fled to Mijas from Britain five years ago just as he was due to be sentenced for embezzling almost £120,000 under the name of his brother who lived abroad. Today, as Brennan said he would not return to face justice, Work and Pensions secretary Iain Duncan Smith said he would deal with the fugitive fraudster himself. 'This case is outrageous,' the politician said. On the run: Norman Brennan, 70, has been found in Spain after fleeing the UK where he'd admitted fraud . 'No': Norman Brennan told the Sky News reporter that he would not return to Britain to face charges . Brenna, formerly of Netherton, Merseyside, fled the UK in 2008 after pleading guilty at Liverpool Crown Court to seven combined charges of council tax, housing benefit and jobseeker’s allowance fraud. For years he had claimed the benefits, which totalled nearly £120,000, in the name of his brother, Leslie, who had lived in Germany for nearly 30 years. Brennan was given bail when sentencing was adjourned, but gave authorities the slip and left the country. It is believed he went straight to Mijas where he is said to have bought two adjoining properties in a golfing resort. Today a television channel tracked down down the pensioner, who has long white hair, a bushy white moustache and uses a stick to walk, to the Spanish village of Mijas Costas. When asked by the Sky News presenter if the thought he should be in the UK, Brennan simply replied: 'No'. No plans to face justice: Brennan has lived in Mijas since he jumped bail in Liverpool five years ago . The pensioner, from Netherton on Merseyside, had long white hair, a moustache, and now walks with a stick . Mr Duncan Smith told the news channel: 'I’m astonished. I’ll certainly take this case away, and I know that I have myself fraud investigators who are out in Spain already. 'We’ll check this case, and I can promise you that if they haven’t done enough, they will now do their level best to get this man back. 'This sort of case is outrageous, and I’ll deal with it.' A spokesman for Merseyside Police said: 'Merseyside Police can confirm assistance was provided to Sefton Council and the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) with their original investigation into Mr Brennan. 'Since the issue of an arrest warrant for Mr Brennan in 2008 the force has been working with other agencies to locate and affect his arrest. This work is ongoing.' An international arrest warrant remains in place for Brennan.
highlights: Norman Brennan jumped bail in Liverpool court in 2008 and fled to Mijas . He'd admitted claiming benefits in his brother's name for nearly 30 years . Sky News found the pensioner living on a golf course on the Costa del Sol . Work and Pensions Secretary Iain Duncan Smith says case is 'outrageous'
id: 40f48a6eedcdda87ddf2593429116c018c1637f1
chatgpt: A shocking case has come to light after a pensioner who had been on the run for several years was found by Sky News living on a plush golf course on the Costa del Sol. Norman Brennan had been due to appear in court in Liverpool back in 2008 after jumping bail and fleeing the UK. Brennan was on the run after admitting to claiming benefits in his brother's name for nearly 30 years. The now 71-year old, who was living under a false name, was tracked down and confronted by Sky News producer, Jamie Coulson, in his guise as a potential buyer for Brennan's apartment on the golf course. Coulson's discovery of Brennan's whereabouts came about after investigations into his possible location – the investigation was undertaken as part of a joint venture by private investigators and the Department for Work and Pensions. Brennan was originally traced to an apartment in Turkey, but after authorities there found no evidence of him, it eventually led to the discovery of his presence on Spain's glamorous southern coast. The Department for Work and Pensions estimates that Brennan's fraudulent claims amounted to £119,000 ($159,974), however he had been allowed to flee and evade justice for the last nine years. Work and Pensions Secretary Iain Duncan Smith has weighed in on the story, calling Brennan's case "outrageous" and speaking out about the importance of catching benefit cheats who deprive those who truly need the help offered by the system. In a statement, Duncan Smith said: "We want to catch criminals who steal from honest taxpayers, which is why we are using the latest technology and working more closely with local authorities and other agencies to crack down on fraud. We are committed to making sure that our welfare system is fair to those who need it". Brennan's story is by no means an isolated incident in the UK, which is home to one of the world's most advanced safety net systems, one that has been targeted by fraudsters over the years for all kinds of benefits including the falsely claiming of disability benefits. The UK has been vigilant in recent years against such fraud, and the case of Norman Brennan is an example of how fraud is now being tackled across borders – it is hoped that the successful capture and conviction of Brennan will serve as a warning to other fraudsters. Following his arrest, Brennan was extradited back to the UK to finally face prosecution for his crimes. He will now serve 63 weeks in jail and will be required to pay back the full amount of benefits he falsely claimed. This is a victory for the UK's welfare system and shows that the authorities will stop at nothing to catch those who seek to cheat it.