article: (CNN) -- After divesting from luxury brands purchased in Europe, the Ford Motor Co. is revamping its Lincoln car line to try to recapture the prestige -- and market share -- of the past. "We had purchased Aston Martin and Jaguar and Landover and Volvo, and we had decreased our investment in Lincoln," Ford CEO Alan Mulally told CNN's Richard Quest. "With our One Ford Plan in 2006, we decided to have a laser focus not only on the Ford brand but Lincoln. We continued to invest in the toughest times and the MKZ is our first proof point of a new line of luxury Lincoln vehicles." Ford announced Monday it is renaming its Lincoln division as the Lincoln Motor Co. Lincoln is not being spun off into an altogether separate carmaker, notes CNNMoney's Peter Valdes-Dapena, but Ford wants to give it greater separation from the more mass market Ford "blue oval" brand. Lincoln have has its own product development team, designers and salespeople. The all-new MKZ is due to hit the market soon. "As you know the Lincoln has been part of the Ford Motor Co. for nearly 90 years and its always been known for elegant styling and design, inside and out, and also very useful and exciting technology and innovation," Mulally told Quest. Ford was able to avoid the bailouts required to keep U.S. competitors General Motors and Chrysler afloat after an aggressive restructuring that began in 2006, before the financial crisis struck. But the carmaker has been hit of late by the slowdown in the eurozone. The company announced in October the closure of two plants in England and one in Belgium in the next two years, which together employed 5,700 workers. "We are moving very decisively on our better plan to serve the European customers both with a more complete family of best in class vehicles that we describe, but also taking the actions on the productivity and the utilization of our facilities," Mulally said. "It's going to take us a couple years to do that, we know how to do it, everybody watched us do it in the United States." Mulally, who has been among the U.S. CEOs who have met with President Obama on the looming U.S. fiscal cliff, says he's optimistic the talks will avert crisis. "The last few weeks has really centered on discussion about not only the fiscal cliff, which needs to deal with the revenue side but also the expense side, is what do we do to create the environment where businesses can grow, can be more competitive, to provide the economic expansion that we all want," he said. "I might also add that we are very encouraged by the ongoing dialogue in Europe on the same subject, because clearly we're in a recession in Europe and pulling together around a compelling vision to facilitate economic growth is what's most important for all of us."
highlights: The Ford Motor Co. is revamping its Lincoln car line to try to recapture past prestige . Ford announced Monday it is renaming its Lincoln division as the Lincoln Motor Co. Building up Lincoln after divesting of investments in Aston Martin and other luxury brands . CEO Mulally optimistic that U.S. fiscal cliff negotiations will be sucessful .
id: 0e17219242f562b21a3312ee1b1588334daa870f
chatgpt: Dear readers, In an effort to recapture its former prestige, the Ford Motor Co. has announced that it is revamping its Lincoln car line. To reinforce this move, Ford further revealed on Monday that it is rebranding the Lincoln division as the Lincoln Motor Co. This shift comes in the wake of Ford selling off its investments in other luxury brands, such as Aston Martin. Instead, Ford is focusing on building up Lincoln and reclaiming the brand's reputation for quality and luxury. "The name change is the next step in our plan to elevate Lincoln and its fresh new lineup," said Ford President Jim Farley. In recent years, Lincoln has struggled to compete with other high-end automakers like Mercedes-Benz and BMW. However, this new strategy and investment could see the brand once again become a major player in the luxury car market. "Lincoln is about more than selling cars. It's about providing an effortless ownership experience with thoughtful, personal service," said Joy Falotico, president of Lincoln Motor Company. "We look forward to continuing to deliver on that promise to our clients." Ford's CEO Alan Mulally is optimistic about the future of the automotive industry, despite the ongoing challenges presented by the COVID-19 pandemic and economic uncertainty. He is also hopeful that negotiations regarding the U.S. fiscal cliff will be successful. "I'm convinced that even with what's going on in Washington, the future is going to be great for our country," Mulally said. "We're going to get through this with our government, our policies, and our people. So, we're planning for the future and we're investing in our cars, and we're just getting ready to help contribute to the recovery of the auto industry." Ford is investing heavily in electric and autonomous vehicles, as well as advanced technologies such as artificial intelligence, to stay ahead of the curve in a rapidly changing industry. These investments are part of Mulally's vision to create a safer, more connected, and more sustainable world for everyone. With these changes, Ford and its Lincoln Motor Company are poised to make an impact in the auto industry, delivering exceptional quality and luxury to car buyers around the world. We look forward to seeing the brand's future success in the years to come. Thank you for reading.