article: By . Mail Online Reporter . and Associated  Press Reporter . New York City's Naked Cowboy may have met his match. San Francisco Board of Supervisors candidate George Davis stripped . buck naked in Times Square on Wednesday to campaign for the right to be . nude in public. Davis spoke out against a 2013 San Francisco public nudity ban . introduced by his opponent, Scott Wiener. Scroll down for video . George Davis walked through Times Square in the nude after giving a speech Wednesday on behalf of nudity as public expression . Davis spoke out against a 2013 San Francisco public nudity ban that was introduced by his opponent, Scott Wiener, saying nudity is a freedom of expression . He says nudity is a form of . expression. After Davis' speech he conducted interviews stark naked. Then he . walked to where artist Andy Golub was body-painting another naked man. Times Square Batmans and Elmos and other onlookers gawked, laughed . and took photos while moving out of Davis' way. One man loudly read . Bible passages. Times Square Batmans and Elmos and other onlookers gawked, laughed and took photos while moving out of Davis' way . Davis ran for mayor in 2007 and for District 10 supervisor in 2010. He has been arrested twice for public nudity. He was detained last year at a demonstration in San Francisco protesting an ordinance banning public nudity. In that incident, the SF Gate quoted Davis as he was taken into a police van: 'Freedom of expression is dead in this country.'
highlights: George Davis is running for the San Francisco Board of Supervisors . Spoke out against 2013 public nudity ban in San Francisco spearheaded by his opponent, Scott Wiener . Believes nudity is a form of expression .
id: ae3cc8701a34d7a4fcc59ae8abd727d366109d90
chatgpt: George Davis, a San Francisco resident, has announced that he is running for the San Francisco Board of Supervisors. During his campaign, Davis is shining a light on a controversial issue that has divided the city in the past: public nudity.  In 2013, Scott Wiener spearheaded a new law that banned public nudity in San Francisco. This move angered many people who objected to the suppression of their freedom of expression. Davis was one of those people, and he spoke out against the ban at the time.  Now, as Davis campaigns for a spot on the Board of Supervisors, he is once again calling attention to the issue of public nudity. Davis believes that nudity is a form of expression and that people should have the right to express themselves freely in public spaces.  Of course, not everyone agrees with Davis's point of view. Some people argue that public nudity is indecent and inappropriate in certain settings, such as in front of schools or in busy tourist areas. Scott Wiener himself has defended the 2013 ban, saying that it was necessary in order to preserve public decency and protect children from exposure to adult themes.  Despite this controversy, Davis is determined to make his case to the people of San Francisco. He argues that the city should be a place where people can express themselves freely and openly, without fear of being criminalized or marginalized. If he is elected to the Board of Supervisors, Davis plans to use his position to promote policies that support personal expression and individual freedom.  As the campaign heats up, it remains to be seen whether Davis's message will resonate with enough voters to get him elected. However, he has already succeeded in bringing attention to an important issue that affects many people in San Francisco and beyond.