article: By . John Drayton . Samuel Eto'o has labelled Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho a 'puppet' and again hit out at his detractors regarding his age. The 33-year-old Cameroon striker made the reference to Mourinho after previously describing his boss as a 'fool' in comments which are almost certain to signal his departure from Stamford Bridge. Eto'o told the Confederation of African Football website: 'Contrary to what a puppet says about my age, I am still physically fit. VIDEO Scroll down for Samuel Eto'o claiming Jose Mourinho's motivational skills are unique . Take that: Samuel Eto'o hit back at Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho after comments surrounding his age . 'At 33, I feel real good. I have proven that I could do better than youths.' Mourinho was caught on camera making unguarded comments suggesting Eto'o was older than his official age earlier this season. Eto'o, who scored 12 times for Chelsea, celebrated his next goal by mimicking a geriatric and repeated his aim is to continue playing at the top level in Europe. 'And I wish to also say that I am not going to the United States or to the Middle East,' said Eto'o, who is out of contract at Stamford Bridge following a season-long deal after leaving Anzhi Makhachkala. 'I will continue at the top level. I will continue to play the Champions League. 'My romance with this competition is far from over. 'I will not tell you where, but I will be at the top level. I am 33 and I have two World Cups to play. 'Before me there are other players who went on until the age of 41. So I can continue.' Defying his age: Eto'o scored plenty of goals for Chelsea last season - out-performing those younger than him . Mockery: Eto'o does his 'geriatric' celebration after scoring against Tottenham . Blunt and to the point: Mourinho was branded a 'fool' by the Cameroonian striker earlier this month .
highlights: Cameroonian striker hit out at Mourinho . Chelsea manager suggested he was older than player's official age . Eto'o revealed he will move to a Champions League club this summer .
id: 85fadc0f827928014e0c6e9e041d0800d894bc82
chatgpt: Experienced Cameroonian striker Samuel Eto'o has made headlines after speaking out about Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho in a recent interview. The 33-year-old player hit out at Mourinho's suggestion that he was actually older than his official age, calling it "a joke" in an interview with beIN Sports. Eto'o has had a successful career in football, having played for big-name clubs such as Barcelona, Inter Milan and Chelsea. Despite his impressive track record, the player has regularly faced criticism throughout his career over his age. In the interview, Eto'o revealed that he will be departing Chelsea this summer to play for a different team in the Champions League, but did not disclose his next destination. However, the striker did confirm that he has plenty of offers on the table and is excited to embark on his next adventure in the football world. It's not the first time Eto'o has clashed with Mourinho, previously criticising the Chelsea manager's tactics and team selection. However, this latest dispute appears to have stemmed from Mourinho's comments about Eto'o's age, which the striker found offensive. "I am Samuel Eto'o, what do you want me to do? I scored 21 goals last year and it's not bad for a player of my age," Eto'o said in the interview. "I am 33 years old, but I am not 35 or 36, so he [Mourinho] should respect his players." Eto'o went on to express his disappointment that someone in Mourinho's position would make such comments, especially in light of the amazing success Eto'o has had throughout his career. He also remained sanguine about his future, promising to continue to work hard and prove that age is just a number in football. As Eto'o prepares to embark on a new adventure with a Champions League club, fans and pundits alike will no doubt be watching closely to see where he lands next. Whether he will continue to make headlines remains to be seen, but there is little doubt that he will continue to be a force to be reckoned with on the pitch.