article: By . Simon Walters . PUBLISHED: . 19:44 EST, 15 December 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 19:45 EST, 15 December 2012 . Light-hearted: Environment Secretary Owen Paterson joked that Tory traditionalists are uneasy about gay rights because 'biddies don't like botties' A Cabinet Minister who is opposed to David Cameron’s plan to allow same-sex marriages has light-heartedly said Tory traditionalists are uneasy about gay rights because ‘biddies don’t like botties’. Environment Secretary Owen Paterson is among more than  100 Conservative MPs opposed to giving gays and lesbians the same rights to marry as heterosexual couples. Wealthy Right-winger Mr Paterson, married to aristocrat’s daughter Rose Ridley, is known for his outspoken views. He is a diehard opponent of Brussels and wind farms and a vociferous supporter of foxhunting. He has long been sceptical about gay rights and expresses his views in colourful terms privately. Summing up why older members of the Tory faithful oppose measures such as gay marriage, Mr Paterson quipped: ‘It’s simple – biddies don’t like botties.’ The comment has shocked some more liberal-minded Conservative MPs but provocative Mr Paterson revels in repeating it to others. A source close to the Cabinet Minister said: ‘Owen has no problem with the big strides made in improving equality for gays and lesbians. But he thinks same-sex marriage is a step too far. ‘He believes the Government ought to be concentrating on the economy and Europe instead of obsessing with gay rights. And most ordinary members of the Tory Party agree with him. They don’t want their leaders endlessly going on about gays.’ The scale of the Tory revolt over the issue was underlined last night when Wellingborough MP Peter Bone warned: ‘It is by no means impossible that David Cameron could be brought down as Conservative leader by his gay marriage plans. ‘He is completely out of step with the mainstream of his party.’ To add to the Tory disarray, Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg will tomorrow denounce Tory ‘fantasists’ who oppose gay marriage. Criticised: Paterson is opposed to giving gays the same rights to marry as heterosexuals. David Cameron has faced criticism from some within the Conservative party over the plans . In a keynote speech to mark his five years as Liberal Democrat leader, Mr Clegg will say: ‘The Tory Right dreams of a fantasy world where we can pretend the world hasn’t moved on, oppose equal marriage and refuse to accept the verdict of the British people by pretending the Conservatives won a majority at the last Election.’ And in a leaked email, Lib Dem Minister Lynne Featherstone boasted Mr Clegg forced reluctant Tory Ministers to introduce gay marriage laws. ‘I am so proud of our party because – don’t let anyone fool you – it’s because of Liberal Democrats that this is happening,’ she said in an email to Lib Dem MPs.
highlights: Environment Secretary Owen Paterson says 'biddies don't like botties' He is among more than 100 Tory MPs opposed to same-sex marriage . Source said: 'He thinks same-sex marriage is a step too far'
id: 81bbfcb1f1dba6ccdb291209d298164e4b4e8d88
chatgpt: Environment Secretary Owen Paterson is reportedly among over 100 Conservative MPs who are opposed to same-sex marriage. The reason? According to a source, Paterson believes that "biddies don't like botties," indicating that he thinks that same-sex marriage is not widely accepted by older voters. Paterson's comments are drawing criticism from those who support marriage equality. Many are arguing that his words are offensive and demonstrate a lack of understanding about the complexities of the issue. Some have suggested that Paterson's opposition to same-sex marriage may stem from a belief that it will have negative consequences for the environment, an area in which he holds a high-profile position. Despite the growing criticism, Paterson has stood by his position. Speaking to reporters, he reiterated his belief that same-sex marriage is "a step too far" and that it goes against traditional values that have been held for generations. However, many of Paterson's colleagues do not share his view. A number of prominent Conservatives, including Prime Minister David Cameron, have come out in support of same-sex marriage. In addition, a growing number of MPs from across the political spectrum are calling for equal marriage rights for all. For many, the issue of same-sex marriage is a matter of basic human rights. Supporters argue that denying same-sex couples the right to marry is discriminatory and amounts to a form of segregation. They point to the growing number of countries around the world that have legalized same-sex marriage and argue that the UK needs to catch up with the rest of the world. Opponents of same-sex marriage, like Paterson, argue that marriage is a sacred institution that should be preserved in its traditional form. They worry that allowing same-sex couples to marry will undermine the institution of marriage and lead to social decay. As the debate over same-sex marriage continues to rage, it's clear that there are deeply held, conflicting views on the issue. While Paterson and other Conservative MPs may be opposed to equal marriage rights, there are many others who feel passionately that it's time for the UK to embrace marriage equality. Regardless of the outcome, however, it's clear that this issue is not going away anytime soon. In the coming months and years, the battle for marriage equality will continue to be fought, both inside and outside of Parliament. And as the country grapples with the issue, it's likely that tempers will continue to flare and passions will continue to run high.