article: By . Amanda Williams . Culture secretary Maria Miller is rolling out a 'guide for girls' information pack for parents in order to help them bring up 'aspirational young women' The Government is set to produce a 'guide for girls' information pack for parents in order to help them bring up 'aspirational young women'. The packs will include information on education and career choices for young women to help them 'realise their potential'. The campaign is being rolled out by women's minister and culture secretary Maria Miller amid concerns that today's girls and young women are lacking in ambition. The packs are being produced in response to recommendations from the Women's Business Council (WBC), which was set up last year to advise government on what more can be . done to maximise women's contribution to economic growth. The number of women chief executives listed in the FTSE 100 has fallen in the past year. Just three women head large London-listed firms, the Observer reports. In a report set to be published on Tuesday the WBC is expected to say that a key task is to 'broaden girls' aspirations and job choices before the start of their working lives'. It also says increasing the number of women in the workforce could help stimulate economic growth by as much as 0.5 per cent a year. The report says that if women were setting up businesses at the same rate as men, there could be as many as 1 million more female entrepreneurs. Ms Miller told the Observer that ensuring women are successful at work and in business is essential for a strong economy. She added: 'Encouraging women to fulfil their potential doesn't begin when they are already working; it starts when they are young, still at school. The packs will include information on education and career choices for young women to help them 'realise their potential' A vital part of future career success is the aspirations that girls have early in their lives, and the choices they make about subjects and qualifications. 'Parents are vital in helping girls make these choices, and we know that many parents want help with that. ' The government wants there to be 25 per cent female representation in FTSE 100 boardrooms by 2015. However, progress has been slow - currently just 5.6 per cent of FTSE 100 directors are women. If the target is not reached, business secretary Vince Cable has threatened to impose quotas for women in the boardroom.
highlights: Packs will include information on education and career choices . Campaign is being rolled out by women's minister Maria Miller . Comes amid concerns that today's young women are lacking in ambition .
id: f12b73101cdd5656550670e31e787428c19178da
chatgpt: Women's Minister, Maria Miller, has launched a new campaign to address concerns that young women lack ambition in education and career choices. The campaign will include packs of information aimed at inspiring young women to aim high and pursue their dreams.  In recent years, it has been noted that today's young women are not as ambitious as their mothers were at the same age. Miller believes that this lack of ambition is holding young women back from achieving their full potential. Through the campaign, she hopes to empower women to aim higher and achieve their career goals.  The packs being distributed will include a range of information, from job profiles to educational choices, and will be distributed through schools, colleges and job centres. The aim is to give young women a better understanding of the opportunities available to them and to provide them with the confidence to make informed decisions about their futures. Miller commented on the campaign, saying "We need to help young women believe that the sky is the limit when it comes to education and career choices. There is no reason why they can't aim for the top jobs in their chosen field, and we want to ensure they have access to the information and support they need to do just that." The campaign has been welcomed by various groups and organisations, including the National Union of Students (NUS). NUS Women's Officer, Rachel Wenstone, said "It's vital that young women have access to the information they need to make informed decisions about their futures. This campaign will help them do just that, and we look forward to working with the Minister to ensure its success." Others, however, have criticised the campaign, arguing that it fails to take into account the financial and social barriers that many young women face when trying to pursue their ambitions. They argue that without proper support and funding, many young women will still struggle to achieve their goals, regardless of how motivated they may be. Despite these criticisms, Miller is hopeful that the campaign will have a positive impact on young women's attitudes and aspirations. "We need to start a conversation about what young women want from their futures, and we need to give them the tools to achieve those goals. This campaign is just the first step in that journey, and I'm excited to see where it takes us."  The packs are set to be rolled out over the coming weeks, and Miller is encouraging young women to make use of the information provided and to aim high in their education and career choices. By providing young women with the inspiration and confidence they need, the campaign hopes to create a generation of motivated and ambitious women who are ready to take on the world.