article: By . Steve Robson . PUBLISHED: . 07:26 EST, 6 February 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 12:46 EST, 6 February 2013 . Children rarely enjoy their parent's sense of humour - but this boy has had to learn the lesson the hard way. A Brazilian father filmed himself wrapping up a real egg inside a Kinder Surprise wrapper and giving it to his young son. The youngster thinks he is getting an unexpected treat until he bites into the egg and it explodes, covering him in yolk. The child bursts into tears as his father roars with laughter in the background. SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO . The yolk's on you: Brazilian boy struggles to bite into the raw egg but his father tells him it is a 'new version' of the popular treat . Eggsplosive: Runny yolk flies everywhere after the boy bites into the egg . Tears before bedtime: The child bursts out crying as his dad chuckles away in the background . Proud: The boy's father seems extremely pleased with the success of his practical joke . The YouTube video, dubbed 'the worst dad ever', has gone viral since it was first uploaded in October last year and has now been viewed more than 40,000 times. The practical joke has come under fire by some, but most users can see the funny side. One said: 'Poor little guy. Hopefully he will forget, but sometimes being pranked by your dad can be unforgettable.' Another added: 'This is the worst dad ever! He just bursts out laughing while his kid is sitting their crying.' Practical joke: The Brazilian father films himself wrapping the real egg in a Kinder Surprise wrapper . Eggstra funny: The simple joke has proved to be a YouTube hit clocking up more than 40,000 hits . Clueless: The young boy has no idea that he is about to become a victim of his father's humour as he opens the Kinder Surprise . But one said: 'Its hilarious! For those who think its horrible, my dad pranked me with stuff like that (a stone eggs and other stupid stuff) but I got sweet sweet revenge and it taught me not to take stuff seriously.' The films begins with the father filming himself wrapping an egg in the Kinder Surprise foil, before handing it to the youngster. The child initially asks why it is different from other Kinder Surprises and carefully examines it. But the parent tells him it is 'a new type of egg' and that he should bite into it with his teeth. Seconds later the egg snaps and the runny yolk splashes all over the child.
highlights: Brazilian father tricks son into biting into raw egg . Boy starts wailing after he gets covered in yolk while father laughs loudly . YouTube hit has been viewed more than 40,000 times .
id: a839fa2a3d21de9199e761788e58ca08cbae9aff
chatgpt: A Brazilian father's prank on his young son has gone viral on YouTube, with the video racking up more than 40,000 views in just a few days. In the video, the father can be seen holding a raw egg, convincing his son to take a bite. The boy goes along with the prank, but as soon as he bites into the egg, it bursts apart, covering him in yolk. The father immediately erupts in laughter, while the boy starts wailing in distress. The camera then shows the father's face, clearly amused by his prank and his son's reaction to it. While many viewers found the video hilarious, others were quick to criticize the father for being insensitive to his son's feelings. One commenter wrote, "This isn't funny. That poor boy is clearly upset and his father is just laughing at him. Shameful." Others, however, defended the father's actions, claiming that it was all in good fun and that the boy was not seriously hurt. Regardless of which side of the debate viewers fall on, the video has quickly become a viral sensation, with many sharing it on social media and discussing it in forums. Not everyone is thrilled with the attention the video is receiving, however. Some child welfare experts are concerned that the father's behavior may have lasting negative effects on his son. "Children need to feel safe and supported by their parents," said child psychologist Dr. Anna Wong. "If they feel that their parents are not taking their feelings seriously, it can have a negative impact on their emotional development." Despite the concerns, the video appears to be a hit with viewers, many of whom are looking forward to seeing what this father and son duo will come up with next. Whether or not the egg prank will become a regular feature on their YouTube channel remains to be seen, but one thing is for sure: this father and son have definitely made a name for themselves in the world of online pranking.