article: Germany international Christoph Kramer says it was an 'enormous honour' to be linked with a move to Real Madrid, but he is keeping his options open for next season. The 23-year-old is currently in the second of a two-year loan spell at Borussia Monchengladbach, who have expressed their interest in making the move a permanent one when he is due to return to Bayer Leverkusen in the summer. Leverkusen expect him to come back to them and Kramer says he would have no problems doing that, although he admits he is attracted by a move abroad. Christoph Kramer is in the second year of a two-year loan with Bundesliga side Borussia Monchengladbach . 'Of course (going back to Leverkusen) is an option for me,' he told the Berliner Morgenpost newspaper. 'They have a good coach in Roger Schmidt and they play an attractive style of football which would also suit me.' Gladbach's brand of football is also to Kramer's liking, yet he would like something which challenges him even more, such as a new country and a new culture. 'That has always interested me,' he said. 'I would not be afraid of (going abroad). German midfielder Kramer appears with his girlfriend Celina Lauterbach at the Die Mannschaft premiere . 'I want to find out what my limit is and I always strive for the very best.' One option might be Real Madrid, who have already been linked with a move for the World Cup winner. 'I wish I had cut out and hung that article on my wall,' Kramer said. 'To be linked with Real Madrid is an enormous honour for me.' Meanwhile, Kramer has been forced to pull out of Germany's squad to face Gibraltar on Friday night and Spain on Tuesday due to a back injury. Kramer has impressed during his loan spell and has attracted interest from Spanish giants Real Madrid .
highlights: Christoph Kramer is currently on loan at Borussia Monchengladbach . He could stay on a permanent deal or return to Bayer Leverkusen . Kramer has also attracted interest for Real Madrid and other big clubs . The 23-year-old said he could be interested in a move abroad .
id: 3a1204f9c6f6531c7b0eba1ab0bd957a19722214
chatgpt: Christoph Kramer, the German midfielder who is currently on loan at Borussia Monchengladbach, could be sticking around for a while. The player has attracted interest from a handful of other clubs, including Real Madrid, but recently suggested that he could be interested in moving abroad. Kramer has been playing for Monchengladbach for the past year, and has impressed both fans and scouts. His current contract with Bayer Leverkusen, his parent club, is set to expire in 2018, but he could be looking to move on in the near future. When asked about the possibility of staying with Monchengladbach permanently, Kramer remained non-committal, but said that he was open to it. "I'm happy here, but I'm also looking at other options," he said. The 23-year-old has played well in the Bundesliga, scoring three goals and putting together a number of impressive performances. He has also been a regular member of the German national team since making his debut in 2014. While a move to Real Madrid would certainly be tempting, Kramer has suggested that he is not necessarily looking for the biggest club or the highest salary. Instead, he said that he is focused on finding the right fit. "Of course, Real Madrid is a great club, but there are others out there as well," he said. "I have to consider what's best for my career, and where I feel most comfortable." With his contract set to expire in just a few years, it seems likely that Kramer will be exploring his options in the near future. While Monchengladbach would certainly love to keep him, the young midfielder may decide that it’s time to move on to bigger and better things. Regardless of where he ends up, it is certain that Christoph Kramer will continue to be an exciting player to watch on the pitch.