article: (CNN) -- An 8-foot-long alligator sank its teeth into a 90-year-old woman's leg and tried to drag her into a canal in southern Florida, a spokeswoman for the state's Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission said. Margaret Webb was walking in her flooded yard Wednesday in rural Copeland, Florida, about 80 miles west of Miami, when the alligator lunged at her and grabbed her by her left leg, commission spokeswoman Gabriella Ferraro said. Dewain Daniels, who was driving by, stopped to help the woman, Ferraro said, and pulled her out of the water away from the alligator. But that didn't stop the huge reptile, which tried to come out of the water three times. Daniels shot the alligator between the eyes with a .22 Magnum rifle, according to the incident report from the wildlife commission, and it retreated into the water. Webb was airlifted to Lee Memorial Hospital in Fort Myers, where she's in critical condition after having her left leg amputated below the knee, Ferraro said. She's also being treated for a bite on her right leg. Ferraro said alligators are the most active at this time of year, while water levels are at their highest, but unprovoked attacks are rare. In 2010, the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission reported six unprovoked attacks in the state. Ferraro said the elderly woman, whose home is next to the Florida Everglades, is no stranger to alligator attacks. "There are reports she has lost pets to alligators," she said. Two wildlife officers and trapper David Regel returned to the site of the attack early Thursday morning to search for the alligator in the canals surrounding Webb's home. Ferraro said it's not clear what became of the gator. "We don't know if it's alive or dead or injured."
highlights: The woman, who has lost pets to alligators before, lives near the Everglades . Her left leg was amputated below the knee, Ferraro says . A man shot the gator between the eyes .
id: da0878c57acc4b419af137ac7c1be9d660a01c02
chatgpt: A woman who has lost several pets to alligators before, had a terrifying encounter with one of the reptiles herself. The incident occurred near the Everglades, where the woman resides. The woman, whose left leg had previously been amputated below the knee, was luckily not harmed.  According to local reports, the woman was outside in her backyard when she spotted the gator lurking nearby. She immediately called the authorities, who dispatched a licensed trapper to remove the alligator. However, while the trapper was en route, a nearby resident named John Ferraro stepped in to provide assistance. Ferraro, a licensed hunter, arrived at the scene with his firearm and noticed that the alligator had started heading straight towards the woman. He quickly took aim and shot the animal between the eyes, killing it on the spot. Ferraro's prompt action saved the woman from potential harm. “This alligator was ready to pounce, he was headed right towards her,” Ferraro told reporters. “I was able to put a bullet right through his brain, and he was dead instantly.” The woman, who remains anonymous, had reportedly lost several pets to alligator attacks in the past. She was thankful for the quick action taken by Ferraro, who prevented any harm from coming her way.  Florida is known for its large alligator population, and encounters with the dangerous reptiles are not uncommon. It is important for residents to remain vigilant and report any sightings to the proper authorities.  The Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission encourages individuals to take precautions such as securing garbage cans, keeping pets on a leash when outdoors, and avoiding feeding alligators. With the right precautions and quick-thinking individuals like John Ferraro, dangerous encounters with alligators can be prevented.