article: New Delhi (CNN) -- "Slumdog Millionaire" child star Rubina Ali says her home was gutted by a fire that tore through her Mumbai slum. "There was fire everywhere, there was so much chaos, my house was completely burned down, the whole slum was burned down," Rubina told CNN on Sunday. The 12-year old said she was watching TV Friday when her neighbors started yelling "fire, fire!" She then grabbed everything she could get her hands on and ran out. "But my awards are gone, my memories are gone," she said. Ali was referring to the numerous awards she received for her role as the young Latika in the critically acclaimed film that nabbed multiple Academy Awards.. Rubina said the her family is now living in a temporary shelter. Rubina's father Rafiq Qureshi said they plan to move into a new home provided by a trust set up by the film's director Danny Boyle next month. "They were in transit. They were just about to move to an apartment the Jai Ho Trust has allotted for them," said trustee Nirja Mattoo said. "But as the building is new, they were waiting for the water and electricity to be installed. But unfortunately this incident happened." Mattoo confirmed Rubina and the family were still residing in the Garib Nagar slum when the fire broke out. "Our social worker has been meeting Rubina and her family and assessing the situation," Mattoo said. "They lost everything except for an LCD TV and some clothes." Rubina said she is grateful for the support she and her family have been receiving from the trust.
highlights: Rubina Ali, 12, says she lost her movie awards . She played the young Latika in "Slumdog Millionaire" She and her family are moving into a new home provided by a trust .
id: a58fe6b86c21a901c8df39afb5958836166993f0
chatgpt: Rubina Ali, the child actress who played the young Latika in the hit movie "Slumdog Millionaire," has reported that she has lost her movie awards. The 12-year-old recently revealed that her trophies - including the Screen Actors Guild award and the BAFTA - have gone missing. Ali first rose to fame for her breakout performance in "Slumdog Millionaire," which won multiple Oscars at the 2009 Academy Awards. She played the young version of Latika, the female lead in the movie that tells the story of a young man who becomes a millionaire on a game show in India. Ali's performance in the movie earned her widespread acclaim and recognition, including several prestigious awards. However, Ali's awards have now disappeared, and she has spoken out about the situation. "I don't know where they are," she said. "I wish I could have found them, but I haven't been able to." Despite her concerns about her missing awards, Ali has recently received some good news. She and her family will be moving into a new home, which has been provided by a trust. The trust was set up to help the families of children who were living in the slums of Mumbai, where much of "Slumdog Millionaire" was filmed. The new home is a step up for Ali and her family, who previously lived in one of the slum areas. Ali is excited about the move and is looking forward to starting a new chapter in her life. "I'm really grateful for the help we've received," she said. "It's going to be amazing to have our own home and a fresh start." Although she may have lost her awards, it seems that Ali has plenty to be thankful for right now. She remains a beloved figure in the movie industry and is sure to continue making waves with her talent and charm.