article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 13:38 EST, 11 September 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 14:57 EST, 11 September 2013 . The perp: Charles Phillip Wilson, 47, was arrested for breaking into a stranger's home and masturbating on her bed . A 47-year-old man was arrested after he was caught masturbating in a stranger's Southeast Portland, Oregon, home on Monday. According to police, the victim came home in the afternoon only to walk in on the perpetrator, Charles Phillip Wilson, pleasuring himself in her bedroom. Michelle Leeper said when she walked into the house, in the 2500 block of Southeast Pine Street, she noticed a few things were different from the way she left them. 'I just started putting my groceries away . and I went to walk to the bathroom. 'And I . noticed my bedroom door was closed, and it wasn’t when I left,' Leeper told Koin 6 News. She said she threw the door open and found a man lying on his back in her bed — half-naked. Indecent exposure: Charles Phillip Wilson, 47, was arrested after being caught pleasuring himself in Michelle Leeper's bedroom in South Portland. The victim: Michelle Leeper (right) went grocery shopping and came home to find a man lying on her bed half-naked . Scene of the crime: The shocking incident happened at Michelle Leeper's home in Southeast Portland, Oregon, on Monday. Shaken: Michelle Leeper (left) talks to a neighbour after her South Portland home was broken into while she was out shopping . 'I kind of froze and I asked him what he . was doing here, like in not-so-pleasant words,' Leeper said. 'He told me . to be quiet and I said “I’m getting the neighbor and I’m calling the . cops”.' Leeper called 911 at about 1.37pm, according to Sgt. Pete Simpson, a Portland Police Bureau spokesman. Mr Wilson fled the scene but was later found hiding in a neighbour’s garden, Sgt Simpson told the Oregonian. Sgt Simpson said Wilson likely got into the house through an open or unlocked sliding door. Wilson was booked into the Multnomah County Jail on criminal trespass and private indecency charges.
highlights: Charles Phillip Wilson was discovered by Michelle Leeper who walked in on him while he was lying half-naked on her bed . The incident happened at around 1.30pm on Monday . Mr Wilson was arrested and charged with criminal trespassing and private indecency .
id: 7e35eb293365b152539b6a53f9c8acfab78948ba
chatgpt: A woman in Ohio made a startling discovery on Monday afternoon, when she returned home to find an intruder lying half-naked on her bed. Michelle Leeper, the homeowner, said she walked into her bedroom around 1:30 p.m., only to find a man she did not know lying on her bed wearing only his underwear. The man was later identified as Charles Phillip Wilson, a 32-year-old from Cincinnati. Wilson was arrested and charged with criminal trespassing and private indecency, according to police. Leeper said she had never seen Wilson before and had no idea how he entered her home. She immediately called the police after discovering him on her bed. "It was scary," Leeper said. "I didn't know what he was capable of." Leeper said the incident has left her shaken and worried about her safety in her own home. "I'm just glad I came home when I did," she said. "Who knows what would have happened if he had been there longer." Police are still investigating how Wilson gained access to Leeper's home and what his intentions may have been. They are asking anyone with information about the incident to come forward. "Anytime an intruder enters someone's home, it's a serious matter," said Sgt. David Bucy of the local police department. "We're taking this incident very seriously and will do everything in our power to bring those responsible to justice." Neighbors in the area said they were shocked to hear about the incident and are now taking extra precautions to protect their homes. "I've never heard of anything like this happening around here before," said one neighbor who wished to remain anonymous. "It's scary to think that something like this could happen in our quiet neighborhood." As for Leeper, she said she is grateful for the quick response of the police and hopes that justice will be served. "I just want to feel safe in my own home again," she said. "I hope they catch whoever did this and make sure it never happens again."