article: (CNN) -- A U.S. Marine Corps reservist jailed in Mexico for almost three months is said to be upbeat and healthy, according to two U.S. lawmakers who visited Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi over the weekend. Republican Rep. Ed Royce of California, who chairs the House Foreign Affairs Committee, and Republican Rep. Matt Salmon from Arizona, chairman of the Western Hemisphere Subcommittee, traveled to Tecate, Mexico, on Saturday to meet with Tahmooressi. The decorated Marine has been jailed in Mexico on weapons charges since April 1 after driving his truck into Tijuana -- he says accidentally -- with three personal fire arms, including a shotgun, .45 caliber pistol and an AR-15. All of the guns were legally registered in the United States. But in Mexico, firearm possession is almost completely illegal. Tahmooressi was said to be in good spirits, Royce said in a statement. A photo of Tahmooressi, standing in between the two lawmakers, was posted to the Twitter page of the House Foreign Affairs Committee. It showed what appears to be a healthy Tahmooressi with a slight smile on his face. "After visiting with Sgt. Tahmooressi for the second time in two weeks, I remain confident that his situation is improving and will end with his release in the near future," Salmon said in a statement. "His spirits remain upbeat and he has full confidence in his new attorney," he added. Tahmooressi is now on his third attorney, Tijuana-based lawyer Fernando Benitez, said his mother, Jill Tahmooressi. The first two defense attorneys were dismissed by the family after a conflict of how to proceed with the Marine's legal defense, the family told CNN. "Last week, Andrew was despondent because for a portion of it, he was without legal representation. We're more optimistic now," his mother said in a phone call with CNN. But more than 80 days since he was first imprisoned, Tahmooressi's defense still has not submitted evidence to the court to counter the prosecutor's evidence, his mother told CNN. "With Mr. Benitez on the case, it's a good thing," she said. "He's a veteran Tijuana attorney not fearful to take on high-profile cases. His strategy is competent." Tahmooressi was initially held in Tijuana's La Mesa Penitentiary for the first month. There, his family says, he was subjected to torture by the prison guards and inmates. "He told me that he tried to kill himself [while he was in La Mesa] because they were going to torture him for information about our family," his mother told CNN. "By the grace of God he didn't hit an artery [when he tried to slice his neck]." Now in El Hongo Penitentiary in Tecate, Mexico, about an hour and a half east of Tijuana, Tahmooressi is said to be doing well, according to his family. While U.S. lawmakers continue to work with Mexican officials, it remains unclear when Tahmooressi might have a court hearing.
highlights: Two U.S. lawmakers visit jailed Marine Coprs reservist in Mexico . They said that Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi is in "good spirts" Tahmooressi has been jailed on firearms charges in Mexico since April . No court date or hearing for the Marine has been scheduled yet .
id: e5931de0e4acf2c8e3406eaf1cc736097ead9a94
chatgpt: Two American lawmakers visited the jailed Marine Corps reservist, Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi, in Mexico, saying that he is in good spirits despite being arrested on firearms charges in April. Tahmooressi, who was arrested after crossing the border into Tijuana with three firearms, claims that he accidentally ended up in Mexico after making a wrong turn. Despite evidence supporting his claim, he has been in jail for over five months without a court date or hearing scheduled. The US Representatives who visited Tahmooressi said that they were impressed with the conditions of his detention, but stressed the urgent need for him to either receive a trial or be released. “Mexico has been very patient with Andrew Tahmooressi, but it’s time to either charge him or let him go,” said Representative Matt Salmon of Arizona. “We’ve got a U.S. Marine who’s detained in a foreign land, and we owe it to him to ensure that he gets a fair trial.” Salmon’s sentiments were echoed by Representative Duncan Hunter of California, who tried to visit Tahmooressi in June, but was denied entry. “Sgt. Tahmooressi has honorably served our country in combat, and it’s unacceptable for him to be treated like a criminal,” said Hunter. “We will not rest until he is back home in the United States.” Since his arrest, Tahmooressi’s case has garnered extensive media attention and has received support from several top officials, including former Presidential candidate Mitt Romney, who tweeted in July that “President Obama must call Mexico's president to release our Marine.” It’s unclear whether the recent visit from American lawmakers will have any impact on the Mexican government’s handling of the case. In July, the Mexican Attorney General’s Office announced that Tahmooressi’s case had been transferred to a federal court, raising hopes that he might finally receive a court date. However, no hearings have been scheduled since then. Meanwhile, Tahmooressi’s family and supporters continue to petition for his release. A White House petition seeking President Obama’s intervention has garnered over 120,000 signatures, while a Change.org petition has over 46,000. With still no resolution in sight, Tahmooressi’s fate hangs in the balance as he remains behind bars in Mexico.