article: Corporal Jordan Spears, 21, of Memphis, Indiana, was a crewman aboard a V-22 tilt-rotor aircraft flying off the USS Makin Island and went into the sea when the aircraft lost power shortly after takeoff . A U.S. Marine who went into . the sea from a V-22 Osprey during a flight mishap over the . northern Gulf this week is the first American to be killed in U.S. military operations against the Islamic State group in Iraq and . Syria. Corporal Jordan Spears, 21, of Memphis, Indiana, was a . crewman aboard a V-22 tilt-rotor aircraft flying off the USS . Makin Island and went into the sea when the aircraft lost power . shortly after takeoff, the Navy said on Friday. The V-22 descended to the surface of the ocean during the . mishap on Wednesday. Spears and a second air crewmen went into . the water when it appeared the tilt-rotor aircraft was about to . crash, but the two pilots were able to regain control of the . craft and landed it safely back on board the Makin Island. One air crewman was recovered and was in stable condition . aboard the Makin Island. A search and rescue operation for the . missing crewman was called off on Thursday and the Navy said he . was presumed lost at sea. Rear Admiral John Kirby, the Pentagon press secretary, . confirmed on Friday that the Marine's unit had been supporting . current operations in the Gulf, including the current battle . against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria. 'That squadron and that ship were in the Gulf supporting . Central Command operations,' Kirby said, referring to the . combatant command responsible for U.S. forces in the Middle East . region. 'Some of those operations included operations in Iraq and . Syria, at least tangentially,' he said. Spears pictured on top of a V-22 Osprey: The marine is the first American to be killed in U.S.military operations against the Islamic State group in Iraq andSyria . 'So there's no question . that this Marine's death is related to the operations that are . going on in some form or fashion.' The Navy and Marine Corps are investigating the cause of the . mishap. The V-22 takes off and lands vertically like a helicopter . but the twin rotors at the end of its wings tilt after takeoff . and allow it to fly like an airplane. The V-22 had a rocky start because of mishaps during . development, but it has won kudos for performance since entering . into service. The V-22 had a rocky start because of mishaps during development, but it has won kudos for performance since entering into service .
highlights: Corporal Jordan Spears, 21, of Memphis, Indiana, was a crewman aboard a V-22 tilt-rotor aircraft flying off the USS Makin Island . He jumped into the sea when the aircraft lost power shortly after takeoff  and appeared it was about to crash on Wednesday . The pilots were able to regain control of the craft and landed it safely . A search and rescue operation for Spears was called off on Thursday and the Navy has said he is presumed lost at sea .
id: 75d6eccafcfa73ccac8db188f0452bb633037a29
chatgpt: Corporal Jordan Spears, a 21-year-old crewman from Memphis, Indiana, is presumed lost at sea after jumping from a V-22 tilt-rotor aircraft flying off the USS Makin Island. The incident occurred on Wednesday, shortly after takeoff when the aircraft lost power and appeared to be about to crash. Spears, who was part of the crew aboard the V-22 tilt-rotor aircraft, made a sudden decision to jump into the sea, risking his life to save himself. Fortunately, the pilots of the aircraft were able to regain control of the craft and landed it safely. After the V-22 tilt-rotor aircraft safely landed, a search and rescue operation for Spears was immediately launched. The US Navy's search and rescue teams carried out an intensive search operation for the missing corporal. The search operation continued for about a day, but it was eventually called off on Thursday after authorities failed to locate Spears. The Navy has released a statement that presumed the loss of Corporal Jordan Spears at sea. The statement expressed condolences to the family, friends and loved ones of the missing crewman of the V-22 tilt-rotor aircraft. A thorough investigation into the incident will be conducted to determine how the incident occurred and who was responsible. More information will be released as the investigation proceeds. The incident has left many in the military community in shock and disbelief. Corporal Spears was a dedicated and committed member of the crew and his sudden disappearance has left a void in the team. Many who knew him expressed their sadness and disbelief upon hearing the news. One of his fellow crewmen, who did not want to be identified, described him as a confident and competent crewman. The crewman was quoted as saying: "Jordan was a great friend and a reliable teammate. He knew his job well, and he was always willing to lend a helping hand to anyone who needed it. We will all miss him greatly." Spears' family declined to make a statement at this time. The loss of Corporal Jordan Spears is a reminder of the risks that military personnel face on a daily basis. They put their lives on the line to serve their country and protect its citizens. The US Navy and the Department of Defense remain committed to providing support and assistance to the Spears family during this difficult time. The incident serves as a stark reminder of the sacrifices that military personnel make in service to their country. Spears' bravery and quick thinking in the face of an emergency situation saved his life, but tragically, he is presumed to have been lost at sea.