article: One of the BBC's top political reporters has given up her 25-year career in journalism to join a convent of nuns called the Adoration Sisters. Northern Ireland political reporter Martina Purdy, who has been with the BBC for 15 years, announced her decision to become a nun and focus on 'new challenges' last week. She was then photographed at the weekend dressed casually on her way to Sunday Mass at St Peter's Cathedral, Belfast, alongside six members of the Adoration Convent. Former BBC political correspondent Martina Purdy (centre) on her way to Sunday Mass at the weekend with a group of members from the Adoration Convent . Previous job: Ms Purdy pictured on BBC Northern Ireland as a political reporter . In a statement posted on her Twitter page, she said: 'I've been a journalist now for almost 25 years, 15 of them at the BBC. 'It has been an immensely rewarding profession and I'm very grateful for all the support I've had over many years from colleagues, family, contacts and friends. Ms Purdy added: 'I know many people will not understand this decision. It is a decision that I have not come to lightly, but it is one that I make with love and great joy. I ask for prayers as I embark on this path with all humility, faith and trust.' She went on to ask that the privacy of the Adoration Sisters - a self-described 'contemplative community' which makes altar breads - be respected as she faces 'the new challenges' of her life. She went on to offer her thanks via Twitter to those who had shown their support for her decision . After which she added she wouldn't be giving a 'running commentary' on her new lifestyle . Following the announcement she tweeted: 'Thanks all for your generosity - from those of my faith, other faiths, those trying to find Him, those trying to ignore Him. God bless you.' And in a final tweet, she added: 'I'm not planning a running commentary - but I'm truly overwhelmed. x.' Ms Purdy, who was born in Belfast but brought up in Canada, joined the BBC Northern Ireland in 1999 after working as a newspaper journalist. She was known as a familiar figure in the Northern Ireland Assembly at Stormont, covering Northern Irish politics for television and radio. Kathleen Carragher, head of news for BBC Northern Ireland, paid tribute to Ms Purdy, saying: 'We will miss her wit and wisdom. I wish her happiness and fulfilment in her new life.'
highlights: BBC political correspondent Martina Purdy quits journalism to become a nun . Purdy was photographed at the weekend attending Sunday Mass in Belfast . She tweeted she doesn't  plan to give a 'running commentary' on her new life .
id: bd8afea79fafec118b0eaaffabf56ee8acb3f715
chatgpt: BBC political correspondent Martina Purdy has announced her departure from journalism after almost 25 years, to pursue a life in the religious community as a nun. The 55-year-old was photographed attending Sunday Mass at the convent in Belfast where she will be taking her vows. Purdy outlined her plans in a statement released on her Twitter account, stating that she does not intend to provide a "running commentary" on her new life. Purdy has had a long and illustrious career in journalism, working for the BBC for nearly 24 years as a political correspondent based in Belfast. She has interviewed high profile political figures including former Vice President of the United States, Joe Biden, and former Irish president, Mary McAleese. Despite her success in the field, Purdy has been considering a change in direction for some time. She first revealed her intention to join the Adoration Sisters in 2014, after a "powerful experience" following a visit to the convent. Speaking to the Belfast Telegraph at the time, Purdy said: " I couldn’t believe how happy, settled and fulfilled [the nuns] seemed.” Purdy’s decision to join the religious community has garnered support and admiration from many people, including politicians who she has previously reported on. DUP leader, Arlene Foster, tweeted: "Wishing Martina every blessing as she begins this new chapter of her life." The role of a political correspondent can be a demanding and high pressure job. The move to a religious community may provide Purdy with a much-needed sense of peace and contemplation in her life, as well as a focus on serving others. Although Purdy’s departure is a loss for the BBC, she has stated that she will continue to follow and support its work. She has also made it clear that she does not intend to use social media to document or extensively discuss her journey. Purdy’s decision to leave behind her successful career to become a nun showcases her commitment to living a life with purpose and meaning. It takes immense courage to leave behind the comforts of the known world, but her faith has clearly given her the strength and confidence to embark on a new journey. As the world is dealing with ongoing uncertainty during the COVID-19 pandemic, Purdy’s decision to find solace in religious life is definitely a source of inspiration. Her commitment to serving others and living a life rooted in community and spirituality is a testament to the importance of finding purpose and meaning in our lives. In conclusion, Martina Purdy’s decision to become a nun has left behind a void in the field of political reporting, but her courage serves as a great inspiration to many who are searching for intrinsic fulfillment in their lives. We wish her well in her new journey and hope that she will find the contentment and peace she seeks in the life ahead of her.