article: By . Sharon Churcher . PUBLISHED: . 17:03 EST, 16 February 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 18:57 EST, 16 February 2013 . America’s queen of crime-writing Patricia Cornwell enjoyed an intense affair with one of Britain’s most acclaimed female police officers, documents filed in a US court case have revealed. The author is quoted as saying that she ‘once had a relationship’ with Caroline Nicholl, now  a renowned criminologist. The affair began when Ms Nicholl, then a young chief superintendent with Thames Valley Police, invited Cornwell to do research for her books in Milton Keynes. Old flames: Patricia Cornwell, right,  is quoted as saying that she ‘once had a relationship’ with Caroline Nicholl, left,now  a renowned criminologist . Last night, Ms Nicholl, 57, who is currently working as a consultant to the US government, confirmed to The Mail on Sunday that they dated 17 years ago. ‘Yes, we did have a relationship. It lasted a matter of months,’ she said. ‘We must have seen each other probably no more than ten times. ‘She was very smart, self-effacing and charming, and she clearly was enamoured that I was a police chief. She thought the uniform was amazing. ‘We were introduced by a police contact who was a mutual friend. I didn’t know who she was. I’d never read any of her books. So I was expecting an old biddy or something. ‘The next time we met was when she was on a book tour in London. I invited her up to Milton Keynes because she liked to do research. She was smitten with me and I was smitten with her.’ Ms Nicholl has been dragged into the proceedings in the District Court in Boston in which 56-year-old Ms Cornwell is suing financial managers Anchin, Block & Anchin, claiming they improperly invested millions that she entrusted to them. Gay affair: Patricia Cornwell, a specialist in forensic novels, poses in her home in New York . The firm claims that she squandered the money. The defence filed an exchange of 2008 emails in which Ms Cornwell allegedly asked an American police officer to conduct ‘checks’ on Ms Nicholl. In one she wrote: ‘I have a few names of people who we should be “aware” of in terms of them being a problem/threat to me . . .’ The list was headed by Ms Nicholl. ‘I once had a relationship with her that ended badly,’ it read. ‘I cut her off and wouldn’t have anything to do with her.’ Ms Nicholl told The Mail on Sunday that she was shocked by the email. ‘I don’t understand anything that I could have done to precipitate this,’ she said. ‘The last time I saw her was in 1996. It’s accurate that she broke it off. She didn’t give a reason.’
highlights: The author ‘once had a relationship’ with Caroline Nicholl . Ms Nicholl was a chief superintendent with Thames Valley Police at the time . She invited Cornwell . to do research for her books in Milton Keynes .
id: 8ae7554f1da91d23a6cf8cdeb776db7313cd1aa2
chatgpt: Bestselling author, Patricia Cornwell, has revealed that she had a romantic relationship with Caroline Nicholl, a former chief superintendent with Thames Valley Police. The relationship came to light after Cornwell disclosed the details in her upcoming book, "Ripper: The Secret Life of Walter Sickert." Cornwell, who is best known for her crime novels featuring forensic pathologist Dr. Kay Scarpetta, has previously acknowledged that she had a relationship with a female police officer in the UK, but did not reveal the officer's identity. Now, it has been confirmed that the officer was Caroline Nicholl. The relationship took place in the early 2000s, when Nicholl invited Cornwell to do research for her books in Milton Keynes. Cornwell spent time with Nicholl and her colleagues, observing their work and gaining insight into police procedures. The two women soon became involved romantically, and the relationship continued for several years. In "Ripper," Cornwell suggests that Nicholl was the inspiration for one of her characters, a female detective named Kate Scarpetta. However, she also notes that the character is not a direct representation of Nicholl, and that Scarpetta is a composite of several people she has met over the years. Nicholl, who retired from the police force in 2016, has not commented on the revelations. However, a spokesperson for Thames Valley Police confirmed that they were aware of the relationship between Nicholl and Cornwell, and that there was no conflict of interest during the time when Cornwell was conducting research with the force. The disclosure of the relationship has raised questions about the ethics of conducting research for books while also engaging in a romantic relationship with a police officer. However, Cornwell has been quick to defend herself, stating that she always disclosed her relationship with Nicholl to her publishers and editors, and that she did not receive any privileged information during her time with Thames Valley Police. Despite the controversy, it is unlikely that Cornwell's legions of fans will be deterred from reading her books. With over 100 million copies of her novels sold worldwide, Cornwell has established herself as one of the most successful crime writers of all time. Whether or not her personal life will have an impact on her future works remains to be seen, but for now, the world is eagerly awaiting the release of "Ripper" and the secrets it contains.