article: By . Lucy Crossley . PUBLISHED: . 01:00 EST, 7 January 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 06:15 EST, 7 January 2014 . Similing as they come face to face with some of nature's most dangerous predators, these visitors to a controversial zoo can cuddle up to lions and tigers without fearing they might not live to tell the tale. Even the most feared mammals appear no scarier than a domestic cat at Argentina's Lujan Zoo, where animals are raised alongside dogs and are used to human contact. Since it opened in 1994 there has not been a single report of an attack, although many critics of the zoo believe that this record has been achieved through drugging the animals. Scroll down for video . Too close for comfort? This tourist at the Lujan Zoo in Argentina smiles as she cuddles up to a lion . Up close and personal: Since it opened in 1994 there has not been a single report of an attack at the zoo . Domesticated: Officials also say that the animals are raised alongside dogs, and learn to mimic the domestic pets' friendliness towards people . Although in their natural habitat the big cats such as lions and tigers would be feared, these creatures don't seem to mind the tourists cosying up to them for a photograph, and even young children are allowed to pet them. The zoo claims that the animals are so passive and friendly because they are so well-fed that they would have no cause to ever think of humans as food. Officials also say that the animals are raised alongside dogs, and learn to mimic the domestic pets' friendliness towards people. Passive: Although in their natural habitat tigers would be feared, these creatures don't seem to mind the tourists cosying up to them for a photograph . Lethargic? Some animal rights groups say the creatures have been sedated . New start: Many of the animals at the zoo are said to be former illegal house pets, offered to the zoo after they have outgrown their homes . The zoo has been criticised by some visitors and animal rights groups who say that the creatures seem lethargic - as if they had been drugged, according to Atlas Obscura. However, keepers maintain that if they animals were sedated to the extent suggested the drugs would kill them. As well as bears, tigers and lions the zoo holds two female elephants, a wide variety of reptiles and birds. Many of the animals at the zoo are said to be former illegal house pets, offered to the zoo after they have outgrown their homes. Creature comforts: Two tourists enjoy a close encounter at the zoo .
highlights: Tourists are allowed to pet animals at Argentina's Lujan Zoo . Zoo says the creatures are so well-fed they do not consider humans as food . However, some animal rights activists believe the animals have been sedated .
id: 6906c08a46c04661e53b2146ef69a69a518bdd6d
chatgpt: Tourists visiting Argentina's Lujan Zoo are being offered an unusual experience - petting the animals. The zoo's management claims that the animals are so well-fed that they pose no threat to humans, and as such can be enjoyed up close. However, some animal rights activists are concerned that the zookeepers may be sedating the animals in order to keep them calm. The zoo has a diverse array of animals, ranging from lions and tigers to smaller creatures like monkeys and sloths. Visitors are allowed to approach the animals and stroke them, often taking selfies to capture the experience. Despite the zoo's insistence that the animals are safe, some tourists have expressed discomfort with getting up close and personal with such powerful predators. For animal rights activists, this concern goes even further. They argue that the animals are not simply calm, but rather are being drugged in order to prevent them from reacting to the tourists. The activists are particularly concerned about the big cats, which are known to be dangerous even when well-fed. “This is a way to provide ‘entertainment’ to people through the mistreatment of animals,” says animal welfare advocate Rocío Induni. “The animals are not pets, they are not a toy, they are not here to amuse us.” The zoo, however, denies these allegations. “We have never, ever given any type of sedative to any of our animals,” says Adrián Moreyra, the zoo’s director. “It wouldn’t make sense for us to do so — we want our animals to be healthy and happy.” Moreyra explains that the animals are fed a specific diet designed to keep them healthy and free from illness. “Our animals are very well-looked-after,” he says. “They are well-fed, well-exercised, and mentally stimulated.” Despite the controversy, the zoo remains a popular destination for tourists seeking a unique and intimate animal experience. The zoo's management has stated that they are always improving their methods and ensuring that their animals remain happy and healthy. But the activists remain unconvinced, and have vowed to continue protesting until the zoo's practices are changed. “We need ethical tourism, not this kind of exploitation,” says Induni. “We want people to enjoy nature, but on a level that is respectful and beneficial to both the animals and the tourists.” As the debate continues over the ethics of such close encounters with animals, visitors to Lujan Zoo are left to decide for themselves whether they want to risk getting up close and personal with some of the world's most dangerous predators.