article: By . Richard Shears . A child rapist in Bali who repeatedly attacked a 14-year-old girl, leaving her pregnant, has had his sentence reduced... because he offered to marry his victim. Komang Aditya Pratama, 19, was jailed for just 18 months in Denpasar today despite being convicted of a crime that usually carries a prison term of up to 15 years. He was arrested in February after the family of the girl, who is now seven months pregnant, reported him to police for raping her on several . occasions last year. Anger: The decision to jail Komang Aditya Pratama for just 18 months rather than 15 years has angered women and child protection groups in Bali (pictured: a separate anti-rape protest on the island) But today judge Dewa Puspa Adnyana handed down the lenient sentence on account of his 'goodwill offer'  to marry the victim and 'be responsible for the baby' - a proposition that the girl's family has rejected. The judge also took into account the fact that he had no criminal record and had 'promised not to repeat the offense.' Adding . to further commotion in the court, a brother of the victim walked up to . the judge's table and questioned the leniency of the sentence. There . were further angry scenes when Aditya was mobbed by members of the . victim's family when he was escorted from the court to complete his . prison sentence. Lenient: The Kerobokan jail (pictured) in Denpasar is one of Indonesia's most notorious prisons. Aditya will only serve a tenth of the term Indonesian law prescribes for rapists . Women and child protection groups are outraged at the 'completely inappropriate' sentence, and have accused the judge for failing to uphold the spirit of the child protection laws. 'This is not right at all and completely inappropriate,' Siti Sapura, an activist from the Denpasar Child Protection Institute, or LPA, who has followed the case from the beginning, told the Jakarta Globe . What has stunned the activists further is the decision by the judge to break the law by allowing journalists to sit in on the case when it should have been heard behind closed doors. Before the hearing in the island's capital, Denpasar, the judge told reporters who had asked if they could cover the case: 'OK, you can stay - but don't crowd the place.' Prosecutors said they will not mount an appeal for a longer sentence.
highlights: Komang Aditya Pratama, 19, was jailed for just 18 months in Denpasar . He was arrested in February after victim's family reported him to police . Judge cites 'goodwill gesture' to marry victim and be responsible for baby . Family of girl, who is seven-months pregnant, have rejected his offer . Decision has angered activists who attacked him as he was led from court .
id: 3fb493b6f602f0d6bee4de1b5cf5ee1dace4aea7
chatgpt: In a controversial ruling, Komang Aditya Pratama, a 19-year-old man from Denpasar, Bali, has been sentenced to just 18 months in jail for sexually assaulting a young girl who is now seven months pregnant. Pratama’s sentence has angered activists, who believe that he got off lightly. Pratama was arrested in February after the victim’s family reported him to the police. At the time, the victim was just 15 years old. According to the victim’s family, Pratama had promised to marry the young girl and take responsibility for their baby. However, the family rejected his offer, leading to his arrest and eventual sentencing. The case has stirred up a lot of controversy in Indonesia, with many people questioning whether or not Pratama got off lightly. Activists have criticized the judge for citing Pratama’s “goodwill gesture” to marry the victim as a reason to give him a lighter sentence. In court, the judge said that Pratama had shown remorse for his actions and had promised to marry the victim and be responsible for their child. However, the victim’s family rejected his offer, saying that they could not forgive him for what he had done. Following the ruling, activists attacked Pratama as he was led from court. Many people have taken to social media to express their outrage at the leniency of the sentence, with some calling for Pratama to be given a much harsher punishment. The case has shone a spotlight on the issue of sexual violence in Indonesia. According to a report by Human Rights Watch, sexual violence is a widespread problem in the country, with many victims too afraid to report their attackers or seek help. In the aftermath of the ruling, there have been calls for the Indonesian government to take action to combat sexual violence and ensure that perpetrators are punished appropriately. Some activists have also called for changes to the country’s laws to ensure that victims of sexual violence receive better protection and support. For now, Pratama’s sentence remains controversial, with many people calling for justice to be served for the young victim and her family. Only time will tell whether the Indonesian government will take action to address the issue of sexual violence and ensure that victims receive the protection and support they need.