article: By . Helen Pow . George Clooney has confessed to calling Las Vegas gambling mogul Steve Wynn an 'a**hole' and storming off at a recent dinner because the casino-owner insulted President Barack Obama. The verbal assault occurred two weeks ago when the two-time Oscar winner was in Vegas promoting his Casamigos tequila, and was invited to dine with Wynn and his wife, Andrea Hissom, at the fancy Botero restaurant inside the 72-year-old's Encore hotel. But when dinner was finished, the conversation turned to Obama's Affordable Care Act, of which Wynn is a vocal opponent. That's when sparks began to fly. Falling out: George Clooney, pictured right in January with Steve Wynn and his wife Andrea, allegedly said the F-word at a recent dinner with the couple . Clooney immediately took exception to how the billionaire chairman and CEO spoke of his 'longtime friend.' He allegedly declared that he didn't have to listen to 'this f***ing stuff' before exiting to another bar. Wynn told the Las Vegas Review-Journal that Clooney likes his alcohol and 'got drunk' after drinking tequila shots. 'When he's drinking, he considers himself a close personal buddy of the president,' the said. 'Clooney's fun to be with when he's sober. If you have a chance to drink with him, you want to get there early, and don't stay late. 'Everybody who's in my business, the casino business, knows to take actors with a grain of salt.'Wynn added Clooney's partners were 'mortified.' Fancy: The row took place two weeks ago at the posh Botero Restaurant, pictured, which is located inside Wynn's Encore Hotel . Stories: Wynn, left, said Clooney had been downing tequila shots and was 'drunk' but Clooney, right, claims Wynn insulted his 'longtime friend' President Obama . Partners: Casamigos Tequila founders George Clooney and Rande Gerber celebrated the launch of Casamigos at Andrea's at Encore Las Vegas on January 9, 2013 . However, . in a statement sent to the newspaper, Clooney said: 'There were nine . people at that table ... so you can ask them. ... Steve likes to go on . rants. 'He . called the president an a**hole ... that is a fact ... I said the . President was my longtime friend and then he said "your friend is an . a**hole." '...At that point I told Steve that HE was an asshole and I wasn't going to sit at his table while he was being such a jackass. 'And I walked out. There were obviously quite a few more adjectives and adverbs used by both of us. He added: 'It had nothing to do with politics and everything to do with character.' Clooney was joined by his Casamigos business partners Rande Gerber and Michael Meldman at the table, as well as a few others.
highlights: The verbal assault between the actor and Steve Wynn occurred two weeks ago when Clooney was in Las Vegas promoting his Casamigos tequila . He was invited to dine with Wynn and his wife, Andrea Hissom, at the fancy Botero restaurant inside the 72-year-old's Encore hotel . But when dinner was finished, the conversation turned to Obama's Affordable Care Act, of which Wynn is a vocal opponent . Clooney immediately took exception to how the billionaire chairman and CEO spoke of his 'longtime friend' He allegedly declared that he didn't have to listen to 'this f***ing stuff' before exiting to another bar . In a statement, Clooney said: 'It had nothing to do with politics and everything to do with character'
id: a6005381b63c50203cabd98f44d4fdcb71419528
chatgpt: Actor George Clooney was involved in a heated verbal exchange with casino mogul Steve Wynn two weeks ago at the Encore hotel in Las Vegas. The incident occurred when Clooney was in Vegas promoting his Casamigos tequila and was invited by Wynn and his wife, Andrea Hissom, to dine at the Botero restaurant inside the hotel. The conversation turned to Obama's Affordable Care Act, which Wynn opposes, and Clooney took exception to how the billionaire spoke about his 'longtime friend'. The argument escalated quickly, and Clooney allegedly declared that he didn't have to listen to 'this f***ing stuff' before storming out of the restaurant to another bar. Wynn also had some choice words for the actor, reportedly calling him a "moron" and a "clown" after he left. The incident was promptly reported by TMZ and made headlines around the world. Clooney later released a statement, claiming that the incident had "nothing to do with politics and everything to do with character". He also said that he and Wynn had since reconciled and that they had agreed to work on their differing opinions in a more civil and respectful manner. This is not the first time that Wynn, who is the chairman and CEO of Wynn Resorts, has found himself in a political controversy. The billionaire is a vocal opponent of Obamacare and has been known to support conservative candidates in the past. However, it remains unclear whether his political views played a role in his argument with Clooney. Regardless of the cause, the incident has once again highlighted the often contentious relationship between celebrities and high-profile business figures. While some may view these encounters as simple disagreements between people with differing opinions, others see them as a reflection of the larger cultural divide in the United States. While Clooney and Wynn may have smoothed things over, it's clear that the incident has left a lasting impression on all involved. It remains to be seen whether the two will find a way to work together in the future, but for now, both parties seem content to put the incident behind them and move on with their respective careers.