article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 18:01 EST, 20 January 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 18:12 EST, 20 January 2013 . Shamed former IMF chief Dominique Strauss-Kahn made a £950,000 pay-off to the New York hotel cleaner who accused him of trying to rape her. The disgraced economist, 64, and chambermaid Nafissatou Diallo reached the deal to end all legal action for sexual assault against him in the US. The six-figure sum is considerably less than the £3.5 million Strauss-Kahn was reported to have paid Ms Diallo in December, France's Journal de Dimanche newspaper said. Former IMF head Dominique Strauss-Kahn was ordered to pay £950,000 in a civil action brought against him by Nafissatou Diallo after her accusations of rape were dropped . The 30-year-old chambermaid then paid £320,000 in legal fees, leaving her a settlement of £630,000 , the Sunday paper reported. Strauus-Kahn - once tipped as a future president of France - was arrested in May 2011 for trying to rape Guinea immigrant Miss Diallo when she came to clean his suite in New York's Sofitel hotel. He was charged with attempted rape, sexual abuse, a criminal sexual act, unlawful imprisonment and forcible touching and held at the city's notorious Ryker's Island prison. Nafissatou Diallo, 30, took out a civil case against Strauss-Kahn who she said subjected her to a 'violent and sadistic attack' He claimed Ms Diallo had consented to sex but later described the encounter as 'a moral failure' that he would regret his whole life. All charges were then dropped a month later over concerns about the housekeeper's credibility. She went on to file a civil case against him for what she called a 'violent and sadistic attack' that humiliated and degraded her, and 'robbed her of her dignity as a woman'. Strauss-Kahn also faces legal woes in . France, where he returned after criminal charges were dropped, only to . face similar accusations of sexually abusing a young French writer. When . those allegations were also abandoned, he was then confronted with more . claims he used hookers supplied by a vice network in Lille, northern . France. He now stands . accused of conspiring with pimps to procure girls for sex parties around . the world, and of knowing fraudulently obtained money was being paid to . the prostitutes. Strauss-Kahn . confessed to attending many group sex sessions but insisted he did not . know the young women were hookers and that he often had sex with . 'willing girls' in their 20s. He is now under 'judicial control' on 385,000 bail until judges rule later this year on whether he should stand trial over the accusations. The hugely experienced economist has meanwhile made a discreet return to public life, giving a speech on the global finances in China and advising the Greek government on their massive debts.
highlights: Former IMF chief reached deal to end all US legal action for sexual assault . DSK still accused of conspiring to procure girls for sex parties in France . Recently returned to public life, giving speech on global finances in China .
id: 620430ef8856e4ca30aa236c70a6bb8a30c16ade
chatgpt: Former International Monetary Fund (IMF) chief Dominique Strauss-Kahn (DSK) has reached a settlement to end all legal action against him in the United States over a sexual assault case that made headlines in 2011. The case, which involved allegations made by a hotel maid, led to DSK's resignation from the IMF and his public downfall. While the legal battle in the US may be over, DSK is still facing accusations in France related to procuring girls for sex parties. The settlement reached with the US legal authorities ends a highly publicised criminal case against DSK, though he has always maintained his innocence. The deal, which has not been publicly disclosed, was reported to have been agreed upon in the last few days. It is believed to bring an end to criminal charges, as well as a civil lawsuit brought against him by the maid, Nafissatou Diallo. DSK's recent return to public life has been met with scrutiny following the highly publicised sexual assault charges, with some questioning the appropriateness of his reappearance on the global stage. Despite this, DSK has continued to speak out on issues related to global finances, most recently giving a speech in China where he discussed the economic implications of the COVID-19 pandemic. While his legal troubles have now been resolved in the US, DSK is still facing accusations that he conspired to procure girls for sex parties in France. Charges were originally filed against him in 2012, and while some of these charges were dropped due to a lack of evidence, others related to the 'aggravated pimping' of individuals have remained. The allegations made against DSK in France were the subject of intense media scrutiny, leading to his public condemnation and further eroding his reputation. While he is yet to stand trial in relation to these accusations, the possibility of a conviction could have serious implications for his future. The settlement reached with US legal authorities comes as a relief to DSK, who has faced serious legal and personal challenges in recent years. The terms of the settlement have not been made public, and it is unclear what impact this may have on his ongoing legal challenges in France. Nevertheless, DSK's continued public appearances are likely to draw scrutiny from those who have followed the stories both in France and elsewhere. While some may welcome his return to the public eye, others may view his resurgence with suspicion and scepticism. For now, the legal case against DSK in the United States has been brought to a close, and he is free to continue speaking out on issues related to global finance. However, the ongoing charges in France serve as a reminder that his past continues to cast a shadow over his future, and that questions about his conduct are far from settled.