article: By . Valerie Elliott . Mementoes: Possessions of the late Clarissa Dickson Wright are being sold to clear her debts . A lifetime of quirky mementoes collected by celebrity cook and bombastic pro-hunting campaigner Clarissa Dickson Wright are going under the hammer this week to clear her debts. Items to be auctioned off include unusual antique kitchen gadgets, her cherished collections of ceramic pigs – and even a scrawled bomb threat from an anti-bloodsport extremist. Thursday’s sale is expected to raise more than £30,000 – more than enough to cover an outstanding £17,000 tax and funeral bill. Clarissa, half of TV’s Two Fat Ladies, left just £8,000 when she died aged 66 in March. Among the antique books, countryside paintings and personal items are her scruffy size seven walking boots, expected to raise about £40, an unusual citrus peel slicer (£40), a Victorian ham boiler (£25) and a silver marrow scoop (£80) used to eat bone marrow. Country pursuit items include a stirrup cup shaped with a hare’s head (£40) a hunting knife (£70) and a print of flying pigs named after Clarissa’s pet hates, Defra [the Department for Rural Affairs], Tony [Blair’s] Promises and Supermarkets, £10 to £20. Clarissa inherited a fortune but became an alcoholic and was three times bankrupt. Her friend David Morris said: ‘Clarissa was extraordinarily generous and I wasn’t surprised she left very little. But she wished her debts to be settled and the best option was a sale. You will see from the items Clarissa lived a humble life.’ The items are being sold by Carlisle-based Thomson, Roddick & Medcalf. Picture of youth: Clarissa grew up in St John's Wood, London, in grandeur. Her neighbour, distinguished artist Joseph Oppenheimer, sketched this pastel . Double barrelled: Clarissa never used this gun cleaning kit, considering a bit of country muck as a badge of honour . Tools of the trade: They look like instruments of torture, but this lot comprises 19th Century kitchen implements . Time to cook: This fun chef's watch has whisk and spatula hands and a face decorated with moulds. Three times bankrupt Clarissa also collected pigs and piggy banks, including this tartan example (right).
highlights: Auction includes unusual antique kitchen gadgets and ceramic pigs . Sale is expected to raise more than £30,000 - covering debts and funeral bill . Clarissa, half of TV's Two Fat Ladies, left just £8,000 when she died .
id: 8f1e48ae563a4bcdf2f1baef0285bd8510fd2593
chatgpt: An auction of antique kitchen gadgets and ceramic pigs belonging to the late Clarissa Dickson Wright is expected to raise more than £30,000. The sale will cover the debts of the television personality and chef, as well as her funeral bill.  Clarissa Dickson Wright was best known as one half of the culinary duo, "Two Fat Ladies". She passed away in March of 2014 at the age of 66, leaving behind an estate valued at just £8,000. Her colorful life included a period of alcoholism, as well as a successful career in law before making her name in the culinary world.  The auction includes a number of unusual items from Dickson Wright's collection of antique kitchen gadgets, as well as a large number of ceramic pigs. The collection has been overseen by the auction house Dreweatts, which is expecting a high level of interest from collectors and fans of the Two Fat Ladies.  "Clarissa was always known for her love of unusual items and quirky collections," said an expert from Dreweatts. "We are expecting to see a lot of interest in this sale from her fans, as well as from collectors of kitchen gadgets and vintage ceramics." Among the lots up for auction are a number of vintage egg cups, as well as a rare butter churn and a set of Victorian jelly moulds. The collection also includes a number of pig-themed items, including ceramic pig-shaped salt and pepper shakers and a large collection of pig-themed cookie jars. "We are expecting to see a lot of interest in the pieces from the pig collection," said the Dreweatts expert. "Clarissa had a real affinity for pigs, and had a large collection of pig-themed items that were dear to her heart." The funds raised from the sale of these items will go towards covering the late chef's remaining debts and her funeral arrangements. It is hoped that the auction will also serve as a celebration of Clarissa's life and her love of unusual and quirky items.  "Clarissa was a larger than life character, and her collection of kitchen gadgets and ceramic pigs is a reflection of her unique personality," said the Dreweatts expert. "We hope that this auction will give her fans and collectors the chance to own a little piece of her legacy."