article: Hong Kong (CNN)Hong Kong's unpopular chief executive C.Y. Leung, nicknamed "the wolf" by detractors, has one Lunar New Year's request for his city's people: . Be more like sheep. "Last year was no easy ride for Hong Kong," said the pro-Beijing leader in an official statement released Wednesday. "In the coming year, I hope that all people in Hong Kong will take inspiration from the sheep's character and pull together in an accommodating manner to work for Hong Kong's future. "Sheep are widely seen to be mild and gentle animals living peacefully in groups," explained Leung. At first glance, the statement might seem innocent enough -- perhaps even cute. But it's a sharp rebuke to thousands of Hong Kongers who staged a massive protest just three months ago in an unsuccessful call for Leung's resignation. Popularly known as the "Umbrella Movement," demonstrators occupied major roads for over two months and demanded genuine universal suffrage: the right to nominate and elect their next leader. Leung -- who was elected by a small committee dominated by Beijing loyalists -- staunchly resisted the protests. Alan Leong, a legislator who participated in the demonstrations, was horrified by Leung's New Year wish. "Does he know he has been called a wolf by Hong Kong people?" he said. "So is it the wolf speaking, wanting Hong Kong people to behave like sheep, so as to be slaughtered and eaten up by him? "I think it's crazy, and he is sick." The leader's lupine nickname is well-known in the city. In late 2013, a protester hurled an IKEA stuffed wolf at Leung, causing the toy to sell out in stores across the city. Although Hong Kong's pro-democracy street occupations have been dispersed, fierce discontent remains among residents who feel the former British colony's values are collapsing under the weight of mainland China's influence. Protesters have repeatedly vowed to organize new forms of civil disobedience this year. When the largest street camps were cleared in December, many demonstrators left banners with a simple message: "We'll be back."
highlights: Hong Kong's pro-Beijing leader C.Y. Leung asks city's residents to be like 'sheep' Leung's nickname among detractors is 'wolf'
id: b4d879add6a7f02db7d387a74f90b7bfd063c0a2
chatgpt: Hong Kong's Chief Executive, C.Y. Leung, has drawn criticism after he asked the city's residents to be like 'sheep.' Leung, who has faced calls for his resignation from pro-democracy protesters, made the remark during a speech encouraging residents to embrace the mainland Chinese government's plans for Hong Kong.  Leung's request to be 'sheep' was seen by many as an attempt to stifle dissent and criticism of his leadership. His detractors have long referred to him as a 'wolf', accusing him of being a puppet of Beijing and ignoring the needs and desires of Hong Kong's citizens.  The comment has been met with a wave of backlash across social media, with many Hong Kongers expressing their frustration over Leung's continued efforts to impose Chinese ideals on the city.  "The Chief Executive is supposed to represent our interests and protect the autonomy of Hong Kong," said one Facebook user. "But instead, he is asking us to be silent and obedient like 'sheep.' We will not stand for it." Leung's critics say that his call for conformity is part of a broader trend towards authoritarianism in Hong Kong, as Beijing seeks to exert greater control over the city.  Over the past year, protests in the city have escalated as citizens push back against what they see as China's attempts to erode their democratic rights. In September, tens of thousands of Hong Kongers took to the streets to demand the right to choose their own leaders, a demand that Beijing has dismissed as "illegal and useless." Leung, who was handpicked for the role of Chief Executive by Beijing, has long been seen as a symbol of China's growing influence in the city. His recent remarks, however, have prompted renewed calls for his resignation, with critics arguing that he is no longer capable of representing the interests of Hong Kong's citizens.  As Hong Kong's political crisis continues, it remains unclear how Leung's controversial remarks will impact his already tenuous position. But one thing is certain: the people of Hong Kong are unlikely to take kindly to being compared to 'sheep.'