article: By . Amanda Williams . Amazon has caused outrage by defending the use of the c-word by a retailer on its website as 'light-heated' and inoffensive. The internet retail giant argued the word - widely regarded as the most offensive of all swearwords -  was not likely to offend any particular group, such as women. The Advertising Standards Authority banned the internet advert for a Christmas card which featured the text: 'You're a c***. Sorry, I meant to say "Merry Christmas".' Amazon has caused outrage by defending the use of the c word by a retailer on its website as 'light-heated' and inoffensive . The ASA said it was banning the ad under harm and offence rules in the advertising code, and on the grounds that it was likely to cause serious or widespread offence. Defending its use, Amazon wrote to the ASA claiming it should not have been banned because 'the card was not offensive, aggressive or lewd in its message. It was meant as a bit of light-hearted, irreverent fun', the Guardian reports. It added that the card did not target any particular group, and was not likely to cause offence to any particular race, religion, gender, sexual orientation, disability or age. The company behind the card, Smellyourmum.com, used a BBC  documentary . devoted to the word and its derivation as part of its defence. The company behind the card, Smellyourmum.com, used a BBC  documentary devoted to the word and its derivation as part of its defence . It argued that as The History of the C-Word, broadcast on BBC3 in 2007, used the word . repeatedly and reached a larger audience than its adverts, it was acceptable for the company to use it in its . advertising. It also said it had added 'Merry Christmas' as a 'positive qualifier'. Nicola Mendelsohn, chairman of advertising agency Karmarama, told the Guardian she was stunned at Amazon's attitude, as it is one of the most 'vulgar, dreadful words.' In its submission to the ASA Amazon said that just because a 'small minority' find the word offensive the product should not be banned from being made available for sale the public. It also asked whether the ASA should be ruling on the card at all, as it was a product not an advert. The ASA said that the product listing was an advertisement and therefore it was 'entirely appropriate' for it to be investigating the complaint.
highlights: It said it was  not likely to offend any particular group, such as women . Advert featured on site which showed a christmas card for sale . It said 'You're a c***. Sorry, I meant to say "Merry Christmas".' Company behind it used BBC documentary about word in its defence .
id: 3c53d3d3a10bd62cabcf9889b3235526e0168fe8
chatgpt: An online store is under fire for an advertisement that many people have found distasteful and offensive. The ad, which featured on the site, showcased a Christmas card for sale. However, rather than a cheerful message for the holiday season, the card read "You're a c***. Sorry, I meant to say Merry Christmas." The advertisement has received severe backlash, with many people expressing their disappointment and anger over the use of such offensive language. The company behind the ad, however, has defended their decision, stating that the ad did not target any particular group or individual, such as women. In their defence, the company cited a BBC documentary about the use of the C-word in British culture. The documentary has sparked debate about the word's cultural significance and when it is appropriate to use it. The company behind the advertisement claims that since the word has been the subject of a documentary, it is now a valid theme to use in advertising. Many people have taken issue with the company's defence, stating that there is a significant difference between discussing the use of a word in a cultural context and using the same word in an advertisement. They argue that the latter is inappropriate and offensive, regardless of whether or not it targets a specific group. In response to the controversy surrounding the advertisement, the company has issued an apology stating that the ad did not intend to cause offense or upset anyone. They claim that the ad was meant to be humorous and light-hearted but acknowledge that many people found it to be in poor taste. Some critics have pointed out that this is not the first time that this company has faced backlash over its advertising. In the past, they have been accused of being insensitive and offensive in their marketing campaigns. As a result, many people are now calling for a boycott of the company's products. The use of inappropriate language in advertising is a contentious issue, with many people feeling that companies should exercise greater care and sensitivity. While some argue that freedom of speech should allow for the use of such language, it is clear that using offensive language in advertising can cause real harm and upset to many people. Companies must, therefore, be mindful of their advertising campaigns and the impact that they may have on their customers.