article: Tiger Woods finally arrived at Valhalla Golf Club on Wednesday to begin his preparations for the 96th US PGA Championship. Woods' participation was in serious doubt after he withdrew from the WGC-Bridgestone Invitational during Sunday's final round, the former world number one looking in severe pain from his back after hitting his tee shot on the ninth hole. The 38-year-old, who underwent back surgery on March 31, was scheduled to play a practice round at 2pm local time. VIDEO Scroll down for World No.1 Rory McIlroy looks forward to US PGA Championship . Fighting fit: Tiger Woods arrives at Valhalla for his PGA Championship practice round . Smooth: The American golfer looked calm in his preparations, intent on recovering from injury . Empty space: There were doubts the former world number one would make it to Valhalla . Woods won the US PGA the last time it was staged here in 2000, but did not play in the Ryder Cup in 2008 and the course has since undergone extensive renovation led by designer Jack Nicklaus. Woods is scheduled to tee off at 8:35am local time on Thursday alongside Phil Mickelson and Padraig Harrington, but could still decide to withdraw and miss three of the year's four majors for the first time in his career. Knee surgery in 2008 to replace his anterior cruciate ligament - just after his last major victory in the US Open at Torrey Pines - forced him to miss the Open and US PGA Championship. In 2011 he failed to tee it up at the US Open and the Open because of an Achilles complaint. Injury: Woods injured his back playing this shot last week . Asked on Sunday if he had suffered the same injury which led to the operation in March, Woods told reporters: 'It's just the whole lower back. It happened on the second hole when I hit my second shot. I fell back into the bunker. Just jarred it. It's been spasming ever since.' Woods missed the cut in his first event back at the end of June and then suffered his worst ever 72-hole finish in a major championship as a professional, ending up 69th in the Open at Royal Liverpool despite an opening 69. He had previously spoken about being 'pain-free' for the first time in two years, but told his pre-tournament press conference in Akron that other people who had undergone the same surgery 'had no idea' how he was able to play again so quickly.
highlights: Woods due to begin practice round at 7pm BST . Injured back in WGC-Bridgestone Invitational on Sunday . Underwent back surgery on March 31 .
id: b7de2e0272fca08bf8db99bf8f54b48193c46205
chatgpt: Golf fans around the world are eagerly waiting for the return of one of the sport's biggest stars. Tiger Woods is set to begin his practice round at 7pm BST, his first public appearance since his injured back forced him to withdraw from the WGC-Bridgestone Invitational on Sunday. Woods has been plagued by back issues in recent years, and underwent his fourth back surgery on March 31 in order to alleviate the pain. The 42-year-old has played just four events since returning from his latest surgery in December, including The Masters in April where he finished tied for 32nd. Despite his limited playing schedule, there is always a buzz around Woods when he steps onto the golf course. He is a 14-time major winner and one of the most successful golfers of all time, with fans and rivals alike eagerly anticipating his return to form. Woods' latest injury setback at the Bridgestone Invitational was particularly disappointing as he had been playing well up until that point. He was three shots off the lead when he withdrew on Sunday due to back spasms. His upcoming practice round is a step towards his potential return to competitive play. Whether he will be able to compete at the PGA Championship, which begins on August 9, remains to be seen. Woods has not won a major since the 2008 US Open, and many believe that his chances of adding to his tally are dwindling with each passing year. However, the golfing world would love to see him back at his best, challenging the likes of Dustin Johnson, Justin Thomas, and Jordan Spieth for major titles. Woods himself has spoken of his desire to return to the top of the sport, and he will be hoping that his latest injury setback does not derail his progress. For now, fans will be eagerly following his progress as he tests his back in the practice round. If all goes well, there may be hope that we will see the Tiger of old once again. Regardless, his presence in the game is always a welcome sight for golf fans, and his return to action, no matter how limited, is sure to generate interest and excitement. In conclusion, Woods' practice round at 7pm BST will be eagerly awaited by golf fans around the world, as he seeks to make a comeback from his latest injury setback. Despite his limited playing schedule, Woods remains one of the sport's biggest stars, and his potential return to form is sure to generate plenty of excitement and interest.