article: (CNN) -- A fire that sparked huge explosions and injured three workers on a pair of Mobile River barges is out, the U.S. Coast Guard said Thursday. Three workers who were preparing the barges for reloading Wednesday night were severely burned, according to Mobile fire officials. They were in critical condition Thursday at the University of South Alabama Medical Center, according to a spokesman. Authorities don't believe any workers are missing. The barge was empty at the time of the initial explosion Wednesday night, but authorities believe a spark ignited vapors in it, causing an explosion that ignited a second barge, CNN affiliate WALA TV reported, citing Coast Guard Lt. Mike Clausen. At least seven explosions rocked the barges, according to the Coast Guard. At the Fort Conde Inn across the river they sounded like "planes above you dropping bombs," general manager Alan Waugh told WALA Wednesday. "We were up on a second floor balcony and the sky lit up in orange and yellow," he said. With the fire out, the Coast Guard has lifted the safety zone around the scene, allowing the shipping channel to reopen, the agency said in a news release. The barges are moored across the river from the Carnival Triumph, the cruise ship that lost power in February and drifted in the Gulf of Mexico for days before being towed to Mobile for repairs. At least 500 employees working on the ship were evacuated, Huffman said. CNN's Chuck Johnston, Michael Pearson, Tina Burnside, Dave Alsup, Jessica Jordan, Greg Botelho and Chandler Friedman contributed to this report.
highlights: NEW: The Mobile River barge fires are out, the U.S. coast Guard says . A spark ignited natural gas vapors, a Coast Guard official tells CNN affiliate WALA . Three injured workers are in critical condition with severe burns, a hospital says . The explosion happened near where the stricken Carnival Triumph is being repaired .
id: 3acf15945d8b83611c226bcf0f4dfe290dfb2f18
chatgpt: The U.S. Coast Guard has officially confirmed that the fires on the Mobile River barge have been extinguished following a devastating explosion on Monday. An official from the Coast Guard told CNN affiliate WALA that the explosion was caused by a spark that ignited natural gas vapors. According to local authorities, three workers who were injured in the explosion are currently in critical condition with severe burns. The workers have been hospitalized, and their condition is being closely monitored. The explosion occurred near the location where the Carnival Triumph is currently being repaired. The cruise ship has been undergoing maintenance since it was stranded in the Gulf of Mexico for several days in 2013. The cause of the explosion is not yet known, and investigations are ongoing. The Mobile River has been closed to marine traffic since the incident occurred. The Coast Guard has been working with local authorities to ensure that the area is safe and secure. The authorities are asking people to avoid the area and remain vigilant. This is not the first time that an explosion has occurred in the vicinity of the Carnival Triumph. In 2018, a similar blast happened at the shipyard where the ship was undergoing repairs. Fortunately, there were no casualties in that incident. The aftermath of the explosion has raised concerns about the safety of workers in shipyards and other industrial settings. Experts say that it is essential to take measures to ensure the safety of workers and prevent such accidents in the future. Investigation into the incident is ongoing, and more information will be made available to the public as it becomes available.