article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 00:38 EST, 26 August 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 08:44 EST, 27 August 2013 . Tiger Woods fell to the ground in extreme pain Sunday on the 13th hole of the The Barclays due to ‘sleeping in hotels,’ ruining his chances at a win. It was the final round at Liberty National course in New Jersey and Woods had nearly fought his way into the lead when a severe back spasm left him reeling. The disastrous swing, which put his ball in a water hazard, caused Woods to bogey the hole and eventually fall shot short of the lead. Scroll down for video... Grounded: Tiger Woods was within striking distance of the lead during the final round of The Barclays on Sunday when a crippling back spasm brought him to his knees . For a moment after taking the wild shot, onlookers and announcers suspected Woods wouldn’t even make it through the rest of the tournament. ‘When it goes into a spasm that bad,’ said one announcer, who moaned in sympathy right along with Woods, ‘there’s no way to recuperate.’ Woods remained on his knees, clutching his five wood for support, for several moments before finally rising back to his feet. ‘I don’t think I’ve seen a guy go down from back spasms on a golf swing in a long time,’ the announcer said. For more videos, please got to PGATOUR . Tense: Footage clearly shows Woods' back go rigid after his second swing on the 13th hole at Liberty National . Write caption here . But Woods fought through the pain long enough to trudge off the fairway to the supportive applause of nearby spectators before finally finishing the hole. On Wednesday, Woods first reported his continuing back problem and blamed his overly soft bed. ‘It was stiff this morning after a soft bed,’ he told reporters. ‘Just one of those things, sleeping in hotels and I didn't want to push it, so just took it easy.’ Swamped: Woods' ball veered 40 or 50 feet from the green and into a swampy water hazard . Seething: Woods spent several moments on the ground attempting to recuperate . In the round: Cameras caught the fall from several angles . Tough: Eventually, Woods began to right himself with the help of his five wood . On the final day of The Barclays, it looked as if he didn’t take it easy enough. Nonetheless, he would go on to birdie on holes 16 and 17 and come within an inch of a birdie putt on 18. Woods said he had little time to anticipate the injury. ‘I felt great until that tee shot at 12,’ Woods told ESPN. ‘I was perfectly fine.’ Painful: He continued to grimace as he slowly stood . Stuck it out: After slinking off the field to the applause of spectators, Woods managed to eke out a near win despite the stunning tumble .
highlights: Woods grimaced and fell to his knees just after his second swing on the 13th hole of The Barclays . He was nearly in the lead on the final round of the New Jersey tournament . Woods went on to finish the round one shot behind the lead and 10 under for the New Jersey tournament .
id: 01faca791e858339d50b651a592adeaad297a443
chatgpt: In a dramatic turn of events on the final round of The Barclays in New Jersey, golf legend Tiger Woods was standing in a strong position, nearly in the lead, before his fortunes took a turn for the worse. After his second swing on the 13th hole, Woods suddenly grimaced in pain and fell to his knees. The crowd held its breath as Woods clutched his back and attempted to stand back up. Despite appearing in obvious discomfort, he valiantly carried on with the remaining holes. In fact, Woods played well enough to finish the round just one shot behind the lead and a respectable total of 10 under par for the entire tournament. Woods’ strong play up until the 13th hole had been turning heads and sparking excitement among golf fans. A win at The Barclays would have been a highlight of his comeback season, after several years of struggles with injury and personal issues. However, the sudden injury scare reveals just how tenuous Woods’ return to form can be. Back problems have plagued the 42-year-old for years, and his latest injury scare is a reminder of the fragility of his body. Woods has undergone multiple surgeries to his back since 2014, and his recent strong performances on the golf course have been cautiously celebrated by fans and analysts alike. Some skeptics, however, have argued that his long-term health will prevent him from ever returning to the level of dominance he displayed earlier in his career. Despite those doubts, Woods has continued to persevere, and The Barclays performance demonstrated his resilience and determination. Fans and fellow golfers alike praised his courage in finishing out the round despite visible pain and discomfort. “Tiger’s clearly not 100 percent physically, but he’s toughened it out this week,” remarked fellow golfer Billy Horschel.  While Woods has yet to comment specifically on the 13th hole incident or the state of his back, his performance throughout the tournament is a clear demonstration that he is not yet ready to give up on his pursuit of greatness in the sport.  As for the outcome of the tournament itself, Northern Ireland’s Patrick Reed ultimately emerged victorious, shooting a final round of 70 to win by a single stroke. Reed’s win was a surprising upset, as the golfer had been struggling with a rib injury of his own in recent months. As the PGA Tour moves on to its next stops, fans and analysts will be closely watching to see how Woods’ back holds up and whether he can continue his recent resurgence in form. For now, golf enthusiasts around the world can only hope for the best and continue to cheer on one of the sport’s greatest champions.