article: By . Joshua Gardner . PUBLISHED: . 17:05 EST, 10 February 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 14:05 EST, 11 February 2013 . It turns out there is one very big thing design and marketing guru Steve Jobs wanted to do before he died: design an Apple car. The Apple co-founder and CEO reportedly told associates he wanted to create an iCar, reports Business Insider. And Jobs reportedly told the Times' John Markoff, during a meeting prior to his death, that he wanted to 'take on Detroit.' iDream: The late Apple guru Steve Jobs hoped to one day see the creation of the iCar . iLegacy: Tim Cook (pictured) replaced Jobs as Apple's CEO and has continued Jobs' legacy of innovation. But will he one day fulfill the dream of an iCar? Longtime Apple board member Mickey Drexler, who is also the CEO of J. Crew, confirmed as much in May. Gcar: Apple's biggest rival, Google, has put considerable sums behind their driverless car . 'It's a tragedy in America. Who is designing the cars?' Drexler said. 'Steve's dream before he died was to design an iCar.' Drexler believes the never-realized Apple car could have made a serious impact in the American car market. 'It would've been probably 50% of the market. He never did design it,' he said. The New York Times revisited the late genius's unfulfilled dream Sunday in a piece about Apple's foray into another market, that of wearable technology. The tech giant is apparently poised to soon bring a watch-like wearable computer to the market with the help of a new, flexible glass developed by Corning. Though the iCar may still be a fantasy, Apple's largest rival Google has already famously put weight behind a self-driving car. The Google driverless car, as it's most often known, has been the subject of countless videos and news articles detailing the likelihood (or unlikelihood) of its success or even feasibility. Whether Google will succeed or not remains to be seen, but the search giant is currently the only name in tech pumping untold research dollars into automobile research and development. Car loving Apple devotees need not lose all hope, though. Some big names in Apple leadership, Eddy Cue and Phil Schiller, are both big time car fans. In fact, Cue is even on the board of Ferrari. So, iCar dreamers, stay tuned.
highlights: The deceased Apple CEO wanted to design a vehicle that could take on Detroit automakers . Current Apple big wigs may still be keeping iCar hope alive .
id: e988dad6cf8be21a63b8f701ecf6a427bc0e0aaf
chatgpt: The late Apple CEO, Steve Jobs, had a vision to design a vehicle that could rival the established auto manufacturers of Detroit. In the years following his death, there have been rumors of an impending "iCar" project from Apple, with industry experts weighing in on the likelihood of such a venture. Despite initial setbacks and reported roadblocks, current Apple executives may still be holding onto the hope of developing a car. The company has quietly hired more automotive engineers in recent years, with reports suggesting that they may be working on autonomous driving software, among other technologies. While details remain scarce, the prospect of an Apple vehicle has certainly stirred up buzz in the tech and auto industries. Some analysts have expressed skepticism, pointing to the complexities and high costs associated with building a car from scratch. Others, however, see potential for Apple to disrupt the traditional auto market with innovative designs and cutting-edge technology. With a track record of disrupting industries with the introduction of new products like the iPhone and iPad, Apple's entry into the auto industry could have a major impact. Apple may also be able to leverage its existing brand recognition and loyal customer base to gain a foothold in the car market. The company's focus on user experience and design could also set it apart from competitors. However, developing a car is a complex and capital-intensive process. Apple would need to invest significant resources in research and development, manufacturing facilities, and supply chain logistics to bring a car to market. Still, the rumors and speculation around an Apple vehicle continue to circulate. Only time will tell whether the tech giant will go all-in on developing a car to take on the likes of Ford, General Motors, and other established automakers. One thing is certain: Steve Jobs' vision of an Apple-branded vehicle still holds the imagination of both fans and critics alike. Whether or not the company eventually brings an iCar to market, it's clear that the idea of Apple upending the auto industry continues to captivate the public's attention.