article: By . David Williams . Locked into wire mesh cages, four men including a former BBC producer are paraded before a court in Cairo. They were marched from their cells in white prison uniform to face accusations of terror-related offences. Peter Greste, who worked for the BBC in Afghanistan, Latin America and Africa, is among three journalists and 17 others charged with providing a platform to the outlawed Muslim Brotherhood group of the democratically-elected former president Mohamed Morsi. Paraded: Defendants in the cages of the Cairo courtroom at a previous hearing. Defendants include (left to right) Student Suhaib Saeed, and Al-Jazeera journalists Peter Greste, Mohamed Fahmy and Baher Modhamed . Australian journalist and former BBC correspondent Peter Greste stands inside a cage during the trial, where he called accusations that he was supporting a terrorist group 'preposterous' Suhaib Saeed, left, a student who is charged with helping three al Jazeera journalists falsify news accounts about Egypt, wore a t-shirt whose Arabic inscription read 'Scorpion Prison in Egypt's Guantanamo' The three journalists were arrested after the military backed government of Egypt declared the Muslim Brotherhood a terrorist organisation, in their Cairo hotel where they had set up a temporary office . In an unusual move, the judge, Mohammed Nagi Shehata, eventually allowed the defendants to approach the bench to deliver their pleas in a previous hearing . The 45-year-old Australian, who works . for Arab TV channel Al Jazeera, describes the charges as ‘preposterous’ and an international campaign has been launched to secure his . release. Mr Greste and two other defendants asked to be freed on . bail. Australian Journalist Peter Greste had only been in the country for two weeks before being arrested . Judge Mohammed Nagi . Shehata denied the requests, despite international pressure and . allegations that the charges have been made up because of hostility . between the Doha-based TV station and Egyptian authorities. Mr Greste told the judge he had been in Egypt for only two weeks before his arrest. ‘The . idea that I could have an association with the Muslim Brotherhood is . frankly preposterous,’ he said. ‘Our only desire at this point is to . continue to fight and clear our names from outside of prison.’ Al . Jazeera English bureau chief Mohamed Fahmy, who holds dual . Canadian-Egyptian citizenship, also denied links to the Muslim . Brotherhood, saying he was an alcohol-drinking liberal who had lived . abroad for a long time. ‘Have you ever heard of a Muslim terrorist that drinks alcohol?’ he asked. Other defendants claimed they had been abused and tortured during interrogation. Mr . Greste’s parents had hoped he would be released after Australian Prime . Minister Tony Abbott took up the case with interim Egyptian President . Adly Mansour. The hearing came days after a judge sentenced to death hundreds of Egyptians with alleged links to the Muslim Brotherhood. Many of the defendants have claimed the conditions in the Egyptian holding cells are akin to Guantanamo Bay, with one defendant asking for bail so that he could attend a private hospital for a broken arm .
highlights: Journalists accused of altering footage to support Muslim Brotherhood . Muslim Brotherhood branded a terrorist group by the Egyptian government . Australian producer Peter Greste called the charges 'preposterous' Journalists are among 20 defendants accused of being terrorists . Most of the rest are pro-Morsi Muslim Brotherhood members . Many defendants have made claims of torture by Egyptian government .
id: bab0075517bb89c5fb3ee4d9e9ae0f646d974d56
chatgpt: Several journalists, including Australian producer Peter Greste, have been accused of altering footage to support the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt, which has been classified as a terrorist group by the government. The charges against the journalists are part of a larger crackdown on the Brotherhood, with many of the defendants being members of the group or supporters of former President Mohamed Morsi. Greste, who works for Al Jazeera, was arrested in December along with fellow journalists Mohamed Fahmy and Baher Mohamed. They were accused of "spreading false news" and aiding a terrorist organization. The trial, which has been widely criticized by human rights groups, has been ongoing for several months. In court on Tuesday, Greste called the charges "preposterous," saying that his coverage of the Brotherhood was fair and balanced. He urged the court to drop the charges and release him and his colleagues. However, the prosecution asserted that the journalists were working to undermine the Egyptian state by presenting a biased view of events. They claimed that the footage used by the journalists was doctored to support the Brotherhood's position, and that the group was seeking to undermine the stability of the country. The case has highlighted the challenges faced by journalists in Egypt, where press freedom has been severely curtailed since the military ouster of Morsi last year. Many journalists have been arrested, and several foreign news organizations have had their offices raided and equipment seized. Human rights groups have criticized the Egyptian government for using the pretext of national security to crack down on dissent and silence opposition voices. They say that the charges against the journalists are part of a wider pattern of persecution aimed at undermining press freedom and stifling criticism. Many of the defendants in the trial, including members of the Muslim Brotherhood, have also claimed that they were tortured during their detention. They say that they were subjected to beatings, electric shocks, and other forms of abuse in order to extract confessions or information. The Egyptian government has denied that torture is taking place, and has said that it is committed to upholding human rights and respecting international law. However, rights groups say that the evidence of abuse is overwhelming, and that the government must be held accountable for its actions. The fate of the journalists and other defendants in the trial remains uncertain. In the face of mounting pressure, the Egyptian government may seek to release them or reduce the severity of the charges. However, with tensions running high and the Brotherhood still a major force in Egyptian politics, it is unlikely that the crackdown on dissent will end anytime soon. As the trial continues to unfold, many are watching closely to see whether justice will be served, and whether Egypt will be able to move beyond its current crisis and toward a more democratic and tolerant future.