article: By . Leesa Smith . AFL footy legend James Hird is selling his Melbourne mansion and is tipped to get $2 million more than he purchased the palatial property for three years ago. The suspended Essendon Bombers coach, who will return to the club in two weeks, bought the five-bedroom property in the affluent suburb of Toorak for $2.76 million in 2011 and is predicted to go under the hammer for up to $4.75million on Saturday according to domain.com.au. However, Property Observer has reported that the house has been on the market since February this year and with expressions of interest due on March 25. This followed a failed expressions of interest marketing campaign back in May 2012. AFL footy legend James Hird is selling his Melbourne mansion and is tipped to get $2 million more than he purchased the palatial property for three years ago . A sparkling turquoise pool is surrounded by manicured gardens at the lavish property . The outdoor setting perfect for hosting barbecues especially in the warmer months . The lavish home at 7 Toorak Avenue is believed to be an investment property for the Hird family who have been living in another Toorak house since 1998 which was purchsed for $2.4million. The 837 square metre site has been luxuriously renovated and is located just a stone’s throw from Kooyong Village. Among the elaborate features are French limestone fireplaces, Swarovski crystal chandeliers and a sparkling turquoise pool surrounded by manicured gardens. The sale comes just a few weeks after the couple and their children returned from a four-month holiday in France amid controversy surrounding Hird’s future with the Bombers following the doping scandal within the club. But it has been decided although Hird will return to the club when his 12-month suspension ends on August 25, he will not play an active role as coach until the start of the 2015 season. Swarovski crystal chandeliers are just some of the elaborate features in the five bedroom home . The 837 square metre site has been luxuriously renovated such as this bath tub where you could relax for hours on end . The spacious living area with terrace doors opening up onto the swimming pool . French limestone fireplaces are a theme throughout the rooms in the luxurious home . You would never need to go on holidays as the backyard has a relaxing resort feel to it . The property at 7 Toorak Avenue is conveniently located just a stone's throw from Kooyong Village . The elegant spacious and well-lit dining room leads up to a grand stairway . The Hird's bought the $2.76 million property in 2011 and is predicted to go under the hammer for up to $4.75million on Saturday .
highlights: Footy legend James Hird is selling his Melbourne mansion and is tipped to get $2 million more than he purchased the property for three years ago . Returning Essendon Bombers coach bought the five-bedroom property for $2.76 million in 2011 and is predicted to get for up to $4.75million . The Toorak home boasts French limestone fireplaces and Swarovski crystal chandeliers . It is believed to be an investment property for the Hird's who have been living in another Toorak house since 1998 which was bought for $2.4million .
id: 3f38e2915ece5cf609b85c333f0ca3559f445cbe
chatgpt: Former AFL player and returning Essendon Bombers coach, James Hird, is set to make a hefty profit off the sale of his Melbourne mansion. The luxurious five-bedroom property in Toorak, which Hird purchased for $2.76 million in 2011, is expected to fetch up to $4.75 million in the current market. Hird, who has been living in another Toorak property with his family since 1998, purchased the mansion as an investment property. The move proved to be a wise one, as the property's value has skyrocketed in recent years. The mansion boasts opulent features, including French limestone fireplaces and Swarovski crystal chandeliers, making it a truly magnificent home. It is no surprise that property experts predict that Hird will receive a substantial financial return for the sale of this stunning property. Hird's decision to sell comes as no surprise given his recent return to coaching. The former footballer was recently rehired by the Essendon Bombers, the club with which he had previously been both a player and coach. With the demands of his role, it is likely that Hird has decided to streamline his assets in preparation for the new chapter in his career. The sale of the property is expected to garner a significant amount of interest from buyers who are keen to own a slice of Toorak's desirable real estate. Situated in one of Melbourne's most exclusive suburbs, the mansion offers privacy and luxury in equal measure. Over the years, the affluent neighbourhood of Toorak has become renowned for its upmarket properties, with many of Australia's elite calling it home. While Hird's mansion is no doubt a desirable property, it is the location that truly sets it apart. The leafy streets of Toorak are dotted with restaurants, cafes and boutique shops, making it a prime destination for those seeking the finer things in life. The suburb is well-connected to the rest of the city, with ample public transport options available and a range of prestigious schools in the area. Hird's decision to sell his mansion is a reminder of the ever-changing nature of the Australian property market. With the right investment, it is entirely possible to turn a handsome profit in just a few short years. As Hird has demonstrated, knowing when to buy and when to sell can make all the difference. Overall, the sale of Hird's mansion offers buyers the opportunity to own a truly exquisite property in one of Melbourne's most sought-after locations. With its luxurious features and prime position, it is likely to attract a flurry of interest from those seeking the ultimate in refined living. Only time will tell what this mansion will ultimately sell for, but one thing is for sure: it is set to command a premium price in today's market.