article: A woman and her two children have died after she jumped from the 30th floor of an apartment building while holding her daughters, aged one and two, following a row with her boyfriend. The father of the two girls, Carlos Pinto, 33, needed to be sedated after his partner Lucia Brum Padilla grabbed their two daughters and jumped off the balcony of their flat, killing herself and the girls. Mr Pinto and Ms Padilla, 20, both from Uruguay, were living in the Chilean capital Santiago. Lucia Brum Padilla  jumped to her death holding her two daughters (pictured together left) - leaving their father and her boyfriend Carlos Pinto (right) in an extreme state of shock . Neighbours reported hearing the couple shouting and screaming at each other about his friendship with another woman. They realised things had spiralled out of control when they heard screams and passers-by saw the young woman clutching her two daughters - aged one and two - as she fell. The neighbours ran into the flat where they found Mr Pinto hysterical and restrained him as he then tried to jump from the building, located in Santiago's Estacion Central neighbourhood. Neighbour Casiana Collazo Armas, who was friends with the young woman, told local TV: 'She had been depressed and was unhappy about a number of things. 'The couple had been together for years and had lived here in Chile since 2012 although they had never legally married.' Uruguayan ambassador Rodolfo Camarosano said: 'We are in permanent contact with the father of the babies, with his brother and with the woman's family in Uruguay. Mr Pinto is in a very bad state.' Police have started an investigation to find out the exact circumstances of the incident. The couple, both from Uruguay, lived together in the Chilean capital Santiago (pictured)
highlights: Lucia Brum Padilla, 20, jumped 30 stories from a building following row . The father of the two girls who died in the fall said to be in extreme shock . Neighbours heard the couple arguing about his friendship with a woman . They had to restrain Uruguyan Carlos Pinto, 33, from jumping himself .
id: f4ea0fdb6908cd53997a172790fd0e0db881dbd6
chatgpt: A tragic incident occurred yesterday in Montevideo, Uruguay, when Lucia Brum Padilla, a 20-year-old woman, jumped 30 stories from a building after a heated argument with her partner. The incident took place in the Punta Carretas neighbourhood, leaving onlookers stunned. According to reports from neighbours, the couple had been arguing about her partner's friendship with another woman. Mr Pinto is said to have been in "extreme shock" after the incident happened. The couple's two daughters also fell from the building and tragically did not survive. Eyewitnesses said that they heard the heated argument between the couple before seeing Lucia jumping from the building. The fall was witnessed by several people who called the emergency services immediately. Sadly, the young woman was pronounced dead at the scene. Lucia’s father, who was present at the scene, said that he was in disbelief over what had happened. The father of the two children who died in the fall, Carlos Pinto, was restrained by neighbours from jumping himself. He had been arguing with Lucia before the jump. The local authorities have started an investigation into the incident. The Montevideo police have released a statement saying that they are investigating the incident and will provide more information when it is available. The couple was said to be in a long-term relationship and had been living together for several years with their two children. However, they had been experiencing difficulties in their relationship recently. This incident is a stark reminder of the importance of mental health awareness and services for people dealing with relationship difficulties. Our deepest condolences go out to the family and friends of Lucia Brum Padilla during this difficult time.