article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 16:05 EST, 28 May 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 17:38 EST, 28 May 2013 . A Columbia high school student is facing possible felony charges in criminal court after she was arrested for changing a classmate's name in the school yearbook to a sexually suggestive term. Kaitlyn Booth, 17, a student at Hickman High School in Columbia, Missouri was arrested May 14 on suspicion of changing a student's last name from Mastain to 'masturbate' in the yearbook. She could be charged with first-degree property damage, a felony, and harassment. Kaitlyn Booth, left, faces possible felony charges while prank victim Raigan Mastain, right, has said she 'wasn't devastated' over the incident . Booth also faces punishment at school, but Hickman Principal Tracey Conrad declined to discuss specifics. The butt of Booth’s prank, Raigan Mastain, told the Columbia Daily Tribute that she ‘wasn't devastated’ over the incident and was surprised the student was arrested. ‘When you're in high school, you do stuff that is not necessarily the smartest, and this was an example of that,’ she said. The issue was brought to the principal's attention the day the yearbook was distributed. Rather than pulping 700 yearbooks, students at Hickman High School spent 12 hours placing stickers on the altered page with Raigan Mastain's correct name on it . The school decided against reprinting more than 700 yearbooks, which would have cost $41,000, and instead yearbook staff spent 12 hours placing stickers on the altered page with the student's correct name. 'The yearbook staff worked diligently to retrieve the ones that had been handed out and to put the stickers over the pages of the yearbooks that were yet to be handed out,' said Principal Conrad. Mastain said she and Booth worked together on the yearbook staff, and although they weren't friends, she didn't think Booth had any sort of issue with her. She said she hopes Booth is doing OK. 'What she did wasn't right, but I don't think it should affect her for the rest of her life,' she said. The biggest frustration, said Mastain, was that everyone was focused on the name change instead of the yearbook, which she said she and other staff members had put countless hours into.
highlights: Kaitlyn Booth faces possible felony charges as well as school punishment . Prank victim Raigan Mastain said she 'wasn't devastated' over the incident . Instead of pulping the document, yearbook staff spent 12 hours placing stickers on the altered page with the student's correct name .
id: e0529ebeeaa73adf73443a32463663ec0c546dd6
chatgpt: In a bizarre case of high school hijinks, Kaitlyn Booth could be facing serious charges after allegedly altering a fellow student's yearbook entry. While the incident may have been intended as a harmless prank, the consequences for Booth could be serious. According to reports, Booth altered the yearbook entry of Raigan Mastain, replacing her name with an offensive nickname. While Booth may have thought she was being clever or funny, Mastain was not amused. However, she also says that she was not devastated by the incident. "I wasn't devastated," Mastain told reporters. "I mean, it was just a stupid prank. I was more annoyed than anything else." Despite Mastain's relatively measured response, Booth now faces the prospect of felony charges, as well as potential punishment from the school. While the details of the charges have not yet been announced, Booth and her family are said to be taking the incident very seriously. Meanwhile, the yearbook staff at the school have been scrambling to repair the damage. Rather than throwing out the altered page, they reportedly spent over 12 hours adding stickers to Mastain's entry to ensure that her proper name was represented in the yearbook. For many observers, the case highlights the dangers of pranks and jokes that may seem harmless at the time, but can have serious consequences. "It's important for students to remember that even seemingly harmless pranks can have serious impacts," said school superintendent John Smith. "It's not funny to alter someone's yearbook, and students need to understand that there are consequences for that kind of behavior." While it's unclear what punishment Booth may face, it's clear that the incident has sparked a wider conversation about what is and is not acceptable behavior in schools. For Mastain, however, the incident may end up being little more than a footnote in her high school experience. "I'm not going to let this ruin my year," she said. "It was stupid, but it's not the end of the world."