article: Rafael Nadal was brought back down to earth with a bump by Dustin Brown in Halle. Four days after winning the French Open for a record ninth time, Nadal lost his opening match on the grass 6-4 6-1 in less than an hour. Brown, the flamboyant and big hitting Jamaican-German, was not the man Nadal would have wanted to meet as he tried to find his feet on the grass. Bags packed: Rafael Nadal did not last long at Halle, losing to Dustin Brown in straight sets . War cry: Brown beat Nadal 6-4, 6-1 in less than an hour . Hands up: Brown, ranked 85th, made light work of world No 1 Nadal . Serial winner: Nadal claimed a ninth French Open at Roland Garros on Sunday . The world No 1 looked to have adjusted well in the first set but Brown, who beat Lleyton Hewitt at Wimbledon last year, broke serve in the 10th game and did not look back. In the opening five games of the second set, Nadal won just five points and, although he stopped the rot eventually, 85th-ranked Brown confidently served out the best win of his life. Nadal had said before leaving Paris that his expectations for Halle were not high but, having won just one match in two years at Wimbledon, it is hardly ideal preparation. Off the pace: The Spaniard will have to up his game if he is going to make any impact at Wimbledon . Low key: Nadal had said his hopes for success in Halle were not high . Room for improvement: Nadal has only won one game at Wimbledon in the last two years . Defending champion Roger Federer avoided the same fate but did have a scare against Portugal's Joao Sousa. Second seed Federer lost the opening set on a tie-break but recovered to win 6-7 (8/10) 6-4 6-2. The Swiss was in a positive mood after the match, saying on the ATP's official website: 'It was slightly frustrating at times clearly, but nevertheless I served well and kept on doing my thing. 'It was important to stay calm and actually I think it gives me more confidence winning this way. I had to stay calm, fight through the match and find a way and then the last set and a half were much better. So, I'm actually pretty happy now.' Federer next meets Lu Yen-hsun, who defeated Ivo Karlovic in two tie-breaks, while American Steve Johnson was given a walkover into the quarter-finals by Teymuraz Gabashvili. Defending champion: Roger Federer won in Halle last year and progressed after beating Joao Sousa . Winning mentality: The second seed saw off his Portuguese opponent in three sets, 6-7 (8/10) 6-4 6-2 . Next on the agenda: Federer will now face Lu Yen-hsun in the next round of the tournament .
highlights: French Open champions makes bad start to grass court season . World No 1 lost in straight sets to 86th-ranked Dustin Brown . Rafael Nadal won at Roland Garros for the ninth time on Sunday . Nadal has only won two games at Wimbledon in last two years . Defending champion Roger Federer secures progress after scare .
id: 2a739277fe93841b0727dcb710b097e1c98517b1
chatgpt: French Open champion, Rafael Nadal, has had a poor start to the grass court season following his straight-set defeat to the 86th-ranked Dustin Brown. The World No. 1 lost to Brown on the opening day of the Mercedes Cup in Stuttgart, Germany.  Nadal's loss comes just a day after his historic triumph at Roland Garros for the ninth time on Sunday. Despite his impressive record on the clay courts of Paris, Nadal has struggled in recent years on the grass at Wimbledon. The Spaniard has only managed to win two games in the last two years. On the other hand, defending Wimbledon champion Roger Federer had a scare in his match against Mischa Zverev, but ultimately secured progress to the next round. Federer, who has won the prestigious tennis tournament eight times, showed some rust in his opening match, dropping his serve three times against the unseeded German. The Swiss master also struggled with his first serve, landing only 59% of them. However, Federer showed his class when it mattered the most and won the match 7-6 (7/3), 6-4 in just under two hours. Nadal's defeat is a worrying sign for the Spaniard ahead of Wimbledon, which commences on July 1st. The grass court tournament is known to be one of the most challenging for players who are used to playing on clay courts due to the difference in playing conditions that come along with the surface. Nadal has been struggling with injuries in recent years and is yet to win the Wimbledon title since 2010. With the current form he's in, things don't look particularly bright for Nadal with the competition just around the corner. Meanwhile, Federer will look to retain his title this year and add another feather in his already illustrious cap. The Swiss maestro has been in phenomenal form this year and has already won the Australian Open and reached the final of Indian Wells. Despite his age, Federer continues to defy logic with his impeccable tennis skills, and his performance in his opening match suggests he is eager to continue his winning ways. As the grass court season begins, tennis fans around the world are eagerly waiting to see how the championship progresses. With Nadal having a slow start and Federer looking in good form, the upcoming Wimbledon championship could see some exciting matches and a new winner emerge.