article: By . Associated Press . and Michael Zennie . A white Detroit man who killed a young, unarmed black woman on his porch heard her 'boom, boom, boom' at least four separate times before he opened the door and shot her in the face. The pounding caused Theodore Wafer to fear for his life, his defense lawyer argued today, and made his use of force justifiable under Michigan self-defense law. Jurors heard opening statements Wednesday in the trial of Wafer, who is charged with second-degree murder in the death of 19-year-old Renisha McBride last November in Dearborn Heights. The 55-year-old Wafer claims he acted in self-defense, but prosecutors say his actions were unreasonable. The shooting occurred around 4.30am, 3-and-a-half hours after McBride crashed her car about a half-mile away. An autopsy found she was drunk and had marijuana in her system. On trial: Theodore Wafer listens during opening arguments at his trial. He stands accused of second-degree murder . McBride's pounding on the door at such . an early hour led Wafer to think his life was in danger, defense . attorney Cheryl Carpenter told jurors. '"People . were trying to get in." That was reasonable for Ted to believe and . that's what he believed that night," Carpenter said, according to the . Detroit Free Press. 'Why? He doesn't have a clue.' McBride . had been smoking marijuana most of the day before she was killed. Her . friend, Amber Jenkins said that McBride had been at her house partying . that night. The pair played drinking games and smoked three blunts . together. Ms Jenkins estimated that McBride had half a fifth of New Amsterdam Vodka - which sells for about $12 to $14. Prosecutor Danielle Hagaman-Clark says Wafer could have called police instead of shooting McBride. Tragic: Renisha McBride, 19, was shot in the face and died on the porch of a Dearborn Heights, Michigan, house after she crashed her car while driving home from a party . Defense attorney Cheryl Carpenter says Wafer feared for his life. But Assistant Wayne County Prosecutor Danielle Hagaman-Clark told jurors that despite the loud noises of McBride knocking on Wafer's door - she was no threat to him and never was. 'There was no prying (of the doors) or no kicking,' she said, according to the Detroit News. The screen door, which Wafer fired through to shoot McBride, was still locked when police arrived. The shooting has stoked racial tensions in Detroit. McBride's family and community activists have compared her death to that of Trayvon Martin - another unarmed black teenager who was shot and killed by a man who claimed self-defense. The jury of 12 and two alternates is made up of seven men and seven women. Four jurors are black.
highlights: Theodore Wafer is accused of second-degree murder for killing Renisha McBride on his porch last November . Wafer's lawyers say she pounded on his door four times and that he was justified in fearing for his life because of the noise . McBridge had been smoking marijuana 'all day' and drank a half of a fifth of vodka with a friend the night before she was killed .
id: 6314d5fa7b2abbb20bccc0fe1628345ab69c5c39
chatgpt: Theodore Wafer, a resident of Dearborn Heights, Michigan, is facing second-degree murder charges for shooting and killing 19-year-old Renisha McBride. The incident took place on Wafer's porch in November of last year. According to Wafer's lawyers, McBride had been pounding on his door for a long time before he shot her. They argue that Wafer was frightened for his life because of the noise and that he acted in self-defense. Reports suggest that McBride had been smoking marijuana throughout the day before her death. She and a friend also drank half of a fifth of vodka the night before. The combination of alcohol and drugs could have contributed to McBride's behavior. The prosecution, on the other hand, is arguing that Wafer acted with malice when he shot McBride. They claim that he had no reason to fear for his life and that he should have called the police instead of taking matters into his own hands. McBride's family and supporters have criticized the defense's characterization of her behavior leading up to the shooting. They argue that she was unarmed, disoriented, and looking for help when she approached Wafer's home. The case is being closely watched by the media, the community, and civil rights advocates. Many see it as a tragic example of racial profiling and systemic bias against African Americans. Protesters have taken to the streets to demand justice for McBride and to push for reforms to the criminal justice system. The case has further ignited an already intense national debate about race relations and police brutality. As the trial continues, both sides will present their evidence and arguments to the jury. The outcome of the case will have significant repercussions for the justice system, the African American community, and the country as a whole.