article: Guinea reached the Africa Cup of Nations in bizarre fashion, after their name was pulled out of a hat ahead of Mali. After a 1-1 draw between the two sides in Bata on Wednesday night, they were level on three points apiece in Group D. Both sides had scored and conceded three goals, and could only be separated by the drawing of lots. Guinea qualified for the last eight of the Africa Cup of Nation at the expense of Mail after the drawing of lots . CAF General Secretary holds up the number two designating Guinea as the quarter-finalists . Modibo Maiga celebrates after scoring for Mail against Guinea in the Group D clash on Wednesday . The Mali players celebrate with goalscorer Maiga, formerly of West Ham . And it was Guinea who came out first, sending them through to play Ghana on Sunday, while Mali head home. With international press kept outside, the news broke in dramatic circumstances, with a Guinean delegate bursting out of the meeting shouting ‘We’ve qualified, we’ve qualified’ to the assembled crowd. It was a huge relief for the delegates from the Ebola-hit nation, who began celebrating openly outside the meeting, before calling the team hotel to tell the players the good news. Amara Dabo, from the Guinean sports ministry, was the man called upon to make the draw at a meeting of the tournament’s organizing committee. And he pulled out his own country ahead of Mali, who crash out of the competition despite not losing a game. Guinea midfielder Boubacar Fofana (right) vies with Mali's midfielder Yacouba Sylla . Maiga and Issiaga Sylla of Guinea tussle for possession during the Africa Cup of Nations match . Speaking afterwards Guinea Sports minister, Domani Dore, called it a ‘win for Africa’. ‘The whole of Africa has come together to fight the Ebola epidemic, including our brothers in Mali. ‘Today is a very important day for our country. It shows when you work hard, and work together, good things can happen’ This is not the first time a team has been knocked out of the Cup of Nations in this way. In 1988 Algeria were picked ahead of the Ivory Coast, and went on to finish in third place having lost on penalties to Nigeria in the semi-finals.
highlights: Guinea and Mali both finished Group D level on three points . The teams drew 1-1 against one another and had identical goal difference . The only way to separate the two nations was to draw lots . Guinea went through at expense of Mali and will play Ghana in last eight . Click here for all the latest AFCON 2015 news .
id: 2227293358d46706186b54d646423a52b9ebb22f
chatgpt: In a dramatic turn of events, Guinea secured a place in the quarter-finals of the 2015 Africa Cup of Nations (AFCON) following a draw lots for Group D. Guinea and Mali had identical records going into their final group match, having both drawn with Cameroon and lost to Cote d'Ivoire. The teams faced off against each other in a must-win encounter, knowing that only a victory would allow them to progress to the next round. The match ended in a 1-1 draw, with Seydou Keita providing the equalizer for Mali after Kevin Constant had given Guinea the lead. The two teams had an identical goal difference, making it impossible to separate them. The organizers of the tournament were therefore forced to draw lots in order to determine which team would progress to the quarter-finals. The draw was conducted and Guinea emerged victorious, much to the disappointment of Mali. Guinea's win means that they will now face Ghana in the last eight. Ghana topped Group C with a perfect record of three wins from three matches. The Black Stars will be favorites to progress to the semi-finals, but Guinea will not be taken lightly. The Guineans have shown that they are a talented and resilient team, and will be looking to cause an upset against Ghana. They have already shown that they can compete with the best teams in Africa, having earned a hard-fought draw against Cote d'Ivoire in their first match. The draw lots for Group D have sparked a debate about whether or not it is a fair way to determine which team advances in a tournament. Some critics argue that it takes away from the spirit of competition, while others claim that it is a necessary measure when two teams are completely evenly matched. Regardless of the controversy, Guinea will be pleased to have secured a place in the quarter-finals. They will now be looking to upset the odds and make it to the last four of the tournament. Fans can follow all the latest news from the AFCON 2015 by clicking on the link provided. With the quarter-finals set to begin, there will no doubt be plenty of excitement and drama still to come in the tournament.