article: By . David Mccormack . PUBLISHED: . 10:02 EST, 10 March 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 12:08 EST, 10 March 2014 . A married mother of two has been charged with killing her seven-month-old daughter in Clarksville, Tennessee, while bathing her on Friday. Stefany Johnson, 24, told police that ‘Jesus came down’ and took her daughter to heaven while she was washing her, according to an arrest warrant. Clarksville police called at her home at 3:40 a.m. on Friday after receiving reports of a woman yelling and screaming, as well as being naked in the road. Stefany Johnson, 24, has been charged with killing her seven-month-old daughter Astrid in Clarksville, Tennessee, while bathing her on Friday . When police arrived, Johnson was uncooperative and belligerent, according to her arrest warrant. Officers found seven-month-old Astrid Johnson’s body on the couch upon entering the home and found no evidence of attempts to provide medical care for her. When later asked by police what happened, Johnson told them, ‘Jesus came down and took Astrid to heaven’ while she was bathing her. Police concluded that Johnson’s negligence resulted in the child’s death and she has been charged with criminal homicide, reports The Tennessean. Stefany Johnson married her husband Robert in 2011 and they also have a young boy several years older than daughter Astrid . Neighbors called police after Johnson was spotted running naked from her home, yelling and screaming in the early hours of Friday . The family moved to Tennessee to be near Robert Johnson's job - he is currently on deployment in Afghanistan . Johnson is being held without bond at the Montgomery County Jail with an arraignment hearing due on Monday. Stefany Johnson married her husband Robert in 2011 and they also have a young boy several years older than Astrid. The family moved to Tennessee to be near his job. Johnson is a member of the Blackwidow Company, part of the 4th Battalion 101st Aviation Regiment of the U.S. Army. He is currently on deployment in Afghanistan. Neighbors said the family had lived in the neighborhood for seven months. Calvin Melvin, who lives across the street, said he was helping his wife prepare for a road trip at 3 a.m. when they both heard scream coming from the home. He told The Tennessean that several neighbors were there checking on Johnson when he looked over. Video: Clarksville mother charged with 7-month-old daughter's death .
highlights: Neighbors called police after Stefany Johnson, 24, was spotted running naked from her home, yelling and screaming . When police arrived they found her seven-month old daughter Astrid's dead body on the couch . An arrest warrant says there was 'no evidence of attempts to provide medical care to her' Police concluded Johnson's negligence resulted in the child's death and she has been charged with criminal homicide . The mother of two's husband is currently serving in Afghanistan .
id: b4408065d87c8062280b954b2bcef80ba637434c
chatgpt: In a shocking incident, a 24-year-old mother has been arrested after her seven-month-old daughter was found dead on a couch in their home. Stefany Johnson was spotted running naked, yelling and screaming outside her home in Pennsylvania by her neighbors, who immediately called the police. When the police arrived on the scene, they found Johnson's daughter, Astrid, dead on the couch inside the house. According to an arrest warrant, there was "no evidence of attempts to provide medical care" to Astrid. Investigators concluded that Johnson's negligence was responsible for the child's death and she has been charged with criminal homicide. The young mother of two is currently being held without bail. The incident has left the community in shock, and many are struggling to come to terms with what has happened. "I can't even imagine what would make somebody do something like this," said one neighbor, who wished to remain anonymous. "It's just heartbreaking to think about what that poor child must have gone through." The news has been particularly devastating for Johnson's husband, who is currently serving his country in Afghanistan. He has not yet been able to return home to be with his family during this difficult time. There have been no indications of any prior incidents or red flags that may have suggested the young mother was capable of such a horrific act. It is not yet clear whether Johnson has retained an attorney. Neighbors and community members have come together to offer their support to the family during this trying time. A candlelight vigil has been organized in honor of Astrid, and a GoFundMe campaign has been set up to help the family with any expenses they may need. The tragic incident has left many questioning the state of mental healthcare in the country, and what can be done to prevent similar tragedies from occurring in the future. As the investigation continues, the community will be watching closely to see how justice is served in this heartbreaking case.