article: (CNN) -- Investigators have heard a signal from the flight data recorders of the Yemenia Airways plane that crashed last week, they announced Sunday. Search parties continue their operation to locate the Yemenia Airbus A310 off the Comoros Islands Saturday. "A signal was picked up from two acoustic transmitters from the plane's flight data recorders during a sea search to locate the data recorders this morning," the French air accident investigation agency, known as the BEA, said in a statement. Commonly known as "black boxes," the data recorders should contain information to help determine what caused the crash. The Yemenia Airways Airbus 310 crashed into the Indian Ocean early Tuesday, carrying 142 passengers and 11 crew members. It originated in Yemen's capital, Sanaa, and went down just miles from Moroni, the capital of the Comoros Islands. One person, a 13-year-old French girl, survived. Bahia Basari, who lives in Marseille, escaped with cuts to her face and a fractured collarbone.  Watch teen survivor from crash » . The teen's father, Kassim Bakari, told a French radio network that his wife and daughter were flying to Comoros to visit relatives. "When I had her on the phone, I asked her what happened and she said, 'Daddy, I don't know what happened, but the plane fell into the water and I found myself in the water... surrounded by darkness. I could not see anyone,'" Bakari told France Info. The head of the rescue team in the Comoros told French radio RTL that the teenager beat astonishing odds to survive. "It is truly, truly, miraculous," Ibrahim Abdoulazeb said. "The young girl can barely swim." Another rescuer told France's Europe 1 radio that the girl was spotted in the rough sea, among bodies and plane debris in darkness, about two hours after the crash. The Airbus 310 plane tried to land at the airport in Moroni, then made a U-turn before it crashed, Comoros Vice President Idi Nadhoim said soon after the accident. A French official said the nation had banned the plane after it failed an aviation inspection in 2007. "Since this check-up, we have not seen the plane reappearing in France," said Dominique Bussereau, the transport minister. But Yemenia Airlines was not on the European Union's list of banned airlines, he added. Passengers on the flight included 66 French citizens, 54 Comorians, one Palestinian and one Canadian, according to Yemeni and French officials. The crew was made up of six Yemenis, two Moroccans, one Ethiopian, one Filipino and one Indonesian. The Comoros Islands are between the east African country of Tanzania and the island nation of Madagascar.
highlights: Comoros Islands lie between east African and the island nation of Madagascar . Data recorders should contain information to help determine what caused the crash . Teenage girl only person to survive plane crash off Comoros islands . French, U.S. divers are helping to search for debris and bodies from the plane .
id: 68e1d848d8fa30f8bdf2475bdc1dd225d55484ab
chatgpt: Tragedy struck the Comoros Islands yesterday when a plane crashed into the ocean, killing almost all of the passengers on board. The islands, which lie between East Africa and the island nation of Madagascar, are a popular destination for tourists seeking adventure and relaxation. However, this peaceful paradise became the site of a horrific accident when a plane went down during a routine flight. The data recorders recovered from the wreckage will contain valuable information that may help determine what caused the crash. French and U.S. divers are assisting in the search effort for debris and bodies from the plane. The loss of life has been devastating, with only one person surviving the crash. A teenage girl was the sole survivor of the disaster and is currently being treated for her injuries. The crash has left the entire region in shock and mourning. Families are grieving for lost loved ones, many of whom were traveling to or from the Comoros Islands for vacation. The exact number of casualties is still being determined, but early reports suggest that the majority of those on board did not survive the crash. The Comoros Islands have a reputation for being a peaceful and welcoming destination. However, this tragedy highlights the dangers of air travel and the need for increased safety regulations. The authorities are expected to launch a thorough investigation into the causes of the crash and take steps to prevent similar accidents in the future. The French and U.S. divers who are assisting in the search effort are working tirelessly to locate any additional debris or bodies from the wreckage. It is a difficult and dangerous task, but they are determined to do everything possible to bring closure to the families of the victims. The sole survivor of the crash is a testament to the strength of the human spirit in the face of tragedy. Her bravery and resilience in surviving such a devastating event are an inspiration to us all. We can only hope that she will make a full recovery from her injuries. In the coming days and weeks, the investigation into the crash will provide more information about what happened and why. There will be questions, uncertainty, and grief, but the people of the Comoros Islands will stand together in solidarity and support for one another. This tragedy has brought the community closer together and reminded us all of the importance of cherishing every moment we have with our loved ones.