article: Threats: Abu Rahin Aziz, pictured in Syria, told his Twitter follower to attack MPs and servicemen . A British jihadi who fled to Syria and joined ISIS while on bail for attacking a man with a pen has threatened MPs and servicemen in a string of sinister tweets. Abu Rahin Aziz, a former office worker from Luton, incited fellow extremists to carry out attack on the West using guns, bombs or even by throwing stones. He also insulted the memory of Alan Henning, the British aid worker murdered by ISIS, saying that he would 'burn in hell' because he was not a Muslim. Aziz, 33, who tweets under the name 'Abu Adbullah Britani', is an associate of hate cleric Anjem Choudary who was once a member of radical group 'Muslims Against Crusaders'. Last year he was sentenced to 36 weeks in jail for stabbing a football fan with a pen - but by the time the case came to court, he had already skipped bail and travelled to Syria to fight with other jihadists. He boasted on Twitter that he 'stabbed a kafir in the back of a head with a pen in London for insulting the propher Mohammed'. This week, he returned to the social network to incite violence from jihadis who are still living in the West. 'Muslims in the West given instructions to strike the enemies of Islam and Muslims within their own countries,' Aziz wrote. 'Wonder who will strike first? 'Could it be UK first to be attacked? They've attacked us with jets killing scores, plus they have many Muslims in prison as war on Islam. 'Maybe sit and wait outside TA offices? Maybe some other interests, maybe an MP. Hmm interesting. UK can blame foreign policy.' Tweets: Aziz, who calls himself 'Abu Abdullah Britani' onside, issued a series of sinister messages . A spokesman for the House of Commons said that MPs are routinely given advice on how to protect themselves against threats. In another message, Aziz wrote: 'A call upon Muslims in Europe to carry out attacks whether by explosive devices, bullets, car, rocks or even stones.' A separate tweet sent yesterday made a reference to Mr Henning, who was beheaded by the executioner known as 'Jihadi John' in October last year. 'All kufar [non-Muslims] even if they were good i.e. Alan Henning, Mother Theresa will burn in hell because they died upon disbelief,' Aziz wrote. Jihadi: Aziz has posted several photos of himself on Twitter dressed in military clothes and holding a rifle . He has previously shared photographs of himself holding up an AK-47 in front of a Syrian landscape, and pictures of other high-profile jihadis. Aziz also frequently posts links to news stories about ISIS on British websites, while yesterday he wrote an account of a bombing raid on a nearby building - claiming that he is protected from the US-led bombardment because he is living in a building with no windows. The whereabouts of his wife and two children is not currently known.
highlights: Abu Rahin Aziz, 33, posted a string of tweets inciting attacks on the UK . He told followers to use guns, bombs and stones against Western targets . Also mocked the death of Alan Henning, saying he would 'burn in hell' Aziz skipped bail in Britain after stabbing a football fan with a pen .
id: f7f80b3296129ba51dd10108c95a81bf923a01e9
chatgpt: Abu Rahin Aziz, a 33-year-old man who had previously skipped bail in the UK after stabbing a football fan with a pen, has taken to Twitter to incite violent attacks against Western targets. Aziz, who has been living abroad, reportedly posted a string of tweets instructing his followers to use guns, bombs, and stones in their attacks. The tweets have caused a great deal of concern among UK authorities, who have been tracking Aziz's activities for some time. They fear that his messages could inspire lone-wolf attackers to carry out acts of terrorism on British soil. Aziz's tweets were particularly disturbing for their mocking tone towards the death of Alan Henning, a British aid worker who was captured and brutally beheaded by ISIS militants in Syria. In one tweet, Aziz wrote that Henning would "burn in hell" for his support of Western policies. The UK government has launched an investigation into Aziz's activities, hoping to track down any potential supporters or accomplices. It is also working with social media companies to have the offending tweets removed. Despite these efforts, the situation remains a cause for concern. There are fears that Aziz's message could resonate with a small minority of disaffected individuals who may be susceptible to radicalization. Experts say that this highlights the ongoing challenge faced by governments around the world in combatting online radicalization. Social media has made it easier than ever for extremist groups to spread their message and recruit new members. In response to the threat posed by individuals like Aziz, the UK has implemented a number of measures designed to combat terrorism. These include tighter border controls, increased surveillance of suspicious individuals, and greater use of intelligence gathering techniques. However, critics argue that these measures may not be enough. They point out that individuals like Aziz are often difficult to detect before they act, as they are typically lone-wolf attackers who operate outside of established terrorist networks. As the investigation continues, many are calling for greater cooperation between governments, social media companies, and the wider public to combat the threat of online radicalization. They argue that a united front is needed to ensure that extremist messages do not take hold and that violence and hatred are not allowed to flourish.