article: (CNN) -- The world has a new alliance to save vanishing frogs, toads and salamanders. A frog swims in a pond in Munich, Germany, in June. A coalition of organizations established the Amphibian Survival Alliance this month to conserve species threatened by deadly fungus, habitat loss, pollution, pesticides and climate change. The scientists said amphibians are the world's most threatened group of animals. Though they thrived on Earth for more than 360 million years, one in three of the 6,000 recognized amphibian species are now at risk of extinction and as many as 122 species have gone extinct since 1980, according to the International Union for the Conservation of Nature's amphibian specialist group. "The world's amphibians are facing an uphill battle for survival," said James Collins of Arizona State University, co-chairman of the group. He said the new alliance, formed at the Amphibian Mini Summit at the Zoological Society of London, will focus efforts on the biggest threat to amphibians: infectious disease and habitat destruction. The group includes amphibian specialists working in the wild as well as those in zoos, aquariums and botanical gardens worldwide. "Amphibians have so much to offer humans," said amphibian specialist Simon Stuart. "Many have an arsenal of compounds stored in their skin that have the potential to address a multitude of human diseases." But as amphibians die out, so do opportunities to develop new medicines, he said. The southern gastric brooding frog, for instance, could have led to the development of a treatment for human peptic ulcers had it not gone extinct, Stuart said. "We simply cannot afford to let this current amphibian extinction crisis go unchecked," he said. Andrew Blaustein, who began documenting amphibian declines two decades ago, said the loss of species was part of an overall biodiversity crisis. "Amphibians seem to have been hit the hardest of all vertebrate species," said Blaustein, a professor of zoology at Oregon State University. "The long-term ecological repercussions of their decline could be profound, and we have to do something about it."
highlights: Amphibian Survival Alliance aims to save threatened frogs, toads, salamanders . One in three of 6,000 recognized amphibian species  at risk of extinction, group says . 122 amphibian species have gone extinct since 1980, group says . Amphibian species could help in development of medicines, scientist says .
id: e2fd25b3e53b4b86ac872e09c21de27d77b76209
chatgpt: The Amphibian Survival Alliance has an ambitious goal: to save threatened frogs, toads, and salamanders. The group's efforts come at a crucial time, as one in three of the world's 6,000 recognized amphibian species is at risk of extinction due to habitat loss, pollution, and climate change. According to the Amphibian Survival Alliance, 122 amphibian species have gone extinct since 1980, and many more are on the brink of disappearing forever. This loss not only has an impact on the biodiversity of our planet, but also on the potential for scientific discoveries. Amphibians have been around for over 360 million years, providing scientists with a wealth of knowledge about evolution and survival. Additionally, these creatures could also hold the key to developing life-saving medicines. According to Dr. Robin Moore, the Global Programs Director for the Amphibian Survival Alliance, amphibian species have a unique ability to produce complex chemicals that could be used in drug development. Currently, one-third of new medicines come from natural products, and many of these discoveries are made by studying amphibians. Despite their important role in research and in the ecosystem, amphibians continue to be threatened. The Amphibian Survival Alliance is working to change that by implementing a range of conservation strategies, such as establishing breeding programs, protecting critical habitats, and promoting sustainable practices. One such project is the Bolivian Amphibian Initiative, which focuses on the conservation of the endangered Titicaca Water Frog, considered to be the largest aquatic frog in the world. The initiative takes a multi-faceted approach to conservation, including captive breeding, habitat restoration, and education programs for local communities. The success of these conservation efforts is crucial not only for the survival of amphibians but for the preservation of our planet's biodiversity and our ability to develop life-saving medicines. In conclusion, the Amphibian Survival Alliance's work to save threatened frogs, toads, and salamanders is a critical effort to protect the planet's biodiversity and ensure the potential for scientific discoveries. With the continued support of individuals and organizations, there is hope for a brighter future for amphibians and the research they make possible.