article: America's largest anti-sexual assault organization is slamming Maroon 5 and Adam Levine for what they are calling a 'dangerous' new music video. The video, for the group's new single, Animals, follows Levine, 35, as he stalks, unknowingly photographs and ultimately sexually assaults a woman as the two are covered in blood. The woman is played by none other than Levine's real-life wife, South African-born Victoria's Secret model Behati Prinsloo. Scroll down for video . Too far? Adam Levine and Maroon 5 are being slammed by an anti-sexual assault organization over their music video for their new single Animals . Bad premise: In the video, Levine plays a butcher who stalks, unknowingly photographs and then sexually assaults a woman . Casting couch: The woman in the video is played by Levine's wife, model Behati Prinsloo, who he married earlier this year . Yuck: The two also get covered in a whole lot of blood . 'Maroon 5's video for Animals is a dangerous depiction of a stalker's fantasy — and no one should ever confuse the criminal act of stalking with romance,' Katherine Hull Fliflet, the vice president of RAINN, said in a statement. 'The trivialization of these serious crimes, like stalking, should have no place in the entertainment industry.' RAINN, an acronym for Rape, Abuse & Incest National Network, is an organization best known for operating the National Sexual Assault Hotline and carrying out programs to prevent sexual assault, help victims, and ensure that rapists are brought to justice. Dapper dude: Levine has yet to comment on the controversy . Trouble: The Rape, Abuse & Incest National Network called the music video 'dangerous' Creep: Levine follows the woman the entire video . In the video, Levine, 35, plays a butcher who develops an unhealthy obsession with a female customer, played by Prinsloo. He follows her in the streets, photographs her, breaks into her home and then lies in bed with the woman as she sleeps. This then culminates with the two having sex in a fantasy sequence as they are both covered in blood. More trouble: The National Sexual Violence Resource Center also slammed the video, saying Levine treats the woman like a piece of meat . Also quiet: Prinsloo has also declined to comment on the controversy . Unknowing victim: prinsloo, playing the woman, is unaware she is being followed in the video . And RAINN is not alone in voicing their concern with the message this video sends, as the National Sexual Violence Resource Center is also taking Levine to task for treating the woman in the video like a piece of meat, this according to TMZ. Oddly enough, neither organization made any mention of the song's lyrics, which includes lines like, 'Baby, I'm preying on you tonight / Hunt you down eat you alive,' and 'Maybe you think that you can hide / I can smell your scent from miles / Just like animals.' Neither Levine or Prinsloo have commented on the controversy. Survivors of sexual assault can contact the National Sexual Assault Hotline at 1.800.656.HOPE.
highlights: The Rape, Abuse & Incest National Network is speaking out about a new Maroon 5 video they call 'dangerous' and a 'stalker's fantasy' In the video for Animals, Maroon 5 lead singer Adam Levine stalks, unknowingly photographs and sexually assaults a woman . That woman is played by Levine's wife, model Behati Prinsloo .
id: 20144da184e37404fbd6939913ee4ec2b994a75c
chatgpt: The Rape, Abuse & Incest National Network (RAINN) is raising concerns about the latest music video from Maroon 5, calling it "dangerous" and a "stalker's fantasy." The video, which accompanies the band's new single "Animals," features Maroon 5's lead singer Adam Levine stalking and sexually assaulting a woman, played by his wife, model Behati Prinsloo. In the video, Levine plays a butcher who becomes obsessed with Prinsloo's character after seeing her at his shop. He proceeds to stalk her through the streets, unwittingly taking photographs of her as she goes about her daily life. At one point, he sneaks into her apartment and watches her sleep before eventually sexually assaulting her. RAINN has spoken out against the video, saying that it sends a dangerous message to its viewers. "The glorification of stalking behavior in the video is not consistent with healthy relationships, no matter what the context," the organization said in a statement. RAINN's president, Scott Berkowitz, also expressed concern that the video could potentially trigger flashbacks for victims of sexual assault. "People who have been through an experience like this could be re-traumatized by seeing images that are similar to what happened to them," he said. Levine has defended the video, saying that he wanted to explore the "animalistic" side of relationships. "It's not sugarcoating anything, it's not overly violent, it's not overly sexual," he told Access Hollywood. "But it's kind of creepy, which is what the song was trying to capture." However, many fans have criticized the video, calling it disturbing and misogynistic. Social media has been flooded with comments from viewers who feel that the video sends the wrong message about consent and respect in relationships. RAINN has emphasized the importance of promoting healthy relationships in popular culture. "Media has a powerful role to play in shaping our views and attitudes about relationships," the organization said. "It's important for artists and media producers to be responsible and mindful of the messages they're putting out there." The controversy surrounding the "Animals" video comes at a time when the issue of sexual assault has been in the spotlight. A number of high-profile cases have brought the issue to national attention, and campaigns such as "Yes Means Yes" and "It's on Us" have sought to raise awareness about the importance of consent. RAINN urges viewers to think critically about the messages they receive from media and to educate themselves about healthy relationships. "We all have a role to play in promoting safety and respect in relationships," the organization said. "It's up to all of us to create a culture where sexual assault is not tolerated, and where healthy relationships are valued and celebrated."