article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 20:46 EST, 29 September 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 20:46 EST, 29 September 2013 . A helicopter pilot is dead after he walked into the aircraft's spinning rotor while giving rides at a Pennsylvania fair. Carl Enlow, 69, was killed when he was hit by the rotor on Friday night at the Bloomsburg Fair. The fair's superintendent of police and parking Bill Barratt said the helicopter was refueling when Enlow went back to speak to the pilot who relieved him. Barrett said Enlow's hat blew off his head and he was struck by the rotor when he reached for it. 'He went back to talk to the other pilot, and that's when the rotor struck him,' he said. Scroll down for video . Tragic: Carl Enlow, 69, was killed when he was hit by the helicopter, pictured, on Friday night at the Bloomsburg Fair . Enlow of Reading was transported by Life Flight to Geisinger Medical Center in Danville, where he died. Barratt said Enlow was an experienced pilot, having flown helicopters for 50 years including in the military. 'That just goes to prove that anything can happen,' Barratt told PA Homepage. Dawn Kingston of Bloomsburg told the news website that Enlow was a well-known fixture at the fair, having taken rides for many years. Scene: Enlow of Reading was transported by Life Flight to Geisinger Medical Center in Danville, where he died . 'I'm sure that a lot of people who return to the fair probably know him,' she said. She said Enlow enjoyed helping other people and last year he fulfilled the dying wish of a six-year-old Hazleton girl battling cancer by taking her on a flight. 'He was a very sweet man with a heart of gold, and we really appreciated everything he did,' she said. Heritage Rotors has been giving helicopter rides since 1993 and is a popular attraction at the fair. Experienced: Enlow was an experienced pilot, having flown helicopters for 50 years including in the military . The Bloomsburg Fair Association is returning its profits from the helicopter rides to Enlow's widow, Connie Enlow. He is also survived by two siblings. 'The fair board is going to do whatever we can to help her with whatever she needs,' said Barratt. Montour County Coroner Scott Lynn told the Bloomsburg Press-Enterprise the Birdsboro man's death is under investigation.
highlights: Carl Enlow, 69, was killed when he was hit by the rotor on Friday night at the Bloomsburg Fair in Pennsylvania . The helicopter was refueling when Enlow went back to speak to the pilot who relieved him and was struck . Enlow was transported by Life Flight to Geisinger Medical Center in Danville, where he died . He had been a pilot for 50 years including time spent in the military .
id: 5fc6782b6c2352c09e2f40852c39593ce4e35a26
chatgpt: Bloomsburg, Pennsylvania - Tragedy struck at the Bloomsburg Fair in Pennsylvania on Friday night when 69-year-old Carl Enlow lost his life in a helicopter accident. According to reports, Enlow was hit by the rotor while the helicopter was refueling. Enlow had reportedly gone back to speak to the pilot who had just relieved him when the accident took place. He was struck by the rotor and suffered serious injuries. Emergency services were quickly called to the scene and Enlow was transported by Life Flight to Geisinger Medical Center in Danville. Despite the best efforts of medical staff, Enlow tragically died at the hospital. It was later revealed that Enlow had been a pilot for 50 years, including time spent in the military. The incident has sent shockwaves through the aviation community, with experts calling for a full investigation into the accident. The Bloomsburg Fair has also released a statement expressing its condolences to Enlow's family and friends. "Our thoughts and prayers are with the Enlow family during this difficult time," the statement read. "We are deeply saddened by this tragic accident and are working closely with the authorities to determine exactly what happened." The death of Carl Enlow has once again highlighted the dangers that pilots face on a daily basis. While flying can be a thrilling and rewarding career, it also comes with certain risks that cannot be ignored. Enlow's family have yet to speak publicly about the incident, but friends and colleagues have been quick to pay tribute to the experienced pilot. Many have described Enlow as a true professional who loved to fly and was always willing to share his knowledge and experience. As investigations into the accident continue, the aviation community will be hoping that lessons can be learned and that steps can be taken to improve safety measures for pilots and crews. For now, however, the thoughts of all those involved in the industry are with the Enlow family and their friends at this difficult time.