article: (CNN) -- Pirates captured a Belgian ship and said they were taking it to the coast of Somalia after the vessel was reported missing early Saturday, NATO and pirate sources told CNN. The Dutch frigate De Zeven Provincien tracked seven pirates Saturday back to their mother ship. The Pompei, a Belgian-registered ship believed to have a mostly Belgian and Croatian crew, was one of two vessels that came under attack near the Indian Ocean island nation of Seychelles on Saturday, the sources said. The second ship escaped the attack after a brief exchange of gunfire with pirate vessels, the pirate source added. Meanwhile, Dutch naval forces captured seven pirates and freed 20 captive fishermen after tracking the pirates to their "mother ship" in the western Gulf of Aden on Saturday, a NATO maritime spokesman said. The Belgian government tried to communicate with the Pompei "without success" before the ship was confirmed to have been hijacked, according to an official.  See an interactive map of 2009 pirate attacks off the Horn of Africa » . "This morning we received two different channels, a silent alert, that there was a problem on the boat, which is a Belgian boat on its way to Seychelles," Belgium Government Crisis Center spokesman Peter Martens told reporters. "We tried to have a contact with the ship but without success until now." The archipelago where the attack occurred is roughly 800 miles off the Somali coastline. "Somali pirates are getting wilder and out of control," pirate spokesman Ali Sugulle said on April 11. "They go too far away from the Somali [coast] and go to the Kenyan coast even." The European Union, NATO and the United States have been patrolling the waters off Somalia since an upsurge in piracy in the region last year. No NATO vessels were in the region at the time of the attack, said Cmdr. Chris Davies from NATO's Maritime Component Command Headquarters in Northwood, England. Meanwhile, the Dutch rescue operation happened after pirates launched an unsuccessful attack on petroleum tanker MT Handytankers Magic, NATO Cmdr. Chris Davies told CNN. The Dutch frigate De Zeven Provincien was with the NATO fleet patrolling the region. After the Dutch disarmed the pirates, they released them, Shona Lowe, a spokeswoman from the maritime headquarters, told CNN. Because the crew was on a NATO mission, they lacked the jurisdiction to hold them, according to reports. The MT Handytankers Magic is part of a fleet belonging to Handytankers, a company that distributes petroleum products in Europe, the Mediterranean, and the United States, according to the company's Web site. Last week pirates attacked a U.S.-flagged ship, the Maersk Alabama, off the Somali coast.  The crew regained control of the ship but the captain was taken hostage and held for five days on a lifeboat.  The crisis ended when U.S. Navy sharpshooters shot and killed three of the pirates who were holding the captain. Journalist Mohammed Amiin contributed to this report.
highlights: NEW: The Pompei, a Belgian-registered ship, was one of two vessels attacked . NEW: Islands where attack occurred are roughly 800 miles off Somali coast . Dutch naval forces captured seven pirates and freed 20 captive fishermen . Pirates were disarmed and freed because crew lacked jurisdiction to hold them .
id: 5287b0245b7fdd31a74768bb05356867fc6e2655
chatgpt: On April 7, the Pompei, a Belgian-registered ship, was one of two vessels that were attacked by pirates near the remote islands which lay roughly 800 miles off the Somali coast. Fortunately, the Dutch naval forces, who were in the area as part of a European Union counter-piracy mission, responded quickly and were able to capture seven of the pirates responsible for the attack. Additionally, they were able to free 20 fishermen who had been taken captive by the pirates. The Dutch navy reported that the attack occurred in the early morning hours, as the Pompei and another unidentified vessel were making their way through the waters near the isolated island chain. The pirates, who were armed with automatic weapons and rocket-propelled grenades, attempted to board the ships, but were repelled by the vessels' crew members. Despite the crew's efforts, however, the pirates were eventually able to capture 20 of the fishermen who were on board, along with their boats. The Dutch naval forces, who were patrolling the region as part of Operation Atalanta, were alerted to the situation and quickly responded to the scene. They were able to intercept the pirate's skiff and take the seven pirates into custody. The freed fishermen were then taken aboard one of the Dutch navy's frigates, where they received medical attention and were provided with food and water. Although the Dutch navy was successful in capturing the pirates responsible for the attack, they were unable to hold them. As the Pompei is a Belgian-registered ship and the attack occurred in international waters, the Dutch navy lacked the jurisdiction to hold the pirates. As a result, they were disarmed and freed, leaving some to question the effectiveness of international efforts to combat piracy in the region. Despite this setback, the Dutch navy remains committed to their mission of protecting shipping lanes in the area and preventing pirate attacks. In a statement released to the press, a spokesperson for the Dutch navy stated that "we remain vigilant and prepared to respond to any threats to shipping in this region. Our priority is the safety of our crew members and the civilians they protect, and we will continue to do everything we can to keep them safe." The incident serves as a reminder of the ongoing threat posed by piracy in the waters off the Horn of Africa. While incidents of piracy have decreased in recent years due to increased international efforts, the attacks on the Pompei and the other vessel demonstrate that the threat remains very real. As a result, the international community must remain vigilant and proactive in deterring and responding to pirate attacks in the region.