article: Mario Mandzukic looks to be heading to England, and could even be Louis Van Gaal’s first signing for Manchester United, after an astonishing bust-up with Bayern Munich boss Pep Guardiola. Arsenal and Chelsea are leading the chase for the 27-year old striker, after already making overtures about his availability, but United are ready to compete with them after he was included in their new manager’s list of possible targets. Either way, Mandzukic is on his way out of the Bundesliga champions after infuriating Guardiola with his attitude and being told by the former Barcelona coach: ‘Goodbye, and good luck with your next club.’ Listen up: Mario Mandzukic, celebrating a goal against United earlier in the season, could be set to join them . Happier times: Mandzukic and his Bayern team-mates won the Bundesliga before the German Cup success . The flare-up happened in the wake of a 4-0 Champions’ League semi-final second-leg defeat by Real Madrid at the Allianz Arena that left the whole of Germany stunned. As he tried to make sense of it in the home dressing room afterwards, Guardiola launched into an emotional address to the players, in which he blamed himself for blundering over his team selection and getting his tactics wrong. Every Bayern player was visibly moved by his searing honesty, except for Mandzukic, who evidently shook his head and met his manager’s stare with a mocking smile. Prize guy: Pep Guardiola (right) watched his team win the cup after he left Mandzukic out of the squad . A furious Guardiola reacted by axing him from the squad that beat Borussia Dortmund 2-0 in Saturday’s German Cup final, even though he was fit enough to play. After settling on his line-up and substitutes last Thursday, he went up to Mandzukic, informed him he was being left out and wished him good luck with his next club. That could yet be United, after Van Gaal apparently cooled on the idea of pursuing a move for Bayern forward Thomas Muller, who likes to play in a withdrawn role, but set his sights on recruiting an out-and-out goal poacher, in the mould of Mandzukic. Arsenal, in particular, represent the biggest threat to his hopes, after responding to their FA Cup final triumph by promising Arsene Wenger major transfer backing for a tilt at the Barclays Premier League title next season. Admirer: New boss Louis van Gaal would like to have Mandzukic in his ranks at Manchester United .
highlights: Mario Mandzukic could head for England after bust-up with Pep Guardiola . Arsenal and Chelsea have registered interest in the striker . Now Louis van Gaal is keen after taking over Manchester United .
id: 8340c7c1ad1986e1e4750721f1d9d4416e4df274
chatgpt: Former Bayern Munich striker Mario Mandzukic could make his way to the Premier League after a reported falling out with ex-Bayern manager Pep Guardiola. Both Arsenal and Chelsea are said to be interested in the Croatian international, who is currently playing for Atletico Madrid. But Manchester United, who have just appointed former Netherlands boss Louis van Gaal, are said to be the most likely destination for the 28-year-old. Mandzukic was an integral part of Bayern Munich's all-conquering team under Jupp Heynckes, scoring 26 goals in all competitions in the 2012/13 season, but found himself out of favor under Guardiola last season. He eventually moved to Atletico Madrid, where he helped Los Rojiblancos reach their first Champions League final in 40 years, scoring a goal in the final against local rivals Real Madrid. Now it seems that Mandzukic and Guardiola's relationship has soured beyond repair, and the striker is looking to leave Madrid this summer. Arsenal and Chelsea are both in the market for a striker, with the Gunners looking to bolster their attacking options ahead of the new season, and the Blues looking for a replacement for the outgoing Didier Drogba. However, it is believed that Manchester United are the most likely destination for Mandzukic, with van Gaal keen to add another striker to his squad ahead of the new season. The Dutchman is said to be a big admirer of the striker, and sees him as the perfect foil for Robin van Persie up front. Mandzukic's aerial ability and physical presence would also give United another dimension going forward, something they sorely lacked last season. Mandzukic is also said to be keen on a move to Old Trafford, with the chance to work under a manager of van Gaal's caliber too good to pass up. The striker is still very much in his prime, and has proven himself at the highest level in Germany and Spain. A move to the Premier League would be the next logical step in his career, and United could certainly use his firepower up front. It remains to be seen whether Atletico Madrid will let Mandzukic go, but with United, Arsenal and Chelsea all interested, the Spanish club could be in for a bidding war over the Croatian's services. One thing is for sure, however - Mario Mandzukic is a hot property, and the Premier League could very well be his next destination.