article: (CNN)The U.S. is turning to a familiar -- but some would say unexpected -- name to lead its team at the next Ryder Cup: Davis Love III. Yes, even though Love was the losing captain as Europe rallied in 2012 in the Miracle at Medinah in Illinois, the 50-year-old will succeed Tom Watson at the 2016 edition at Hazeltine in Minnesota. He'll go up against Darren Clarke, who last week got the nod for Europe. Love was unveiled Tuesday, about five months after the PGA of America set up a Ryder Cup task force in the wake of another loss to Europe in golf's most prestigious team event. Love himself was part of the 11-person committee, joining the likes of Tiger Woods, Phil Mickelson and past captains Tom Lehman and Raymond Floyd. Love named Lehman as a vice-captain. "I am here with the same goal as in 2012 but not as the same captain," Love told reporters. "It is a great honor to be in the position to help build the team, but our mission doesn't end there. What we accomplish in 2016 at Hazeltine must serve as the foundation for future USA Ryder Cup teams," Love said separately in a statement. The 2012 Ryder Cup will no doubt serve as motivation. With the U.S. seemingly coasting to victory -- holding a 10-6 lead entering the final day -- Europe won eight of the last 12 matches to eke out a 14 1/2-13 1/2 win. And when the U.S. was unable to overturn its skid last year at Gleneagles in Scotland, it meant a sixth defeat in the last seven Ryder Cups. Given the record it's not surprising that criticism followed, but no one quite expected Mickelson to lay into Watson -- who was yards away -- at a post series press conference. Mickelson attended Tuesday's press conference with Love. Woods skipped the 2014 Ryder Cup as he recovered from a back injury and who knows if the slumping 14-time major champion will return next year. He's currently taking a break from golf. He, though, gave his backing to Love. "I want to congratulate Davis on his selection," Woods said in a statement. "I have great respect for him as a person, player and captain. I know he'll do an outstanding job leading the 2016 U.S. team. "I'm proud of what the task force accomplished, making substantive changes in the Captain's selection process and qualifying system." As a player, Love played in six Ryder Cups and compiled a singles record of three wins and a loss, halving two matches.
highlights: Davis Love III to captain the U.S. at the 2016 Ryder Cup . Love was the losing captain in the Miracle at Medinah in 2012 . Europe has won six of the last seven Ryder Cups . Northern Ireland's Darren Clarke was last week named Europe's captain .
id: db57cb56899a98037b00d6900ebb45ed9bb50705
chatgpt: Former Masters winner Davis Love III has been selected as the captain of the United States team for the upcoming Ryder Cup tournament. Love was named by the PGA of America at a press conference in Florida on Wednesday, and has the tough task of getting his team back to winning ways. The U.S. side lost to Europe in 2014, and Europe has won six of the last seven Ryder Cups. Love has previous experience as a captain, having led the U.S. team at Medinah in 2012. Despite his team holding a seemingly insurmountable lead going into the final day, the Europeans managed to stage a record-breaking comeback to stun the Americans and win the Cup. Love said that he learned a lot from his experience, and is relishing the chance to come back and try to make amends. "I'm very excited to be named captain again," said Love. "I learned a lot from my last experience and I'm looking forward to putting that knowledge into practice. Our team has a lot of talent and I'm confident we'll be able to put up a great fight against a strong European team." This year's Ryder Cup is being held at Hazeltine National Golf Club in Minnesota. The competition, which takes place over three days, will feature both individual matches and team competitions in various formats. The U.S. team consists of the top eight players who have amassed the most points over the past two years, while the European team is made up of the top four players from the European Tour's points list, and four wildcard picks. Darren Clarke, a Northern Irish professional golfer, was recently named the captain of the European team for the Ryder Cup. Clarke, who is a veteran of the Ryder Cup having played five times, said he is excited to take on the role of captain and is looking forward to leading his team to victory. The Ryder Cup is set to take place from September 30th to October 2nd, and promises to be an incredible battle between two of the world's top golfing nations. Love is known for his strong leadership skills and his ability to motivate his team. He has been praised by his players in the past for his positive attitude and his attention to detail. Love will be hoping to put together a strong team of players and create a cohesive unit that can work together to take down the Europeans. Whether he can achieve this remains to be seen, but one thing is for sure – the 2016 Ryder Cup is shaping up to be an exciting and competitive tournament that should not be missed.