article: Wesleyan University officials announced Monday that residential fraternities will be required to accept women and men as full members. The policy change comes after consulting fraternity members, alumni and faculty, university spokesperson Kate Carlisle said. There are nonresidential Greek organizations, including one sorority, that will not be affected because they do not have on-campus houses. "In the end, the decision is based on making our campus as fair, inclusive and equitable as possible, and reflects Wesleyan's tradition of progressive leadership," Carlisle said. Wesleyan's board of trustees asked President Michael S. Roth in May to "prepare a plan to address the future of Greek life" after "highly publicized incidents of sexual violence." In a March 2014 lawsuit against Wesleyan's Xi Chapter of Psi Upsilon, a then-freshman student alleged she was raped in front of onlookers at the fraternity's on-campus residence. An April 2014 Wesleyan Student Assembly survey that found 47% of respondents felt less safe in fraternity spaces also contributed to the review, Roth said in a statement. "The trustees and administration recognize that residential fraternities have contributed greatly to Wesleyan over a long period of time, but we also believe they must change to continue to benefit their members and the larger campus community," Roth and Joshua Boger, the chair of the university's board of trustees, wrote in a joint statement on Monday. The fraternities have three years to complete the co-educational transition. The Middletown, Connecticut, university has a current population of about 2,900 undergraduates with two all-male fraternity residences on campus, Psi Upsilon and Delta Kappa Epsilon. Delta Kappa Epsilon International Fraternity, the organization's national governing body, said it "strongly" disagreed with the decision, calling the university's justification for the decision "vague." "Remarkably absent from the University's statement are any facts -- even opinions -- about why Wesleyan feels it will be better off with co-educational fraternities. How can a highly rated liberal arts institution implement a major policy change, without even describing to those affected by it, the problem that you are intending to solve?"
highlights: Wesleyan University ordered fraternities to become co-ed in the next three years . The Connecticut university has two all-male fraternities on campus . One fraternity responds there are no facts about how this will improve on-campus safety .
id: d99c382a3ebf6e8095ae359110ceea8c6030fe41
chatgpt: Wesleyan University, a private liberal arts school in Connecticut, has ordered its two all-male fraternities to become co-educational in the next three years. The university's decision, announced on Monday, comes after years of controversy over the role of fraternities on campus, and is intended to promote gender equality and inclusivity within the university community. The two fraternities, Delta Kappa Epsilon (DKE) and Psi Upsilon (Psi U), have been given until 2024 to become co-ed. In a statement, the university said that it expects the fraternities to "work proactively and collaboratively with the university" to develop plans for the transition. The decision was not universally welcomed by the fraternities, however. In a statement to the press, the DKE chapter at Wesleyan expressed concern that the university had not provided "any facts or data" to support the idea that co-education would improve on-campus safety or reduce sexual misconduct. "We are committed to furthering the conversation around inclusion and supporting our members who identify as non-binary, trans, and gender non-conforming," the DKE statement read. "However, we believe that these goals can and should be achieved without imposing co-education on fraternities." The Psi Uopsilon chapter at Wesleyan also issued a statement expressing concern over the decision, but said that it would "engage in dialogue with the university to determine the best path forward for our organization." The fraternity added that it was "committed to fostering a safe and inclusive environment for all" and that it was "dedicated to upholding Wesleyan's values of diversity, equity, and inclusion." The decision to make the fraternities co-educational comes after years of controversy over the role of fraternities in promoting a culture of sexual misconduct on college campuses. In recent years, Wesleyan has been rocked by a number of high-profile incidents of sexual assault and misconduct, some of which have been linked to the fraternity system. In its statement, the university acknowledged the need for "systemic change" in order to combat sexual misconduct and promote a culture of inclusivity and respect on campus. "Wesleyan has a responsibility to lead by example," the statement read. "We are committed to working with our fraternities, our students, and our wider community to create a safer and more welcoming campus for all."