article: (CNN) -- James "Whitey" Bulger's defense lawyer continued hammering away at one of the government's star witnesses in a Boston courtroom Wednesday, trying to portray the convicted killer as a pathological liar who should have called it quits and gone to the electric chair when he had the chance. "Why not take the death penalty and get it over with?" Bulger attorney Hank Brennan asked Steven Flemmi. "I was dead either way," responded the Bulger henchman, who has spent five days on the witness stand. Flemmi said he decided to cooperate with the government to spare his friends and family from having to suffer through endless trials: "I took the path of least resistance." Key to any deal, he said, was testifying against his former crime partners. "I was facing life-in-prison, plus 30-year consecutive sentences, plus the electric chair in two states," he said, describing his testimony as non-negotiable and a package deal, "It was a global situation." It's 'Whitey' vs. 'The Rifleman' as Bulger defense goes for top witness . Flemmi pleaded guilty in 2003 to 10 murders. Bulger's lawyer challenged Flemmi, saying he caved because he couldn't handle conditions "in the hole" in solitary confinement, on a cold floor in a 6-by-6-foot cell, with a ¼-inch slit to look outside. "I'm a human being. I'd like to have a chair," Flemmi said. When he complained about having no TV, prosecutor Fred Wyshak jumped up: "I object. It's not the Hilton." After his deal, Flemmi was moved to a more comfortable, undisclosed facility. Throughout the trial, Bulger's lawyers have tried to show that as FBI informants, Bulger and Flemmi were protected by rogue FBI agents up and down the chain of command. Without that protection, the duo's reign of terror would not have been as successful or lasted as long as it did, from the early 1970s through the mid-1990s. Juror weeps as witness details strangling death of woman . After he was arrested in January 1995, Flemmi tried arguing he had been given immunity for his criminal activity by FBI agents who looked the other way. One of them, disgraced agent John Connolly, was convicted of federal and state crimes and is serving 40 years in Florida. Brennan has been relentless in his questioning of Flemmi, referring to him as a rat. "A rat is someone who scurries around and feeds on other people," Brennan pointed out. Flemmi defended his relationship with the FBI, saying both sides benefited: "It was quid pro quo, survival." When asked whether the FBI agent Connolly ever suggested someone be killed, Flemmi answered, "He gave us information and we acted on it." U.S. District Judge Denise Casper is reviewing the 30-person witness list submitted by Bulger's attorneys. Many can testify about Bulger's role as an informant but not about the federal murder and racketeering charges he faces. She's expected to rule on which witnesses are relevant to Bulger's defense. Man who'd been set to testify against Bulger found dead .
highlights: Bulger partner Steven Flemmi explains why he's cooperating with the government . "I took the path of least resistance" to spare his family many trials, he says . Reputed mob boss James "Whitey" Bulger is charged with murder and racketeering .
id: cd43fbaf702f8513717cf10805eb17127d5ffdc5
chatgpt: Former partner of notorious gangster James "Whitey" Bulger, Steven Flemmi, revealed in court on Thursday that he is cooperating with the government in their case against Bulger. Flemmi admitted to aiding and abetting Bulger in various crimes, including at least 10 murders, but explained that he chose to cooperate in order to spare his family the added burden of multiple trials. "I took the path of least resistance," Flemmi told the court. "I didn't want my family to have to go through all those trials." Flemmi, dressed in a blue prison jumpsuit, sat calmly on the witness stand as he detailed his past crimes with Bulger. He also revealed that he and Bulger had a "secret relationship" with the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), which allowed them to carry out their criminal activities without being caught for many years. During that time, Flemmi said, he and Bulger became known as one of the most feared and powerful criminal partnerships in the northeast. Bulger, who was once one of the FBI's most wanted fugitives, is currently on trial for numerous charges including murder and racketeering. He has pleaded not guilty to all charges, and his lawyers claim that he was granted immunity by the FBI for his past crimes. Flemmi, who has already pleaded guilty to his role in the crimes, admitted that he and Bulger had been involved in several murders. He named several of their victims, including two women who were strangled to death and buried in the basement of a house in South Boston in 1985. Flemmi's testimony also shed light on his own relationship with the FBI, which he said he joined in 1965 as a paid informant. At the time, he said, he was working for the Patriarca crime family, which was based in Providence, Rhode Island. Flemmi said that Bulger eventually became an informant for the FBI as well, and that the two men were able to carry out their criminal activities with the agency's knowledge and support. Despite Flemmi's willingness to cooperate with the government, Assistant US Attorney Brian Kelly was quick to point out that Flemmi had benefited greatly from his past crimes. "You have stolen from people all your life, haven't you?" Kelly asked Flemmi. "You have lied to them, cheated them, and in some cases, killed them, haven't you?" Flemmi admitted to his past crimes, but said that he was cooperating now to make amends. "I have always felt remorse," he said. "It's time to tell the truth." The trial of James "Whitey" Bulger continues, with Flemmi expected to testify for several more days. The case has attracted widespread media attention, as Bulger was one of the most notorious gangsters in American history. His story has been the subject of several books and movies, including the 2015 film "Black Mass," which starred Johnny Depp as Bulger.