article: By . Hugo Gye . PUBLISHED: . 11:51 EST, 17 October 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 15:11 EST, 17 October 2013 . A BBC presenter has appealed for the return of her laptop and valuable family heirlooms which were taken from her home. Wendy Hurrell, who presents the weather on BBC London, lost 'irreplaceable' belongings when her home was burgled. She took to Twitter in an attempt to track down the thieves - and joked that her computer would 'self-combust' if it was not returned. Victim: BBC London presenter Wendy Hurrell had her home in South London burgled last week . Miss Hurrell, 31, revealed that the burglars had entered her South London home via a small window which she had left ajar when she was out of the house. 'So far from understanding how someone can walk into a stranger's house and just help themselves to stuff they didn't earn. #pathetic,' she tweeted last Saturday. 'Tonnes of irreplaceable pictures from my laptop, gone. Jewellery belonging to my late grandmother, gone. 'Worthless laptop with priceless pictures. Late grandmother's jewellery. Yeah, good start to the day.' Appeal: Miss Hurrell took to Twitter to ask the thieves to return her treasured possessions . Threats: The presenter joked that her objects would backfire on the burglars who took them . The Goldsmiths graduate then joked that stealing the electronic equipment would rebound on the burglars, saying they would end up like Gollum from Lord of the Rings. 'Hey robbers - that laptop you took from my house will self-combust in 5,4,3,' she tweeted. 'And the camera? It's watching you... 'As for the ring, well - you saw what it did to Gollum...' Miss Hurrell, who previously made headlines when she was caught rolling her eyes on live television, said that the most painful loss was an eternity ring. The ring was given by her grandfather to her grandmother, who died last year. Fame: Miss Hurrell hit the headlines when she was caught rolling her eyes during a live broadcast . The laptop which was taken contained photographs of a friend's wedding and children, while a camera was also stolen. The theft came only a few days after comedian Miranda Hart also took to Twitter to ask for her laptop to be returned following a burglary. The star of sitcom Miranda offered a reward for the computer, which contained 'precious creative projects'.
highlights: Wendy Hurrell, 31, had her South London home broken in to . Burglars took grandmother's jewellery and laptop with sentimental photos . BBC London presenter takes to Twitter in a bid to get them back .
id: 02e191fc2705653cc1d8b18907cd3432756f0469
chatgpt: BBC London presenter Wendy Hurrell, 31, was the victim of a home burglary in South London. Burglars broke into her home and stole her grandmother's jewellery along with her laptop which contained sentimental photos. The incident has left Wendy devastated as she tries to come to terms with the loss. The London presenter, who has worked for BBC London for several years, took to Twitter to ask for help in finding her stolen items. Her post has since gone viral, with many people sharing it in the hope of finding the culprits. Hurrell admitted to feeling violated by the burglary, saying in a heartfelt post, “We’ve been burgled. Stolen - grandmother’s jewellery and my laptop with ALL my photos on from the last six years. That includes photos of my dad who died nine years ago. Please help, especially if you see the jewellery around or are offered gold with jade rings, a jade necklace and earrings.” Many of her followers responded with messages of support and some even offered to help in any way they could. Some also suggested checking local pawn shops and online marketplaces such as Gumtree and eBay. Despite the difficult situation, Hurrell remains hopeful that her possessions will be returned to her, saying that the sentimental value of the stolen items far outweighs their monetary value. She also said that she is thankful for the outpouring of support from her social media followers. Burglaries are unfortunately not uncommon in London, with many homeowners falling victim to this type of crime. However, Hurrell's case has gained attention due to her high profile as a presenter of BBC London. Her plea for help also shines a light on the importance of backing up precious digital files, including important photographs. Losing them can be heartbreaking, especially when they're irreplaceable memories. It's a stark reminder to be vigilant and take extra precautions to ensure the safety of our homes and possessions. The police have been informed and are investigating the burglary in the hope of returning Hurrell's stolen items to her. In the meantime, Hurrell continues to remain optimistic that her possessions will be found, and urged anyone with information to come forward. As a popular local TV personality, she has a broad network of supporters and friends, who are all hoping that the culprits will be brought to justice soon.