article: By . Larisa Brown . PUBLISHED: . 10:27 EST, 13 January 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 10:59 EST, 13 January 2013 . They are a menace on roads up and down the country. But with a touch of imagination, a few props and a handful of images, one photographer shows how unsightly potholes can be transformed into works of art. Davide Luciano has used the huge gaps in the concrete for a variety of scenes, including a deep fat fryer, a swimming pool and a spaghetti bowl. A photographer, based in New York, has been inspired to create quirky images with potholes after he damaged his car when he ran over one. Pictured is a diver diving into a 'swimming pool' pothole off a makeshift board . A Baywatch babe runs towards a pothole to save a person whose hand looms out from the water . A model washes clothes and kitchen appliances in a pothole designed to look like a washbasin . Davide then used models to create quirky scenarios, such as a fisherman reeling in a catch and a lifeguard saving a person from drowning. Some of the images even depict people using the potholes to wash clothes, chill champagne, go scuba diving, plant flowers and crush berries. Davide filled the potholes with real props and only used computer software programme Photoshop to alter some of the colours. His amusing pictures now sell for nearly £800 for a set of nine. Davide, 34, from New York, said: 'The idea came to life after I had sudden collision with a canyon sized crater of a pothole. A fisherman in Wellington Boots catches a fish in a pothole disguised as a pond . A man uses one pothole to make his own wine, stamping on grapes in a hole to get the juice . Tasty: In one image a pothole transforms into a bowl which a man enjoys eating spaghetti and meatballs from . 'I decided to channel my frustration . into a positive project where the useless pothole would be a source of . humour and creativity. 'I attempted to visualise and incorporate potholes as everyday props and the project started as a humorous way to expose the ridiculous pothole problem. 'After creating a scene on paper, I scoured the city and located the appropriate pothole for each photograph. The images were shot in New York, Los Angeles, Toronto and Montreal. Pretty makeover: A gardener makes use of the holes in the ground by filling them with soil and plants . Champagne and strawberries: Three girls enjoy several bottles of bubbly, chilled in an ice bucket created from a pothole . Alice in Wonderland chases after a rabbit which is about to jump into a very large black hole . 'I don't use Photoshop to create the image or add props, I only use it for colour correction. 'Seeing people's reactions to my work is wonderful, mostly smiles and laughter. 'They are astonished to hear that I do not photoshop the props into the scenes, but that everything is actually set in and around the pothole.'
highlights: Davide Luciano was inspired after he damaged his car when he ran over one .
id: 90f1b864052670c819cde64a704857826c539592
chatgpt: Davide Luciano, a software engineer from Montreal, was recently inspired to create a series of photographs after he damaged his car by running over a pothole. The incident, which left his vehicle with a flat tire and damaged rim, got Luciano thinking about the state of the city's streets and the impact they have on the community. According to Luciano, the experience of hitting the pothole was frustrating and inconvenient, but it also made him reflect on the larger issues of infrastructure, government accountability, and community engagement. "I realized that these issues are not just superficial problems, but they're symptoms of a lack of investment and care in our public spaces and infrastructure," said Luciano. "And that's why I wanted to create something that would bring attention to these issues and encourage people to take action." Luciano's new photography series, titled "Potholes," features a collection of humorous and surreal images that depict potholes as strange, otherworldly portals that lead to unexpected places and encounters. In one image, a man can be seen emerging from a pothole with a shovel in hand, as if he's just emerged from a secret underground passage. In another, a woman is shown diving headfirst into a giant pothole, as if it were a swimming pool. Yet another image shows a group of people sitting around a pothole like it's a campfire, roasting marshmallows and drinking beer. The images are both funny and poignant, and they offer a fresh perspective on a problem that many city dwellers face on a daily basis. But beyond the humor, Luciano hopes that his project will inspire people to think critically about the state of their communities and to take action to make positive change. "By depicting potholes in this strange and surreal way, I hope to draw attention to the problem and spark a conversation about how we can improve our public spaces," said Luciano. "But more than that, I hope to inspire people to take action, whether it's by contacting their local representatives or organizing community clean-up initiatives." Luciano's project has already received a lot of attention online, with many people sharing and commenting on his unique and creative approach to the pothole problem. And while he acknowledges that his project may not solve the underlying issues of infrastructure and government accountability, he believes that it has the power to inspire people to think differently about their communities and to take action to effect positive change. "At the end of the day, I just want to encourage people to care about their communities and to take ownership of their public spaces," said Luciano. "If my project can help do that in some small way, then I think it will have been a success."