article: England head coach Stuart Lancaster is hoping the comforts of home might help to bring a little normality to his quest for World Cup glory in 2015. Lancaster is well aware of the pressure he and his players will be under as the hosts attempt to lift the Webb Ellis trophy for just the second time. However, he is hoping a break from the intensity of the competition could prove crucial to their chances of success on home soil. England head coach Stuart Lancaster at the unveiling of the 2015 World Cup sign on Newcastle's Tyne Bridge . Lancaster believes England players can benefit by 'switching off' during a world cup on home soil . Lancaster, who was speaking in host city Newcastle as he marked the start of World Cup year, said: 'It's quite hard for all of us to understand the impact. 'The event this evening, just speaking to the guys about the interest in Newcastle on an evening like this probably brings it all home, so when the clock ticks to 2015, for all of us life will be different. 'But the one thing I would also say is I remember reading an article when I was in New Zealand in 2011 that Dan Carter had written about the advantages of being in a home World Cup where actually, whilst the intense scrutiny in massive and the pressure is huge in terms of home expectation, you can get home. Ben Morgan (No 8) celebrates with team-mates after scoring a try for England against Australia in November . 'You can get out of the bubble of the World Cup, on your day off, you can actually physically go home, you can see family and friends and have a bit of normality in your life, so actually being in England in one way raises expectation, but in another way, allows the players to get a little bit of normality as well. 'I know when I arrived in 2011 in New Zealand, it's a long way from home when you are in the middle of that intense period, so that's one thing to our advantage, and obviously just having the home support as well will be a huge thing for us.' Players can switch off from the 'intense scrutiny' during the World Cup by going home, says Lancaster .
highlights: England players can benefit from hosting 2015 World Cup . Stuart Lancaster believes his squad can 'switch off' by heading home . He says this will allow them to be out of the 'intense scrutiny' for a period . Lancaster: 'You can get out of bubble of the World Cup on your day off'
id: a4e959642af7a7d3a4f2cfa553ff43f8f6a85893
chatgpt: With the 2015 Rugby World Cup fast approaching, England coach Stuart Lancaster has voiced his belief that his squad will benefit from the privilege of hosting the tournament. The coach believes that his players will be able to "switch off" and take a much-needed break from the "intense scrutiny" of the tournament by heading home during their days off. This year's tournament is set to be the biggest in Rugby World Cup history, with 48 matches across 13 venues scheduled to take place. With England set to host eight matches, Lancaster is already planning how to keep his squad relaxed and focused during the tournament. Speaking to reporters, he said: "The tournament is a huge privilege for us to host, and it will be an incredible opportunity for our players to be involved in such a monumental event. But at the same time, it's important that they're able to switch off and take some time away from the intense scrutiny that the tournament will bring." Lancaster believes that having the ability to leave the tournament bubble on their days off will be crucial for his players' mental health and well-being. He added: "Taking some time out to spend with family and friends, or just to do something you love outside of rugby, can really help keep players mentally fresh and focused." The England coach is also confident that hosting the World Cup will give his squad a competitive edge over their opponents. "There's no doubt that playing at home will give us a huge boost," he said. "We know the stadiums, we know the atmosphere, and we have the support of our home fans behind us. It's up to us to use that to our advantage." With England's first match against Fiji just over a month away, Lancaster and his coaching staff are working tirelessly to prepare the squad for the tournament. Their focus is on ensuring that the players are mentally and physically prepared for the rigours of the tournament, and that they're able to perform at their best when it really matters. "Ultimately, it's about being able to perform under pressure," Lancaster said. "Whether it's in a training session, or in front of thousands of fans in a stadium, our players need to be mentally strong and focused. That's what we're working towards." Only time will tell whether hosting the World Cup will give England the edge they need to win the tournament. But with Lancaster's focus on player well-being and mental preparation, his squad will certainly be well-placed to perform at their absolute best.