article: Alastair Cook admitted he is disappointed not to be going to the World Cup in February after being stripped of England's one-day captaincy. The 29-year-old is frustrated to be missing England's campaign in Australia and New Zealand after his poor form and a dismal series in Sri Lanka led to him being replaced by Eoin Morgan. Speaking at Alexandra Palace, where Cook took on Jimmy Anderson in a one-leg darts challenge before commentating for Sky Sports, he said: 'Sometimes these things happen. Alastair Cook admitted he is disappointed at missing the Cricket World Cup in February . Cook is targeting a return to form in the Test arena with series against Australia and South Africa coming up . 'I have to take it on the chin. I am frustrated and disappointed that I am not on the plane (to Australia and New Zealand). 'It's gutting, it's frustrating not to be going there, especially when you have put so much in. 'But that's the way of the world. I have to get over it. I wish all the guys all of the best.' Cook (right) took on Jimmy Anderson (left) in a one-leg challenge at Alexandra Palace on Monday . Cook competed in the challenge match just days after being stripped of England's one-day captaincy . The England Test captain celebrates a victory on stage against his team-mate Anderson . Cook has now set his sights on returning to form in the Test arena in 2015 with an Ashes series and a tour of South Africa coming up. 'I will get away from it for a couple of weeks now,' he said. 'There are 17 Test matches next year -- we have never played that many in such a short space of time. 'We have Australia at home and then South Africa away, the two marque series. 'It'll be great to be involved in them. Hopefully I can get back to scoring some runs and enjoying cricket again.'
highlights: Alastair Cook admitted he is frustrated not to be going to the World Cup . Cook was stripped of the England captaincy after a poor run . The 29-year-old was at Alexandra Palace for world darts on Monday . Cook looking forward to getting back among the runs in Test cricket .
id: d7f33def029dd0ae77a0ba05b58be0b88fd9ea18
chatgpt: Former England cricket captain Alastair Cook has spoken of his frustration at not being part of England's Cricket World Cup squad. Cook was stripped of the captaincy following a poor run, which saw him fail to score a century in 160 innings. However, the 29-year-old didn't let this disappointment stop him from enjoying a night out at Alexandra Palace for the world darts on Monday. Speaking to reporters, Cook said, "It's frustrating not to be part of the World Cup squad, but the decision has been made and I have to respect it." Despite his disappointment, Cook is still determined to get back among the runs in Test cricket for England. "I'm looking forward to getting back out there and scoring runs for England in the Test matches," he said. Cook will have the opportunity to do just that when England takes on the West Indies in their upcoming Test series. The first Test is set to take place at Kensington Oval in Barbados on January 23. Although Cook won't be on the field for England in the World Cup, he has thrown his support behind the team. He believes that England has a genuine chance of winning the tournament, saying, "I think the squad that has been selected has the potential to go all the way and bring the trophy home." England will kick off their World Cup campaign against South Africa at The Oval on May 30. The tournament, which is being hosted by England and Wales, will feature 10 teams and will run until July 14. Cook's comments come as England prepares to face the West Indies in their first Test of the year. England will be hoping to bounce back from a disappointing end to 2018, which saw them suffer a 3-0 series defeat in Sri Lanka. Despite the setbacks, England remains one of the top teams in world cricket, with a host of strong players in their squad. With Cook's support behind them, they will be hoping to put in a strong performance at the World Cup and beyond.