article: Hong Kong (CNN) -- The death toll from the earthquake in southwest China's Sichuan Province has risen to 180 people with another 24 missing, China's Xinhua news agency reported Sunday. More than 11,200 are injured. Thousands of emergency workers, including soldiers, rushed to reach the affected zones in the hilly region, and Chinese Premier Li Keqiang traveled to the area from Beijing, state media reported. Xu Mengjia, the Communist Party chief of Ya'an, the city that administers the area where the quake struck, told state broadcaster CCTV that because of landslides and disruption to communications, determining the total number of casualties may take some time. Students gather outside to escape the quake . The quake struck just after 8 a.m. local time Saturday, about 115 kilometers (70 miles) away from the provincial capital, Chengdu, at a depth of around 12 kilometers, according to the U.S. Geological Survey. There was conflicting information about the earthquake's strength, with the USGS putting the magnitude at 6.6 and the China Earthquake Networks Center gauging it at 7.0. It was followed by a series of aftershocks, some of them as strong as magnitude 5.1, the USGS said. Authorities have responded by sending rescue workers to the area around the epicenter, briefly halting flights at the airport in Chengdu and suspending high-speed rail operations, state media reported. The event stirred memories of the devastating earthquake that hit Sichuan in 2008, killing more than 87,000 people. First responders to Saturday's quake reported that the damage caused didn't appear to be as severe as what was seen in the aftermath of the 2008 disaster, according to CCTV. Fan Xiaodong, a student in Chengdu, said when the tremors began to shake buildings in the city, many of his startled classmates rushed out of their dorms, some of them wearing only the clothes they'd been sleeping in. At first, Fan said, he only felt a slight trembling as he dozed in bed. "I thought it was my roommates shaking the bed," he said. "But the shock became stronger soon, and it came to me that an earthquake happened." The epicenter was in Lushan country, a district of Ya'an. That area is home to China's famous giant pandas and houses the country's biggest panda research center. CCTV reported that the pandas at the facility, which is about 40 kilometers (about 25 miles) from the epicenter, were safe. Residents of Chongqing, a sprawling metropolis more than 300 kilometers (about 190 miles) from Ya'an, said the quake also shook buildings there. Are you there? Send your iReports . CNN's Jethro Mullen reported and wrote from Hong Kong, and Steven Jiang reported from Beijing. CNN's Feng Ke in Beijing and Henry Hanks in Atlanta contributed to this report.
highlights: NEW: The number of dead climbs to 180, authorities say . About 6,700 people are reported to have been injured . Chinese Premier Li Keqiang travels to the area . The quake struck about 70 miles from the city of Chengdu in Sichuan .
id: 633bc4fb6bca4ce4af003c0064fab26c35bb6824
chatgpt: The death toll from the recent earthquake in Sichuan, China has climbed to 180, with approximately 6,700 people reported to have been injured. The 6.0 magnitude quake struck about 70 miles from the city of Chengdu, causing widespread damage to buildings and displacing thousands of people.  Chinese Premier Li Keqiang traveled to the area on Tuesday to assess the damage and meet with local officials. He expressed his condolences to those who had lost loved ones and pledged to provide assistance to those affected. Rescue workers have been working around the clock to search for survivors amid the rubble. Many people were trapped in collapsed buildings, and there were reports of people being pulled out alive even after several days. The government has sent in thousands of soldiers and rescue workers to assist in the efforts. According to local officials, the earthquake affected more than 12,000 households, many of whom have been forced to live in temporary shelters. Many schools and hospitals were also damaged, forcing students to attend classes in makeshift tents and patients to be treated in outdoor clinics. The government has allocated significant resources to the relief efforts, including food, water, and medical supplies. However, some local residents have expressed frustration with the slow distribution of aid, with some claiming that they have not received any assistance at all. Despite the challenges, there have been some heartwarming stories of resilience and heroism. In one incident, a group of firefighters managed to save a newborn baby who had been trapped under debris for more than 24 hours. The child was rushed to a nearby hospital and is said to be in stable condition. The earthquake in Sichuan has once again highlighted the importance of preparedness and emergency response in the face of natural disasters. Although China has made significant progress in improving its disaster response capabilities in recent years, more needs to be done to ensure that communities are able to cope with the aftermath of such events. As the relief efforts continue, the government is also looking to assess the long-term impact of the earthquake on the local economy and infrastructure. It is estimated that the damage caused by the quake could run into billions of dollars, further exacerbating the challenges faced by the people of Sichuan.