article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 09:00 EST, 23 May 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 09:41 EST, 23 May 2013 . The wife of deceased former mob-boss John Gotti has been hospitalized after suffering what was reportedly a 'very serious' stroke. It is the third stroke mob matriarch Victoria Gotti has suffered since 2006. Gotti's condition is unknown - she reportedly suffered the stroke last week and her family is requesting privacy in regards to her condition. Gotti and the former Gambino boss were . married in 1962, when the future 'Teflon Don' was just a small-time . street thug. Mafia mom: Victoria Gotti had five children with former mob boss John Gotti . By 1985, John Gotti was running one of the largest criminal . enterprises in the world after organizing the gangland slaying of then . Gambino-boss Paul Castellano outside of a bustling Manhattan steak . house. John and Victoria Gotti had five children - Angel, Victoria, John, Frank and Peter. Frank Gotti was killed on March 18, 1980, when Gotti neighbor John Favara ran the 12-year-old boy over with his car. The incident was ruled an accident, but when Favara visited the Gottis to offer his condolences, Victoria Gotti attacked him with a baseball bat. In July of 1980, Favara was abducted and never heard from again. He was presumed murdered in a hit ordered by Gotti - an allegation John Gotti Jr. has said is 'probable.' 'Teflon': John Gotti ran the Gambino crime family for nearly a decade until a 1992 conviction landed him in prison until his death in 2002 . Of all the Gotti children, John Jr. is the only one to follow his father into a life of crime. By 1982, John Jr. already had become a Gambino Family 'associate,' and by 1990 he had been named a 'capo' in the organization. In regards to her son's career with the mob, Victoria Gotti told the New York Daily News in 2006 that she felt 'betrayed' that her husband had dragged their son into a life of crime. 'I pretty much raised my children alone with Johnny being away for years at a time, so it broke my heart. I felt betrayed, the worst betrayal. I would rather have dealt with other women,' she told the paper. Growing up Gotti: Gotti children John Jr. (right) and Victoria have become as notorious in recent years as their infamous father . The Gottis' daughter Victoria starred in the A&E reality TV series Growing Up Gotti, which chronicled the lives of the former mafia don's grandchildren Carmine, John and Frank. The series was canceled in 2005 after 41 episodes.
highlights: Victoria Gotti underwent surgery in 2007 to treat a blockage in her brain . Gotti had five children with infamous mob boss John Gotti . Gotti beat a man with a baseball bat after he accidentally hit one of her children with his car .
id: 61adcb07e704f67c40a53b5ff966e511c8ac251f
chatgpt: Victoria Gotti, the former wife of notorious mob boss John Gotti, has undergone life-saving brain surgery back in 2007. The surgery was an attempt to remove a blockage that was impairing her cognitive abilities. Gotti has been known for her colorful and somewhat controversial life. She and John Gotti were married in 1962 and had five children together. After her husband was sentenced to life in prison in 1992, Victoria became the de facto head of the Gotti crime family. However, despite her involvement with the mafia, Victoria has had her own share of troubles. In 1980, she was diagnosed and treated for breast cancer. And in 2001, she was charged with a number of federal crimes, including extortion and money laundering, but the charges were later dropped. In 2007, Victoria faced another potentially fatal obstacle. She was diagnosed with a blockage in her brain that was causing severe headaches and other neurological symptoms. After undergoing surgery to remove the blockage, she was declared cancer-free and returned to her daily life. But Victoria's life has been far from ordinary. In 1986, she beat a man with a baseball bat after he accidentally hit one of her children with his car. The incident made headlines across the country, and Victoria became known as a fierce protector of her family. Despite her past association with the mafia and her controversial actions, Victoria has also been a public figure in her own right. She has written several books, including an autobiography, and has been a frequent guest on television shows. However, Victoria's life has not been without tragedy. In 2002, her eldest son, John A. Gotti, was sentenced to prison for extortion and other charges. He was released in 2019. And in 2013, her other son, Frank Gotti Agnello, was involved in a car accident that claimed the life of his friend. Through it all, Victoria Gotti has remained a resilient figure. She has faced seemingly insurmountable challenges and has come out the other side stronger. Today, she maintains a relatively low profile, but her legacy as a fierce, protective mother and a survivor of life's obstacles will always be remembered.