article: Back in the 1970s and 1980s, a Wendy house consisted of 16 plastic tubes and a wad of brightly coloured material with windows and a door printed on. These days, the buildings are made of solid wood, with functioning windows, lighting and even colour schemes. But these young people's palaces don't come cheap. Scroll down for video . The two-storey properties are built by a company in Pennsylvania called Lilliput Homes . The buildings are designed for kids aged three to ten years old . These elaborate Wendy houses for toddlers modelled on castles and Victorian houses are on sale for $20,000 (£12,770). The unbelievably detailed models come with Roman pillars, slides and even castle turrets. Amazingly, some of the houses can even be hooked up to electrical mains and come with fully operable doors and windows. The mini-dwellings, designed for kids aged three to ten years old, are nearly double the price of Britain's cheapest two-up two-down property. In April, a house in Gainsborough, Lincolnshire was put up for sale at an asking price of £7,000 ($11,000). The buildings are nearly double the price of Britain's cheapest two-up two-down real house . Some of the houses can even be hooked up to electrical mains and come with fully operable doors and windows . Stephen Chernicky, owner of Lilliput Play Homes, said: 'Twenty years ago, my wife and I searched for a playhouse for our daughter, Alyssa, but were unable to discover a product special enough for our little girl. 'Soon after we created the first Victorian Mansion playhouse and Lilliput Play Homes was born. 'We take personal pride in every wooden playhouse that our company creates.' These elaborate Wendy houses for toddlers modelled on castles and Victorian houses are on sale for $20,000 (£12,770). Models are complete with Roman pillars, slides and even castle turrets . He continued: 'We share the feeling of our customers, that children should have a special place of their own to grow and discover.' If operable windows, doors and electricity isn't enough, Lilliput even give the option to customise the colour schemes inside the houses. In fact, with prices on the property market going through the roof in much of the UK, it wouldn't be too surprising if cash-strapped twenty-somethings start snapping up the buildings as an alternative to bricks and mortar.
highlights: The two-storey properties are built by a company in Pennsylvania . The buildings are designed for kids aged three to ten years old . Models are complete with Roman pillars, slides and even castle turrets . But they are nearly double the price of Britain's cheapest two-up two-down .
id: 43b2e984fc775e1429b3583b1423ad6a6be9a6a0
chatgpt: Pennsylvania-based company, Playtime By Design, has revolutionized the concept of playtime for children aged three to ten years old. The firm has introduced two-storey playhouses which are complete with Roman pillars, slides and even castle turrets. The models are designed to provide a unique and fun experience for young children. The playhouses, which are made from sustainable materials, are built to last and withstand the rough and tumble that usually defines a child's playtime. According to the company, the structures are meant to inspire creativity and encourage imaginative play. However, these extravagant playhouses come at a steep price, nearly double the price of Britain's cheapest two-up two-down homes. While these homes could be affordable options for some, the Playtime By Design playhouses may only be within reach for those with deep pockets. Despite the high prices, the company has seen an increase in demand for these luxurious playhouses. Parents who have purchased these structures claim that their children are happier, more engaged and that the playhouses are an excellent investment in their child's development. The playhouses are designed to be multi-functional, offering endless possibilities for children to explore and play. They can be used as a clubhouse or a fort, making them perfect for adventure-seeking youngsters. Playtime By Design's innovative approach to playtime has drawn attention from parents all over the world. The company has received numerous accolades for their unique designs and sustainability efforts, including awards for innovation and sustainability. Playtime By Design has plans to expand its range of playhouses, catering to children of all ages. The company is committed to making playtime more enjoyable and meaningful for young children while also promoting sustainability in their products. In conclusion, Playtime By Design's two-storey playhouses are a game-changer in the world of playtime. Although they come with a hefty price tag, parents who can afford them can rest assured that they are investing in their children's happiness and development. With these playhouses, children can imagine, explore and create while also experiencing the joy of playing with their friends.