article: By . Rob Preece . PUBLISHED: . 13:55 EST, 11 July 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 14:21 EST, 11 July 2012 . He earned the nickname 'Two Jags' when it emerged that he owned a Jaguar and could use another on Government business. But Lord Prescott relied on taxis and a walking stick to help him get around London last night. And the former deputy prime minister looked decidedly uncomfortable in the back of a cab as he and wife Pauline attended a party hosted by Sir David Frost. Painful: Lord Prescott (right) looked uncomfortable as he travelled in the back of a cab with wife Pauline . Uncomfortable: The former deputy prime minister was photographed as he attended a summer party hosted by Sir David Frost . Lord Prescott, 74, has been forced to wear a protective shoe after he broke a metatarsal in his right foot last month. It is a similar injury to the one which threatened England footballer David Beckham's participation in the 2002 World Cup. But Labour sources say the peer has remained active since the break, which is believed to have happened in an unfortunate accident at the party's Yorkshire and Humber conference in Bradford on June 9. He was one of many famous guests at Sir David's annual summer party, held at the Royal Hospital Chelsea. Onlookers said he had to walk through a muddy field to enter the garden party, but still managed a smile for photographers. Hobbling: Lord Prescott used a walking stick as he made his way to the party with wife Pauline, but the couple still managed smiles for photographers . Stars on the guest list included actor Michael Sheen, who played Sir David in the film Frost/Nixon. Former Arsenal and England footballer Sol Campbell and ex-Liberal Democrat leader Lord Ashdown were also at the party. Lord Prescott will want to be rid of the walking stick soon, for he has a potentially busy autumn of campaigning ahead. He is the Labour candidate in the election for Humberside's first elected police commissioner, which is to be held in November. Party politician: Lord Prescott, 74, has been forced to wear a protective shoe after he broke a metatarsal in his right foot .
highlights: Former deputy prime minister broke a bone in his foot last month . He and wife Pauline were among party guests at Royal Hospital Chelsea .
id: a29de21d62d72c5d12265d3461bdb718cfaa8172
chatgpt: Former Deputy Prime Minister, John Prescott, recently suffered an injury after breaking a bone in his foot last month while attending a party at the Royal Hospital Chelsea. Prescott was accompanied by his wife, Pauline, at the party which was attended by various party guests. According to sources, the incident occurred while Prescott was moving around the venue. Despite the unfortunate event, Prescott and his wife made sure to stay and enjoy the party. Afterwards, the former politician received medical attention and is currently recovering well. This is not the first time Prescott has experienced a health setback, having suffered a stroke back in 2019. However, he has made a remarkable recovery since then and has been actively voicing his opinions on various political issues. Many fans of the politician have expressed their concern and well wishes for his speedy recovery on social media. Prescott is loved by many for his unwavering support and dedication towards improving the lives of the British people. The Royal Hospital Chelsea is a retirement and nursing home for veterans of the British Army. Over the years, numerous events have been held at the facility and have been attended by distinguished guests from all across the UK. The hospital also has a rich history, having been established in 1682 by King Charles II to house veteran soldiers. As Prescott continues his road to recovery, his fans and supporters will undoubtedly keep him in their thoughts and prayers. The former politician has always been vocal about his love for the British people and his desire to help improve the lives of those around him. His injury has not slowed down his passion, and he continues to be an inspiration to many. In conclusion, the former Deputy Prime Minister's recent injury has sparked concern among his supporters, but they remain optimistic about his full recovery. Prescott has always been a strong figure in British politics, and his dedication to serving the people has earned him much respect from citizens and politicians alike.