article: By . Rob Waugh . PUBLISHED: . 05:38 EST, 10 July 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 05:38 EST, 10 July 2012 . Defender? Al Qaeda terrorists do not want to destroy Western civilisation - and in fact aim to defend themselves, a provocative study has argued . Al Qaeda terrorists do not want to destroy Western civilisation - and in fact aim to defend themselves, a provocative study has argued. The study is certain to cause anger among relatives of victims of extremist groups, which often unleash violent and unprovoked attacks. The academics claim, however, that the goals of such groups are broadly 'defensive'. The study, which analysed 2,000 propaganda texts from Al Qaeda and other Islamist groups says that the group's goals are 'defensive'. The researchers looked at quotes from the Qur'an, and found that the extremists focused on maintaining faith and hope in the face of attacks. The researchers claim that simply altering the Western view of Islamic extremists as would-be 'conquerors' could help to halt the global conflict. Notorious verses from the Qur'an were quoted in Al Qaeda materials far less than the researchers expected. The so-called ‘Verse of the Sword’ (9:5) that says ‘fight and slay the pagans wherever you find them’ was . used only three times. How this fits in with the violent attacks unleashed by Al Qaeda and affiliated groups is unclear. The researchers catalogued more than 1,500 quotes from the Qur'an that extremists used to support their arguments, and identified the chapter (surah) and verse represented in the quote. ‘We were surprised at the very limited use of the sword verse,’ said Bennett Furlow, a research assistant and one of three co-authors of the study, ‘How Islamist Extremists Quote the Qur'an.’ ‘Conventional wisdom says Islamists are bent on world domination and this verse is the justification. We found it to be insignificant,’ he said. ‘These findings challenge the idea of a clash of civilizations,’ said the study's lead author Jeff Halverson, a professor of communication in ASU's College of Liberal Arts and Sciences. ‘What extremists are really saying to Muslims is, 'our communities are under siege and God will defend us if we have faith and courage. If we try to portray them as evil conquerors when their audience sees them as protectors and champions, it damages our credibility and makes our communication less effective,’ he said. Other studies have shown in fact that al Qaeda-linked militants are 38 times more likely to kill a Muslim than a member of another group – hardly the activity of a ‘competent champion,’ the ASU study states.
highlights: Controversial study claims Qur'an quotes 'prove' Al Qaeda are 'defenders' Islamists are not bent on world domination, claim controversial academics . 'Verse of the sword' quote used only three times in 2000 texts . Unclear how this fits with extremists violent and unprovoked attacks .
id: 410c697b9a1dae7e5cf2bc8606dd2a7911c45b40
chatgpt: A controversial study conducted by a group of academics has claimed that Al Qaeda and other Islamist extremist groups are not bent on world domination, going against the mainstream belief on terrorism. According to the study, the Qur'an quotes prove that these groups are merely defending their faith, and not engaging in violent and unprovoked attacks. The study focused on the "Verse of the Sword", a Qur'anic verse that has been frequently used as a justification for violent acts by extremist groups. However, the researchers discovered that this quote was only used in three out of the 2000 texts they analyzed, leading them to the conclusion that it was not the driving force behind extremist ideology. The study has caused a great deal of controversy, with many experts and organizations criticizing it as being irresponsible and dangerous. However, the researchers stand by their findings, stating that their aim is to provide a deeper understanding of the motivations behind extremist acts. Despite their claims, many are still unconvinced by the study's findings. One common criticism is that the researchers have failed to account for the fact that extremist groups are often highly selective in the Qur'anic verses they use to justify their actions. Others have pointed out the inconsistency between the study's findings and the reality of extremist violence. While the researchers suggest that these groups are not motivated by a desire for global domination, their actions suggest otherwise. For decades, extremist groups have carried out attacks across the world, killing and injuring countless numbers of innocent people. While the study may have sparked controversy, it has also opened up a wider conversation about the motivations behind extremist acts. Many have called for further study into this complex topic, in the hope of gaining a deeper understanding of what drives individuals to commit such heinous acts. As the war on terror rages on, it is clear that there is still a great deal of work to be done in understanding and combatting the threat posed by extremist groups. Whether this study will provide a useful contribution to this ongoing effort remains to be seen.