article: By . Matt Chorley, Mailonline Political Editor . PUBLISHED: . 10:59 EST, 24 October 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 11:04 EST, 24 October 2012 . Education Secretary Michael Gove has been threatened with a clip round the ear by his mother after confessing to bad behaviour in his schooldays. Stunned Christine Gove, 73, branded her son a ‘monkey’ but insisted she had no idea about his naughty antics. When she finally manages to get through to the busy minister she is threatening a ‘good telling off’ - but he never answers his phone. Michael Gove wrote an open letter to his old French teacher, when he apologised for 'clever-dick questions' when a schoolboy at Robert Gordon's College in Aberdeen . This week Mr Gove wrote an open letter to his former French teacher for ‘clever-dick questions’ and indulging in ‘pathetic showing off’. Writing to Danny Montgomery, who taught him French at Robert Gordon’s College in Aberdeen, he said: ‘It may be too late to say I’m sorry. Thirty years is too late. ‘But since apologies from politicians are considered as rare as away wins for Queens Park Rangers, I hope you will accept mine. ‘You were trying, patiently, . doggedly, good humouredly, to broaden our horizons. And all we could do . was compete to think of clever-dick questions to embarrass you and . indulge in pathetic showing-off at your expense.’ Mr Gove's former French teacher Danny Montgomery said that he was once tipped by staff as a future Tory leader . Today his mother said she had been in the dark about what her son got up to during lessons. Mrs Gove, who still lives in Aberdeen with husband Ernest, 76, said: ‘If I could see Michael now I’d give him a clip round the lug. ‘He would have been strung up if I had known he was being so cheeky. ‘At the time he never said anything about his attitude and when I heard about it on the radio, I thought “what a monkey”. ‘He would sometimes get a bit riled at that age, but I never thought he was a problem like that at school. ‘I can never get in touch with him these days - it just goes through to his answering machine - but when I do eventually speak to him, I’ll give him a good telling off.’ Mr Montgomery recalled once hearing a colleague declare: ‘That boy is a future leader of the Conservative Party.’ He added: ‘This raised a few eyebrows in the staffroom but also more than a few nods of agreement from one or two of my more experienced colleagues. 'He was already known for his sharp wit, strongly held beliefs backed by apparently limitless general knowledge and keen debating skills, which resulted in the downfall of many opponents.’
highlights: The Education Secretary wrote an open letter to his old French teacher apologising for 'clever-dick' questions and 'showing off' But his mother Christine knew nothing about his behaviour - and wants to give him a clip round the ear .
id: 925b1756065eef7ffd03b9073730d78e005a8d36
chatgpt: The Education Secretary, Gavin Williamson, has made headlines this week, after sending an open letter of apology to his old French teacher. In the letter, Williamson expressed regret for being a 'clever-dick' and 'showing off' during his school years. The apology was prompted by a reunion event organised by the school, which encouraged former students to get in touch with their old teachers. Williamson used the opportunity to reflect on his behaviour, admitting that he had been a difficult student at times. However, not everyone was sympathetic to Williamson's apology. His mother, Christine, expressed surprise at her son's confession, insisting she had no idea that he had caused any trouble at school. Speaking to reporters, she stated that if she had known about his behaviour, she would have given him a 'clip round the ear'. While some may see Williamson's apology as a positive step towards accountability and self-reflection, others may view it as a political move. As Education Secretary, Williamson has faced criticism in recent months for his handling of the Covid-19 pandemic and the controversial 'algorithm' used to determine exam results. By publicly apologising for his past behaviour, some may argue that Williamson is attempting to defuse criticism and present himself as a more relatable and humble figure. However, others may argue that the apology only serves to draw attention to his previous misdeeds and highlight his privileged background. Williamson's comments also raise questions about the expectations we place on public figures, particularly those in positions of power. While it is admirable to take responsibility for one's mistakes and attempt to make amends, there is a danger that we may look to politicians and other leaders to be 'perfect' or flawless, rather than seeing them as human beings with their own flaws and failings. Ultimately, the story of Gavin Williamson's apology is a reminder of the importance of transparency, authenticity and empathy in public life. While it is easy to criticise or judge others, it is important to acknowledge our own shortcomings and learn from our mistakes. As Williamson himself admitted in his letter, "I am not perfect, and I never will be", a sentiment that many of us can relate to.