article: Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker took a swipe at former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush on Monday night, boasting that he 'didn't inherit fame or fortune from my family.' The two Republican politicians have emerged as early frontrunners for their party's 2016 presidential nomination. And though Walker promised just three days ago that he wouldn't launch attacks against other primary candidates, that pledge seems to have gone quickly out the window. 'I realize that unlike some out there, I didn't inherit fame or fortune from my family,' Walker told a convention of Christian broadcasters in Nashville, Tennessee. 'I got a bunch of things that were a whole lot better than that.' SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEOS . JAB: Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker took a shot at former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush on Monday night, saying he didn't 'inherit' fame and fortune from a family legacy . PLEDGE: Walker promised just three days ago at a National Governors Association meeting that he wouldn't attack fellow Republican presidential hopefuls . Spokespersons for Walker didn't immediately respond to questions about whether that line was meant as a brushback pitch at Bush, but his opponent with the marquee political name si the only one in the likely GOP presidential field who fits the bill. On Saturday, Walker told reporters at a Washington, D.C. meeting of the National Governors Association that he wouldn't go negative against fellow Republicans during what will likely be a fierce primary season. 'If I (am) a candidate, I’m not going to go out and attack my opponents,' he said, according to the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel. 'You're not going to hear me say ill will about any of the other candidates,' he said. But on Monday he drew stark lines of comparison between his hardscrabble origins and Bush's privileged upbringing. 'My grandparents on my mother's side raised my mother on a farm where they didn't have indoor plumbing until she went off to high school,' he said. 'And on my other side of the family, my grandfather was a machinist ... for about four decades,' 'I got from my parents and my grandparents the belief that if you work hard, if you played by the rules, here in America you can do anything you want,' said to applause. 'That's a pretty powerful belief. And I think we need to remind more of our young people today that we need to have that in America, right?' Video of his remarks surfaced Tuesday morning courtesy of American Bridge 21st Century, a far-left political action committee that supports likely Democratic nominee Hillary Rodham Clinton. Bush's famous family, and its thorny political legacy, remains the biggest obstacle in his path to the Whtie House. 'Jeb Bush is asking us to do the impossible,' Bloomberg columnist Margaret Carlson wrote Tuesday: 'forget that he’s the son of one president and the brother of another.'
highlights: Wisconsin governor has vaulted to co-frontrunner status . Bush brings both political muscle and practical liabilities along with his 'legacy' status as the son and brother of former presidents . Liberal advocacy group's video 'tracker' recorded Walker's remarks Monday night at a convention of Christian broadcasters in Nashville .
id: 4ab81fcda9f8dbc280b7a50d35af7b12f7cd2f8c
chatgpt: Wisconsin Governor Scott Walker has emerged as a frontrunner in the Republican presidential primary race, alongside Jeb Bush. While Bush brings political muscle and a legacy as the son and brother of former presidents, he also carries practical liabilities. Meanwhile, Walker is gaining momentum, despite the opposition of liberal advocacy groups. Recent comments by Walker have drawn attention, particularly after being recorded by a liberal advocacy group's video "tracker" at a convention of Christian broadcasters in Nashville. In the speech, Walker discussed his beliefs about the role of faith in his life, as well as calling for a return to conservative principles in government. For Walker, this kind of rhetoric has become a calling card. Throughout his career, he has positioned himself as a staunch conservative, earning the support of many tea party activists and evangelical voters. He has overhauled Wisconsin's labor laws, curbed the power of public employee unions, and supported pro-life legislation. Many conservatives have praised Walker for standing his ground in the face of tremendous opposition from liberal groups, including those that have launched numerous legal challenges against his policies. They also appreciate his ability to rally conservatives around a common cause, which has helped Republicans win state-level elections. While Walker's conservatism has earned him many fans on the right, it has also made him a target of criticism from liberal groups. The video of his recent speech received widespread coverage in the media, with some calling his remarks "divisive" and "disqualifying" for a presidential candidate. Despite this backlash, Walker's grassroots appeal has helped him vault to co-frontrunner status in the Republican primary race. He has strong support among conservative voters and is seen as a serious contender for the nomination. Meanwhile, Jeb Bush's campaign has been dogged by concerns over his past support for policies like Common Core education standards and comprehensive immigration reform. These positions are unpopular among many Republican voters, who view them as examples of big government overreach. Bush has tried to distance himself from these positions, but his "legacy" status as the son and brother of former presidents has made it difficult for him to do so. While some Republicans view him as the strongest candidate in the general election, others worry that his baggage could make him vulnerable to Democratic attacks. With the Iowa caucus and New Hampshire primary fast approaching, the Republican race is heating up. While Bush and Walker are currently the frontrunners, candidates like Marco Rubio, Ted Cruz, and Donald Trump are also seen as contenders. The next few weeks will be crucial for each campaign, as they seek to build momentum and win over key constituencies. Ultimately, the rise of Scott Walker as a co-frontrunner in this race reflects the deep divisions within the Republican party. As the field continues to narrow, it remains to be seen which candidate(s) will emerge as the nominee and champion of the conservative cause.