article: England eased to a 3-0 victory against Peru at Wembley on Friday night courtesy of a Daniel Sturridge strike and goals from centre backs Gary Cahill and Phil Jagielka. Pre-tournament . hysteria was in short supply at Wembley among the prawn sandwich . brigade, with large swathes of empty red spaces among the corporate . seats. It . was a near sell-out elsewhere - although many fans took to making paper . aeroplanes during a languid first half. The planes raised a cheer when . they reached the pitch - Joe Hart retrieved one - and the crowd . certainly enjoyed it when another one hit a Peru player. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Post-match reactions from Gerrard and Sturridge . Double act: Cahill and Jagielka kept a clean sheet and both got on the scoresheet during England's victory . Getting involved: England No 1 Joe Hart throws a paper plane back towards the Wembley crowd . Didi . Hamann is such an Anglophile now, he’s virtually gone native, . tweeting on Friday night: ‘Sterling and Barkley would go straight into Germany’s team . right now. They must have half a chance getting into England’s. They are . special.’ That’s some praise given the German options of Thomas Muller, . Mario Gotze, Marco Reus, Toni Kroos and Mesut Ozil. ............................................................................ Peru’s . new coach Pablo Bengoechea had an unbeaten Wembley record prior to . Friday night. He captained Uruguay here in 1995 in a less than . compelling 0-0 draw, leading a team that included Enzo Francescoli and . Gus Poyet. That rather uninspiring clash formed part of England’s Euro . 96 preparations under Terry Venables. Let’s hope that, like that year, there are some fireworks when the real business begins. One of the . best features of Peruvian football - the iconic strip with the . distinctive red sash - was sadly not on show last night with England . playing in their all white home kit. The . sight of Teofilo Cubillas racing away in the distinctive kit . celebrating another goal in the 3-1 win over Scotland in 1978 will . always bring a nostalgic smile to England fans. Iconic: Teofilo Cubillas is mobbed by his Peru team-mates after scoring against Scotland at the 1978 World Cup .
highlights: Many England fans took to making paper aeroplanes during 3-0 win over Peru . Didi Hamann claims Ross Barkley and Raheem Sterling would go straight into Germany team . Peru coach Pablo Bengoechea had an unbeaten Wembley record prior to friendly defeat .
id: ba100ff781efb329d40122c5c33c219dce58be7f
chatgpt: England fans had a blast during their team's 3-0 victory over Peru at Wembley Stadium on Friday. Many supporters entertained themselves by folding and launching paper airplanes, providing an extra bit of excitement to a convincing friendly match. However, the focus was on the players on the pitch, particularly Ross Barkley and Raheem Sterling. German football legend, Didi Hamann, believes that the young English duo would immediately earn spots in the German national team if they were eligible to play for Die Mannschaft. Hamann, who won the 1996 European Championship and the 2001 Champions League with Liverpool, expressed his high regard for Barkley and Sterling on social media. "No doubt," he tweeted, "Barkley and Sterling would walk into the German team." Barkley, the 20-year-old Everton midfielder, came on as a substitute in the second half and helped set up one of England's goals. Sterling, the 19-year-old Liverpool winger, played the entire 90 minutes and put in a solid performance. While Hamann praised the English youngsters, Peru coach Pablo Bengoechea had his unbeaten record at Wembley tarnished. The former Uruguay midfielder, who played for Tottenham Hotspur in the 1990s, had won both of his two previous games as a player at the historic venue. However, his team was unable to match the intensity and quality of the Three Lions. Peru was pegged back early by a goal from Daniel Sturridge, who finished off a slick passing move. Gary Cahill doubled England's lead with a header from a corner kick, before Phil Jagielka headed in a third on the stroke of halftime. "It was a good test for us," said England manager Roy Hodgson after the match. "We worked hard and we got the result we wanted. We've got one more game against Ecuador, and then we're off to Brazil." The England fans, meanwhile, will be hoping for more paper plane-worthy performances from their team in the coming weeks. And, if Hamann is to be believed, Barkley and Sterling might just lead England to success - or even Germany, if they switched nationalities.