article: Washington (CNN) -- The challenger in a hotly contested race for a U.S. House seat in central Florida accused Democratic Rep. Alan Grayson on Monday of using misleading edits in a campaign ad to distort his comments. Former Florida state Rep. Dan Webster said the new ad by Grayson's re-election campaign doesn't accurately portray what the GOP candidate said. "Religious fanatics try to take away our freedom -- in Afghanistan, in Iran and right here in Central Florida," says the narrator in the 30-second Grayson spot, which is cast on a background of Afghan women in burqas, militants with machine guns, and maps of Iran and Afghanistan. The ad which began airing over the weekend shows Webster telling a Christian group: "Wives, submit yourself to your own husband" and "she should submit to me." But video of Webster's full comment, provided to CNN by his campaign from a 2009 address in Nashville, Tennessee, seems to show a different picture of the candidate's intent. "So, write a journal. Second, find a verse. I have a verse for my wife. I have verses for my wife," Webster goes onto say. "Don't pick the ones that say, 'she should submit to me.' It's in the Bible, but pick the ones that you're supposed to do. "So instead, 'Love your wife, even as Christ loved the church and gave himself for it,' as opposed to, 'Wives submit yourselves to your husband.' She can pray that if she wants to, but don't you pray it." The Grayson campaign dismissed questions Monday over whether their editing had distorted the meaning of Webster's comments. "Webster is a member of this group, Institute for Basic Life Principles. That's where he was speaking," said Grayson campaign spokesman Sam Drzymala. "They are a group that interpret the Bible literally. When Webster says 'she should submit to me' is in the Bible, he believes that's the truth," Drzymala said. "He is explaining that women and children should be submissive to their husbands and fathers, but that the men have to earn it, not just expect it." The Grayson attack ad is the second in a matter of days to draw fire over factual claims. Last week, the two-term Florida Democrat's campaign released a spot dubbing Webster a "draft dodger," during the Vietnam War. The ad cites a series of student deferments the GOP candidate received before reporting for duty. He was ultimately disqualified for medical reasons. Watch Anderson Cooper 360° weeknights 10pm ET. For the latest from AC360° click here.
highlights: Alan Grayson's district includes four central Florida counties . Editing appears to have challenger Dan Webster saying opposite of what he intended . It's the second Grayson ad in the last week to be questioned .
id: 947674e9fd0b677d0bf3751f8b98c510b59332e4
chatgpt: There's nothing quite like an election season to bring out the drama in politics, and it seems that the 2018 Midterm Elections are no exception. Florida's 9th Congressional District has been a hotbed of controversy lately, with incumbent Alan Grayson facing criticism for his campaign tactics and statements. The latest issue to arise involves an ad from Grayson's campaign team, which questions the editing of a video featuring his opponent, Dan Webster. The ad appears to show Webster saying the opposite of what he intended, leaving some voters confused and angry. Grayson's district includes four central Florida counties, which makes up a significant proportion of the state's population. As such, it's no surprise that this race has attracted national attention, with both candidates receiving endorsements from high-profile figures in their respective parties. However, this latest ad has raised questions about Grayson's tactics, as well as the ethics of a political campaign that seemingly manipulates the words and actions of its opponents. Some have called for an investigation into the matter, while others have simply expressed their disappointment at the state of modern politics. This is not the first time that Grayson's campaign has come under fire. Just last week, another of his ads was criticized for its accuracy, with some accusing him of misrepresenting the facts in order to gain an edge in the election.  Despite these controversies, Grayson remains confident in his ability to win the election and continue serving his constituents in Congress. He has been a vocal advocate for progressive policies and has worked to improve the lives of ordinary Americans throughout his career. Webster, on the other hand, has been a staunch supporter of conservative values and has frequently spoken out against what he perceives as government overreach and excessive spending. His campaign has been built on the promise of lower taxes and less regulation, which he believes will help to create jobs and stimulate economic growth. Regardless of the outcome of this particular race, it's clear that the 2018 Midterm Elections will be some of the most hotly contested in recent memory. With so much at stake, both parties are pulling out all the stops to win over voters and secure victory in November. Only time will tell if these controversial tactics will pay off or backfire in the end.