article: Labor MP Anthony Albanese certainly did not beat around the bush when he was asked for a statement about the retirement of the chairman of Sydney Airport. Social media lit up when Mr Albanese sent out a one-word statement to journalist about the news. Under the official letterhead of the Australia coat of arms, Mr Albanese's reply to Max Moore-Wilton announcing he was stepping down read: 'Good'. Labor MP Anthony Albanese issued a one-word statement about the retirement of the Sydney Airport chairman . Mr Albanese (left) and Mr Moore-Wilton starting feuding in 2011 when the chairman threatened to take legal action against the then-Minister for Infrastructure and Transport . Twitter users immediately dubbed the Shadow Minister for Infrastructure and Transport's response as the 'best press release ever'. One woman called it a 'legendary press release', while another said it was 'brilliant in its brevity'. A man joked he would try to live up to the high standard Mr Albanese had taken press releases. 'From today onwards, I will endeavour to emulate @albomp's media release skillz,' he wrote. Social media users commended Mr Albanese's short and not so sweet response . 'From today onwards, I will endeavour to emulate @albomp's media release skillz,' one user wrote . One woman called it a 'legendary press release' The feud between Mr Albanese and Mr Moore-Wilton dates back to 2011 when the chairman threatened take legal action against the then-Minister for Infrastructure and Transport, according to Fairfax Media. During debate over a second airport in Sydney, Mr Albanese fired off that Mr Moore-Wilton should not be included in consultation as he had a 'monopoly over the existing airport'. The MP supported a second airport coming to Sydney, while Mr Moore-Wilton was not keen on the idea. Mr Moore-Wilton's time as chairman will come to an end in May.
highlights: Anthony Albanese sent a one-word statement about Sydney Airport's chairman retirement . The snappy response to news about Max Moore-Wilton read: 'Good' Mr Albanese and Mr Moore-Wilton's feud began four years ago in 2011 . The chairman threatened to sue the then-Minister for Infrastructure and Transport .
id: 45452e4f0e907b9463cf6b8006eb50c84a207797
chatgpt: Australian federal opposition leader, Anthony Albanese, had a snappy one-word response to the news of Max Moore-Wilton’s retirement from the position of Sydney Airport’s chairman. Albanese simply said “Good”, marking the end of a four-year feud between the two. In 2011, the chairman had threatened to sue the then-Minister for Infrastructure and Transport, Albanese, over comments he had made. Moore-Wilton’s tenure as Sydney Airport’s chairman will come to an end in July after five years at the helm. During his time in the position, he presided over a period of significant expansion for the airport, which is the busiest in Australia. However, Moore-Wilton’s tenure was not without controversy. In recent years, he has been embroiled in a bitter feud with Albanese, who is now the leader of the Labor Party. The feud began in 2011 when Albanese made comments about the CEO’s salary at Sydney Airport. Moore-Wilton, who was then the airport’s CEO, threatened to sue Albanese over the remarks. The matter was eventually settled out of court, but the two men have continued to be at loggerheads ever since. Albanese’s “Good” response to Moore-Wilton’s retirement has been seen by some as a final jab at the chairman. The opposition leader has not commented further on the matter, and it is not yet clear who will succeed Moore-Wilton as Sydney Airport’s chairman. Despite the controversy surrounding Moore-Wilton’s tenure, there is little doubt that he has played a significant role in the growth and development of Sydney Airport over the past five years. Under his leadership, the airport has undergone a major expansion, with new terminals and a second runway set to be completed in the near future. As Moore-Wilton prepares to step down, there will no doubt be speculation about who will take over from him as Sydney Airport’s chairman. For now, however, Albanese’s snappy response has brought an end to his feud with the outgoing chairman.