article: You might call it "stemwaregate", a seemingly extravagant luxury purchase by the U.S. Department of State just before the federal government partially shuts down. A contract worth as much as $5 million was awarded to high-end Vermont glass and pottery designer Simon Pearce to design and manufacture glass stemware for U.S. foreign embassies just days before the October 1st government shutdown. State Department spokesperson Marie Harf sought Wednesday to downplay the story. "[T]here was no sort of $5 million midnight purchase trying to get it just in under the wire," she said. "This contract was not connected in any way to the shutdown." But Harf did acknowledge the contract, which was awarded September 25, coincided with the end of the government's fiscal year, at which time many agencies incorporate a "use it or lose it" mentality with their funding. A spokesperson for Simon Pearce told CNN the contract is for 12,500 pieces of custom hand-blown glassware to be produced over five years and to be used at foreign embassies. Simon Pearce stemware isn't cheap -- starting at $65 per piece.  But the spokeswoman said the government has negotiated a "significant reduction" in price due to the volume order. The company spokesperson said Vermont Democratic Sen. Patrick Leahy was instrumental in securing the contract. Simon Pearce expects the contract to allow it to hire many additional workers at its Quechee facility, which was nearly destroyed by Hurricane Irene two years ago. Harf said the purchase reinforces U.S. worldwide diplomacy: "We're out there representing the United States, and I think what better way to do that than with a good American company with good American products." 5 crazy side effects from the shutdown .
highlights: Simon Pearce of Vermont wins contract for glassware . Officials say purchase "not connected" to shutdown . State Department: Good company, good products .
id: 65bff7d478b1d9ffa2ac4bd2b77e3d6cc460a950
chatgpt: Vermont-based glassware manufacturer Simon Pearce has secured a major contract in a government purchase order, officials announced on Thursday. A spokesperson confirmed that the deal was entirely unrelated to the ongoing government shutdown, which has caused delays and disruptions in many areas of government activity. The State Department, which issued the purchase order, released a statement praising Simon Pearce's products and reputation. "Simon Pearce is a good company with a strong track record of quality and reliability," the statement read. "We are pleased to be doing business with them and look forward to a successful partnership." The contract includes a variety of glassware products, from traditional goblets and stemware to more specialized items like decanters and serving dishes. The products will be used for official events and functions run by the State Department and other government agencies. Simon Pearce, which is based in the small town of Quechee, Vermont, has been in business for over 40 years. The company specializes in handcrafted glassware that is renowned for its beauty and durability. According to their website, all of their products are made by skilled artisans using traditional techniques, and the company is committed to sustainability and environmental responsibility. News of the contract has been met with excitement and pride in Vermont, where Simon Pearce is seen as a local success story. The company's products are sold in stores and galleries throughout the state, and tourists frequently visit the town of Quechee to see the glassblowing process firsthand. Simon Pearce himself, who founded the company in 1981, expressed gratitude for the opportunity to work with the State Department. "We are honored to have been selected for this contract," he said in a statement. "Our team takes great pride in every piece of glassware that we create, and we are excited to showcase the unique beauty of our products to an even wider audience." Overall, the contract is a win-win for both Simon Pearce and the State Department. Officials can be sure that they are getting high-quality glassware for official events, while Simon Pearce has the opportunity to showcase their products on a national stage.