article: New York (CNN) -- Most people toss out their busted umbrellas after a strong storm rips them apart. But for Catherine Charlot, these broken remnants are true treasures. After rainy weather hits New York City, Charlot takes to the streets collecting umbrellas from roads, subway stations and trash cans. Then she totes them back to her Brooklyn studio and transforms them from trash into fashion. Her unique pieces are anything but shabby. Charlot creates chic cocktail dresses, tote bags and dog clothes from umbrella material and other recycled fabrics for her clothing line Himane. She has even made a wedding dress using 15 white umbrellas. After watching the film "Breakfast at Tiffany's," Charlot was inspired to make her own version of the little black dress, thinking, "I really love that black dress, but I don't want to do the same kind of little black dress. What about I try something out of umbrellas? "And I took 3 umbrellas and I designed a beautiful gown." Wet-weather months provide an abundance of fabric for Charlot. "In March, during the rainy month, I collected 237 umbrellas," she said. The job can lead to interesting situations. One woman who came across Charlot digging deep in a trash can mistook her for a homeless person and offered her lunch. But Charlot doesn't mind. She believes she is helping to reduce the amount of garbage on the streets. "I think I'm doing a lot. I'm helping a lot because all those umbrellas and all those fabrics are going to end up in a landfill." Her creations are mostly sold online. The umbrella dresses start at $200, dog clothes are $40, and purses are about $150. It's fashion for a good cause. Charlot says 10 percent of every sale she makes will go to a school she is building in her home country of Haiti. The school, Charlot said, will be "something young kids can just go and learn something positive, learn how to recycle, how to do something with their hands, and be useful for tomorrow." Charlot believes she is making a difference at home, too. "By purchasing and buying one dress, a bag made out of a recycled umbrella, right there you're showing your support, you're doing something that is right, that is good for the environment, for you, for your kids, or for everybody," she said. Meanwhile, Charlot is committed to braving the rainy New York City streets on the hunt for trashed umbrellas. "I'll keep on going and recycling and do whatever I can just to make our lives easier, a little bit better maybe."
highlights: Broken umbrellas find second life at the hands of Catherine Charlot . Cocktail dresses, tote bags and more are created from umbrella material . Charlot hopes to make people's lives "a little bit better maybe"
id: dcf60c3e179153a66b05989f51015697a50cc2a6
chatgpt: In a world that is becoming increasingly conscious of environmental sustainability, Catherine Charlot found an innovative way to repurpose one of the most commonly discarded items: broken umbrellas. Charlot, an artist and designer, is revolutionizing sustainable fashion by creating beautiful cocktail dresses, tote bags, and other items of clothing from the materials of broken umbrellas. Broken umbrellas are a common sight on city streets, especially on days with high winds or heavy rain. Rather than simply throwing them away, Charlot saw the potential of using the materials for her art projects. She collects the discarded umbrellas, tears them apart, and turns them into fashionable items. Charlot's designs are truly unique, featuring bright colors and patterns that were once hidden beneath the dull exterior of a discarded umbrella. Her creations are gaining widespread recognition for their sustainability and originality. She hopes that her work will inspire others to think more about their environmental impact and take more care when discarding items. "I hope that my work can make people's lives a little bit better, maybe," says Charlot. "By using discarded materials, I'm showing that everything has value and can be repurposed into something beautiful and useful." Charlot's work captures the attention of many people who are looking for sustainable ways to consume fashion responsibly. Her creations are made using materials that would have otherwise ended up in landfills or oceans. By taking discarded items and turning them into something useful and beautiful, she is reducing waste and promoting a sense of continuity. "I think it's important to be creative and resourceful in every aspect of our lives, and fashion is no exception," Charlot notes. "There's so much potential for sustainability and beauty in everyday discarded items, and my goal is to bring that to life in my designs." From tote bags to cocktail dresses, it's easy to see the passion and creativity that goes into Charlot's work. Her designs are embraced by people who are looking for unique and sustainable ways to incorporate fashion into their lifestyles. Charlot's work is a testament to the fact that creativity can be found in anything, and that sustainability can be integrated into every aspect of our lives. By using discarded materials to create beautiful and useful items, she is not only promoting environmental awareness but also inspiring others to think creatively about the resources they have at their disposal. In a world where sustainability is becoming increasingly important, Catherine Charlot's work is a shining example of how creativity and resourcefulness can be used to create beauty and protect the planet.