article: By . Mark Prigg . PUBLISHED: . 05:35 EST, 31 July 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 11:37 EST, 31 July 2012 . If you have only just managed to switch your TV to digital, bad news - you may soon have to buy yet another box. A parliamentary inquiry today forecast a second wave of switchover as TV moves online. The House of Lords says the government should begin planning for every channel to be available online to free up spectrum for services like high speed mobile phone services. The 219 metre tall Crystal Palace broadcast tower. Experts say it could soon be replaced by online TV services. 'Eventually the case for transferring the carriage of broadcast content, including public service broadcasting, from spectrum to the internet altogether will become overwhelming,' the Lords communications committee said in its report on internet infrastructure. It comes as gadget makers around the world are turning their attention to the living room. Last week YouView boxes, which combine freeview digital TV services with on demand internet services such as iPlayer, went on sale in the UK. Apple is also rumoured to be developing a fully integrated TV, while Google already sells its own Google TV box. For consumers, however, the choices can be overwhelming, especially  just months after the country's 26m television households had to retune their sets from analogue to digital, a process that started in Cumbria over four years ago and reached London in April. Digit Al during the digital switch over in Whitehaven. The Cumbrian town was the first in the UK to to switched off from the analogue transmitter. The Olympics has also seen a big increase in the number of people watching TV online. However, the report also warned that broadband would need to be improved in rural areas. 'If broadcast services move to be delivered via the internet,' said committee chair Lord Inglewood, 'then key moments in national life such as the Olympics could be inaccessible to communities lacking a better communications infrastructure.' Services such as YouView require a connection of at least 3 megabits per second. With an estimated 14% of UK homes . unable to get even 2Mbps, according to telecoms watchdog Ofcom, large . swathes of the population could be left out of the next phase of the TV . revolution. Government targets promise only that everyone will be able to get 2Mbps by 2015, with 90% getting 24Mbps. Ed Vaizey defended the government's plans to improve speed. 'We have set ourselves a target that 90% of the country will have superfast broadband by 2015,' he told the Today programme.'We spend more money and more time online and have a big marketplace between BT and Virgin covering two thirds of the country. 'Government intervention is needed to reach the rest. 50million will support this. 'We don't just want high speeds but a competitive market and Europe look to us as leaders in this.'
highlights: Plan could see internet only TV service across the UK . Report warns broadband speeds in rural areas will need to be improved before the move .
id: f4736059a1537588fd76b7116b720130889c168f
chatgpt: A new plan has been proposed that could see the introduction of an internet-only TV service across the UK. However, a report warns that broadband speeds in rural areas will need to be improved before this move can be made. The plan, which is being backed by a number of major broadcasters, aims to offer customers an internet-only package, which would mean that they wouldn't need to pay for a TV license. This move could also see customers being able to access a wider range of content, including live broadcasts, catch-up TV, and on-demand services. However, the report warns that broadband speeds in rural areas may need to be improved before this can be achieved. While urban areas generally have access to high-speed, fiber-optic broadband, many rural communities still rely on slower ADSL connections. In some cases, these connections may not be capable of supporting the demands of streaming TV services. Despite this obstacle, the plan has been met with excitement by many within the broadcasting industry. It's hoped that by offering an internet-only TV service, broadcasters will be able to reach a wider audience and increase their revenue streams. One potential benefit of the plan is that it could address the issue of younger viewers shunning traditional TV channels in favor of online content. With an internet-only TV service, broadcasters would be able to offer a more tailored service that better reflects the viewing habits of this demographic. While the potential benefits are clear, the report warns that there are still logistical challenges that need to be addressed. For example, the availability of high-speed broadband in rural areas is not consistent across the UK. There is also the issue of balancing the needs of broadcasters with the needs of consumers. As such, the plan is still in its early stages, and there are likely to be many discussions and debates before any concrete steps are taken. However, the fact that such a plan is being seriously considered at all is a clear indication of the changing landscape of the broadcasting industry. At present, it's unclear if the introduction of an internet-only TV service would have any effect on the cost of a TV license. However, it's possible that the plan could result in a reduction in the cost of a license, as customers would no longer need to pay for access to traditional TV channels. Regardless of the outcome, the introduction of an internet-only TV service would represent a major shift in the way that TV is consumed in the UK. It remains to be seen whether this shift will be met with enthusiasm from consumers, or if it will be seen as a step too far in the digital revolution.