article: (CNN) -- The top dogs ruled the world's most famous hot dog eating contest, once again. Nathan's Famous Hot Dog Eating Contest is always a big event, drawing thousands to Brooklyn's Coney Island to cheer on some of the world's most accomplished competitive eaters. But this year's edition proved extra special for historical, dramatic and sentimental reasons. Making history was Joey "Jaws" Chestnut. The San Jose, California, resident was no stranger to the Coney Island contest before he won his seventh hot dog-eating title Thursday. That's cumulative and consecutive, as he's won each of these events since 2007. But it's how he did it this time -- topping his own record by gobbling 69 frankfurters and buns in 10 minutes -- that proved one for the record books. His 69 downed dogs is the most by anyone since the competition began in 1916, and one ahead of the 68 mark he'd set last July 4 as well as in 2009. "Sixty-nine is the magic number," Chestnut told ESPN, which broadcast the event. "Came out here, the crowd pushed me, they would not let me slow down. And it's awesome" While there was no doubt Chestnut would win after he pulled away to top his nearest foe by 19 hot dogs, the same couldn't be said for the women's event. Every bite counted as Sonya "The Black Widow" Thomas and Juliet Lee dueled down to the wire. When the clock ran out, the scoreboard had it as a tie -- 36 hot dogs apiece. But the judges tipped the scales in Thomas' favor, ruling that the Alexandria, Virginia, resident had gorged on 36ยพ hot dogs. That was ยพ more than Lee, enough to give Thomas her third title despite the fact her final tally was far below the 45 hot dogs she put away last Independence Day. Still, Thomas and Chestnut's championships were significant as much for where they took place, as for what they did. Parts of Coney Island, on Brooklyn's southern coast some 12 miles south of Lower Manhattan, were ravaged eight months ago when Superstorm Sandy rolled through. Scores of businesses and backdrops that tens of thousands associate with summer fun suffered major damage there and in other places, like the Jersey Shore. Yet the hum of amusement park rides and the buzz of the throngs packing to cheer on Chestnut, Thomas and others on Thursday is proof that, for one day at least, Coney Island is back.
highlights: Joey Chestnut wins 7th Nathan's Hot Dog Eating Contest in Coney Island . His 69 hot dogs and buns consumed breaks the event's previous record . Sonya Thomas ekes out another win in the women's competition . The event was a celebration of Coney Island, which was hit hard by Superstorm Sandy .
id: 9c2e4d2f6085ef9f237e6fe1baf83000a264cf93
chatgpt: Joey Chestnut has dominated the Nathan's Hot Dog Eating Contest once again, clinching his seventh victory in the annual competition held in Coney Island. The champion impressed spectators and judges alike by consuming a staggering 69 hot dogs and buns in just 10 minutes, breaking the previous record with a comfortable lead. Chestnut is a veteran in the contest, having first won the title back in 2007. He has since commanded the hot dog eating scene, with a total of 13 major eating titles under his belt. He has also set numerous world records in eating competitions, making him one of the greatest competitive eaters of all time. But Chestnut was not the only winner in Coney Island. In the women's competition, Sonya Thomas once again emerged victorious, albeit by a much narrower margin than her male counterpart. She managed to consume 36 and three-quarters hot dogs and buns, beating her closest rival by just one hot dog. The Nathan's Hot Dog Eating Contest has been a staple of American culture for over a century. What started as a humble promotional event for Nathan's Famous hot dogs in 1916 has turned into a national phenomenon, where top eaters compete in front of thousands of spectators and a live TV audience. This year's competition was particularly special, as it served as a celebration of Coney Island, an iconic neighborhood in Brooklyn that was hit hard by Superstorm Sandy in 2012. The organizers of the event made sure to acknowledge the resilience of the community, which has bounced back from the devastation and continues to thrive. The competitors were also keen to show their support for the neighborhood. Chestnut, for instance, donated $10,000 to the Coney Island Parachute Jump, a landmark structure that was restored after being damaged by the storm. The Nathan's Hot Dog Eating Contest may be a lighthearted event, but it also serves as a reminder of the cultural traditions and local communities that make America such a vibrant and diverse place. Through their impressive feats of eating, Chestnut, Thomas, and the other competitors paid tribute to the enduring spirit of Coney Island and the people who call it home.