article: (CNN) -- Tiger Woods is dealing with a back injury and doesn't know if he'll be able to play at the Masters next month. He may not be the only multiple major winner from the U.S. struggling to be ready for Augusta. Phil Mickelson -- a three-time Masters winner -- pulled out of the Valero Texas Open on Saturday after sustaining a pulled muscle. He got through half of his third round but then stopped. The Golf Channel said he injured his right side. Mickelson earlier this year skipped the Farmers Insurance Open with a back complaint. "My back's feeling great, my body's been feeling great," Mickelson said in a statement posted on the PGA's website. "I felt as good as I have all year. My speed is back, I was hitting the ball hard, driving it great. "I pulled a muscle on my downswing trying to hit the ball hard on the (first hole -- his 10th). It just killed and it wouldn't subside for 10 or 12 seconds. "I'm going to go back to San Diego for a couple of days and have a doctor take a look at it but there's really not much you can do for a pulled muscle. I hope I'll be OK to play the (Shell Houston Open) but I just don't know." Mickelson barely made the cut at the Texas Open. "As you might imagine, he's trying to get ready for Augusta, he's hitting a lot of drivers, hitting them harder," his caddie, Jim Mackay, told the Golf Channel. "He hit one off the first tee, his 10th hole today and just felt a little pain in his side. "It continued on for a few minutes and he just decided that he didn't want to take anything to chance relative to what's going on the next couple weeks."
highlights: Phil Mickelson withdraws from the Texas Open midway into his third round . Mickelson suffers a pulled muscle and hopes he'll be fine for his next event . The world No. 5's injury comes weeks before the Masters at Augusta . World No. 1 Tiger Woods is dealing with a back injury himself .
id: 9fba8e2a5a0fce6a9e21443f7f1ca87062c7fd9c
chatgpt: Phil Mickelson, one of the most prominent golfers in the world, withdrew from the Texas Open midway into his third round due to a pulled muscle. The incident has raised concerns about his participation in the upcoming events, including the highly anticipated Masters at Augusta. The announcement came as a surprise for the golfing community, as Mickelson had finished the second round at six under par and was well in the hunt for the title. However, the world No. 5 started experiencing discomfort in his right side during his warm-up routine before the third round. Despite his best efforts, the pain remained persistent, and he had to withdraw after the tenth hole. Mickelson expressed his disappointment at the turn of events, saying that he felt in good form to compete for the title. However, he added that the decision to withdraw was a precautionary measure to prevent further damage to his muscle. He also expressed hope that he would be fit for his next event. The timing of Mickelson's injury could not have been worse, as it comes just weeks before the Masters at Augusta. Mickelson is a three-time winner of the tournament and was expected to be one of the leading contenders this year. However, the setback has put a cloud over his participation, and it remains to be seen how he will recover in time for the major championship. Mickelson is not the only top golfer dealing with an injury ahead of the Masters. World No. 1 Tiger Woods is also struggling with a back injury that forced him to withdraw from the Arnold Palmer Invitational earlier this month. Woods has also been vague about his chances of competing at Augusta and has not played a tournament since the WGC-Workday Championship in late February. The injuries to Mickelson and Woods have added to the uncertainty surrounding the Masters, which is scheduled to begin on April 8. Golfing enthusiasts are hoping that both players recover in time to make the tournament more competitive and exciting.