article: (CNN) -- At least six people have died and several others are missing after rains triggered severe flooding in northern Italy, state-run news agency ANSA reported. Heavy rains continued to fall Thursday night in Milan and other spots across the southern European nation, according to the Servizio Meteorologico, Italy's official weather agency. That includes an alert from the agency about intense, widespread rainfall -- potentially with strong wind gusts and hail -- in the regions of Calabria and Basilicata, as well as the eastern part of Sicily. Meanwhile, Monterosso al Mare -- between Genoa and Pisa on Italy's northwest coast, in the Cinque Terre region of Liguria -- has been "isolated, accessible only by sea" because of earlier rains and floods, Mayor Angelo Betta told ANSA. So, too, is the nearby town of Vernazza, with even bulldozers and cranes still not able to reach it. That said, Betta reported some progress Thursday thanks to round-the-clock efforts by emergency workers and volunteers to clean up the town. One volunteer in that community died in the flood Wednesday. "The situation is much better compared to yesterday," Betta said. Italy's defense ministry noted Thursday on its website that 348 military personnel have deployed to the provinces of Massa Carrara and La Spezia to assist in the wake of flooding here. Three people were killed after a house collapsed in La Spezia, the news agency stated. ANSA also reported that prosecutors have opened a manslaughter investigation related to the deaths of two people from flood-related injuries in Aulla. Authorities are assessing whether their deaths had anything to do with faulty work that may have caused the Magra River to overflow. The weather has also caused major travel headaches throughout the region. A mudslide that trapped a truck driver, who was eventually freed, has caused the A12 highway in Liguria to be blocked since Tuesday. Train service in Liguria has been halted, too, due to mud and debris on the tracks. CNN's Marilia Brochetto contributed to this report.
highlights: NEW: 348 Italian military personnel are dispatched to help in flood-ravaged areas . State-run news reports flooding-related deaths in 3 Italian locales . Monterosso al Mare is "isolated, accessible only by sea," its mayor says . The storms have caused transportation problems across Liguria .
id: 4fbb3f10d3501d3991c75027a8053fb99ed69cc0
chatgpt: In response to the recent floods that have ravaged several areas of Italy, the government has dispatched 348 military personnel to provide much-needed assistance. The state-run news reports that the floods have resulted in deaths in at least three different Italian locales, including Monterosso al Mare. Monterosso al Mare, which is known for its stunning landscapes and historic architecture, has been particularly hard hit by the floods. Its mayor has described the town as "isolated, accessible only by sea," as the transportation infrastructure has been completely destroyed. The storms have caused transportation problems across Liguria, with many roads and bridges either damaged or completely washed away by the floods. This has resulted in massive delays and disruptions for both residents and visitors alike. According to officials, the situation in some of the affected areas is still quite dire. Rescue efforts are underway to evacuate those who have been stranded or trapped by the flooding. The military personnel dispatched to the region will assist in these ongoing rescue efforts, in addition to providing other types of support. The Italian government has vowed to do everything in its power to provide relief and support to those affected by the flooding. Prime Minister Mario Draghi has stated that the government will provide all necessary resources to ensure that the affected areas can be rebuilt and that residents can return to their normal lives as soon as possible. Despite the devastation caused by the flooding, however, there have been some heartwarming stories of resilience and strength from the affected communities. Images have surfaced of volunteers and residents banding together to help each other out and to rebuild what has been lost. As the situation continues to unfold, the government and the people of Italy stand together in their commitment to rebuilding and restoring the devastated areas. While the road ahead may be long and difficult, there is no doubt that the strength and resilience of the Italian people will shine through, and that they will emerge from this crisis stronger than ever.