article: Hong Kong (CNN) -- China is planning to ban shark fin soup from being served at official banquets, in a sign the country may be losing its taste for the expensive delicacy. According to Chinese media, the Government Office Administration of the State Council said the ban could take up to three years to implement and would help cut the cost of sometimes lavish banquets held for state functions. The move followed a proposal made during the National People's Congress in March this year. Bertha Lo of the campaign group Hong Kong Shark Foundation said the move could potentially reduce the amount of sharks killed given that China is the biggest consumer of shark fin products. "I think it will have an impact," she said. "The government in China is powerful and if it takes the lead on this issue, I don't see why others shouldn't follow suit." Between 26 million and 73 million sharks are estimated to be killed each year, according to a 2006 academic study quoted on the website of Lo's group. Their carcasses are usually discarded and campaigners say the practice is wasteful and cruel. The World Wildlife Fund says that 181 species of shark are under threat, up from 15 in 1996. Shark's fin soup is widely served in restaurants in Chinese communities worldwide and is a dish often served at weddings to mark the importance of the occasion and impress the couple's extended families and friends. But the custom has become less popular among a younger generation of diners, who are more environmentally conscious, says Lo. Last year, the operator of the high-end Peninsula hotel chain said it would remove shark fin products from its menus and Shangri-la Hotels made a similar move this year. Shark fins off the menu at top hotel . In Beijing, the five-star Swissotel has also stopped serving shark fin, according to the China Daily. Outside Asia, legislation banning shark fin has been introduced in five U.S. states including California, which this month also banned the French duck liver delicacy foie gras on the grounds of cruelty. In China, the campaign against shark fin products has gained steam following pledges by celebrities, such as former NBA star Yao Ming, not to eat the delicacy.
highlights: China plans ban on shark fin being served at official banquets . The ban could take up to three years to implement . Move follows proposal made at National People's Congress in March . Around 73 million sharks killed for their fins each year .
id: 26cceefe41e1d203b0314175a40f5242c206f795
chatgpt: China, one of the largest consumers of shark fin soup, is planning to ban the dish from official banquets. While the ban could take up to three years to implement, it marks a significant step towards protecting shark populations. The move follows a proposal made at the National People's Congress in March, which sought to prohibit the consumption of shark fin soup at all official events. The proposal garnered widespread support, with many arguing that the dish is no longer necessary or culturally relevant. Shark fin soup is considered a delicacy in China, and it can fetch prices of up to $100 per bowl in high-end restaurants. However, it is also responsible for the deaths of around 73 million sharks each year, a number that has contributed to the decline of many species. Sharks are apex predators and play a crucial role in marine ecosystems. Their disappearance can have far-reaching impacts on the health of oceans and the livelihoods of those who depend on them. The ban on shark fin soup in official banquets is just one of many measures China is taking to address concerns about overfishing and unsustainable practices. The country has also implemented restrictions on the fishing and trade of many species, as well as a moratorium on the import and export of ivory. While some argue that such measures are not enough, they represent a clear shift in China's approach to conservation. The country has historically been a major contributor to environmental problems, but it is now taking steps to address these issues and lead the way in sustainable development. The ban on shark fin soup at official banquets is likely to have a ripple effect throughout the country's restaurant industry. It may also encourage other countries to follow suit and take steps to protect shark populations. Critics of the ban argue that it could harm the catering industry and that there are other factors contributing to the decline of shark populations, such as bycatch and habitat loss. However, supporters of the measure say that any action to reduce demand for shark fin soup is a step in the right direction. The ban on shark fin soup at official banquets is a positive development, but much more needs to be done to protect sharks and other marine species. It is hoped that China's leadership on this issue will inspire other countries to take similarly bold action and work towards a more sustainable future.