article: (CNN) -- A major winter storm bore down on the Great Plains on Wednesday night with the Minneapolis, Minnesota, area "right in the teeth" of it, CNN meteorologist Chad Myers said. "There's potential for the northwest part of the city to see an almost record-breaking snow event," Myers said. The rest of the city could see about a foot of snow, he said. Winds could gusts 40 to 50 miles per hour, creating blizzard-like conditions for hours, he said. The National Weather Service issued a winter storm warning for central and southern Minnesota and portions of west-central Wisconsin starting Wednesday night through Christmas. "Strong north winds will develop, causing widespread blowing and heavy drifting snow," the Weather Service said. Visibility will be near zero at times. The inclement weather is the second major storm system to hit the United States in a week. Last week, a nor'easter blanketed a swath of the East Coast in snow, forcing the cancellation of hundreds of flights over the weekend. The Weather Service said Wednesday heavy snow will hit central South Dakota. "Gusty northwest winds" are expected with and "frigid wind chill readings" across the plains of western South Dakota. In Chicago, Illinois, a mix of rain, ice and snow caused Southwest Airlines to cancel departures for much of Wednesday afternoon before resuming take-offs, according to CNN affiliate WLS-TV in Chicago. "Well, I'm disappointed," stranded traveler Araceli Martinez told WLS. "Pretty sad we're going to have to sleep here." The airline stopped its planes from flying from 1 to 4 p.m. before getting back on schedule, according to WLS. Holiday travelers in the Denver, Colorado, area, left earlier than they planned because of the threat of inclement weather, according to CNN affiliate 7NEWS in Denver. "We thought maybe we would go tomorrow, but we decided tonight was probably going to be better weather than tomorrow or tomorrow night," Scott Aldridge, who was traveling from Greeley to Meeker on Tuesday night to spend Christmas with relatives, told 7NEWS. In Texas, a tornado watch was in effect for all of East Texas late Wednesday, according to CNN affiliate KLTV in Tyler, Texas. Kevin Brownlee, public information officer for the Longview, Texas Police Department, said a tornado touched down south of Highway 80. "We've got several businesses there that have sustained major building damage," he said, including FedEx and Maid-Rite. Although no injuries were reported, Brownlee said, the tornado caused "high wind damage, some water damage." The weather caused several road closures because debris and downed power lines, Brownlee said. In addition to isolated tornadoes, scattered thunderstorms were expected to continue throughout the evening with the possibility of large hail stones and wind gusts, KLTV said.
highlights: NEW: Tornado rips through Longview, Texas, downing power lines . CNN's Chad Myers says parts of Minneapolis could see "an almost record-breaking snow event" Heavy snow, "gusty northwest winds" to hit parts of South Dakota . Chicago, Illinois, and Denver, Colorado, also scramble because of weather threat .
id: c97d7f9246c3b5c702c7667c4f44e3b70a919d56
chatgpt: Residents of Longview, Texas are cleaning up the aftermath of a tornado that ripped through the area on Tuesday, downing power lines and causing structural damage. Fortunately, there have been no fatalities. The National Weather Service issued a warning about the tornado around 6:30 p.m. local time. Witnesses reported seeing the tornado touch down near the Pine Tree area of Longview. Numerous homes and businesses were damaged by the tornado, and several power lines were knocked down. At one point, over 10,000 customers were without power in the city and surrounding areas. Emergency crews rushed to the scene to assess the damage and aid residents in need. The Longview Fire Department deployed several teams to search for anyone who may have been trapped in the debris. Local officials have urged residents to stay indoors and avoid affected areas until the damage can be properly assessed and cleared. "We encourage everyone to stay aware of the weather and seek shelter if necessary," said Longview Mayor Andy Mack. "We're grateful to our first responders for their swift and heroic efforts to help our community during this challenging time." Meanwhile, in Minneapolis, Minnesota, residents are bracing for a major snowstorm. CNN meteorologist Chad Myers warned that parts of the city could see "an almost record-breaking snow event." The storm, which is expected to hit on Wednesday, will also bring "gusty northwest winds" to parts of South Dakota. Chicago, Illinois, and Denver, Colorado are also scrambling to prepare for the weather threat. The National Weather Service has issued winter storm warnings and advisories across several states in the Midwest and Rocky Mountain regions. The warnings urge residents to stay indoors and avoid unnecessary travel during the storm. "We're urging everyone to take precautions and stay safe," said a spokesperson for the National Weather Service. "Blowing snow and icy roads can make travel treacherous, so please stay home if you can." As the storm approaches, residents have been seen stocking up on essentials like food, water, and emergency supplies. Some businesses have already announced closures ahead of the storm. As residents in Longview, Minneapolis, and other affected areas deal with the aftermath of severe weather, officials are asking everyone to stay vigilant and prepared for whatever Mother Nature may bring next.