article: (CNN) -- A Florida woman allegedly shot her daughter to death Monday night because she thought the person knocking on her door was the boyfriend she had just fought, police said Tuesday. Witnesses told police they heard a gunshot and saw Adele Bing cradling Ruby Bing, 25, in her arms crying "Baby girl, don't die." "How could I look my grandkids in their face and say I killed their mother?" Bing, 52, told the officers who arrested her. "Y'all can lock me away for good." Bing is jailed on a charge of second degree murder in the death of her only daughter, according to Winter Haven, Florida, police. The mother also faces a charge of child abuse without great bodily harm because her daughter was holding her 4-month-old baby -- the shooting suspect's granddaughter -- in her arms when the shot was fired. The elder Bing, who was "still upset" about a "heated argument" with boyfriend James Lane earlier in the day, had "a baseball bat in her left hand and a .22-caliber pistol in her right hand" when she opened her door at 8:47 p.m. Monday, police said. She told police it was "a f--ked up accident" because she thought it was Lane, 39, who was "banging and kicking on her front door," according to the police report obtained by CNN. "As she opened the door, a shot was fired, hitting her daughter in the upper chest," the police release said. "The 4 month-old was not injured. Ruby Bing died at the scene." She told police that she "intended to use the firearm to kill her boyfriend, because he stated he was going to come back and kill her," the police report said. Lane was still at a Winter Haven hospital being treated for a head injury suffered when Bing hit him with a gun, a police statement said. Police officers were at the emergency room interviewing Lane when the call came in about a shooting at the Bing residence. Bing is being held in the Polk County, Florida, jail. Colorado teen shot and killed in prank gone wrong . CNN's Kim Segal contributed to this report.
highlights: Witnesses: Adele Bing cradled her bleeding daughter and cried, "Baby girl, don't die" The woman says she mistook her daughter for the boyfriend she had fought . Bing's daughter was holding an infant when she was fatally shot in the chest . Bing is charged with 2nd degree murder and child abuse .
id: 31d2b17ea32afc5aaf4448f175c97dbe73675d66
chatgpt: Adele Bing, a distraught mother, is facing charges of second-degree murder and child abuse after her daughter was shot and killed while holding her infant granddaughter. Witnesses reported seeing Bing cradling her bleeding daughter and pleading for her not to die. According to sources, Bing had been involved in a fight with her boyfriend when she mistook her daughter for him and shot her in the chest. The victim was holding her infant daughter at the time, who miraculously survived the incident unharmed. Emergency services were called to the scene and transported the victim to a local hospital, where she was pronounced dead on arrival. The infant was unharmed and taken into protective custody. Family members and friends of the victim are struggling to come to terms with the tragic incident. Many remember her as a devoted mother who always put her children first. Her daughter's unexpected death has left them in shock and disbelief. Bing has been arrested and is currently being held in custody. A spokesperson for the police department announced that the investigation is ongoing and that they are interviewing witnesses and collecting evidence to build a case against the accused. This tragic incident is a reminder of the importance of gun safety, especially in households where there are children present. It is also a reminder of the devastating effects of domestic violence and how it can escalate into deadly situations. In the meantime, the family of the victim is left to mourn their loss and to try and make sense of the senseless tragedy. The infant daughter, who will grow up never knowing her mother, will need all the love and support she can get in the years to come.