article: A dog which was found wandering the streets has spent five months at a rescue home because he he can't  wag his tail at prospective adopters. Gizmo the brown Staffordshire bull terrier has been at Battersea Dogs and Cats Home since he was found in North London in July. But staff say he is scared of traffic, of the dark and even rain and has spent every day since he was rescued in his kennel waiting for someone to choose him. Gizmo the brown Staffordshire bull terrier has spent five months at Battersea Dogs and Cats Home after he was found in North London in July . Staff say he is scared of traffic, of the dark and even rain and has since spent every day in his kennel waiting for someone to choose him . Now they fear the lonely pup will never find a home because he is too scared to greet visitors. Ceiri O'Douglas, a spokeswoman for the dog home in Battersea, south west London, said: 'The problem is he doesn't sell himself very well. He just won't wag his tail at people when they visit. 'Most dogs will jump up and say hello but Gizmo doesn't - he's too shy.' Rehoming assistant Sarah Parkinson quickly fell in love with the six-year-old stray and takes him home every night. But as soon as she brings Gizmo back and he sees his kennel, he begins to cry. Now staff fear the lonely dog will never find a home because he is too scared to greet visitors . Sarah said: 'Gizmo is an incredibly loving and affectionate dog but he's a total softie so kennels are proving really hard for him. 'He's frightened of traffic, of the dark and even rain - he screws up his face and tries to hide from it. 'It breaks my heart hearing him cry when I put him in his kennel for the day. 'It would be the best present ever for Gizmo to find a new home before Christmas.'
highlights: Gizmo has spent five months at Battersea Dogs and Cats Home . Staffordshire bull terrier is 'too shy to wag his tail and greet people' Staff say he's frightened of traffic, of the dark and even the rain .
id: 74b5a505a6123704dc4dbb66c9c833571e02a92e
chatgpt: Staffordshire bull terrier Gizmo has been at Battersea Dogs and Cats Home for five long months now. Unfortunately, the friendly pup has proven to be too shy to wag his tail, making it difficult for him to attract potential adopters. According to Battersea’s staff, Gizmo is frightened by many things, including traffic, the dark, and even the rain. All of these fears keep Gizmo from being the happy and outgoing dog that he should be. Despite his timid demeanor, Gizmo is a sweet and loving pet. He enjoys going for walks and cuddling up with staff members at the shelter. However, his shyness has kept him from finding a forever home. The caregivers at Battersea are doing their best to help Gizmo overcome his fears. They’ve been working with him to build confidence and trust, slowly but surely. They’re optimistic that with time, Gizmo will start to come out of his shell and become the happy dog they know he can be. Gizmo is just one of many dogs at Battersea who are waiting patiently for forever homes. In fact, the shelter is currently home to over 400 dogs, many of whom have been waiting for months, if not years, to find a family to call their own. Battersea Dogs and Cats Home is a national treasure that has been saving the lives of lost and abandoned animals for over 160 years. The shelter receives no government funding and relies solely on the generosity of the public to keep its doors open. As Gizmo waits for his forever family, the caregivers at Battersea will continue to give him the love and support he needs to build his confidence. With time and patience, they’re hopeful that this sweet pup will be able to overcome his fears and find the loving home he deserves.