article: (CNN) -- The tanks of a U.S. Navy warship stuck on a Philippine reef have been pumped full of seawater to keep the vessel stable while salvage ships make their way to the site of the grounding, officials said Monday. Navy-led salvage teams have also removed most of the materials from the minesweeper USS Guardian that could pose environmental problems for Tubbataha Reef, a Philippine national park and UNESCO World Heritage Site. Those materials include paint, solvents and lubricants, according to a statement from the U.S. Embassy in Manila. "We continue to place extra scrutiny on removing everything we can to mitigate possible damage to the marine environment," U.S. Navy Rear Adm. Tom Carney, the on-scene commander of the salvage operation, said in a statement. All of the 15,000 gallons of diesel fuel aboard the 224-foot-long, 1,312-ton ship were removed Friday, the Navy said. "An equivalent amount of seawater was pumped on her fuel tanks," Philippine Coast Guard spokesman Lt. Cmdr. Armand Balilo told the official Philippine News Agency. Dry food stores and the personal effects of the Guardian's crew of 79 have also been removed, the Navy statement said. The seawater pumped aboard the Guardian should keep it stable until salvage ships with heavy cranes arrive this week to begin the process of lifting the minesweeper off the reef, Balilo said. Salvage experts have also begun to reinforce the wood-and-fiberglass hull of the minesweeper with Kevlar lines to mitigate stresses from waves hitting the vessel, the U.S. Embassy said. The $61 million vessel was on its way from Subic Bay, Philippines, to its next port call in Indonesia when it struck the reef, about 80 miles (130 kilometers) east-southeast of Palawan Island in the Sulu Sea, on January 17. Initial efforts to free the Avenger-class mine countermeasures ship at high tide were unsuccessful. Its crew was evacuated to other vessels, and the ship was battered by waves that pushed it farther onto the reef. An investigation is under way to determine the cause of the grounding. A Navy spokesman, Lt. Cmdr. James Stockman, said last week that the U.S. National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency, which prepares the digital navigation charts used by the Navy, has reported the location of the reef was misplaced on a chart by nine miles. The Tubbataha Reef is home to a vast array of sea, air and land creatures, as well as sizable lagoons and two coral islands. About 500 species of fish and 350 species of coral can be found there, as can whales, dolphins, sharks, turtles and breeding seabirds, according to UNESCO. Philippine officials said this week that the Philippines would seek compensation for damage to the reef. About 1,000 square meters (about 10,760 square feet) of the reef have been damaged.
highlights: Materials that could endanger Tubbataha reef have been removed from the USS Guardian . Salvage ships with heavy cranes are expected to arrive this week . The minesweeper ran aground on the reef on January 17 .
id: 573ac5918666bf24179d11c89daf532ad51b425d
chatgpt: The USS Guardian, a US Navy minesweeper that ran aground on the pristine Tubbataha reef on January 17, has finally been cleared of any materials that could endanger the delicate ecosystem. A reliable source revealed that the necessary materials have been removed from the site, thus minimizing the chances of disturbing the intricate underwater balance of the reef.  The Tubbataha Reef in Palawan, Philippines, is a UNESCO World Heritage Site that's home to endangered marine species like the green sea turtle, the hawksbill turtle, and the whale shark. It covers over 97,000 hectares of marine wilderness, and it's regarded as one of the best dive spots in the world. Hence, the grounding of the USS Guardian caused a stir among environmentalists and marine conservationists globally. According to the Philippine Coast Guard, salvage ships with heavy cranes are expected to arrive at the reef this week to start the tedious process of removing the grounded vessel from the site. The task is expected to be challenging due to the site's remoteness and the erratic weather conditions, but experts are confident that everything will be done to protect the fragile coral reefs and protect the marine life that calls it home. Environmental campaigners have called on the US Navy to be held accountable for the damage caused by the grounding of the USS Guardian, and they have demanded that the navy implement better safeguards to prevent similar accidents in the future. The US Navy has apologized for the incident and stated that they would work closely with the Philippine government to mitigate the impact of the accident. The grounding of the USS Guardian has exposed the fragile nature of the Tubbataha reef and the urgent need to protect it from hazardous activities. Marine conservationists have warned that unless more efforts are made to protect marine biodiversity, the world's oceans could be depleted of vital resources, which could have far-reaching consequences for the global ecosystem. The incident has also raised questions about the role of the US Navy in protecting the world's oceans and marine ecosystems. Some critics argue that the US Navy should take more responsibility for protecting the marine environment, especially in ecologically sensitive areas like the Tubbataha reef. In conclusion, the removal of hazardous materials from the grounded USS Guardian is a significant milestone in the effort to protect the Tubbataha reef from further damage. Salvage ships with heavy cranes are expected to arrive this week to start the challenging process of removing the grounded vessel from the site. Experts are confident that everything possible will be done to protect the fragile coral reefs and marine life that call the reef home. The incident has also highlighted the urgent need for more efforts to protect marine biodiversity globally and the role of the US Navy in safeguarding the world's oceans and marine ecosystems.