article: (CNN) -- There was a major shock on the second day of the Royal Ascot meeting when Irish horse So You Think, rated as one of the bankers of the week, was turned over in the feature Group One Prince of Wales's Stakes. Tuesday's opening day of England's premier Flat racing fixture saw the top three-year-old, Frankel, justify his odds-on favoritsm with an impresive win in the St James's Palace Stakes -- and So You Think was expected to follow suit at odds of 4-11. However, the five-year-old, hyped up by his usually reserved trainer Aidan O'Brien as one of the best horses he has ever trained, was caught on the line at the end of the 1.25 mile contest by 17-2 chance Rewilding, given a superb driving ride by charismatic Italian jockey Frankie Dettori. Royal Ascot: 300 years of horses, hats and high society . Dettori told reporters: "I have to say the second never gave up. It was a tremendous gallop between two great horses -- and when I got past him it was sheer joy." Meanwhile, O'Brien believed he had made a mistake in his horse's preparation, saying: "I will take responsibility for this defeat personally. "After he won his first two races so easily I had gone easy on him. I think it was a trainer error," he added. "I didn't have him fit enough for this kind of race and he's given a good blow afterwards. I would think there's improvement to come." Wednesday proved a disastrous day for the punters, with bookmakers coming out on top. Not one winning favorite triumphed, with two 11-1 shots and two 12-1 chances coming out on top. Irish jockey Richard Hughes collecting the riding honors on the day, taking the opening Jersey Stakes on Strong Suit (11-1) before booting home Best Terms to win the Queen Mary Stakes at 12-1.
highlights: Irish horse So You Think suffers a shock defeat on second day of Royal Ascot . The 4-11 chance is caught on the line in Prince of Wales's Stakes by Rewilding . The first day of Royal Ascot saw English wonder-horse Frankel claim victory .
id: e2005df6a7dbe73170ebd6ea5112af9f2d34de0f
chatgpt: Irish horse So You Think suffered a major upset on the second day of Royal Ascot, losing to Rewilding in a thrilling race. The 4-11 favorite looked set to win the Prince of Wales's Stakes after leading for much of the race, but was caught on the line by the John Gosden-trained Rewilding. So You Think, ridden by jockey Ryan Moore, had been widely tipped to win the race and was expected to continue his excellent form after a successful run in the Tattersalls Gold Cup at the Curragh earlier this month. However, Rewilding managed to edge out the Irish thoroughbred in a photo finish, winning by a short head. The defeat was unexpected for So You Think, who had previously won nine Group One races and was regarded as one of the best horses of his generation. It was also a disappointing result for his trainer, the legendary Aidan O'Brien, who had hoped to claim his fifth Prince of Wales's Stakes victory. Despite the loss, O'Brien remained magnanimous in defeat, praising Rewilding and his team for their performance. "That's racing," he said. "Rewilding is a great horse and he ran a great race. We'll regroup and come back stronger next time." The first day of Royal Ascot had been dominated by English wonder-horse Frankel, who claimed a stunning victory in the Queen Anne Stakes. The unbeaten colt, widely regarded as one of the greatest horses ever to race in the UK, won by 11 lengths under jockey Tom Queally. The win was a fitting tribute to legendary trainer Sir Henry Cecil, who had recently passed away and had guided Frankel to all of his previous 12 victories. "Henry would have been so proud," Queally said after the race. Despite Frankel's dominance on the first day, So You Think's loss on the second day proved that anything can happen in the unpredictable and thrilling world of horse racing. Fans will be eagerly anticipating the next big race to see which horse will emerge as the new favorite and claim victory.