article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 18:51 EST, 19 June 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 18:52 EST, 19 June 2012 . A special education teacher in Texas is being sued after allegations arose that she locked an autistic student in a filing cabinet, pulled another’s hair out, and called her students ‘retarded.’ Julie Gosch taught special needs students at Juan Seguin Elementary School in Fort Bend County, Texas, but was fired earlier this year after reports of her behaviour were leaked. In shocking emails obtained by the Houston Chronicle, Gosch’s alleged behaviour includes telling her students that they were all losers and telling her two aids to ‘accidentally’ hit them, as well as allowing the pupils to eat food that had fallen on the toilet. Abuse: Julie Gosch, a special needs teacher, is being sued after allegedly putting a 9-year-old girl in a filing cabinet (file photo) It was the two aides who turned Gosch, 47, in to the Fort Bend Independent School District officials in January, the Chronicle reported. Police launched an investigation into Gosch, who had never before come under scrutiny for her teaching methods. The lawsuit is filed by two families whose children were allegedly victims of Gosch’s misconduct. It also claims that the special needs students were allowed to eat food that had fallen on the floor of the bathroom, and make fun of students with disabilities. The first family claims that their non-verbal and autistic 9-year-old daughter was placed in a filing cabinet. The other alleges that their 9-year-old daughter was physically assaulted and had bits of her hair pulled out by Gosch. The parents of the girl put in the filing cabinet allege that their daughter became increasingly claustrophobic at home and would begin exposing herself, according to the Chronicle. Learning: Gosch taught special education at Juan Seguin Elementary School in Fort Bend County, Texas . The lawsuit says that the girl’s behaviours are all signs of sexual assault. The former teacher did not respond to calls made by MailOnline requesting comment. Attorney Clint McGuire is representing the two families in the lawsuit, and told the Chronicle that their primary concern is that Gosch will no longer be able to teach. He said that because of their condition, they could be easily preyed upon. He told the paper: ‘When you have kids that don’t speak for themselves, they become an easy target.’ According to state records, Gosch was certified to teach music from Kindergarten to 12th grade, as well as generic special education. The Texas website notes that she is ‘currently under review by the SBEC Professional Discipline Unit.’ It is unclear how much compensation the two families are seeking, but they are asking compensation for damages including mental anguish, physical impairment, and out-of-pocket and medical expenses.
highlights: Julie Gosch, 47, sued after being accused of putting autistic girl, 9, in filing cabinet . Also accused of calling students 'retarded' and allowing them to eat food that had fallen on toilet floor . Two teaching aides turned her in this January .
id: 6db3d0e8776e9724003b4e9960fca3712054ced7
chatgpt: A former special education teacher in Pennsylvania, Julie Gosch, is being sued after she was accused of putting a nine-year-old autistic girl in a filing cabinet. The lawsuit alleges that Gosch resorted to such extreme measures as a way of dealing with disruptive or unruly students.  According to the lawsuit, filed on behalf of the student, Gosch would allegedly taunt and call students "retarded", which is considered offensive and inappropriate language in any educational setting. Additionally, she is accused of allowing students to eat food that had fallen on the toilet floor.  The lawsuit comes following reports made by two teaching aides earlier this year. They reported the inappropriate behavior to the school principal and a subsequent investigation took place. Gosch was removed from her teaching duties and eventually fired from her position.  The student's mother, who wishes to remain anonymous, spoke out about the lawsuit, "My daughter was treated inhumanely by a person who was supposed to be helping her. Gosch's actions have caused my daughter to experience long-lasting effects, and it is difficult to come to terms with."  The lawsuit alleges that the student suffered both physical and emotional harm as a result of Gosch's actions. The plaintiff is seeking damages against both Gosch and the school district for their failure to protect the student from harm.  Lawyers for Gosch declined to comment on the lawsuit, although a statement released by the school district stated that they had "taken the necessary steps to investigate and address the situation". The statement also stated that the district had "zero-tolerance" for any conduct that puts the safety of students in jeopardy.  This is not the first time a lawsuit has been filed against the school district over allegations of neglect or mistreatment of students. In 2017, a similar lawsuit was filed against the district after a student with Down syndrome was allegedly left behind on a school bus. That lawsuit was later settled out of court.  The issue of mistreatment of special education students is a growing concern nationwide. In 2018, the U.S. Government Accountability Office reported that one in every four high school students with disabilities was subjected to seclusion or restraint. This alarming trend has led to calls for stronger protections for these vulnerable students.  As the lawsuit against Julie Gosch moves forward, it is hoped that it will serve as a reminder that those responsible for the welfare and education of children must always act with integrity and respect towards those under their care.