article: By . Richard Arrowsmith . Lionel Messi is hoping that his indifferent form for Barcelona this season can be turned around while playing for Argentina at the 2014 World Cup. The world's highest paid player has been criticised for not taking his club form onto the international stage in the past but predicts a reversal in fortunes this time, according to ESPN. The 26-year-old admitted to reporters at the Ezeiza airport that this has not been his best season - Barcelona lost their La Liga title to Atletico Madrid on the final day of the campaign and generally look a shadow of the side that was once rated the greatest in history. Reversal of fortune? Lionel Messi wants to turn around his club form at the World Cup with Argentina . No camp: Lionel Messi admits he's struggled this season as Barcelona lost their La Liga title to Atletico Madrid . 'I have arrived with the national team . and I am flipping the switch. Many times it was the opposite, I would go . to Barcelona and play well, this time we hope the reverse is true,' he . said . 'When I get together on the pitch with my friends (on the national team) it is going to be a different story. The four-time Ballon d'Or winner admitted the Catalan team struggled as a whole during a difficult season that also saw them eliminated from the Champions League by rivals Atletico. 'It wasn't one of my best years,' he . said. 'I would have liked to have seen a different finish, but it was a . little bit of a struggle for the entire team.' Big bucks: Lionel Messi pens a new deal to become the world's highest played footballer on £16.3m-a-year . The global superstar recently penned an improved deal at the Nou Camp, worth a reported £16.3 million-per-year, and claimed Barcelona 'is my home, but the day they no longer want me, I will go. But my home will always be Barcelona. Messi is the club's all-time leading goalscorer, having netted 354 times in 425 appearances for Barcelona. Argentina have been drawn against Bosnia, Iran and Nigeria in the group stage of the tournament in Brazil.
highlights: Lionel Messi wants to reverse club fortunes by starring for Argentina at the World Cup . The four-time Ballon d'Or winner admits having a struggling season at Barcelona . Messi recently signed a new deal to make him the world's highest paid player .
id: 40a537d49b937417252799ffe73b6a34a1687fd1
chatgpt: Lionel Messi is a man on a mission. The Barcelona superstar is keen to reverse the club's fortunes by starring for Argentina at the upcoming World Cup. The four-time Ballon d'Or winner admitted to having a struggling season with Barcelona, but is now looking forward to leading his country to glory in Russia. Messi recently signed a new deal to make him the world's highest-paid player, but he is more focused on bringing success to his club and country. He told reporters that he is looking forward to the World Cup and is excited about the prospect of representing Argentina on the world stage. Argentina has been drawn in a tough group at the World Cup, with Iceland, Croatia, and Nigeria all in the mix. However, Messi is confident that his team can progress to the knockout stages of the tournament. "We know it's not going to be easy, but we are ready for the challenge," he said. "We have a strong team and we believe that we can do well at the World Cup." Messi's performance will be crucial to Argentina's chances of success at the tournament. The diminutive playmaker is a talisman for his country and has the ability to change games with his skill and creativity. Argentina has a proud history at the World Cup, having won the tournament twice, in 1978 and 1986. However, they have not won the trophy since then and will be looking to Messi to lead them to glory. Messi's form at club level has been impressive, despite Barcelona's struggles this season. He has scored 25 goals in 28 appearances in La Liga and has been a key player for the Catalan giants in their pursuit of domestic and European glory. However, Messi is fully focused on the World Cup and is determined to help his country succeed. "I want to do well for Argentina and win the World Cup," he said. "That is my main goal for the year and I will do everything I can to achieve it." Argentina's first game at the World Cup is against Iceland on June 16. Messi and his teammates will be hoping to get off to a winning start in what promises to be an exciting and unpredictable tournament.