article: By . Tamara Cohen . PUBLISHED: . 19:10 EST, 21 July 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 05:37 EST, 22 July 2013 . Not whipped: David Cameron denied that his thoughts on Syria were influenced by his wife . David Cameron denied yesterday that his wife has influenced his policy towards intervention in Syria, as he gave his gloomiest assessment yet of efforts to end the conflict. Government figures said last week that Samantha Cameron – who visited a refugee camp in the region earlier this year – was pushing the Prime Minister to take further action there. Mr Cameron said his wife had been ‘very moved’ by her visit to Lebanon in March, where half a million Syrians have fled. But he insisted it was a ‘total urban myth’ that UK policy was affected by her experiences there on a humanitarian mission with the Save The Children charity. During her visit, Samantha Cameron met a ten-year-old girl whose mother was killed when a shell destroyed the family home, and a mother of six whose son was shot by a sniper. She said at the time: ‘No child should experience what they have. ‘With every day that passes, more children and parents are being killed, more innocent childhoods are smashed to pieces.’ The Prime Minister said Syria, which plunged into civil war more than two years ago, was ‘on a depressing trajectory’ and President Bashar Al Assad is ‘stronger than he was a few months ago’. Efforts to oust the ‘evil’ Syrian dictator appear to have reached a stalemate, he told BBC’s Andrew Marr Show. Britain has sent help to the Free Syrian Army, including communications equipment, but has not taken a decision on sending weapons amid growing fears over some of the rebels’ Al Qaeda links. Caring First Lady: Samantha Cameron pictured with Syrian refugees in Lebanon in March this year . Mr Cameron said it was right to continue to support the opposition. ‘You do have problems with part of the opposition which is extreme, that we should have nothing to do with,’ he said. ‘But that is not a reason for pulling up the drawbridge, putting our head in the sand and doing nothing’. The Prime Minister said his wife was ‘very moved by what she saw because you hear from people – and I’ve done this – you hear from people who are fleeing an appalling regime that is murdering their husbands, wives, children, wrecking their communities.’ But Mr Cameron said: ‘She does not influence my policy on this. I’ve been very passionate about this for a long time.’
highlights: Prime Minister denies his wife pushes him to take action in Syria . David Cameron  said it was right to continue to support the opposition .
id: 1a806c3c93d3bcb445825708c49f37a0b2a7ed91
chatgpt: Prime Minister David Cameron has denied accusations that his wife, Samantha Cameron, is pushing him to take action in Syria. This follows rumors circulating in the media that Samantha Cameron is using her influence to push her husband into supporting the Syrian opposition forces. Speaking to reporters at a press conference, Cameron addressed the rumors by stating that his decision to support the opposition forces is one that he has made on his own. He stated that he believes it is the right course of action and that he would continue to support the Syrian opposition in their fight against the Assad regime. The Prime Minister's decision to support the opposition forces in Syria has not come without controversy. Many have criticized the move as being too risky and potentially leading to a wider conflict in the region. However, Cameron remains confident in his decision to take action, stating that it is necessary to support those who are fighting against tyranny and oppression. He emphasized that the UK's support does not involve direct military intervention, but rather targeted aid and non-lethal equipment to the Syrian opposition. Critics of Cameron's decision argue that this aid will only prolong the conflict and cause further suffering to the Syrian people. They believe that the only way to bring an end to the conflict is through a negotiated settlement between the Syrian government and the opposition forces. Despite the criticism, Cameron remains committed to his policy of supporting the Syrian opposition. He believes that it is important for countries in the international community to stand up against human rights violations and support those fighting for their freedom and rights. Cameron's decision to stand up for the Syrian opposition has been met with mixed reactions from the international community. While countries like the United States and France have supported his decision, others like Russia have criticized it. It remains to be seen whether Cameron's decision to support the opposition will have a significant impact on the conflict in Syria. However, his determination to take action against human rights violations and support those fighting for their freedom and rights is a testament to his commitment to justice and human dignity. In conclusion, Prime Minister David Cameron's decision to support the Syrian opposition has been met with both support and criticism. However, he remains steadfast in his belief that it is the right thing to do and that the international community has a responsibility to support those fighting for their freedom and rights. His denial of influence by his wife, Samantha Cameron, shows that he is standing by his own convictions in this matter.