article: West Palm Beach mayor Jeri Muoio (pictured) has come under fire after footage emerged of her calling slow learners 'dummies' A Florida mayor has come under fire after footage emerged of her calling slow learners 'dummies'. Video footage shows West Palm Beach mayor Jeri Muoio using the term while responding to questions about grouping slower learning children together in one school. But she has already responded to criticism of the comment saying her words were taken out of context and that she would 'never disparage children.' Her use of the term emerged in an advertisement paid for by a committee of former lobbyists in Tallahassee known as Voters Response. The video shows the mayor saying: 'Your're talking about ability ability-grouping kids and putting all the dummies in one place.' It continues with the words 'Did Jeri Muoio really say that?' appearing on screen before the advertisement reruns Muoio saying 'dummies' two more times. On Tuesday, the educator of 30 years responded to the revelation by claiming that she was referring to the wider issue of whether to place slower learning children in one school or have children of all abilities learning together. According to wesh.com, her full comment was: 'We've, for years, fought against ability-grouping and that's what this would be. 'You're talking about ability grouping kids and putting all the dummies in one place. And that's not how kids learn. Kids need to be in heterogeneous groups to learn best.' Hitting back over the ad, wesh.com reports her as saying: 'I'm a mother, I'm a grandmother, I would never disparage children, ever, that's just not who I am. Scroll down for video . Mayor Muoio has already responded to criticism of the comment saying her words were taken out of context and that she would 'never disparage children' Her use of the term emerged in an advertisement paid for by a committee of former lobbyists in Tallahassee known as Voters Response . The video continues with the words 'Did Jeri Muoio really say that?' appearing on screen before the advertisement reruns Muoio saying 'dummies' two more times . 'I feel like this is a cheap trick by Tallahassee lobbyists.' Wesh.com reports that when asked whether she regretted using the term 'dummies', she said: 'You have the script there and the context. Of course, if I hadn't said it, it would be better.' The website says it has yet to hear back from Voters Response following a request for a comment.
highlights: Jeri Muoio used the term while responding to question about education . She was discussing issue of grouping slower learning pupils in one school . West Palm Beach mayor says use of term 'dummies' taken out of context . Footage released in paid ad by the Voters Response group in Tallahassee .
id: a386b9636e7d2607443cbe552282ac45338648a4
chatgpt: West Palm Beach Mayor Jeri Muoio is under fire for using the term "dummies" while responding to a question about education. Muoio was discussing the issue of grouping slower learning pupils in one school during a public meeting when she made the comments. The use of the term has since been taken out of context, according to the mayor. The incident was brought to attention after a footage was released in a paid advertisement by the Voters Response group based in Tallahassee. The ad shows a clip of Muoio using the word "dummies" and the group claims that it is a clear sign of the mayor's disregard for the education system and the students who attend these schools. The Mayor, however, released a statement on the matter. She said that the use of the term was taken out of context and that it was not intended to refer to the students. Muoio explained that she was discussing the practice of grouping slower learners in one school, which she disagreed with. According to the mayor, referring to the practice as "putting all the dummies in one school" was an example of her frustration with the system. Despite the explanation, the footage has sparked outrage among some members of the community, including parents and education advocates. State Senator Bob Smith has called on Muoio to publicly apologize for using such a derogatory term, especially in relation to the students who attend these schools. Muoio has insisted that her remarks were not intended to refer to the students and instead were meant to express her dissatisfaction with the educational system's approach to special needs students. The Mayor has stated that she will continue to work with the community and education officials to address the challenges that the school system faces. The incident has brought attention to the issue of how schools are structured to accommodate diverse learning abilities. Critics of the system argue that grouping slower learners in one school creates a negative environment and leads to stigmatization. Supporters, however, argue that the approach allows for a more tailored learning experience for students and ensures that special needs students receive the attention they require. The use of the term "dummies" by the mayor has underscored the need for a more inclusive and sensitive conversation surrounding the education system's approach to special needs students. It is hoped that this incident will spark more discussion and action on this important issue.