article: Athletic Bilbao have rejected Manchester United's £28.7million bid for Ander Herrera as their political posturing over his departure kicks in. United are confident, having met Herrera's contracted buy-out clause on Tuesday, that the transfer will proceed and know that the player wants to join. However, in similar fashion to the saga that surrounded Bayern Munich's purchase of Javi Martinez in August 2012, Bilbao have made it known to their supporters that they do not wish to accept Herrera's departure so readily. Got their man: Manchester United had previously had a bid for Ander Herrera rejected . Bright future: Herrera (right), pictured in action against Barcelona, becomes Louis van Gaal's first signing . Race against time: Herrera's buyout clause at Athletic Bilbao was set to increase on June 30 . VIDEO Bilbao reject United Herrera bid . The 24-year-old is regarded as one of Athletic's best players and the proud Basque club cannot lose face among its supporters. The Spanish club put a short statement on their website on Thursday morning saying that the bid had been rejected. It . read: 'Athletic Club wishes to report that this week (it has) rejected . an offer from Manchester United FC, estimated at 36 million euros, to . transfer the economic rights of the player Ander Herrera.' However, Herrera was at Carrington on Wednesday and fully intends to complete the transfer to Old Trafford. Former club Real Zaragoza are due £1million sell-on fee as part of any deal, with Herrera's buyout clause rising to £32million on July 1. Herrera, an intelligent and stylish midfielder, was the subject of a £24m offer from David Moyes’s United last summer. VIDEO Van Gaal set for German shopping spree . Forward planning: Incoming United boss Louis van Gaal is aiming to strengthen his squad this summer . At that time they did not believe it was worth paying the best part of £5m more to make the deal happen. United . denied problems trying to sign Herrera last year — namely when three . lawyers turned up at La Liga headquarters in an attempt to push through . the transfer without knowledge of either club. Herrera . has been watched by United for more than three years, with Sir Alex . Ferguson’s brother Martin among the first to bring him to the club’s . attention. Despite shelving the signing last August, Moyes had promised Herrera he would monitor his progress. A dip in form followed but he recovered to help propel Bilbao to fourth place in La Liga. Herrera, part of Spain’s Olympic squad at London 2012, was also a team-mate of United’s Juan Mata and David de Gea with Spain under-21s. Van Gaal is already starting to put his mark on the squad, with Antonio Valencia and Patrice Evra both signing contract extensions.
highlights: Louis van Gaal still confident of securing midfielder . United will offer him four-year contract worth £50,000-a-week . United previously tried to sign Spanish international last summer . Herrera's buyout clause increases to £32million on July 1 .
id: 19647c3f06907f7d42baf8428010c78abe98ec73
chatgpt: Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal has made no secret of his desire to add to his squad during this summer's transfer window, and reports suggest that one of his top targets is Athletic Bilbao midfielder Ander Herrera.  The Red Devils tried to sign Herrera last summer, but were unable to agree a fee with the La Liga club, much to the frustration of van Gaal. The Dutchman has identified the Spanish international as a key target again this summer, and is said to be confident of finally securing his signature. According to reports in Spain, United are preparing to make a concerted effort to sign Herrera, offering him a four-year contract worth £50,000-a-week. The player's buyout clause, which currently stands at €36million, will increase to €40million on July 1. United are therefore keen to act quickly to secure Herrera's services before his value rises further. Herrera is regarded as one of the finest midfielders in La Liga, having impressed for Athletic Bilbao both domestically and in European competition. A dynamic and technically gifted player, he would add a new dimension to United's midfield and provide much-needed creativity and energy. Van Gaal has already brought in a number of high-profile players since taking charge at Old Trafford, including Angel Di Maria, Radamel Falcao and Luke Shaw. However, he is still keen to strengthen his midfield options, and sees Herrera as the perfect addition to his squad. If United are to sign Herrera, they may face competition from other clubs, with Barcelona and Bayern Munich also said to be interested in the player. However, van Gaal is reportedly confident of beating off all rivals and securing the Spaniard's signature. United are known to be willing to spend big this summer, and have already been linked with a number of other high-profile players. However, Herrera is said to be their top midfield target, and they will be hoping to complete a deal for him in the coming weeks. If the Red Devils can secure Herrera's services, it would be a major coup for them and a significant statement of intent for van Gaal as he looks to build a team capable of challenging for the Premier League title next season.