article: (CNN) -- A Florida mother shot her four children early Tuesday morning before turning the gun on herself at her home in Port St. John, police said. A neighbor heard shots at 4:50 a.m. and then responded to a knock at the door to find three of the children, police said. The three children went to the neighbor's house to say their mother had shot them, Brevard County Sheriff's Office Lt. Tod Goodyear said, according to CNN affiliate WKMG. The mother, Tonya Thomas, 33, then called them back home, Brevard County Sheriff's Office Lt. Tod Goodyear told reporters. The mother then shot them again, killing them, Goodyear said, according to WKMG. "I'm a father and I've got kids. I cannot comprehend a person doing that to their child -- calling them back to the slaughter," Goodyear said, according to WKMG. Responding deputies arrived at the house and heard shots. They discovered Thomas' eldest daughter, Pebbles Johnson, 17, wounded in the front yard. They drove a patrol car onto the lawn in an attempt to rescue her. Johnson was rushed to a hospital but died from her wounds, Goodyear said. The other children -- Joel Johnson, 12, Jazlin Johnson, 13, and Jaxs Johnson,15 -- were all dead, as was Thomas. No suicide note was found in the home, but Goodyear said a witness told police he received a text from Thomas about 3 a.m. that said she wanted to be cremated with the children. "Unfortunately he did not see that text or read it on his phone until he woke up this morning ... well after the incident occurred," Goodyear said. The children's father does not live with the family and Goodyear said he was distraught. Goodyear said police do not have a motive. He said authorities have received previous calls from Thomas' home pertaining to domestic violence. Goodyear said he was having a hard time trying to understand how a mother could commit such a grisly act. He said she remained very calm when she called the children back to their house. "I cannot comprehend as a parent doing this to their children ... calling them back in and shooting them," he said. He said authorities have not yet determined the owner of the gun but they believe Thomas was the killer. "Everything points to it being her."
highlights: NEW: Tonya Thomas called three of her wounded children home and shot them again, killing them . In all, Thomas killed her four children before shooting herself, police say . Children's father doesn't live with the family; police say he's distraught . Authorities received calls about past incidents at the home, including a "domestic incident"
id: 488406080dec2db91c122aae1f782e0a8dc0de95
chatgpt: In a heart-wrenching incident, a mother reportedly killed her four children before turning the gun on herself in their Florida home. According to police officials, Tonya Thomas called three of her wounded children, who were at different locations, to come home before she shot them again, killing them. The fourth child was also found dead in the house.  The incident has left the community in shock and grief-stricken. Authorities have revealed that the father of the children does not live with the family and has been left devastated by the devastating tragedy.  Neighbors and officials have also reported that there were past incidents at the home, including a "domestic incident." However, the details of the incident were not disclosed. Authorities have not yet released any information regarding the motive behind the killings.  The police responded to the incident after receiving a call about a gunshot at the home. Upon reaching the scene, the authorities found the four children dead and Tonya Thomas with a self-inflicted gunshot wound. She was taken to the hospital, where she succumbed to her injuries.  Several residents in the area have expressed their shock and disbelief over the incident. "I didn't expect something like this to happen in this neighborhood," said one of the neighbors. "It's a tragedy that is hard to comprehend."  The community has come together to offer their support and condolences to the family affected by the tragedy. Several memorials have also been set up in the area to honor the memories of the children.  The authorities have launched an investigation into the incident to determine the circumstances surrounding the killings. The case has left the community in mourning, and residents are still coming to terms with the tragic loss of innocent lives.  In conclusion, the incident has left the community in shock and has brought attention to the issue of domestic violence, which remains a prevalent problem in many communities. The loss of innocent lives and the suffering caused by the incident is a reminder that more needs to be done to address this issue and ensure that families have access to the support they need.