article: By . Jason Groves . PUBLISHED: . 14:06 EST, 12 March 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 03:03 EST, 13 March 2013 . Britain is prepared to break ranks with the international community to arm Syrian rebels, David Cameron said yesterday. In an intervention that will raise fears of being sucked into another foreign war, the Prime Minister said there was ‘danger in inaction’ over a conflict that has claimed 70,000 lives. He suggested Britain would try to  persuade other European Union countries to lift an embargo on arming rebels when the current sanctions lapse in May. David Cameron suggested Britain would try to  persuade . other European Union countries to lift an embargo on arming rebels when . the current sanctions lapse in May . But he said it was ‘not out of the question we might have to do things in our own way’. This could involve vetoing an extension of the EU arms embargo so the UK could send guns and ammunition to groups fighting to overthrow dictator Bashar al-Assad. He revealed officials have drawn up emergency legislation to bring in a looser package of unilateral sanctions against Syria if the EU prohibitions lapse. Mr Cameron told the Commons liaison  committee: ‘We are still an independent country – we can have an independent foreign policy. ‘If, for instance, we felt that action needed to be taken to help bring about change in Syria, to help end this appalling bloodshed, and if we felt our European partners were holding that back, then we’d have to change the approach. But that’s not what I hope will happen.’ Richard Ottaway, Tory chairman of the Commons foreign affairs committee, warned British weapons could fall into jihadist hands in the country. He told the Prime Minister: ‘It is widely accepted that jihadists are gathering from all over the world to fight their cause in Syria. Don’t you think it would be a  mistake to start arming rebels who we don’t really know their identity and whose intentions are uncertain?’ War-torn: Smoke rises over the Salah al-Din neighbourhood in central Aleppo, Syria . Mr Cameron acknowledged the danger, but added: ‘The point I would make is – there is a danger in inaction. While the world stood by and has frankly not done enough in Syria, what has happened? As well as 70,000 people being killed, you’ve seen jihadist elements, as it were, grow.’ He added: ‘My argument is by working with the opposition, by supplying parts of the opposition and helping parts of the opposition you can at least have some influence with your partners.’ Foreign Secretary William Hague announced last week Britain will send non-lethal military equipment, including armoured cars and body armour, to rebel fighters. It followed the relaxation, at Britain’s request, of EU sanctions. The commander of the rebel Free Syrian Army, General Salim Idriss, has called for the lifting of the EU embargo.
highlights: PM signals Britain could veto extension of arms embargo in May . He tells MPs the UK 'might have to do things in our own way' Britain already sending 'non-lethal' kit to opposition forces .
id: b1e14caf3ab87ad12e2331e909dc03b340d6cb4c
chatgpt: In an address to Members of Parliament on Wednesday, Prime Minister Boris Johnson hinted that Britain could veto the extension of an arms embargo scheduled for May 2021. Johnson reminded MPs that the UK has already been providing "non-lethal" equipment to opposition forces in Syria, but the prime minister also argued that the UK might "have to do things in our own way." The current arms embargo is set to expire in May 2021 unless the EU decides to extend it. The embargo, which has been in place since 2011, prohibits the export, supply, and transfer of weapons and ammunition to Syria, as well as any support that could be used for internal repression. While Johnson's remarks did not explicitly state that the UK plans to lift the embargo, they signal a potential shift in the UK's position towards Syria. The prime minister argued that the UK must "reflect on the ways in which we need to act" and that Britain might need to "be prepared for the consequences of our own actions." Johnson also sought to reassure MPs that any decision to lift or amend the embargo would be taken after "careful consideration." However, critics have already expressed concerns over the potential implications of arms exports to Syria, which has been plagued by civil war, sectarian conflict, and a humanitarian crisis for a decade. The UK's current policy towards Syria is focused on providing humanitarian assistance and supporting opposition forces. The UK has already allocated around £3.2bn in aid to Syria since 2011 and has been providing "non-lethal" equipment to opposition forces, including communications equipment and search-and-rescue equipment. The prime minister's comments come at a time when the UK is in the process of negotiating a trade deal with the EU. The EU is likely to push for an extension of the arms embargo, given the ongoing conflict in Syria and the risk of a potential destabilizing impact of arms exports to the region. As the UK prepares to leave the EU, the government is also seeking to establish a more assertive foreign policy that aligns with domestic priorities. Johnson's suggestion that the UK might "have to do things in our own way" reflects this broader trend, as the UK seeks to position itself as a global actor that can act independently of multilateral institutions and allies. However, critics have warned that any further escalation of the conflict in Syria could have dire consequences, especially as the region is already grappling with a myriad of challenges, including the COVID-19 pandemic, economic instability, and environmental degradation. Human rights advocates have urged the UK to maintain the arms embargo and focus on providing humanitarian aid to those affected by the conflict. The prime minister's remarks will likely spark debates in Parliament and among the public over the UK's role in Syria and the potential risks and benefits of lifting the arms embargo. As the UK seeks to redefine its place in the world, it will need to navigate a host of complex issues, from trade negotiations to geopolitical rivalries, all while upholding its commitments to human rights and international law.