article: (CNN) -- The family of South Carolina lobbyist Tom Sponseller asked for the public's help Tuesday in locating the missing man. Sponseller, 61, is head of the South Carolina Hospitality Association. He was last reported seen in his Columbia office around noon on Saturday. "Anybody that has any information we'd love for them to come forward," daughter-in-law Lauren Sponseller told HLN's Ryan Smith. "We need some information from someone and we know someone has to have some type of information on this. So anything that can be helpful, please, we ask you for that," she said. According to a Facebook page set up by Sponseller's family, investigators found his car in the garage next to his office. There were no signs of a struggle or "anything else that would cause alarm," it said. Police have not yet ruled out the possibility of foul play, said Columbia police spokeswoman Jennifer Timmons. "We don't know what happened to him ... we can't assume right now," she said. Sponseller is slightly more than six feet tall, weighs 160 pounds and is balding, with gray or white hair. He typically wears glasses. According to a police report, Sponseller was involved in a car accident about a year ago, in which he blacked out prior to the crash and possibly had a seizure. His family made various attempts to reach Sponseller on his cell phone Saturday, but was not successful. He has no history of "this type of behavior," the police report read. "Tom was supposed to meet us to see my son's Pinewood Derby for Scouts that (Saturday) afternoon at 2 and he did not show up to the event. It started to really concern us at that point because it's out of his character to not show up to an event and to not let us know," said his daughter-in-law. Sponseller graduated from The Citadel and is a former officer in the U.S. Air Force, according to the Facebook page. He and his wife have three children.
highlights: NEW: Missing man man blacked out prior to a car accident about a year ago . Tom Sponseller, 61, is head of the South Carolina Hospitality Association . He was last seen on Saturday at his office . Investigators have found his car, no signs of a struggle .
id: 2bbf0c78f4671f77bbf31b892826235c1b6f87b0
chatgpt: The disappearance of Tom Sponseller, 61, has sparked concern amongst the residents of South Carolina. Sponseller is the head of the South Carolina Hospitality Association and was last seen on Saturday at his office. His colleagues grew worried after he failed to attend an important meeting on Monday and have been unable to reach him.  According to authorities, Sponseller was involved in a car accident about a year ago where he blacked out prior to the collision. This information has led investigators to speculate that he may have blacked out again and may be in need of urgent medical attention.  The search for Sponseller began on Monday after his colleagues notified authorities of his disappearance. His vehicle was found parked outside his office with no signs of a struggle. Investigators are currently working to determine whether Sponseller left willingly or if foul play is involved.  Sponseller's colleagues have expressed their concern for his well-being, describing him as a dedicated and hardworking individual who is always present to attend to his duties. The South Carolina Hospitality Association has released a statement expressing their hope for his safe return and urging anyone with information on his whereabouts to come forward.  The search for Sponseller has since intensified as investigators comb through surveillance footage and conduct interviews in an effort to piece together his movements. The local community has also rallied behind the search efforts, with volunteers and citizens sharing his photo and spreading the word to help in locating him. As the search for Sponseller continues, the South Carolina Hospitality Association remains hopeful for his safe return. The organization and its members are in a state of shock and have come together to support each other as they await news of their beloved colleague. The authorities have urged anyone with information on the case to come forward and assist in locating Tom Sponseller.