article: New York (CNN) -- A third person has accused Macy's flagship store in Herald Square of racial profiling after he purchased a $2,400 Louis Vuitton bag, according to his lawyer. Halim Sharif, a club promoter in New York City, claims the department store stopped him and unnecessarily searched his purchase because he was black, said lawyer Kareem Vessup. He is the fifth person to say he was targeted after shopping at a New York department store because of race this year. Three allegedly involved Macy's; the other two allegations were at Barneys New York. Vessup also represents Kayla Phillips, who claims that four NYPD plainclothes officers forcefully stopped her after she left Barneys with her purchase earlier this year in February. The incident involving Sharif occurred on April 19, 2013, when Sharif purchased the bag as a gift for a friend. On his way out of Macy's, a security alarm went off, his lawyer contends. Sharif was stopped by a loss-prevention member employee at Macy's who asked to see his receipt. Though Sharif provided his receipt, he claims that the employee started going through his purchase. "They beat up the purchase pretty badly," said Vessup, who said, "They [Macy's] became a little bit dismissive of Mr. Sharif." Sharif managed to get cell phone video of the incident once a supervisor and manager intervened. Vessup says the video is not going to be released, but it shows other shoppers who set off the security alarm but were not stopped; none were African- American or Hispanic, he said. Sharif filed a complaint with Macy's but has received no response, according to his lawyer. Macy's said Saturday, "We take any claim made by our customers very seriously and will investigate Mr. Sharif's allegation vigorously. Macy's has a zero tolerance for discrimination of any kind. "If Macy's policies have not been upheld, we will take swift and immediate action. As Mr. Sharif's case is pending litigation, we cannot comment further on any specifics relating to the lawsuit." Macy's signed a customer bill of rights earlier this month. Civil rights leaders met with retail chain representatives and agreed to create the document. The one-page document is to be posted to the department store websites, which will include Macy's, Barneys New York, Bloomingdales, Lord & Taylor and Saks Fifth Avenue. "Profiling is an unacceptable practice and will not be tolerated," the document states, drafted by the Retail Council of New York State, along with National Action Network and the Rev. Al Sharpton. "Employees who violate the company's prohibition on profiling will be subject to disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment," the document says. CNN's Rande Iaboni contributed to this report.
highlights: New claim made against Macy's in Herald Square . Shopper said his purchase unnecessarily searched . Macy's says it will investigation allegations "vigorously" Five people have cited racial profiling in New York City department stores this year .
id: f333533ce57bd3642303c67290246b3afefa0832
chatgpt: Macy's, the world-famous department store, is under fire once again for allegedly racially profiling its customers. A shopper has come forward with claims that his purchase was unnecessarily searched at the Herald Square location. This latest incidence of racial profiling brings the number of people citing such incidents in New York City department stores this year to five. The man, who wishes to remain anonymous, stated that he purchased a watch from the store and was then stopped by two security guards. The guards proceeded to search him and his personal belongings despite no indication of suspicion from the store employees. The shopper claims he was targeted because of the color of his skin. Macy's has released a statement in response to these allegations, stating that it takes all claims of racial profiling very seriously and will investigate the matter "vigorously". This latest incident follows a string of others this year alone. In February, four African-American women claimed they were racially profiled and mistreated at a New York department store, with one of them publicly criticizing the store in a blog post. In May, a Mexican-American actor called for a boycott against the same store following an alleged incident of racial profiling. New York City officials have expressed their disappointment with the alleged incidents of racial profiling in department stores, stating that such behavior is unacceptable and goes against the city's values of equality and diversity. In response, a bill has been introduced to the New York City Council that would require retailers to provide their employees with anti-bias training. The issue of racial profiling is a growing concern, not just in New York City but across the country. Macy's, as one of the largest retail chains in the world, has a responsibility to ensure that all of its customers are treated fairly and without prejudice. The company has previously faced lawsuits regarding racial profiling, which resulted in a $650,000 settlement in 2013. While racial profiling is a complex issue with no easy solution, it is clear that immediate action must be taken by retailers to ensure that their employees are trained to avoid such behaviors. The proposed bill in New York City is a step in the right direction, and other retailers should follow suit by implementing similar training programs. Customers have a right to feel safe and secure while shopping, and it is our collective responsibility to ensure that these experiences are free from any form of discrimination.  In conclusion, the allegations of racial profiling made by the anonymous shopper at Macy's in Herald Square are troubling and require a thorough investigation. Macy's and other retailers must take immediate steps to train their employees to avoid any form of bias or discrimination against their customers. It is only then that we can ensure that all customers, regardless of their skin color or ethnic background, are treated with the respect and dignity they deserve.