article: David Silva has relieved the worries of Chelsea supporters by playing down Diego Costa's hamstring injury. The Spain hitman picked up the problem while on international duty and left the Spanish squad ahead of their Euro 2016 qualifier against Macedonia to recover. Costa has four goals in his first three Premier League games, making a lightning start to his career at Stamford Bridge, but it was feared he could miss the trip to Everton last weekend with an injury and this new blow is a problem he suffered last season with Atletico Madrid. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Diego Costa's immense chip  in Spain training prior to injury . Injury concern: Diego Costa had no choice but to withdraw from Spain's upcoming fixture against Macedonia . Friendly defeat: Spain were beaten 1-0 by France at the Stade de France on Thursday night . However, Spain team-mate and Manchester City playmaker David Silva does not believe the injury is particularly bad - raising hopes that Costa could be fit to face Swansea at Stamford Bridge next weekend, as well as Silva's Manchester City a week later. 'I saw Costa was doing well and I talked to him. The injury is nothing serious,' Silva said. Spain flopped at the World Cup with Costa leading the line and struggled to create chances in their 1-0 friendly defeat to France, again with Costa up front. But Silva says slowly but surely La Roja are getting used to his style of play. 'We are trying to connect with Costa. We’re on it,' Silva said. Main man: Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho will be hoping Costa is available for his side's next game . 'Over the last few years we’ve been known for having the ball and creating chances. We have to be patient as there are new people here. 'Now we don’t really create much. We’re working to improve that aspect.' Costa flew back to London on Friday for tests on his injury although the extent of the problem is yet to be fully established. Fan favourite: Diego Costa celebrates his second goal at Goodison Park in front of the Chelsea supporters .
highlights: Diego Costa will miss Spain's first Euro 2016 qualifier against Macedonia . He has been struggling with a hamstring injury and has left the squad . But Manchester City's David Silva has said the injury is 'nothing serious' Chelsea's summer signing played 67 minutes at Stade de France . Spain have been in contact with Chelsea regarding the striker's fitness . Silva's City face Costa's Chelsea on October 21 at the Etihad Stadium . Chelsea play Swansea in the Premier League next Saturday .
id: d879f674f7ca8b436e449877a8dfb084c0a0f0cd
chatgpt: Spain will be without striker Diego Costa when they play their first Euro 2016 qualifier against Macedonia on Monday. The Chelsea forward has been struggling with a hamstring injury and has left the Spanish squad.
 
The news will be a blow for coach Vicente del Bosque as Costa was expected to play a key role in Spain's bid to defend their European title. The 25-year-old was playing through the pain barrier during Chelsea's Premier League draw at Manchester City last weekend, and was also substituted in the midweek friendly against France after playing 67 minutes.
 
Manchester City midfielder David Silva has, however, said that the injury is "nothing serious". Speaking to reporters ahead of City's clash with Tottenham Hotspur, Silva said: "I spoke with him and he says it’s nothing, he’s okay. It's okay for us [if he is out], but not so much for Spain. He played the last game no problem. I don’t know what happened. I hope he’s okay for our game [against Chelsea]."
 
Spain have been in contact with Chelsea regarding the striker's fitness, but the Premier League leaders will be keen to ensure Costa fully recovers before returning to action. The Spanish striker has made a fantastic start to his time in English football, scoring nine goals in his first nine league games for the Blues. However, he has had to deal with a string of niggling injuries, including a hamstring problem that kept him out of the home draw against Manchester United.
 
Chelsea face Swansea in the Premier League next Saturday, and then host Slovenian side Maribor in the Champions League a few days later. Given the importance of both fixtures, it is unlikely that manager Jose Mourinho will risk Costa if he is not fully fit.
 
City and Chelsea are two of the main title contenders in the Premier League this season, and are set to face each other at the Etihad Stadium on October 21. Mourinho will be hoping that Costa will be fit for that game, as the Brazilian-born striker has made a huge impact since arriving from Atletico Madrid in the summer. He has formed a deadly partnership with fellow Spaniard Cesc Fabregas, and the duo have been instrumental in Chelsea's excellent start to the season.