article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . A talented student at a top New York high school has allegedly committed suicide out of shame for cheating on her German-language exam. Omotayo Adeoye, 17, was allegedly caught peeking at her cellphone during a test at Harlem's High School for Math, Science and Engineering on Thursday afternoon. The humiliated teen reportedly ran to the bathroom after being yelled at by her teacher, but never returned to her desk. Witnesses said they saw the South Bronx resident hand her belongings to a stranger and jump into the Hudson River, forcing herself under water. She has not yet been found. Heartbreaking: Omotayo Adeoye, 17 (pictured left and right) was allegedly so ashamed about . cheating on her exam on Thursday that she jumped into the Hudson River . in New York and has not been found . New York Post reported the heartbreaking incident unfolded on Thursday afternoon when Adeoye's teacher Eva Malikova saw her cheating and snatched her phone away. A male classmate told The Post that Malikova began screaming at Adeoye, 'Oh, you shouldn’t be cheating! You guys shouldn’t be cheating! You guys are lying to yourselves!' When Adeoye burst into tears and apologized, Malikova reportedly snapped back: 'Oh, you are not really sorry. That’s not a sincere apology!' The Post reported that law enforcement sources confirmed the harsh exchange. Before asking to go to the bathroom, the promising senior scrawled a heart wrenching note on her exam: 'I just want to go away forever on the bottom of the river'. The humiliated teen then walked to the Hudson River’s edge at West 165th Street, put her ID down on the river bank and jumped into the water. Scene: Omotayo Adeoye, 17, was a senior at the High School for Math, Science and Engineering in Harlem, New York (pictured) Educator: High School for Math, Science and Engineering teacher Eva Malikova (pictured) caught Omotayo Adeoye cheating on Thursday . Witnesses told The Post that it appeared the girl - who can't swim - forced herself down. New York Daily News reported that witnesses pleaded with the girl to return to shore. Her school called authorities about 30 minutes to an hour after she disappeared. Emergency crews have scoured the river, but have found no sign of the biology whiz. Adeoye’s mother was too devastated to talk to New York Daily News on Friday night. 'She was a good girl, but I can’t talk about it,' she said. Malikova has not commented publicly. A Department of Education spokeswoman told The Post the department would do more to address mental health issues with students. 'We are conducting an investigation into this tragic incident, and we are taking immediate action,' she said. Schools Chancellor Carmen Fariña offered her condolences. 'Our thoughts and prayers are with her family and her school community,' she said  'This must be a call to action.' * For confidential support call the Samaritans on 08457 90 90 90, attend a local Samaritans branch, or visit www.samaritans.org.
highlights: Omotayo Adeoye was caught peeking at her cellphone during a test at New York's High School for Math, Science and Engineering on Thursday afternoon . The humiliated teen went to the bathroom after her teacher yelled at her and never returned . The South Bronx resident instead jumped into the Hudson River and has not been found .
id: 97d594a41fb7cc477447343f534f3694f8d71815
chatgpt: A teen from South Bronx has gone missing after allegedly jumping into the Hudson River following a confrontation with her teacher. Omotayo Adeoye reportedly looked at her cellphone during a test at New York's prestigious High School for Math, Science and Engineering last Thursday afternoon. When the teacher caught her, she was immediately reprimanded, leading to an altercation between the two. Feeling humiliated, the student went to the bathroom and never returned to class. The incident occurred during a crucial moment of the school year, when students were preparing for important exams. In such a challenging environment, pressure can easily get to teenagers, who are often pushed to their limits. Following Adeoye's disappearance, authorities immediately launched a search and rescue operation but to no avail. Divers scoured the river and its surrounding areas, but so far, no sign of the young girl has been found. Adeoye's family, who expressed concern for her wellbeing, have also joined the search for their daughter. According to them, Adeoye was a smart and ambitious student with a promising future ahead of her. They said that her disappearance was out of character, and they could not understand why she would have attempted to take her own life. Meanwhile, the incident has also caused alarm among school officials, who have started to review their policies on how to handle student misconduct. Some experts have proposed that teachers should receive better training to deal with such situations, while others say that schools should appoint special counselors to help students cope with the extreme pressure they face. This is not the first time that a student at this or any other school has faced such an ordeal. Throughout the country, students struggle with the pressure of success, battling with the challenges brought on by academic expectations, social pressure, and a constantly connected digital world. Nevertheless, Adeoye's disappearance has left many in shock and disbelief, prompting calls for more action to be taken to address the issue. As the search for Adeoye continues, it is hoped that those involved make progress sooner rather than later. Meanwhile, the community should come together to support Adeoye's family and to concur that such incidents never recur again. Teens should also know how to handle pressures instead of resorting to such extreme measures.