article: By . Charlie Scott . Follow @@charliefscott . Former West Brom defender Liam Ridgewell has joined Portland Timbers in the Major Soccer League. The 29-year-old was released by the Baggies at the end of the season and has decided to pursue a new career in the United States. Once his international clearance is received he will occupy one of the club's international slots and is their third designated player (those allowed above the salary cap) in the squad. New challenge: Liam Ridgewell (right) tackles Hull's Tom Huddlestone during a Premier League match . Careful: Ridgewell makes sure he doesn't foul Aaron Ramsey during a game at the Hawthorns . 'Moving into the summer transfer window it was no secret we were looking to strengthen our squad with a top-level defender and we are extremely pleased to announce the signing of Liam Ridgewell,' head coach Caleb Porter told timbers.com. 'Liam is still in his prime at only 29 years old and he's been playing game in and out in the English Premier League versus many of the top attacking players in the world. 'This pedigree, along with his leadership qualities and technical ability as a left-sided central defender, makes him an ideal choice to enhance our backline for the second half of the season and beyond.' Warm welcome: Portland Timbers head coach Caleb Porter cannot wait for Ridgewell to join the squad . Steady: Porter, signalling no foul above, believes Ridgewell can be a key player for the Timbers . Portland's general manager Gavin Wilkinson claimed they secured Ridgewell's services ahead of a number of Premier League sides. 'After attending a recent match at Providence Park Liam was incredibly taken by the fans and atmosphere generated here in Portland and, despite receiving several attractive offers to stay in the Premier League, chose the Timbers due to his belief in the vision and football philosophy of the organisation,' he said.
highlights: The defender was released by West Brom at the end of the season . His move has been confirmed after he received international clearance .
id: 8b4eedb64e4985debd147200cd5763a0bbef40ec
chatgpt: Former West Brom defender, John Brown, has secured a new club after being released by the Baggies at the end of the season. The experienced defender has been without a club until now but has finally landed on his feet with the help of international clearance. Brown's move has been officialised after he received the necessary papers to transfer. The details of his new club and contract have not been made public, but his agent has confirmed that the defender is looking forward to the new challenge. The 32-year-old had been with West Brom for two years, making over 50 appearances for the club. However, the defender was deemed surplus to requirements at the end of the season and was released in a move that shocked some fans. Despite the setback, Brown has not given up on his footballing career and is eager to return to first-team action once again. Speaking to reporters, Brown said, "I'm delighted to have found a new club and can't wait to get started. I've been working hard in training and I'm ready to show what I can do on the pitch." Brown's international clearance was an important factor in securing his new club, as it enables him to play professionally in any country outside of the UK. With his experience and ability, John Brown will be a valuable addition to any team. Fans of the defender will be eagerly anticipating news of where he will be turning out next season. Brown's passion and commitment to the sport is unwavering, and it is only a matter of time before he is back on the pitch doing what he does best. In conclusion, John Brown's move to a new club after being released by West Brom has been confirmed following the receipt of international clearance. The defender will be eager to make an impact in his new team and prove his worth once again.