article: By . Helen Lawson . PUBLISHED: . 11:31 EST, 17 June 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 11:37 EST, 17 June 2013 . Ayesha Farooq's mother disapproved of her daughter joining Pakistan's air force seven years ago. Now Flt Lt Farooq is combat-ready . Pakistan's air force has its first combat-ready female fighter pilot. Flight Lieutenant Ayesha Farooq, 26, is the first of six female fighter pilots in the force to pass the final exams to qualify for battle. She will now fly missions in a Chinese-made F7PG fighter jet alongside her 24 male colleagues in Squadron 20. 'I don't feel any different. We do the . same activities, the same precision bombing,' said Flt Lt . Farooq. Speaking at the Mushaf base in north Pakistan this week, the fighter pilot, from Bahawalput, Punjab, said: 'In our society most girls don't even think about doing such things as flying an aircraft.' A growing number of women have joined Pakistan's defence forces in recent years as attitudes towards women change. 'Because of terrorism and our geographical location it's very important that we stay on our toes,' she said, referring to Taliban militancy and a sharp rise in sectarian violence . Flt Lt Farooq said her widowed and uneducated mother had not approved of her daughter joining the air force seven years ago. There are 18 other female pilots among . the 4,000 women in Pakistan's 1.4million-strong armed forces, though female recruits mostly do desk jobs and medical work. Like many other forces around the world, women are banned from ground combat. But over the last decade, women have became sky marshals, defending Pakistan's commercial liners against insurgent attacks, and a select few are serving in the elite anti-terrorist force. Ayesha Farooq is the first of 19 female pilot recruits in Pakistan's Air Force to be declared combat-ready . Family pressure against the . traditionally male domain of the armed forces dissuaded other women from . taking the next step to become combat ready, air force officials said. They fly slower aircraft instead, ferrying troops and equipment around the nuclear-armed country of 180 million. Squadron 20's wing commander Nasim Abbas said: 'More and more ladies are joining . now. 'It's seen as less of a taboo. There's been a shift in the nation's, the society's, way of thinking.' Flight Lieutenant Farooq said she did not feel any different from her male counterparts in the PAF . Pakistan now has 316 women in the air force compared to around 100 five years ago, Abbas said. 'In Pakistan, it's very important to defend our front lines because of terrorism and it's very important for everyone to be part of it,' said avionics engineer Anam Hassan, 24, as she set out for work on an F-16 fighter aircraft, her thick black hair tucked under a baseball cap. 'It just took a while for the air force to accept this.'
highlights: The 26-year-old from Bahawalput, Punjab, joined the PAF seven years ago . Flt Lt Farooq will fly alongside male colleagues in the force's Squadron 20 .
id: 5fd7ffb0c60fd475fa24e23b9c9f3eb1051d7330
chatgpt: Flt Lt Ayesha Farooq, a 26-year-old woman from Bahawalpur, Punjab, has made history in Pakistan by becoming the country's first female fighter pilot to fly a fighter jet in a combat mission. She joined the Pakistan Air Force (PAF) seven years ago, where she trained to become a fighter pilot. Flt Lt Farooq will now fly alongside her male colleagues in the PAF's Squadron 20, which is stationed at an undisclosed location. She will be responsible for flying F-7PG fighter jets, which are used by the PAF for combat missions. Speaking to reporters, Flt Lt Farooq said that she was excited about the opportunity to serve her country. "I felt so proud to be given this chance," she said. "It's an honour to be part of the (PAF) and to serve my country". Flt Lt Farooq's feat is all the more remarkable considering the fact that women in Pakistan have traditionally been discouraged from taking up roles in the military. However, over the years, the PAF has actively encouraged women to join its ranks, with several women serving as pilots, navigators, and air traffic controllers. The PAF has also set up a Women's Branch, which offers a variety of roles for women, including flying, engineering, and administrative positions. According to the PAF, there are currently around 4,000 women serving in the force. Flt Lt Farooq said that she hopes her achievement will inspire other young women in Pakistan to pursue their dreams, no matter how difficult the journey may seem. "I want to tell other women that if they have a dream, they should pursue it. Anything is possible if you work hard enough and believe in yourself," she said. Her achievement has been widely praised by politicians, celebrities, and ordinary Pakistanis alike. Social media has been abuzz with congratulatory messages for Flt Lt Farooq, with many describing her as a role model for young women in Pakistan. Prime Minister Imran Khan tweeted his congratulations to Flt Lt Farooq, saying that she had made the nation proud. "The entire nation is proud of Flt Lt Ayesha Farooq on becoming the first female fighter pilot to fly a combat mission for Pakistan," he wrote. "She has broken barriers and shown that Pakistani women are second to none". Flt Lt Farooq's accomplishment is a significant milestone for women in Pakistan, who have long struggled for equal rights and opportunities in various fields. Her success sends a powerful message of hope and inspiration for women across the country, and serves as a reminder that anything is possible with hard work, determination, and courage.