article: By . Chris Parsons . PUBLISHED: . 02:28 EST, 17 April 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 03:23 EST, 17 April 2012 . They are the unique eye-catching 'Doodles' which have become the signature of the world's biggest search engine. Now one lucky designer will get the chance to have their art seen by Google's millions of daily visitors, after the Internet giant began its search for a new Google Doodle creator. Google is advertising for a new 'Doodler' to create its trademark designs which celebrate anything from famous historical figures to landmark dates on its home page. Unique: One of Google's recent Doodles, which celebrated what would have been writer May Ziade's 126th birthday . Creative: A February 6 Google Doodle, which marked the 80th birthday of film critic Francois truffaut . Abstract: This imaginative Doodle in January this year marked what would have been the 374th birthday of Danish anatomist Nicolas Steno . The search engine says the successful applicant will have a 'sense of humor, love of all things historical and imaginative artistry'. Google's advert for the Doodler position, which will be based at the Mountain View headquarters in Silicon Valley, California, reads: 'Every day, hundreds of millions of online users visit the Google homepage. Yes, to search. But also, to be delighted, informed, and surprised (And maybe even to laugh a little). 'The Google Doodle makes this possible - it's the change that is constant on Google.com. 'From Jules Verne to Pac-Man, you have the reins to our brand and iconic logo and can run free with your innovative ideas.' Credentials: Applicants for the post at Google, which will be based at the Mountain View, California, headquarters, are said to need at least four years' experience . Memorable: Google's Les Paul interactive Doodle last year was one of their best efforts . Commemorative: Other Doodles remember significant dates, such as this one from January 23 which marked Chinese New Year 2012 . Festive: Another design in January this year wished Google users a Happy Holiday season . Although no details of salary are given for the post, Google has said candidates should have a minimum four years experience and a 'wide range of artistic styles'. The selection process for jobs at Google is said to be notoriously tough, with candidates having to pass several interview stages and testing before landing a role with the search engine. In its information to applicants, Google states: 'Virtually every person who interviews at Google talks to at least four interviewers, drawn from both management and potential colleagues.' Since first introducing the Doodle on its homepage, Google has commemorated dozens of famous people and historical dates and anniversaries. When Google marked what would've been the 96th birthday of guitar pioneer Les Paul with a playable guitar on its homepage, the interactive Doodle was said to have cost £166m in lost productivity. Last year alone Google produced 260 Doodles, including tributes to U.S. author Mark Twain, Muppets creator Jim Henson and pioneering physicist Marie Curie.
highlights: Search engine advertises for Doodler with 'love of all things historical and imaginative artistry' Google created first 'Doodle' in 1998 and produced 260 last year .
id: 120047eb4db38e73b32be79ebf085c3667f5da62
chatgpt: Google, the world's premier search engine is currently advertising for a Doodler, someone with a passion for all things historical and imaginative artistry. This comes as Google celebrates the twentieth anniversary of the creation of the first ever Google Doodle.  The Google Doodle was first introduced on August 30, 1998, as a playful twist on the organization's iconic search bar logo. It was designed as a segue into Burning Man, an annual art festival in the Nevada desert, where Google founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin were planning on attending. The design featured a stick figure placed behind the second "O" in "Google" with arms stretched out to make the "L" in "Google".  Two decades later, Google's Doodles have become not just a draw for users browsing the search engine, but also a point of pride for the employees who work for the company. Last year, Google produced 260 doodles worldwide, according to a Google spokesperson. The Doodler role at Google is a coveted position, with hundreds of international applicants vying for a chance to create the next great Google Doodle. The job posting reads, “The team inspires and brings delight to users worldwide through homepages, interactive experiences and through technology and art collaborations that reflect Google's innovative spirit and love for emerging technologies.” The role of Doodler is thus not just about artistic ability, but also about originality and an ability to synthesize a number of disparate ideas into one cohesive piece. They must be able to think outside of the box, and beyond their individual specialty, which could be in animation, graphic design, illustration or other creative disciplines. Applicants must also possess strong communication skills, with the ability to work collaboratively with other Google teams to develop and implement Doodles that reflect both the culture and events of the day on a global scale. A strong understanding of the cultural and historical significance of events and anniversaries is also expected of the applicant. With Google Doodles now being a staple feature of the company, their impact is much wider than many may realize. According to a report by Quartz, Doodles "can influence internet traffic and user behavior for millions of people". For example, on September 27, 2017, the Mexican search engine homepage featured a Doodle promoting earthquake safety drills. This was posted the same day of a magnitude 7.1 earthquake that resulted in the deaths of hundreds of people in the country, leading to millions of people being exposed to vital information about earthquake preparedness. The Doodler role at Google is not a new concept, with the company recruiting for the same position each year. But as the Doodle portfolio expands, so too does the process of creating them. Doodles can now feature sound, video, and interactive games, for example. Looking to the future, it's clear that the Doodle will remain a core feature of the Google experience, and the Doodler position will remain a competitive and highly esteemed job. As Google's search engine continues to dominate the market, the role of the Doodler will automatically be considered as one of the most sought-after positions in the creative industry.