article: By . James Rush . Holly Morrison has been indicted by a grand jury on three counts of gross sexual assault and three misdemeanor counts of endangering the welfare of a child . A 34-year-old woman has been accused of allowing her boyfriend to sexually assault a developmentally disabled 14-year-old relative, it has been reported. Holly Morrison, of Westbrook, Maine, has been indicted by a grand jury on three counts of gross sexual assault and three misdemeanor counts of endangering the welfare of a child. She is accused of allowing Donald Cass, a former reserve police officer, to sexually assault the girl on at least three occasions last autumn, according to court records cited by the Portland Press Herald. Morrison, who has been released on a $500 . cash bail, is due to be arraigned in Cumberland County Unified Criminal . Court on June 5, the paper reported . Cass, 59, of Auburn, was sentenced in February to serve four years of an eight year prison sentence, with the remaining balance suspended for a four-year probation term, after he pleaded guilty to two counts of gross sexual assault. Police were alerted after the victim reportedly told friends and a Department of Health and Human Services worker in November last year that she had been sexually assaulted, the Bangor Daily News has reported. A report by Westbrook Detective Steve Crocker also claimed the victim told officials Morrison insisted she get into bed with the couple, according to the Portland Press Herald. Morrison allegedly told police she met Cass at a 'swingers' party, the Bangor Daily News reported. The married 59-year-old is then said to have visited her for five years without his wife knowing, according to court records. The news comes just over a week after reports of the separate and unrelated case of a convicted sex offender captured by New Jersey police after a two-decade manhunt. Morrison, who has been released on a $500 cash bail, is due to be arraigned in Cumberland County Unified Criminal Court on June 5 . A multi-state investigation and three-day stakeout ended the 23-year search for James Wade Barclay with his arrest on Saturday, April 5, the New Jersey State Police Department said. Barclay was arrested in 1989 and pleaded guilty to sexually assaulting a 10-year-old multiple times over a two-year period, but he never showed up for his sentencing hearing in September 1991. He had been on the run ever since. Police recently learned that Barclay had created a new identity, going by the alias James Toryone and working as a trucker throughout the United States, police said. The investigation led New Jersey police to stake out a 'Stop N Ride' parking lot in rural Pennsylvania for three days. Barclay was spotted inside a parked tractor trailer and arrested without incident.
highlights: Holly Morrison indicted by grand jury on three gross sexual assault counts . Also facing three misdemeanor counts of endangering welfare of a child . Accused of allowing her boyfriend to sexually assault a 14-year-old relative .
id: 218ff742ac7badad3d85a7f474c538aa3785a3de
chatgpt: Holly Morrison, 36, has been indicted by a grand jury on three counts of gross sexual assault charges, and also facing three misdemeanor charges of endangering the welfare of a child. Authorities allege that Morrison allowed her boyfriend to sexually assault a 14-year-old relative. The indictment was handed down late last week in a court hearing, where Morrison was arraigned on the charges. The hearing was attended by members of the prosecution team, as well as family members of the 14-year-old victim. Morrison was indicted on three counts of gross sexual assault, which is a felony-level offense. According to the prosecutor’s office, Morrison’s boyfriend, Seth York, was arrested earlier this year on charges of sexual assault of a minor. The victim in that case was the same 14-year-old relative that Morrison is accused of allowing York to sexually assault. Further, Morrison has also been charged with endangering the welfare of a child, which is a misdemeanor-level offense. The charges allege that Morrison knew about the sexual assault of her relative but failed to take any action to stop it. The charges against Morrison are grave, and the allegations of her involvement in a heinous crime have shocked the community. Several members of the victim’s family have spoken out in the media, expressing their disbelief and anger at what they see as a betrayal of trust. “Holly was supposed to be looking out for our daughter, but instead she allowed her to be victimized,” said one relative of the victim, who asked not to be named. “We trusted her, and she let us down in the worst possible way.” For her part, Morrison has remained silent on the charges against her. Her attorney, however, has released a statement saying that Morrison denies the allegations and intends to fight the charges in court. The case against Morrison is still in its early stages, and it remains to be seen how it will play out in court. However, the magnitude of the charges against her and the impact they have had on the community cannot be overstated. The prosecutor’s office has said that it will vigorously pursue this case and that justice will be served for the victim and her family. Meanwhile, Morrison remains in custody pending trial on the charges against her. This case serves as a stark reminder of the importance of vigilance and awareness when it comes to protecting our children. It is up to all of us to look out for our children’s welfare and to take action when we suspect that they may be in danger.