article: Amy Pascal is taking steps to deal with an exchange of racist emails that were leaked during the Sony hack last week. The shamed studio head meet with Al Sharpton in New York on Thursday where the pair talked about the incident for almost two hours. Afterwards, Sharpton shared his thoughts on how things went on Twitter. Scroll down for video . Working for progress: Al Sharpton (above) met with Amy Pascal in New York Thursday to discuss the lack of diversity in Hollywood . Shamed: This over a week after leaked emails showed a racist exchange about President Obama between Sony head Pascal (above) and producer Scott Rudin . 'Very pointed and blunt exchange w/Amy Pascal in our 90 min meeting,' he tweeted. 'Hollywood needs to change. Her leaked e mails show a cultural blindness.' He later held a news conference and appeared on Politics Nation where he revealed that Sony was creating a 'working group' to discuss and address the lack of racial diversity in Hollywood. This after Pascal's racist emails went public. On the eve of a fundraising breakfast in November 2013 being attended by the President at the home of DreamWorks CEO Jeffrey Katzenberg, Pascal and Rudin went over things she could discuss with Obama while at the event. 'Should I ask him if he liked DJANGO?' Pascal asks Rudin, a reference to the 2012 Quentin Tarantino film Django Unchained that dealt with the subject of slavery in the antebellum South. '12 years,' responds Rudin, referencing another slavery film, this time Steve McQueen's 2013 Academy Award-winning work 12 Years a Slave, a very violent and brutal look at the injustice and abuse endured by the millions forced into slavery in America. The pair then keep going, listing as many current films starring black actors as they can name, including Lee Daniels' The Butler and two Kevin Hart movies, Think Like a Man and Ride Along. 'I bet he likes Kevin Hart,' says Rudin at one point. Staying quiet: Rudin (above) has been laying low since the emails were leaked . Pascal issued an apology saying: 'The content of my emails were insensitive and inappropriate but are not an accurate reflection of who I am.' She then added, 'although this was a private communication that was stolen, I accept full responsibility for what I wrote and apologize to everyone who was offended.' Sharpton released his own statement at the time, saying; 'These emails nominate Amy Pascal to be considered by some of us in the same light that we concluded and moved on the ownership of Donald Sterling of the L.A. Clippers.'
highlights: Amy Pascal met with Al Sharpton in New York on Thursday where the two discussed the lack of diversity in Hollywood . This after a racist email exchange between Pascal and producer Scott Rudin was leaked as a result of the Sony hack . Sharpton said that the meeting was 'pointed and blunt' He also revealed that Sony would be starting a group to address the lack of diversity in Hollywood .
id: fb440ef0699d43a469a467fd7725b74f9b547ef0
chatgpt: Sony Pictures Entertainment executive, Amy Pascal, met with civil rights activist Al Sharpton in New York City on Thursday to discuss issues related to diversity in Hollywood. The meeting came just days after emails between Pascal and producer Scott Rudin were leaked in the infamous Sony hack, revealing a racially insensitive exchange between the two executives. The conversation focused on the lack of diversity in the entertainment industry and the steps that can be taken to improve the situation. Sharpton expressed his dissatisfaction with the current state of affairs and called for immediate action to be taken. The meeting was “pointed and blunt”, according to Sharpton, who further stated that he was pleased with the outcome. Sony also announced that it would be creating a “group that will deal with issues of diversity in Hollywood and the entertainment industry” as a result of the meeting. Pascal’s position at Sony has been under intense scrutiny since the email leak, with many calling for her resignation. Some have criticized her for not doing enough to address the diversity issue in Hollywood, while others have accused her of being outright racist. Sharpton said that he believes Pascal is sincere in her desire to bring about change in the industry. “I think she’s committed to making sure that we get some results and changes. She was very open and receptive to the idea that there needs to be serious change.” Pascal’s meeting with Sharpton is just the latest event in a string of controversies surrounding diversity in Hollywood. Even as more minorities are being given leading roles in blockbuster films, the imbalance is still evident, with non-white actors still being grossly underrepresented. The recent Oscar nominations have brought the issue back into the forefront, with many criticizing the Academy for failing to recognize any minority actors in its top categories. The hashtag #OscarsSoWhite has been trending on social media, with many voicing their dissatisfaction with the situation. It remains to be seen whether Pascal’s meeting with Sharpton will have any actual impact on the situation, and whether Sony’s new group will be able to bring about change in the industry. But with Sharpton at the forefront of the issue, it is clear that the conversation around diversity in Hollywood is not going away anytime soon.