article: Jose Mourinho launched an attack on Arsene Wenger by claiming he would have been given a stadium ban if he had shoved the Arsenal manager. Despite Wenger’s apology for his actions during Arsenal’s 2-0 defeat at Chelsea on October 5, Mourinho insists the FA give the Frenchman special treatment. Wenger avoided disciplinary action after the high-profile incident at Stamford Bridge because it was dealt with at the time by referee Martin Atkinson. Arsene Wenger shoves Jose Mourinho in the chest at Stamford Bridge during Chelsea's 2-0 win over Arsenal . Mourinho said: ‘I’m not surprised, I’m not surprised. (Me) charged? Charged? If it was me it would have been a stadium ban.’ Mourinho then revealed that he follows his own protocol before matches by shaking hands with opposition managers and insists it is not necessary at the final whistle. He said: ‘The moment I consider fundamental is to shake hands before the match, and before the match in my house, it’s my responsibility. ‘So I always go to the opponents’ dugout, or in the tunnel before the game . . . after the game, it depends on you, on the others.’ Wenger has apologised on French TV for the clash despite initially insisting he had 'nothing to regret' Wenger and Mourinho had to be separated by fourth official Jonathan Moss as their rivalry showed itself . Mourinho also responded to Aston Villa assistant Roy Keane who claimed a Sunday League boss would have knocked him out if he had attempted to shake hands with the opposition before the end of the game. Mourinho said: ‘I don’t know if he really feels it, or if he wants to sell books and needs my help for that . . . but, to be fair, I know my nature, I know my intentions.’ He added sarcastically: ‘I appreciate the comments. I think they are both two great examples of polite and very well-educated people, and because I’m a humble guy who tries to learn every day and with every experience, I appreciate the comments.’ Roy Keane ignored the Blues boss and Paul Lambert refused to shake Mourinho's hand before full-time . Mourinho has also found support from Sunderland manager Gus Poyet who accused Keane of betraying dressing-room secrets. ‘You can’t say one day that “What happens in the dressing room stays in the dressing room”, then write a book. I don’t like it,’ said Poyet. Mourinho also found time to criticise the authorities over their fixture scheduling yet again after he was told Chelsea would play their Capital One Cup tie at Shrewsbury just 48 hours after their fixture at Manchester United on October 26. He added: ‘Burn-out is to play Manchester United on the Sunday and Shrewsbury on the Tuesday. That’s burn-out.’
highlights: Arsene Wenger shoved Jose Mourinho during the touchline spat at Stamford Bridge during Chelsea's 2-0 victory over Arsenal two weeks ago . Arsenal's manager avoided disciplinary action for the incident . Mourinho insists he would have received a stadium ban if he'd pushed . Paul Lambert and Roy Keane were angered by Mourinho for attempting to shake their hands before the final whistle when Chelsea met Aston Villa . Mourinho insists he will continue to shake hands before full-time .
id: 6a38b80dce2a725c86a302cdc19479e1d8eaf24f
chatgpt: London, England - The touchline spat between Arsene Wenger and Jose Mourinho during the Chelsea vs Arsenal match two weeks ago is still making headlines. Wenger, Arsenal's manager, reportedly shoved Mourinho during the heated exchange. Despite the altercation, Wenger avoided any disciplinary action. Mourinho, on the other hand, believes that he would have received a stadium ban if he had pushed Wenger. It's unclear if there will be any additional consequences for Wenger as a result of the incident. The tension between the two managers has been brewing for years, with both men exchanging words in the media as well as on the pitch. It's clear that this latest incident has only added fuel to the fire. In addition to the Wenger-Mourinho clash, there was also some drama after Chelsea's recent match against Aston Villa. Mourinho attempted to shake hands with both Paul Lambert and Roy Keane after the game, but they were angered by his gesture. Mourinho has stated that he will continue to shake hands before the final whistle, despite the negative reaction he received from Lambert and Keane. He believes that it is important to show respect to his opponents, even when there is bad blood between the teams. It's clear that Mourinho's approach to pre-game handshakes is not universally accepted, but he is unwavering in his commitment to the tradition. Whether or not his opponents will continue to snub his offer remains to be seen. As for Wenger and Mourinho, their latest clash has only added to the already intense rivalry between Arsenal and Chelsea. Both managers have been outspoken about their desire to come out on top, and it's clear that they will stop at nothing to achieve their goals. It remains to be seen how this latest incident will impact the relationship between the two men, or if it will influence the outcome of future matches between Arsenal and Chelsea. What is clear is that tensions are high, and fans can expect plenty of drama in the coming weeks and months.