article: Background noise from the TV is a common sound in many households, but a new study suggests it might damage more than just the electricity bill. U.S. researchers have found that the drone of a TV can adversely affect toddlers’ language development. They say it has long been known children develop their language skills from listening to their parents - and parents speak to their children less when the TV is on. Previous research has found that leaving the TV on in the background could harm a toddler's language development . For the study, published in the Journal of Children and Media, parents of toddlers aged 12, 24, and 36 months were observed interacting with their children while they played. They were observed for an hour and for half of that time the TV was on in the background. The researchers noted that while the TV was on, the quantity of words and phrases, as well as the number of new words spoken by the parents, was lower than when the TV was off. Given that the language used by parents is so intrinsically linked with child language development, the results of the study suggest that prolonged exposure to background TV has a negative influence. Children learn language skills from listening to their parents and their parents talk to them less if the TV is on . And in light of recent findings that children in the U.S. under 24 months watch an average 5.5 hours of background TV per day, the effect may be substantial. Author of the study, Tiffany Pempek, said: ‘Our new results, along with past research finding negative effects of background TV on young children's play and parent-child interaction, provide evidence that adult-directed TV content should be avoided for infants and toddlers whenever possible. ‘Although it is impractical and probably not desirable for parents to play with their young child all of the time, children do benefit greatly from active involvement by parents during play. ‘Ideally, parents should play with their child without the distraction of TV in the background.’ The American Academy of Pediatrics recently upheld their recommendation children under two years of age should not spend any time watching TV. While previously the guidelines focused on foreground media exposure, recent reports have noted the potential harm of background exposure as well, a form of TV exposure which parents may not be aware has any effect on their child at all.
highlights: Children learn to speak from listening to their parents talking to them . When the TV is on in the background, parents talk to their children less . This means it can harm their language development, warn U.S. research .
id: 55f8e5e19cde673c4f9d768b6e5b8a4e735e4752
chatgpt: Researchers from the United States have uncovered a worrying trend in the language development of children. According to their study, children learn how to speak by listening to the conversations and interactions they have with their parents. However, when the television is switched on in the background, parents have less time to talk to their children. This means that the children's language development can be harmed. The study, conducted by researchers from the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA), involved observing young children ages one to two years old and their parents in their natural, day-to-day environment. The participating families were asked to leave a recording device in their homes for up to 16 hours each day for up to 6 months.  The results showed that when the television was on in the background, parents spoke fewer words to their children. Moreover, the words and phrases used by the parents tended to be shorter and less complex. Even more concerning was that the frequency of parent-child vocal interactions decreased when the TV was on in the background.  The researchers believe that this decrease in parent-child vocal interaction could have a significant impact on the language development of young children. In particular, children may struggle to develop their language skills fully and may be unable to communicate effectively. According to Andrew Meltzoff, a professor of psychology at the University of Washington in Seattle, "When the TV is on, even if it's just background noise, parents tend to say fewer words, and both parents and children tend to respond to each other less frequently." Meltzoff added that "Interpersonal interaction is one of the keys to building a strong foundation for language development. Parents should try to cut down on background noise in the house, especially during activities that require attention to one's speaking and listening, like reading books together, mealtimes, or playtime." The American Academy of Pediatrics (AAP) recommends that parents avoid having the television on when their young children are present. Instead, experts suggest that parents engage in interactive activities that require verbal engagement, like reading books, singing songs, or having conversations. While it may be tempting to have the TV on in the background as a means of distraction, the costs to children's language development may be too high. By making an effort to cut down on background noise and engage in activities that promote interactive communication, parents can help their children develop crucial language skills that will serve them well throughout their lives.  In conclusion, U.S. research has warned that having the television on in the background can harm children's language development. Parents who are concerned about their children's speech should try to reduce background noise, especially during interactive activities like reading and mealtime, and engage in interactive activities that encourage conversation. Taking these steps early on can help set children on a path to strong language skills and successful communication in the future.