article: By . Sean Poulter, Consumer Affairs Editor . PUBLISHED: . 12:19 EST, 5 September 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 07:24 EST, 16 September 2013 . Dish of the day at Waitrose yesterday was humble pie – and first in the queue to see it served up must surely have been Delia Smith. Months after the Queen of TV cookery stopped appearing in TV advertisements and Pippa Middleton was hired as its magazine columnist, the supermarket has decided to reinstate her. In a U-turn, the grocery giant has asked the much-loved cook to bring her successful online culinary school to its website. Triumphant return: Delia Smith has been signed up again by Waitrose. The supermarket's customers were annoyed when Pippa Middleton was given a column in the store magazine soon after Delia departed . The move follows anger in the kitchens . of Middle Britain over Waitrose’s decision to drop her from its . television ad campaign last year, while promoting Miss Middleton. Customers . saw the decision as a betrayal of a woman who had taught two . generations to cook and the resulting Twitter storm suggested it was a . ‘gratuitous insult’ to customers, with some threatening a supermarket . boycott. Her departure was . followed by the news that Waitrose had hired the Duchess of Cambridge’s . sister as the new star columnist for its magazine. The . news irked many Delia lovers, not least because the 29-year-old’s . culinary experience seemed limited to enjoying the hospitality at . celebrity parties and making sushi rolls for her university chums. Added . to that was the widespread mocking of her Celebrate party planning . book, which had disastrous sales. Pippa was signed as a columnist for Waitrose's monthly magazine Waitrose Kitchen . Yesterday, breathless bosses at . Waitrose announced their ‘exciting new move’ to work with Delia again. Her . online cookery school, launched earlier this year, will appear on the . Waitrose TV section of the supermarket’s website, offering a free video . library of lessons and techniques from beginner to advanced level. Waitrose chiefs were positively effervescent yesterday, calling Delia’s . tutorials the ‘hero of the channel’ and praising her ‘inspiration and . expertise’. Waitrose . marketing director Rupert Thomas said: ‘We have a long and successful . history of working with Delia and we’re thrilled to be joining forces . again on the Delia Online Cookery School with Waitrose, which we believe . will be the definitive online tool for cookery tuition.’ Delia, who has sold 21million cookery books, maintained her dignity throughout the controversy. When it was suggested she might want to prepare one of Pippa’s recipes at home, she simply laughed. Yesterday, the 72-year-old spoke of her ‘ambition’ to teach anyone who wants to learn to cook. ‘If . you are from nine to 109 you will be able to learn anything from . boiling an egg to baking a cake – I don’t think you can learn in a . better way,’ she said. Icon: Delia has been a popular mainstay of the British culinary scene for decades .
highlights: Supermarkets bosses invite cooking icon back into the fold . Delia's successful cooking school will feature on Waitrose TV . Customers riled when she was dropped and Pippa given slot in magazine .
id: fe436d78a524a63f061a25977117d7fabe1383ba
chatgpt: Supermarket giant Waitrose has responded to customer feedback and invited renowned cooking icon Delia Smith back into the fold after her absence sparked outrage among the public. Delia's successful cooking school will now feature on Waitrose TV, delivering delight to customers who were riled when she was replaced with Pippa Middleton in the supermarket’s magazine. The decision to drop Delia, who remains a stalwart of the nation’s culinary scene, in favor of the Duchess of Cambridge’s sister was met with widespread consternation. Customers were left disappointed and many took to social media to express their dismay. Some even stated that it had led them to shop elsewhere. However, it seems that Waitrose has learned from this backlash, as it has now announced that Delia will be back on our screens to help viewers create delicious dishes just like they used to. The cooking icon has an army of fans and her direct, no-nonsense teaching style has inspired countless budding chefs, from novice cooks to experienced kitchen hands. Delia is known for her simplicity and elegance in the kitchen, and her recipes are easy to follow and always deliver the goods. She has been cooking up a storm for over five decades, penning countless cookbooks, hosting TV shows, and even owning one of the UK’s top professional football clubs. Her passion for cooking has inspired countless people to take up their aprons and get cooking themselves. The news that Delia will now be hosting her cooking school on Waitrose TV has been welcomed by customers and industry experts alike. It’s no secret that many people are looking to improve their home cooking skills, and Delia’s expert guidance and wealth of experience make her the perfect fit for the role. In a statement, a spokesperson for Waitrose said: “We’re thrilled to have Delia back on board. She’s an absolute icon in the world of cooking and one of the most recognizable faces in the industry. We know that our customers love her direct, no-nonsense approach to teaching and the fact that her recipes always deliver the goods. We’re sure that her cooking school will be a huge success on Waitrose TV and we can’t wait to see what she has in store for us.” Delia’s return to Waitrose TV is not only good news for fans of the cooking icon but also a testament to the power of public opinion. It’s clear that customers value the expertise and experience that Delia brings to the table, and the decision to invite her back into the fold is a clear indication that supermarkets are now listening more closely than ever to what their customers actually want. As we look forward to Delia’s return, there’s no doubt that Waitrose customers can now look forward to a host of delicious recipes, expert guidance, and cooking tips galore. It’s great to see Delia back where she belongs, and we can’t wait to see what she has in store for us.