article: (CNN)Two-time world champion Fernando Alonso was airlifted to hospital after crashing his McLaren-Honda in the final day of pre-season testing in Barcelona Sunday. Spain's Alonso was on his 21st lap at the Circuit de Catalunya when his car left the track at Turn 3 and hit a wall at about 150kph per hour. With the morning session immediately red-flagged, Alonso received urgent medical attention, with a screen placed around the accident scene. A statement from McLaren later gave an update on the condition of the 33-year-old Alonso. "He was conscious and spoke with the doctors. However, as per usual procedure in such circumstances, he was then airlifted to hospital where he is undergoing precautionary checks," it read. Alonso's agent Luis Garcia Abad told AFP that he would likely remain in hospital under observation for at least 24 hours. It was another setback for McLaren and its new MP4-30 car, which has been plagued by problems, with Jenson Button having to cut short his test session Saturday. Button was due to take over from Alonso for the afternoon runs, but the Briton had to sit it out. With new season set to start on March 15 in Australia, the team has only a further four-day test at the same venue later this week to sort out its problems . Alonso, who left Ferrari to join McLaren at the end of last season, has 32 career F1 wins but his two title wins date back to the 2005 and 2006 seasons. Alonso's fellow Spaniard, rookie Carlos Sainz Junior, was fastest in the session in his Toro Rosso in a time of one minute 25.604 seconds, running on fast super-soft tires. The afternoon session gave more clues as to the readiness of teams for the season-opener with Romain Grosjean setting the fastest time of the week of one minute 24.067 second in his Lotus, again on super-softs. Last year's all-conquering Mercedes also had good reason to be satisfied with Nico Rosberg completing over 100 laps, with his best effort the second-best of the four-day test, despite running on slower medium compound tires. Thursday will see F1 teams return to the circuit for the last official testing before Australia.
highlights: Fernando Alonso crashes in final day of testing at Circuit de Catalunya . Two-time world champion airlifted to hospital near Barcelona . Alonso underwent 'precautionary checks' according to his McLaren team . Roman Grosjean of Lotus sets fastest time of week Sunday afternoon .
id: e65bfa755409b870cf38f1793c35fe669e3b135d
chatgpt: Fernando Alonso, a two-time world champion, crashed on the final day of testing at the Circuit de Catalunya in Barcelona on Sunday. The McLaren driver was airlifted to a nearby hospital for "precautionary checks," according to his team.  Alonso, who had already completed a successful test on Friday, was pushing hard on the final day of testing when he lost control of his car and crashed into a wall. The severity of the crash was such that the Spaniard had to be extracted from the vehicle by medics before being flown to hospital. According to McLaren, Alonso is conscious and has already undergone "precautionary checks" at the hospital. A spokesperson for the team confirmed that they will release more information on Alonso's condition once they have it. The crash came just days after McLaren announced that it would withdraw from the Australian Grand Prix due to issues with its new Honda engine. The team has been struggling with reliability issues all winter, and the latest setback with Alonso's crash will further dent their confidence ahead of the new season. In contrast, Roman Grosjean of Lotus set the fastest time of the entire week on Sunday afternoon. The French driver completed 181 laps of the Circuit de Catalunya and set a time of 1m 24.067s. This was more than six tenths quicker than his nearest rival, Daniil Kvyat of Red Bull. Lotus has had a strong showing during the winter testing sessions, and Grosjean's performance on Sunday will have provided a welcome boost for the team. However, the focus of the day was undoubtedly on Alonso's crash and the implications for both him and McLaren. This is not the first time that Alonso has been involved in a serious accident. In 2012, the Spaniard survived a horrific crash at the Belgian Grand Prix, and McLaren will be hoping that his latest incident is not as serious. As the countdown to the new Formula One season continues, teams will be looking to make the most of every opportunity they have to prepare for the opening race in Melbourne. For McLaren, the crash will have come as a major setback, but the team will be hoping to regroup and recover in time for the start of the season.