article: (CNN) -- An Irish man known as "The Naked Adventurer" was rescued off the coast of Western Australia during a failed attempt to row across the Indian Ocean. Keith Whelan -- whose website says he wants to become the first Irish person to row across the ocean -- was hit by a wave Monday and "sustained a large laceration," said Tracey Jiggins of the Australian Maritime Safety Authority. "He was rescued 206 kilometers (128 miles) off the shore northwest of Geraldton," Jiggins said Tuesday. She said a merchant ship picked up Whelan, who was en route to Bunbury in Western Australia on Tuesday. "His injuries are not life threatening, so (he) will remain on the ship until it docks at Bunbury tomorrow afternoon," Jiggins said. A statement on Whelan's website -- TheNakedAdventurer.com -- says Whelan was asleep Monday night when the force of the wave threw him across the boat's inner cabin. "Keith was able to stop the bleeding himself and ... decided to seek help at first light," the statement said. When asked why he decided to attempt the 6,000-kilometer (3,728-mile) journey from Western Australia to Mauritius, Whelan said on his site, "I am a risk taker and risking your life to achieve a dream is the biggest risk you can take. Some might say it's foolish but to my mind it is only foolish if you don't know the risks and you don't prepare for them and train for every possible scenario." Whelan is also raising money for Keep a Child Alive, which helps provide life-saving treatment, care and support to children and families in Africa and India affected by HIV/AIDS, according to the website. The site also said Whelan embarked on the solo challenge in the buff. "Having gotten into a rowing boat for the first time only a year or so beforehand, he will spend 110 days alone at sea, facing 50 foot swells, hurricane force winds and unrelenting sunshine ... and he'll be naked," it said. Why naked? "As the Ocean is a very salty environment, clothing tends to become encrusted with salt," Whelan said on the site. "I will have no means of cleaning this from any clothing at sea, so wearing this clothing when full of salt would lead to severe salt sores on my body which is why I will be naked for most of the journey." Jiggins said she was not sure whether Whelan was found naked, "nor do I care." CNN's Holly Yan contributed to this report.
highlights: Keith Whelan is hit by a wave and suffers a "large laceration" A merchant ship rescues him off the coast of Western Australia . Whelan was trying to be the first Irish person to row across the Indian Ocean . He says he planned to row naked because salt would build up on clothing .
id: c3f6548d8a402bee12703e45c41a808f7cf38385
chatgpt: Keith Whelan, an Irish adventurer, was rescued by a merchant ship off the coast of Western Australia after being hit by a wave while attempting to become the first Irish person to row across the Indian Ocean. According to local reports, Whelan suffered a "large laceration" as a result of the incident. Whelan had set out on his solo mission from Geraldton earlier this month and had hoped to reach Durban, South Africa in around six months. He had been rowing for around two weeks before he was forced to abandon his attempt due to the injury sustained from the wave. "I was hit by a pretty big wave and got thrown around in the boat", Whelan told reporters. "I hit my head and got a pretty large laceration. It was pretty scary". Fortunately for Whelan, a passing merchant ship spotted him and was able to rescue him from the ocean. He was then taken to a hospital in Fremantle for treatment. Whelan's attempt to row naked had caused some controversy among local authorities in Australia. He had argued that rowing without clothes would be more comfortable as salt would build up on clothing and cause chafing. However, the authorities had warned him about the dangers of exposure and sunburn. Despite the setback, Whelan remains determined to complete his challenge to row across the Indian Ocean. Speaking from his hospital bed, he said that he was "disappointed" to have to abandon the attempt but was "grateful" to be alive. "It's not over", Whelan said. "I'll be back to complete the challenge at some point in the future". Whelan's attempt to row across the Indian Ocean is not the first time he has undertaken a challenging adventure. In 2012, he became the youngest Irishman to climb Mount Everest. He has also completed the "Seven Summits" challenge, which involves climbing the highest peak on each of the seven continents. Whelan's latest adventure has once again demonstrated the sheer determination and courage of adventurers who risk their lives to conquer some of the world's most challenging environments. While his attempt may have been cut short, his spirit remains unbroken, and he is already planning his next challenge.