article: By . Emily Crane . A young Australian chef found beaten to death in a garage allegedly had links to an underworld drug scene. Peter Milos, 26, was found dead in a room inside a garage at Morningside in Brisbane on Tuesday afternoon. The chef, who had once co-owned a fine-dining Brisbane restaurant, had been kicked out of his Fortitude Valley apartment in February after police raided it when they suspected him of dealing drugs at a music festival, the Courier Mail reports. Upcoming chef: Peter Milos, pictured here with celebrity chef Gordon Ramsay, was found dead in a Brisbane garage on Tuesday afternoon . His landlord threw him out following the raid and a fight that took place in building where Mr Milos allegedly attacked a man with a metal bar. Police are investigating the 26-year-old's death . Police visited the apartment on Wednesday to ask neighbours about the alleged attack and people who may have visited the apartment while Mr Milos was living there. Mr Milos and his brother Daniel owned popular restaurant Mariosarti and had been photographed with celebrity chef Gordon Ramsay. His older brother Allen was arrested on drug related charges last year and is serving 13 years in jail. Mr Milos left his position at the restaurant at the beginning of 2013 to take time off to write a cookbook, according to his brother Daniel. His said he would be shocked if police focused on drugs in their investigations surrounding Mr Milos' death. 'He is no big drug kingpin. Everything he owns is in a tiny little bedroom,' Daniel told the Courier Mail. 'They can look all they want. My brother hardly has a penny to his name.' Mr Milos took to Facebook to say he was 'starting again' just days before his death, according to the Brisbane Times. Last month he alluded to life troubles when he posted: 'Now I’ll see who my real friends really are'. Police are treating Mr Milos' death as suspicious but have no suspects yet. More... Twelve police officers face misconduct probe after man arrested for threatening to kill his wife is released without charge and murders her two weeks later . Murdered prostitute found stripped naked and ‘crucified’ in Italy may have been victim of a serial killer, police believe . 'This knife business must end': Judge's plea as he hands three men life sentences for murder for bright schoolboy who wanted to be a doctor . They were called to the property at 3.50pm on Tuesday when his body was found by a female acquaintance. Police said Mr Milos was last seen at the woman's house on Sunday but they weren't sure of his movements afterwards. Fine dining: Peter co-owned Mariosarti in Brisbane with his brother Daniel .
highlights: Peter Milos, 26, was found dead in a Brisbane garage on Tuesday afternoon . He was kicked out of his apartment after police drug raids in February . Chef took to social media to say he was 'starting again' before death .
id: 82c8375630bad8e619584ac221c053d1357731e2
chatgpt: A young man was found dead in a garage in Brisbane on Tuesday afternoon. Peter Milos, who was only 26 years old, was reportedly kicked out of his apartment following police drug raids that took place in February. According to local authorities, Milos' body was found in a garage located in the inner city suburb of Albion. There were no immediate indications of foul play, but the investigation is still ongoing. Prior to his death, Milos had been active on social media, with several posts indicating that he was trying to make a fresh start. The young chef had reportedly been struggling in the wake of the police raids, which had forced him out of his apartment. In a post made just days before his death, Milos wrote that he was "starting again". The post received an outpouring of support from his followers, many of whom urged him to stay strong in the face of adversity. The news of Milos' death has left many in shock, with friends and loved ones struggling to come to terms with the loss. "He was such a sweet guy, always smiling and full of life," said one close friend. "I can't believe he's gone." The circumstances surrounding Milos' death are still unclear, but authorities have indicated that they are treating the case as suspicious. In the meantime, friends and family are grappling with the tragic loss of a young man who had so much potential ahead of him. According to those who knew him, Milos was a talented chef who had a bright future in the food industry. His passion for cooking was evident in everything he did, from his social media posts to his work in local restaurants. His death serves as a stark reminder of the dangers that can come with drug use and addiction. While the precise role that drugs may have played in his death is still unknown, it is clear that Milos was struggling with the aftermath of the police raids that had upended his life. As the investigation into his death continues, many are left to mourn the loss of a young man who was taken far too soon. Funeral arrangements have yet to be announced, but it is likely that many will gather to celebrate Milos' life and remember the impact he had on those around him.