article: By . Jason Groves . Last updated at 11:42 PM on 26th October 2011 . David Cameron issued an apology to the families of the 96 victims of the Hillsborough disaster last night after apparently suggesting they were locked in a futile search for the truth. The Prime Minister was forced into the embarrassing move following the leak of the ‘grossly offensive’ comments. In them he also voiced frustration that ministers were not getting more credit for finally agreeing to the release of secret papers relating to the 1989 tragedy. 'Grossly offensive': Labour MP Lucianna Berger has asked David Cameron to apologise over remarks he made about the Hillsborough disaster . Mr Cameron told the Liverpool Daily . Post that the campaign for justice by the Hillsborough families was . ‘like a blind man, in a dark room, looking for a black cat that isn’t . there’. He also complained about the media . coverage Labour MP Andy Burnham was receiving, adding: ‘It was this . Government that agreed to release the Hillsborough documents.’ Labour MPs seized on the comments, which they claimed were disrespectful. Luciana Berger, Labour MP for . Liverpool Wavertree, yesterday called on Mr Cameron in the Commons to . ‘withdraw these grossly offensive remarks’. The Prime Minister ducked the issue, . telling her:  ‘It is this Government that has done the right thing by . opening up the Cabinet papers and trying to help those people find the . closure they seek.’ Tragedy: 96 people died during a crush in the Leppings Lane End at Sheffield Wednesday's ground on April 15, 1989 . Never forgotten: Liverpool fans continue to display banners at their Anfield stadium calling for justice . But, within hours, he appeared to have backed down, authorising Downing Street to issue an apology. A spokesman said: ‘The Prime Minister regrets if any offence has been caused. He didn’t in any way mean any offence. Encouragement: Alison McGovern asked the Prime Minister to call on to South Yorkshire Police to release its documents . ‘He was actually expressing his sympathy for how hard it can be to find closure coming to terms with grief.’ The tragedy, which cost 96 Liverpool fans their lives in1989, was also mentioned at PMQs by Labour Alison McGovern, who represents Wirral South. She called on Mr Cameron to encourage South Yorkshire Police - the force responsible for crowd control at Sheffield Wednesday's stadium on the day of the fatal FA Cup semi final - to release its documents. She called for an independent panel reviewing the tragedy to have 'unredacted access to all papers'. Mr Cameron told her: 'The Government has done what it should in terms of the Cabinet papers, but I'm very happy to look at what you raise and come back to you.'
highlights: PM said the campaign for justice was 'like a blind man, in a dark room, looking for a black cat that isn't there . Also complained about media coverage Labour's Andy Burnham was getting .
id: 7a71b0242527b05e96a72321f09fe0230b621ea8
chatgpt: The campaign for justice is akin to a misguided attempt to locate a non-existent black cat in a dark room, according to the UK Prime Minister. Speaking at a dinner event in London, Boris Johnson bemoaned the challenges of pursuing justice relentlessly. He stated that the fight for justice may be futile, causing activists to search for something that does not exist. The Prime Minister was critical of the media coverage that Labour mayoral candidate Andy Burnham was receiving. Johnson accused the media of granting Burnham a disproportionate amount of coverage, characterizing it as a 'complete joke.' Burnham is currently a prohibitive favorite to become the next mayor of Manchester, England. His campaign message of rebuilding the city's economy and reducing inequality has been a major hit with voters. Johnson's comments about the campaign for justice are likely to spark more controversy. Many human rights activists believe that the government is not doing enough to support victims of crime, particularly related to sexual and domestic violence. The Prime Minister's remarks are expected to further alienate these groups, many of whom have grown disillusioned with the government's seeming lack of commitment to justice. Critics have alleged that Johnson's comments point to a deeper malaise affecting the government's approach to justice. They argue that underfunding and inadequate resourcing of the justice system are throwing up ever-increasing hurdles for victims seeking justice. They also cite the rise in crime rates, including homicides and serious violence, as a result of the government's inability to invest in the necessary social programs. The Prime Minister's speech addressed other pertinent issues affecting the UK, including wealth inequality and immigration. Johnson reaffirmed his commitment to "leveling up" the country, but critics have accused him of not doing enough to address systemic inequalities in communities across the UK. Meanwhile, Burnham's campaign has gained momentum despite the government's attempts to downplay his candidacy. He remains popular in the polls, with nearly half of respondents indicating that they would vote for him. Burnham has vowed to focus on tackling the root causes of crime, addressing wealth inequality and championing sustainable economic growth. As the mayoral campaign heats up, Johnson's remarks and the broader issues they represent are likely to be a major focus of media attention. Critics argue that the government's approach to justice has been ineffective and incapable of tackling rising crime rates. Johnson's comments were an indication that the government is yet to fully understand the complexities of the task at hand. Whether or not they will be able to adequately address these issues remains to be seen.