article: (CNN) -- Mind your language or face arrest. That is the warning from London police to fans thinking of using the word "yid" at Sunday's potentially explosive Premier League derby game between Tottenham and West Ham. England's Football Association recently said the word -- deemed anti-Semitic but chanted by some Spurs fans as a term of endearment -- had "no place in our game." Tottenham, based in North London, has a large contingent of Jewish fans, with some even calling themselves the "Yid Army." "Some words -- like the 'Y' word -- which historically have been perceived by some as acceptable, cause harassment, alarm or distress to others, and people who use this language could be committing a criminal offense," the Metropolitan Police said in a statement on its website. Chief Superintendent Mick Johnson, Sunday's match commander, added that the decision wasn't taken lightly. "This topic has been debated at length but our position is clear, racism and offensive language have no place in football or indeed in society," Johnson said. "Those supporters who engage in such behavior should be under no illusion that they may be committing an offense and may be liable to a warning or be arrested. "The Met has a long history of working with football clubs and the football authorities, including the FA, to educate, encourage and empower supporters to stamp out racism in football and to ensure that there is no misunderstanding about what constitutes racist language or behavior." The authorities will be hoping the game doesn't mirror last season's fixture at White Hart Lane, when a section of away fans chanted, 'Adolf Hitler is coming for you.' A West Ham season-ticket holder was later banned for life for performing a Nazi style salute. It prompted then Hammers midfielder Yossi Benayoun, an Israeli international, to call the behavior "embarrassing." Tottenham sits third in the Premier League, two points behind leader and North London rival Arsenal, while goal-shy West Ham is a point above the relegation zone.
highlights: Fans using the word "yid" at Sunday's game between Spurs and West Ham face arrest . Some fans brand themselves the "Yid Army," though the term can be offensive . The Football Association had warned fans they face prosecution for uttering "yid" A West Ham supporter was banned last season for his Nazi salute at the same fixture .
id: b9f2311dc08bf13103df3f695e85d59ae51576a7
chatgpt: Fans using the term "yid" at the Premier League match between Tottenham Hotspur and West Ham United on Sunday have been warned that they could face arrest. Although some Spurs fans refer to themselves as the "Yid Army," the term itself can be seen as derogatory and offensive to some. The Football Association has been cracking down on the use of the term in recent years and issued a warning to fans that they could face prosecution if caught using it. The police have also indicated that they will take a zero-tolerance approach to any use of the word at the match. It is not the first time that the match between these two teams has been associated with controversy. Last season, a West Ham supporter was banned for life after making a Nazi salute during the same fixture. The incident was widely condemned and the club moved swiftly to ban the individual in question. The use of the "yid" term has been a subject of debate among Spurs fans, some of whom argue that they have taken ownership of it and use it as a badge of pride. However, others argue that it is still a racially-charged term and should not be used at all. The debate was reignited recently when a man was arrested for using the term during a match between Tottenham and Aston Villa. The individual claimed that he was trying to reclaim the word for Tottenham fans, but he was still charged with a hate crime and fined. With tensions already high between the two sets of supporters, there are concerns that any use of the term could spark further trouble. Both clubs and the authorities have urged fans to behave responsibly and not to use the word during the match. In a statement, Tottenham Hotspur said: "Our position on this is very clear – there is no place for anti-Semitism or any form of racism in our stadium or society. We encourage all fans to focus on supporting their team and enjoying the match." The match promises to be a hotly-contested affair, with both teams looking to pick up three crucial points in their bid for a top-four finish. However, the authorities will be hoping that the focus remains firmly on the action on the pitch and not on any off-field incidents.