article: By . Daily Mail . PUBLISHED: . 11:10 EST, 30 July 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 12:20 EST, 30 July 2012 . Reginald Johnson, 69, was caught with nearly £700 worth of crack cocaine under his hat . A pensioner caught with nearly £700 of crack cocaine hidden in his woolly hat was told by a judge that he should be enjoying his retirement instead. Reginald 'Shaggy' Johnson, 69, was pulled over by police when they spotted him driving 'somewhat strangely' down the busy A19 in September last year. A court heard officers then search the Vauxhall Omega car and discovered 6.8g of crack cocaine, worth £682, tucked inside a beanie hat that Johnson had been attempting to hide. Johnson was today jailed at Teesside Crown Court by Judge Taylor - who told him he should be enjoying his retirement. Mrs Sue Jacobs, prosecuting, told the court how police targeted the pensioner because his car was being driven ‘somewhat strangely.’ Mrs Jacobs said that the pensioner claimed he had been visiting a friend in Huddersfield who had left the hat in his car but in fact he had bought the drugs locally to share with a friend. Johnson has previously received a five-year jail sentence in 2007 for conspiracy to supply crack cocaine. The court heard Johnson occasionally puts a bet on the horses but that he also occasionally smoked crack. Jailed: Johnson was sentenced to 18 months in prison for possession of crack cocaine with intent to supply at Teesside Crown Court (pictured) Johnson, from Middlesbrough, was jailed for 18 months after he pleaded guilty to possession of crack cocaine with intent to supply. Passing sentence, Judge Taylor added: 'He should be reaching the stage of his life where he enjoys pensioner status on the outside and not the inside. 'I have no choice but to impose a custodial sentence, but bearing in mind your age and the particular circumstances I am going to be merciful. 'Let me give you this warning, that if you appear in court again for a similar offence it would be a minimum starting point of seven years.'
highlights: Reginald 'Shaggy' Johnson, 69, jailed for 18 months .
id: 3ec7573e6569fb8947fcb26ca8b2b4156093c5e1
chatgpt: Reginald 'Shaggy' Johnson, a 69-year-old man from the small town of Willow Creek, has been sentenced to 18 months in prison on charges of theft and fraud. Johnson, a retired construction worker, was convicted of stealing thousands of dollars from elderly residents in the town. Johnson's crimes first came to light when a number of elderly residents reported that their cash and valuables had gone missing. The local police department launched an investigation, which led them to Johnson's doorstep. Through reviewing security footage, they were able to piece together a clear picture of Johnson's modus operandi. Johnson would make regular visits to the homes of elderly residents, supposedly to offer them assistance with household tasks or to run errands for them. Once inside, he would then surreptitiously steal cash and valuables, often taking advantage of the residents' physical limitations or cognitive impairments to do so. According to the prosecution, Johnson had amassed thousands of dollars in stolen goods and cash over the course of several years. He was finally caught after a particularly brazen theft, in which he stole an expensive piece of jewelry from an elderly woman's home. Despite his advanced age, Johnson was given the maximum sentence available for his crimes. The judge presiding over his case noted that Johnson's actions had caused immeasurable harm to some of the town's most vulnerable residents, and that he had shown no remorse for his actions. The news of Johnson's sentencing has been met with mixed reactions from the people of Willow Creek. While some have expressed relief that a serial thief has been brought to justice and prevented from preying on the town's elderly residents any longer, others have expressed sympathy for Johnson himself, noting that he is an elderly man who is unlikely to pose a threat to society. Regardless of public opinion, however, the consequences of Johnson's actions will be long-lasting. The victims of his crimes have been left with a sense of violated trust and vulnerability, and it will take time for the community to heal from the hurt he has caused.