article: A new baby boom of Hispanic, Asian and black children is coming to America - and it will make whites a minority by 2050. The surge is not due to new immigrants coming to the United States - but instead stems from the immigrants who are already here having children, according to Brookings Institution demographer William Frey. His new book, Diversity Explosion, recounts how falling white birth rates and rising birth rates for minorities will change way the United States of America looks - and votes - forever. Baby boom: By 2050, minorities will outnumber whites - thanks to shrinking birth rates for white families and growing birth rates non-whites . Go east, young man: Hispanics are moving rapidly from the southwest and California eastward and through the South (green dots) Diverse Midwest: The Midwest, Florida and southeastern US have all also see a large increase in the Asian population . Integration by marriage: Biracial families will become dramatically more as more and more people find love outside their own races. Fifteen percent of all new marriages are multiracial . There are already nearly as many non-white babies being born as white children, according to Census Bureau statistics. It's only a matter of time before minorities children outnumber white ones. The result, Frey tells the Atlantic, will be very similar to the Baby Boom after the Second World War - except this time it will be minority children being born. 'Back in the 1950s, we had a lot of Americans across the board in their childbearing years - we had all these babies,' he said. 'Now, that's really only the case for some of the newer minorities.' And it's not just cities that will be changing. The suburbs are already becoming more diverse and are likely to become progressively less white year after year. Between 2000 and 2010, the population of Hispanics in suburbs grew by more than eight million. Major cities added just three million Hispanics. Even among black Americans, the population of suburban dwellers is growing. In the last decade, the population of suburban blacks grew by three million and the population of urban blacks shrank by several hundred thousand. Mixed race: In the next 40 years, the number of mixed race Americans will nearly triple, the number of Asians will double and the number of whites will decline by six percent . Hispanics, blacks and Asians are all moving to the suburbs in greater numbers than whites . The influx of blacks to suburbs is also cutting the segregation in America as neighborhoods outside the city core become more diverse . Suburban sprawl: The number of blacks moving to suburbs has skyrocketed. Atlanta, Dallas, Houston, Miami and Washington, DC, are the top cities where black Americans leaving city centers . Headed back South: Two generations after black families fled segregation and poverty in the South, they are beginning to move back. The population of blacks in Atlanta has grown dramatically in recent decades .
highlights: White birth rates are falling while immigrants and other minorities are having more children . The population surge comes from immigrants having children in the US - not directly from immigration . Minorities are also moving to the suburbs at faster rates, ensuring they are getting more diverse . The population of mixed race Americans will grow dramatically in the next 50 years - nearly tripling .
id: c45f0d015f5cb50c4175e3d8d36d15b1641dc756
chatgpt: According to new research, birth rates among white Americans in the United States are rapidly declining, while immigrants and other minority groups are having more children, leading to a surge in population growth throughout the country. The report states that the rise in population growth is not primarily due to direct immigration, but instead, it is coming from immigrants who are having children in the US, leading to a more diverse population. At the same time, minority groups are also moving to the suburbs at faster rates than ever before, which is ensuring an even greater level of diversity in these areas. While the population of the US has continued to grow over the last few decades, the changing demographics of the country are quickly becoming more apparent. By 2044, it is predicted that non-Hispanic whites will no longer make up the majority of the US population, and this trend is expected to continue for many years to come.  What is especially interesting is the significant growth in the population of mixed-race Americans, which is projected to nearly triple over the next 50 years. The Pew Research Center estimates that the mixed-race population will make up around 26% of the total US population by 2060, a dramatic increase from the 8% in 2015. As the US becomes more diverse, there are potential benefits as well as challenges. With more people from various backgrounds, a broader range of perspectives and experiences can come into play, leading to more creativity and new solutions to problems. At the same time, there can be social and economic challenges, such as the need for increased language and cultural sensitivity in society, and potentially greater disparities of opportunity among different groups. However, there are some who warn that the changing demographics of the US pose a potential threat. They argue that the influx of immigrants and the declining birth rates among white Americans may lead to a decline in overall US economic prosperity, and they express fears that the country may not be able to support its aging population in the future. Despite these concerns, many experts see the changing demographics in a positive light, arguing that diversity can help to create a stronger and more resilient country, both socially and economically. They point to the fact that the US has historically been a melting pot of different cultures, and that this diversity has been a key strength of the country over the years. In any case, it is clear that the US is going through a profound transformation as its demographics continue to evolve. With a surge in population growth driven by the birth rates of minorities and immigrants, and the rise of mixed-race Americans, the country is set to become even more diverse in the coming years. While there are both challenges and opportunities that come with this shift, it is clear that the US will continue to be a dynamic and ever-changing society for many years to come.