article: By . Paul Thompson . PUBLISHED: . 11:32 EST, 28 October 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 11:34 EST, 28 October 2013 . A teenager has been left paralyzed after a freak hunting accident that saw a tow rope damage his spine. Kevin Wayne Jr, 17, was watching a dead elk being pulled behind a truck when the rope attached to the animal suddenly snapped. The teen, from Seattle, Washington, was hit across the neck by the rope, leaving him paralyzed and unable to speak. Kevin Wayne, Jr. (pictured) was injured in a freak accident that left him paralyzed from the neck down and breathing with the help of a ventilator . Doctors fear the teen may never be able to walk again. His parents have quit their jobs to be by their son's bedside as he struggles recover. Friends have started a donation fund to help the family with their mounting medical bills. The tragedy took place on October 18th while Wayne J was out hunting with a group of friends near Greenwater, Oregon. After successfully felling one of the elk, the animal was attached to a truck with the rope suddenly snapping and lashing across the teen's neck. 'They were pulling the animal up the hill. It [the rope] snapped back and hit him in the back of the neck said the boy’s mum Aurea Gonzales. Wayne Jr. was airlifted to Harborview Medical Center for treatment. He has undergone surgery on his neck and has shown the first sign of improvement - being able to move his arm. Family member Teresa Gonzales said his parents didn't have jobs that provided health care benefits. Teresa has started a donation page on the GoFundMe website. In her appeal for donations she wrote: 'On Friday, October 18, my grand nephew, Kevin Wayne, Jr. was injured in a freak accident that left him paralyzed from the neck down and breathing with the help of a ventilator. 'October 24th was his 17th birthday. His parents are by his side 24/7 and both have had to leave their jobs. 'My niece and her partner, the mother and father, need financial assistance to get through this immediate crisis until a longer-term funding source can be established. 'Friends and family are exhausting their own resources to pay for gas, parking, food, etc. Any and all financial help is welcome.' After several people made online donations she added: 'We are overwhelmed with your generosity. 'This is a sad and difficult time for us but your warmth and thoughtfulness is giving us the strength we need to carry on. This will be a long and difficult road.'
highlights: Kevin Wayne was hit across the neck by the rope, leaving him paralyzed and unable to speak . The teen was hunting with friends near Greenwater, Oregon .
id: 9211378b2096eaf0358bfb95f678d0945b093d7b
chatgpt: A tragic hunting accident in Greenwater, Oregon has left a local teen paralyzed and unable to speak. Kevin Wayne, a young man who enjoyed spending time outdoors with his friends, was struck across the neck by a rope while on a hunting expedition with his peers. The group had been out in the wilderness when the accident occurred. It is unclear exactly how it happened, but it appears that the rope may have become tangled or caught on something, causing it to snap back and strike Wayne with a forceful blow. Emergency responders were quickly called to the scene, and Wayne was transported to a nearby hospital for treatment. Despite the best efforts of doctors and medical staff, however, his injuries proved too severe to be fully overcome. In the end, Wayne was left partially paralyzed and unable to communicate. The news of the accident has rocked the small town of Greenwater, where Wayne was well-known and beloved by many. Friends and family members have been quick to come together in support of him, expressing their deep sadness and shock at what has happened. Many have also been quick to reflect on the danger inherent in outdoor sports like hunting, and are urging others to take extra precautions when engaging in these types of activities. Accidents can happen in an instant, and even the most experienced outdoorsmen and women can fall victim to unexpected mishaps. For Wayne's loved ones, the road ahead will be long and difficult. Rehabilitation and recovery will undoubtedly be a slow and challenging process, and there will be many obstacles to overcome. Nevertheless, they are determined to rally around him and do whatever it takes to help him on his journey. In the meantime, the community at large is also rallying around them, pouring out their love and support in many different ways. Fundraisers and benefit events are being held to help cover medical costs and support Wayne's ongoing care, and local businesses have pledged their support to his family in whatever ways they can. In the end, the accident that befell Kevin Wayne is a tragic reminder of the fragility of life, and the importance of cherishing every moment we have with those we love. We can only hope that he will continue to receive the support and care he needs to make a full recovery, and that others will be inspired to take extra care in their own outdoor pursuits moving forward.