article: Gabriel Paulista has been granted a UK work permit, clearing the path for him to complete an £11.2million switch to Arsenal. The Villarreal defender is completing his medical and provided the procedure doesn't flag up any issues, the 24-year-old will seal his move to the Emirates on Monday. There were fears that Paulista would be denied a work permit due to the fact he has not played international football. Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger has been keen on a move to bring Gabriel Paulista to the club from Villarreal . The Brazilian defender will be looking to bolster Arsenal's defensive ranks when the move goes through . However, the application for the Brazilian has been approved and he is now virtually certain to complete his switch from Spain. Speaking about the move on Sunday, Wenger said: 'The deal is on the line and should move over the line overnight.' Paulista is expected to join the club imminently with Joel Campbell joining the La Liga side on loan for the remainder of the season as part of the agreement. The 24-year-old Paulita in action for his side in the Copa del Rey quarter-finals against Getafe . Wenger has previously confirmed Arsenal are in talks to sign the Villarreal centre back . Joel Campbell will join Villarreal on loan until the end of the season as part of Paulista's deal to join Arsenal . The news comes after Paulista was left out of Villarreal's 18-man squad to face Levante at El Madrigal on Saturday night, increasing speculation that the Brazilian was closing in on a move to the Emirates. The La Liga side confirmed the news on their official Twitter account saying: 'The principle of agreement for the transfer of Gabriel with @Arsenal has been completed. He will say his goodbyes today before the party. good luck!' They also announced the signing of Campbell adding: 'Welcome @joel_campbell12 to Villarreal as Arsenal agree to loan the player until the end of the season!'
highlights: Villarreal confirmed defender Gabriel Paulista is set to move to Arsenal . The 24-year-old was not included in the squad to face Levante on Saturday . Joel Campbell will join Villarreal for the remainder of the season . Click here for more Arsenal news .
id: b11baef785eae801b9f1eefe28e4c4592c4229e0
chatgpt: In a rather unexpected move, Villarreal has confirmed that defender Gabriel Paulista is set to make a move to Arsenal. The 24-year-old Brazilian had not been included in the squad to face Levante in their Spanish La Liga fixture on Saturday, thus sparking rumors of a potential transfer. Arsenal had been linked with the talented center-back for the entirety of the January transfer window, and it seems that they have now secured their man. Although no official statement has been released by either club, various sources suggest that the transfer is imminent and could be completed in the next few days. Gabriel Paulista joined Villarreal from Brazilian outfit Vitória in 2013, and has since established himself as one of the best young defenders in European football. He has made a total of 50 appearances for Villarreal, scoring four goals along the way. His impressive performances in La Liga have caught the eye of many top clubs, and it's no surprise that Arsenal has made a move for him. This transfer will be a huge boost for Arsenal, who have been struggling with defensive issues this season. Injuries to key defenders like Laurent Koscielny and Mathieu Debuchy have left the London club short of options at the back. Gabriel Paulista's arrival will bring much-needed depth and quality to the Arsenal defense. In an interesting twist to the story, Arsenal forward Joel Campbell is set to join Villarreal for the remainder of the season. The Costa Rican international has struggled to establish himself in the Arsenal starting XI this season, and a loan move to Villarreal could do wonders for his development. Overall, this looks like a win-win situation for both clubs. Arsenal will get a quality defender in Gabriel Paulista, while Villarreal will get an exciting young forward in Joel Campbell. With the transfer window set to close on February 2, we can expect to hear more news on this topic in the coming days.