article: By . Sam Webb . PUBLISHED: . 16:20 EST, 3 September 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 03:02 EST, 4 September 2013 . Few bosses are as willing to put their money where their mouth is when it comes to the company's products as Claes Nilsson. The president of Volvo Trucks has so much confidence in the toughness of the Swedish manufacturer's vehicles that he appeared in a video standing on the new FMX model as it dangles 65ft above the sea from a crane. 'Well, I have to admit I had butterflies in my tummy and I certainly did wonder more than once about what I'd let myself in for. I'm no mountain-climber and I don't like heights,' he said. Scroll down for video . Confident: Claes Nilsson, president of Volvo Trucks, stood on the latest model as it was suspended above the sea by its tow hook . Vertigo: Mr Nilsson admits he is afraid of heights but agreed to do the short film anyway . 'But I'd promised to do the stunt so I couldn't very well back out.' He had to spend almost two hours standing on the front panel of a Volvo FMX construction truck that had been hoisted high above the water in Gothenburg harbour in Sweden. The stunt was undertaken to show that the truck's front towing hook can handle far greater stresses than those to which it is normally subjected. Incredibly there was not trick filming or special effects, just Mr Nilsson standing atop the suspended truck. The film was shot from a helicopter. Everything had been prepared in advance down to the tiniest detail. The stunt was undertaken to show that the truck's front towing hook can handle far greater stresses than those to which it is normally subjected . No CGI trickery or filming tricks were used in the creation of the incredible film . 'The difficulty is to shoot the entire film in one take from a helicopter,' says Filip Nilsson of Folke Film, who directed the viral' 'I'm really impressed by Claes Nilsson, who stayed cool and focused throughout the two hours while hanging 20 metres up in the air. I tried it myself, but just for 15 minutes. 'It was pretty scary I can tell you.' This is not the first time Volvo Trucks has filmed spectacular tests featuring their trucks. 'The Ballerina Stunt' saw tightrope walker Faith Dickey balance on a slackline between two trucks driving at full speed. It has now been seen by 7 million people on Youtube.
highlights: Claes Nilsson bravely trusts the toughness of a new model's towing hook . The vehicle was dangled over a harbour for a short film . Intrepid exec said: 'I'd promised to do the stunt so couldn't back out'
id: 6efa1bcff3e1acf7db7cefff38e0d3ec08f92c38
chatgpt: Claes Nilsson, the Senior Vice President of Volvo Trucks, has proven his confidence in the company's latest models with a daring feat. The intrepid executive put his trust in the toughness of a new model's towing hook, when the vehicle was dangled over a harbour for a short film. The stunt was a bold demonstration of the strength and durability of Volvo Trucks' latest towing hooks, and Nilsson's willingness to take part in it only cemented the company's reputation for producing reliable and dependable vehicles. "I'd promised to do the stunt, so I couldn't back out," Nilsson said after the event. "But I also genuinely believe in the quality of our products. I knew that the towing hook would hold, and that the truck was up to the challenge." The short film saw the vehicle suspended over Stockholm's harbour, with Nilsson calmly sitting in the driver's seat as the truck swung to and fro above the water. The purpose of the stunt was to show off the strength and durability of the new model's towing hook, which is designed to withstand extreme forces and conditions. Nilsson's bravery helped to underline the company's commitment to quality and safety, with Volvo Trucks positioning itself as a leader in the industry when it comes to producing vehicles that can stand up to the toughest challenges. The video of the stunt quickly went viral, with people around the world sharing their amazement at the audacity of the stunt and the strength of Volvo Trucks' latest models. For the company, the stunt was a valuable demonstration of its commitment to innovation and product development. With the towing hook being such an important part of many of its vehicles, it was essential that the company could show customers just how strong and reliable it was. Thanks to the bravery of Nilsson, it was able to do just that. Looking to the future, Volvo Trucks will no doubt continue to push the boundaries of what is possible when it comes to the durability and strength of its vehicles. And with executives like Nilsson willing to put their trust in the company and its products, there is no doubt that it will continue to be a force to be reckoned with in the industry.