article: President Barack Obama may have a phone and pen, but outgoing Gov. Rick Perry of Texas says he has the grounds for a lawsuit if he uses either. Speaking at the Republican Governors Association annual meeting in Boca Raton, Florida, on Wednesday, Perry said "there's probably a very real possibility" that Texas could sue the White House if the administration takes executive action on immigration. "I'll speak from our perspective in the state of Texas," Perry said. "The cost to the people of the state of Texas is an extraordinary amount of money that this President is exacerbating with his announcement that he's going to allow for this executive order." The President is expected to announce his executive action plan Thursday in a prime time address. Sources familiar with the plan tell CNN that the plan includes deferring deportation for the parents of U.S. citizens, a move that would affect up to 3.5 million people. Perry will serve as until January, after which Texas Attorney General Greg Abbott, also a Republican, will assume the governorship. Perry says that lawsuit would be in good hands with Abbott. "When he (Abbott) was asked, what do you do (as attorney general for the past six years)? He said, 'I go to the office. I sue Obama, and I go home.' " Asked whether he believed Texas will have the standing to challenge the implementation of the executive order, Perry answered, "I do." Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker, another potential 2016 contender, also said that he would also consider legal action against the administration. "I wouldn't push a shutdown," Walker said, sitting next to Perry on stage. "I would go to the courts because I think there's a pretty compelling argument." "I think you would be hard-pressed to find anybody -- other than a partisan Democrat -- who wouldn't say this is illegal." This is not the first time the former White House contender has backed a lawsuit against the administration. In 2012, Perry publicly supported a suit against the White House over the issue of contraception. Chris Christie hedges on Obama immigration plan .
highlights: Gov. Rick Perry says Texas might sue over executive action on immigration . Perry says he thinks his state has the legal grounds to move forward with a lawsuit . This is not the first time Perry has backed a lawsuit against the administration .
id: 1997b0c4d018fb2be519a81c4cf7ad5a0bc9376e
chatgpt: Texas Governor Rick Perry has stated that he is considering a possible lawsuit against the Obama administration over its recent executive action on immigration. Perry believes that his state has the legal grounds to move forward with a lawsuit. This is not the first time that Perry has taken a stand against the administration. Previously, he backed a lawsuit against the federal government over the implementation of the Affordable Care Act, which passed in 2010. The executive action on immigration allows for certain illegal immigrants to apply for temporary legal status and work permits. However, Perry and other Republican lawmakers have argued that this is an overreach of presidential power and undermines their ability to legislate on the issue. In a statement released by his office, Perry said, "The president's decision to bypass Congress and grant amnesty to millions of illegal immigrants is a direct violation of the Constitution and his oath of office. Texas has a duty to protect its citizens and its laws, and we believe we have grounds to challenge this action in court." Perry's stance on this issue is not surprising, given his long history of opposition to undocumented immigrants. In 2014, he made headlines for mobilizing the Texas National Guard to the state's border with Mexico in an attempt to halt illegal immigration. However, experts have suggested that a lawsuit against the executive action on immigration may face significant legal challenges. The Supreme Court has previously ruled that the executive branch has wide discretion when it comes to immigration policy. Critics of Perry's position have also argued that his focus on this issue is politically motivated. Perry is currently considering a run for president in 2016 and many believe that his hardline stance on immigration is an attempt to appeal to conservative voters. Despite these challenges, Perry remains determined to pursue legal action against the administration. "We will not sit idly by while the president undermines the rule of law," he said. "Texas will fight to uphold the Constitution and protect our sovereignty."