article: John Terry used Saturday’s programme notes to pay homage to Lord Attenborough ahead of Chelsea’s first home game after the film director passed away. The Oscar-winning Blues fan died at the age of 90 last month and Chelsea have been keen to decorate his life. They dedicated the front of their programme before facing Swansea City at Stamford Bridge to Attenborough, with the captain choosing to start his address to pen a few words - continuing the classy fashion with which they have marked the legend’s passing. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Richard Attenborough: A look back at archive footage . John Terry used Saturday’s programme notes to pay homage to Chelsea fan Lord Attenborough . ‘We have lost a huge Chelsea fan, our Life President but, more importantly a tremendous man,’ Terry wrote. ‘Until the past few years he and his family were always here supporting us and he would come down to the dressing room and the manager always welcomed him. ‘He had many fond memories of the great teams he was involved with, which the players loved to hear, and he had great relationships with the old players and current ones as well. There was a minute's silence for Lord Attenborough before Chelsea and Swansea kicked off . As well as John Terry, Jose Mourinho and other Chelsea greats paid tribute to Attenborough. ‘What he did in the film world was unbelievable and films I watched growing up my kids now watch and they are still greats. ‘He was a true gentleman and will always be remembered. He meant the world to us and I know Chelsea Football Club meant the world to him.’ Chelsea wore black armbands and held a minute's appreciation before kick-off, while club greats Ron Harris, Tommy Docherty and Gianfranco Zola also paid tribute in the programme. New Chelsea signing Loic Remy warms up as Jose Mourinho's side prepare to face Swansea . Thibaut Courtois recently signed a new five-year deal with Chelsea, casting doubt over Petr Cech's future . There was also a minute's silence for Lord Attenborough before Chelsea kicked off against Swansea. The Oscar-winning film director was a huge Chelsea fan and the club made sure he was remembered at Stamford Bridge. As well as John Terry, Jose Mourinho and other Chelsea greats paid tribute to Attenborough.
highlights: Chelsea face Swansea in Premier League . Blues fan Richard Attenborough recently passed away . John Terry paid tribute to the actor in his programme notes .
id: 34e92886c10d92690b393440bd25c287b1e187f9
chatgpt: In a clash between two Premier League clubs, Chelsea faced off against Swansea City at the Stamford Bridge stadium. However, the game was not the only thing on the minds of Chelsea fans, as the recent passing of legendary actor and long-time Blues supporter, Richard Attenborough, was also being mourned. The match began with a minute’s silence to pay tribute to Attenborough, a dedicated Chelsea fan who also served as the club’s honorary life vice-president. In his programme notes for the game, Chelsea captain John Terry took a moment to honour the acting legend and express his condolences to his family. Terry wrote, “It was with great sadness that we learned of the passing of Richard Attenborough, Life Vice President of our beloved club. He was one of the most dedicated supporters we have ever had, and his presence will be sorely missed. On behalf of the team, I extend our heartfelt condolences to his family and loved ones.” Throughout his life, Attenborough was a great advocate for the sport of football and especially for his beloved Chelsea. He was a regular attendee at Chelsea games, and his passionate support for the club earned him respect and admiration from both players and fans alike. With his passing, the Blues have lost not only a valued supporter, but a true icon of the entertainment industry. The game on Saturday was a bittersweet affair for Chelsea fans, as the team ultimately clinched a narrow 1-0 win over Swansea. The lone goal of the game was scored by Spanish striker Diego Costa, who netted his first Premier League goal in his Chelsea debut. However, the victory was tinged with sadness as fans and players alike remembered the loss of Attenborough. As the final whistle sounded, fans at Stamford Bridge held up banners and scarves in tribute to the late actor, celebrating his life and the passion he had for both Chelsea and football at large. Though his presence will surely be missed, it is certain that Attenborough’s memory will live on in the hearts of all who loved him. In conclusion, while Chelsea’s victory on the pitch was cause for celebration, the loss of Richard Attenborough was felt deeply throughout the stadium. Nevertheless, the outpouring of love and support from fans and players alike demonstrated that Attenborough’s legacy will continue to inspire and uplift those who were lucky enough to know him.