article: By . Steve Nolan . PUBLISHED: . 06:11 EST, 26 November 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 03:32 EST, 27 November 2013 . Hertz is being sued by one of its customers after he was allegedly racially abused by employees of the car rental firm on Facebook. Maurice Howard, 27, filed the complaint against the firm last week after staff at Hertz Rent-A-Car at Maui Airport, Hawaii, took to the social networking site to insult him in Pidgin English after he had hired a vehicle there. Mr Howard's attorney, Burton Gould, described the employee's comments as a 'hate crime' in a statement. Legal action: A 27-year-old man is suing car hire firm Hertz over allegations that members of staff racially abused him on Facebook (file picture) The group of employees allegedly took to Facebook in February 2012 to describe Mr Howard as a pretentious black man who rented impressive cars including BMWs. They mocked Mr Howard claiming that his credit card was often declined. The posts use terminology that Mr Howard's lawyers claim imply that he is a black man of low social status who aspires, in a crude manner, to appear to be of higher status. A post by another employee, Samantha Chun, reads: 'Run that faka over!!! lol.' Suing: Maurice Howard is also attempting to sue Facebook claiming that is violated its anti-bullying policy by allowing the posts which appeared in February 2012 . One of the members of staff named in the law suit, Shawn Akina, allegedly described Mr Howard as a 'broke ass faka who act like he get planny money'. Mr Howard is also taking legal action against . Facebook claiming that the site violated its policy banning content that . could be seen as bullying or causing emotional distress. His lawyer claims that his client's civil rights were violated and cites negligence on the part of both Hertz and Facebook for allowing the group to mock him. According to the Huffington Post, the Lawsuit says: 'Clearly the posting attacking and bullying Howard is a prima facie case of Facebook's own definition of "harmful content". 'Moreover, these same individuals, continue to have accounts on Facebook, despite Facebook's policies which explicitly state that such "harmful content" being posted on Facebook is grounds an individual's account be terminated.' The group of employees were all either fired or resigned following the incident, according to the lawsuit. The posts were reportedly deleted once Mr Howard was made aware of them. Hawaii Pidgin English is a form of Creole language based on English and used by many residents of Hawaii in everyday conversation. It was originally used as a form of communication between English speaking residents and non English speakers and is influenced by a range of languages including Portuguese and Cantonese. Hawaii's official languages are English and Hawaiian. Many natives of Hawaii, pictured, speak Hawaii pidgin in everyday life .
highlights: Maurice Howard was allegedly mocked by staff at Maui Airport Hertz . They 'described him as a pretentious black man who rented high performance cars' It's alleged he was referred to as a 'broke ass faka who act like he get planny money'
id: d2fad138713c6c78eb44aaea023933c68cb7bf62
chatgpt: Maurice Howard, a resident of Maui, Hawaii, has made some shocking allegations against the staff at a local Hertz car rental service. According to Howard, employees at the Maui Airport Hertz mocked him in a racist manner, describing him as a "pretentious black man who rented high-performance cars." Howard claims that he was referred to as a "broke ass faka who act like he get planny money." For those unfamiliar with local slang, this roughly translates to "poor guy who acts like he has a lot of money." The incident reportedly took place when Howard arrived at the Maui Airport Hertz to rent a vehicle. Howard, who is a successful businessman, says that he was dressed in casual clothing but had a designer handbag with him. According to Howard, the Hertz employees made fun of him for his appearance and accused him of trying to show off his wealth. "It was a really humiliating experience," Howard told reporters. "I couldn't believe that this was happening to me in 2021. It's just not acceptable." Howard believes that he was targeted because of his race. He says that the employees he interacted with were all white and that he was the only black person in the rental office at the time. The incident has sparked outrage among members of the local community, with many calling for an investigation into Hertz's hiring and training practices. Some have also started a social media campaign using the hashtag #BoycottHertz, urging others to take their business elsewhere. Hertz has responded to the allegations, saying that they take the matter very seriously and are conducting an internal investigation. In a statement, the company said: "Hertz does not tolerate any form of discrimination or racism in our workplace or in the services we provide. We are deeply concerned about the allegations made by Mr. Howard and are conducting a thorough investigation to determine what happened." This is not the first time that Hertz has faced criticism for its treatment of customers. In 2018, a customer in Florida sued the company for discrimination, claiming that she was kicked out of a rental office because she was wearing a hijab. As for Maurice Howard, he says that he hopes his story will encourage others to come forward if they have experienced similar discrimination. "I think it's important for people to speak up when they've been mistreated," he said. "That's the only way things will change."  The investigation is ongoing, and we will keep you updated on any further developments in this story.