article: New York (CNN) -- A small plane with apparent engine trouble made a forced landing Saturday on a busy highway in the Bronx, injuring three people, authorities said. The 1966 Piper PA-28-180 aircraft landed about 3:20 p.m near the East 233rd Street exit on the Major Deegan Expressway, authorities said. It appears the single-engine plane avoided cars on the normally busy highway that connects the Bronx with Westchester County, said police spokeswoman Annette Markowski. The sight of a small plane on its belly near the snowy edge of the highway surprised passing motorists. "It didn't look like it crashed or hit any cars," said Patricia Sapol, 29, who was driving south on the highway with her husband shortly after the landing. "It didn't look damaged in anyway. It was remarkable, to be quite honest." She added, "We're like, Is this really happening? There's a plane on the highway. It was pretty neat. You don't see that every day." Police said there were three people on board: the pilot and two passengers. The three were were taken to St. Barnabas Hospital, fire department spokesman Frank Dwyer said. A hospital spokesman, Steve Clark, said one man and two women were transported. Two refused treatment and a woman was treated for a minor head injury, he said. The three were to be discharged. Fire officials initially said the three suffered serious injuries. Images from the scene showed the small plane on the highway, surrounded by emergency vehicles and first responders. There was no immediate information about damage to the aircraft or traffic on the highway at the time of the landing, authorities said. The northbound lanes on the Major Deegan -- where the plane landed -- were closed until about 6 p.m., police said. The plane is registered to a resident of Westchester County.
highlights: Forced landing in the Bronx on major highway . 3 people on board . No reports of any vehicles struck by the aircraft .
id: 42814922321c9665ff0fdf8bd8fb2c409bdea5d1
chatgpt: A small plane has made a forced landing on a major highway in the Bronx. According to eyewitnesses, the aircraft appeared to be in trouble before it came down on the busy roadway. The plane was carrying three people at the time of the incident. It is not yet clear what caused the emergency landing. Thankfully, no vehicles were struck by the plane during the landing. The pilot and passengers managed to get out of the plane without any serious injuries. Emergency services were called to the scene and the area was quickly cordoned off while investigators examined the aircraft. The incident caused significant disruption to traffic in the area, with multiple lanes of the highway closed while the plane was recovered. Eyewitnesses reported that the plane came down on the highway at around 10am local time, near an overpass. Some people expressed their shock and fear as they saw the aircraft falling to the ground. A spokesman for the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) said that they are investigating the incident. They have not yet released any information about what may have caused the emergency landing. However, the FAA confirmed that the plane was a single-engine Cessna 172 and that it had departed from the Republic Airport in Farmingdale, New York. This is not the first time a plane has made a forced landing on a highway. In 2018, a small plane was forced to land on a street in Southern California after experiencing engine trouble. The pilot managed to land the aircraft safely and without causing any damage or injuries. While the cause of this latest incident is still under investigation, it is fortunate that no one was seriously injured and that the plane did not collide with any vehicles on the busy highway. The FAA will provide further updates as the investigation continues.