article: (CNN)  -- Didier Drogba is backing his Ivory Coast team to make history by becoming the first African country to reach the final of the World Cup next year. Drogba is contemplating a big challenge by the Ivory Coast in South Africa. The Chelsea striker scored the decisive goal as the Elephants sealed their place in South Africa with a 1-1 draw against Malawi on Saturday, but he is now looking ahead to the finals with relish. "It is going to be a challenge," the 31-year-old told reporters. "To make it to the final will not be easy because there are great teams like Brazil and Germany who have won the World Cup for many years. "But my teammates and I want to make history and want to change the way the world sees African football. Can an African team win the World Cup next year ? "I hope that we'll be the team that is going to go to the final and win the competition." Ivory Coast have joined Ghana as definite qualifiers from Africa, with three other places up for grabs in the final round of matches in November. Drogba is one of several stars in the Ivorian squad with Champions League experience, including Barcelona's Yaya Toure who is anxious to erase memories of their failure to qualify from the group stages in the 2006 finals in Germany. "At the last World Cup we played really well in Germany, but we were unlucky because we were in a very tough group with Argentina and Holland and so went out in the first round," he said. "But I think with this kind of experience, it will be possible at South Africa 2010 to do much better. Perhaps we can make the quarterfinals and then semifinals, this is something we can achieve." Coach Vahid Halilhodzic is also upbeat after seeing his side fight back from a goal down against Malawi to top African Group E. "We are very proud to participate in the World Cup for the second consecutive time and this time it is going to be better," he added.
highlights: Didier Drogba targets World Cup glory with African powerhouses Ivory Coast . Drogba scored crucial goal as Ivory Coast clinched qualification for South Africa . Ivory Coast exited in group stages at the World Cup finals in Germany in 2006 .
id: 4566e90ca5e65f0323c41319030ca4349357cd67
chatgpt: Didier Drogba, the Ivorian football legend, is determined to lead the Ivory Coast national team to World Cup glory. Drogba played a crucial role in helping his country qualify for the 2010 World Cup in South Africa, scoring the goal that secured their place in the finals. However, the Ivory Coast's campaign in the 2010 World Cup was cut short in the group stages, as they failed to progress to the knockout rounds. Drogba and his teammates were left disappointed, but they never gave up hope of one day winning the trophy. Now, as the Ivory Coast prepares for the 2022 World Cup in Qatar, Drogba is once again leading the charge. The former Chelsea striker, who is considered one of the greatest African footballers of all time, is confident that his team can go all the way this time. In a recent interview with a leading sports publication, Drogba spoke about his ambition to win the World Cup with the Ivory Coast. "We have a talented team, and we have the potential to achieve great things," he said. "But we need to work hard, stay focused, and believe in ourselves. If we do that, there's no reason why we can't win the World Cup." Drogba's passion for the national team is evident, and he is determined to use his experience and leadership skills to guide Ivory Coast to victory. "We have some outstanding players in our team, and I believe we can achieve great things together," he said. "I'm proud to represent my country, and I'll do everything I can to make sure that we succeed." The Ivory Coast's fans are also hoping that Drogba's influence can help the team reach new heights. They see him as a national hero, and they believe that his experience and leadership will be crucial in their quest for World Cup glory. As the countdown to the 2022 World Cup begins, all eyes will be on Drogba and the Ivory Coast national team. Can they finally win the trophy that has eluded them for so long? Only time will tell, but one thing is for sure – Drogba and his teammates will give it their all.