article: By . Mike Dawes . Warren Gatland has made just two changes to his starting XV for Wales' second Test match against South Africa on Saturday. Samson Lee, who makes his first start for the side, comes into the front row for veteran Adam Jones, who is dropped from the squad completely. The other change sees Josh Turnbull replace Aaron Shingler at flanker. Promotion: Josh Turnbull will start Wales' second Test against South Africa . Rucker: And Samson Lee (front, centre) will be replacing veteran Adam Jones in the front row . Mike Phillips retains his place at scrum-half in an unchanged back-line while captain Alun Wyn Jones will make his 80th Wales appearance alongside Luke Charteris in the second row. Gatland's side were beaten 38-16 in Durban last Saturday and the Wales head coach wants his players to bounce back. 'We have been really happy with the response from the players during training this week, we have had a good week and we see Saturday as an opportunity to right the wrongs of last weekend,' Gatland told the Welsh Rugby Union's official website. Retained: Scrum half Mike Phillips will keep his place for the second test . Keeping faith: Warren Gatland has kept 13 of the 15 players who were convincingly beaten in Durban . 'We were disappointed with last week's display but we want to finish the season with a big performance and show what we know we are capable of. 'It's a great opportunity for Samson and Josh and they deserve the chance after impressing from the bench last weekend.' Wales team to face South Africa: L Williams, A Cuthbert, J Davies, J Roberts, G North, D Biggar, M Phillips, G Jenkins, K Owens, S Lee, L Charteris, A Wyn Jones, D Lydiate, J Turnbull, T Faletau.Replacements: M Rees, P James, A Jarvis, J Ball, D Baker, G Davies, J Hook, M Morgan.
highlights: Gatland made two changes for second Test against South Africa . Josh Turnbull to replace Aaron Shingler at flanker . Samson Lee makes first start replacing front row Adam Jones . Wales lost the first Test 38-16 in Durban .
id: e053be5133ef105ca46b4d0d13c8721bc33e63b7
chatgpt: Warren Gatland, the head coach of Wales, has made two key changes to his side for the second Test against South Africa. Wales will be looking to bounce back after their 38-16 defeat in Durban last week. Josh Turnbull will replace Aaron Shingler at flanker, while Samson Lee will make his first start in place of Adam Jones in the front row.  Gatland explained that the changes were made to freshen up the team and introduce some new energy into the squad after the disappointing performance in the first Test.  "We felt we need to make a couple of changes to the starting XV to give us some fresh impetus," said Gatland. "Josh and Samson have been training well and deserve their chance to start. We know we need to raise our game if we're going to compete with a strong South African team." The Welsh team will be hoping that these changes will help them to put up a better fight against a powerful South African side. The Springboks are currently ranked second in the world and have won their last five matches against Wales. Many experts believe that the Welsh team will need to improve their performance significantly if they are going to stand a chance of winning the second Test. The South Africans were dominant in the first test, with their powerful forward pack and clinical backs proving too much for Wales to handle. However, Gatland and his team are confident that they can cause an upset and get a victory in the second Test. They will be looking to their experienced players, such as captain Sam Warburton and full-back Leigh Halfpenny, to lead the way. The second Test will take place at the Mbombela Stadium in Nelspruit on Saturday, and it promises to be an exciting and closely-fought encounter. Wales will be hoping to redeem themselves after last week's defeat and come away with a much-needed victory.