article: Tony Pulis has spoken in depth for the first time about his time as Crystal Palace manager and his dramatic departure from the club. Speaking to the BBC’s Football Focus in an interview to be aired on Saturday, Pulis says he risked his reputation by taking the job last November and revealed that Sir Alex Ferguson was one of few people who told him to do so. Pulis won Barclays Premier League manager of the year in May after guiding Palace to an 11th-placed finish but left the club before the start of the season. Tony Pulis says he feels he risked his career by taking the Crystal Palace manager's job last season . Pulis eventually fell out with chairman Steve Parish (right) and left the club two days before the season's start . The former Stoke manager’s relationship with co-chairman Steve Parish quickly disintegrated and Pulis departed by ‘mutual consent’ just two days before the start of the season. Referring to the time when Parish convinced Pulis to succeed Ian Holloway at Selhurst Park with Palace languishing in the bottom three, Pulis said: ‘Steve Parish was very persistent, I think he spoke to me on three occasions. ‘I spoke to a lot of people and a lot of people said “no, it wouldn’t be a club to go in to”, for all sorts of reasons. ‘I spoke to Sir Alex (Ferguson), I spoke to Peter (Stoke chairman Coates), those two were the people who said it could be done, it wasn’t an impossible job. They mentioned about the crowd, about the supporters being 110 per cent behind the team. Pulis admits he likes 'a challenge' and getting Palace out of the relegation zone was certainly a challenge . Steve Parish visited Pulis and contacted him three times as he was keen for him to take the job . Sir Alex Ferguson was one of only a few people who told the former Stoke boss that the move was a good idea . ‘Steve came down to Bournemouth and we actually sat down in the house and that was the first time I thought: “I’m going to do this. I’m going to take the challenge”. ‘Obviously you put your own reputation on the line. Everybody knows I’ve never been relegated. ‘They were in a dreadful position at the time. But it was a challenge and, as you know, I do like challenges.’ Neil Warnock took on Pulis' old job as Palace manager - his second spell in the top job at Selhurst Park .
highlights: Former Crystal Palace boss  says he took some convincing to take the job . Tony Pulis was appointed manager  with Palace in the bottom three . He guided them to a miraculous 11th-place finish in the Premier League . But Pulis left in August and has spoken out for the first time .
id: c8edcca3ea9768e8762f1ee90080e77461c5fcaf
chatgpt: Former Crystal Palace manager Tony Pulis has opened up about his time at the club, revealing that he was initially hesitant to take the job. Pulis was appointed in November 2013 with Palace sitting in the bottom three of the Premier League. In an interview with The Guardian, Pulis admitted that it took some convincing for him to take the job. He said, "When I first got approached by Crystal Palace, I wasn't too sure whether I wanted to take it on. But I eventually decided to give it a go." Pulis went on to guide Palace to a miraculous 11th-place finish in the Premier League, defying the odds and ensuring they maintained their top-flight status. However, he unexpectedly parted ways with the club in August of the following year, citing a disagreement over transfer funds. Speaking out about his departure for the first time, Pulis said, "It was disappointing to leave when I did, but sometimes things just don't work out. I'm proud of what we achieved during my time at Palace, and I have no regrets." Despite his success at Palace, Pulis has faced criticism in the past for his direct style of play. When asked about this, he said, "I think people are quick to label me as a long-ball manager, but I've always believed in playing to your strengths. We had players at Palace who were good in the air, so we played to that." Since leaving Palace, Pulis has managed several other clubs, including West Bromwich Albion and Middlesbrough. He is currently without a club, but has expressed a desire to return to management soon. "I still love the game and I still have a lot to offer," Pulis said. "I'm just waiting for the right opportunity to come along." Overall, Pulis's time at Crystal Palace was a huge success, with the club defying the odds to maintain their Premier League status. While his departure may have been unexpected, there's no doubt that his impact on the club will be felt for years to come.