article: HARARE, Zimbabwe (CNN)  -- Deaths in Zimbabwe related to the cholera epidemic are approaching 2,000, the World Health Organization said Tuesday, and close to 40,000 people have been affected by the preventable water-borne disease. Two men rest in a cholera rehydration tent on the South Africa-Zimbabwe border in December. Statistics released by the Geneva, Switzerland-based organization WHO on Tuesday show 1,937 people have died in the raging epidemic from the 38,334 who contracted the disease since its outbreak in August. Cholera has spread to neighboring countries South Africa and Botswana. The epidemic comes at a time when President Robert Mugabe's government is facing its worst economic crisis, manifested in shortages of all essentials from food, fuel, cash, foreign currency and electricity and a hyperinflationary economy. Health experts have said Harare's failure to import adequate stocks of water-treating chemicals is the main driver of the disease. Most residents have resorted to rivers and shallow wells for drinking water, because taps are usually dry. On top of that problem, the waste-disposing system has collapsed. Children can be seen playing on heaps of uncollected garbage in the suburbs of most urban areas in Zimbabwe. Last month, Mugabe's government declared the cholera epidemic a national emergency. Since then, international governments and organizations such as WHO, Doctors Without Borders, Oxfam, USAID and other U.N. groups have moved in to combat the disease that has engulfed all of Zimbabwe's provinces. But the situation has not immediately improved. Zimbabwean Health Minister David Parirenyatwa warned this month that the epidemic could get worse as the rainy season develops. Harare issued a warning Monday that some parts of the country are going to experience floods during rainy season, further compounding the fight against the disease. The season peaks in January or February and ends in late March. Mugabe and rival Morgan Tsvangirai signed a power-sharing deal in September to run the government after a hotly contested presidential election. It was widely hoped that the deal would be the panacea to the humanitarian and economic problems bewildering the once-prosperous Zimbabwe, but the pact is yet to take effect. The sides continue to debate the sharing of key Cabinet ministries such as information, local government, finance, defense and home affairs.
highlights: World Health Organization says 1,937 people have died since outbreak in August . Cholera epidemic comes as Zimbabwe faces worst economic crisis . Expert: Failure to import adequate stocks of water-treating chemicals behind disease . Cholera has spread to neighboring countries South Africa and Botswana .
id: b78e881949436a0cad56b60d5f2b974d40d24c1f
chatgpt: The World Health Organization has reported that a total of 1,937 people have died from cholera since an outbreak in Zimbabwe in August. The cholera epidemic comes as the country is grappling with its worst economic crisis in a decade, making it difficult for health authorities to contain the spread of the disease. According to health experts, the failure to import sufficient amounts of water-treating chemicals has been a major contributing factor in the outbreak. Most of the water sources in the country are contaminated, and the lack of chemicals to treat water has made it difficult to bring the epidemic under control. The spread of cholera has also affected neighboring countries, with South Africa and Botswana recording cases of the disease. Health officials from the affected countries have been collaborating with Zimbabwean authorities to try and contain the spread of cholera. The cholera outbreak has highlighted the dire economic situation in Zimbabwe, which has been struggling with hyperinflation and cash shortages. Zimbabwean President, Emmerson Mnangagwa, has declared the outbreak a national disaster and has appealed for international assistance. The World Health Organization has since responded by deploying teams of experts and delivering medical supplies to help combat the epidemic. The organization has also called on the Zimbabwean government to prioritize the provision of clean water and sanitation to help prevent the spread of cholera. The spread of cholera has raised concerns about the overall state of Zimbabwe's healthcare system. The country's hospitals are reportedly facing shortages of essential medicines and equipment, while doctors have been striking for better pay and working conditions. The outbreak of cholera in Zimbabwe is a reminder of the importance of investing in healthcare and ensuring access to clean water and sanitation. Failure to do so can have severe consequences, as seen in the current outbreak. The international community must continue to support Zimbabwe and other countries facing similar challenges to build resilient and effective healthcare systems that can withstand future crises.