article: The suspected ringleader of the deadly terror attack on the U.S. diplomatic compound in Benghazi, Libya, will remain jailed until trial, a federal magistrate ruled on Wednesday. Ahmed Abu Khatallah appeared at a brief detention hearing in federal court in Washington where he's accused of providing material support to terrorists. Court documents released on the eve of the hearing allege he "conspired to participate and then participated" in the September 11, 2012, attack on the American outpost in eastern Libya that killed Ambassador Christopher Stevens and three other Americans. He previously pleaded not guilty to the charge that carries a maximum life prison sentence. More are charges are possible. Abu Khatallah, who is thought to be in his early 40s, was captured earlier this month in Libya and transferred to the United States last weekend. Authorities contend that he's a senior leader of Ansar al Sharia, whose members were among several militias that participated in the two-pronged armed assault. Assailants armed with automatic weapons and rocket-propelled grenades first blasted through the main diplomatic mission before setting it ablaze, the court papers said. Stevens and State Department information officer Sean Smith died there. A coordinated mortar assault on a nearby annex killed security officers Tyrone Woods and Glen Doherty. "The defendant's participation in the attack was motivated by his extremist ideology," prosecutors said in the documents, which also alleged that Abu Khatallah "voiced concern and opposition to the presence of an American facility in Benghazi" days prior to the attack. Obama under fire over Benghazi suspect . Arguing for his continued detention, prosecutors said that Abu Khatallah, since the attack, "has continued to make efforts to target American personnel and property" and "discuss with others his deadly and destructive intentions," prosecutors said. But defense lawyers contend the Justice Department hasn't provided evidence to support the case. CNN's Pamela Brown asked lead prosecutor Michael DiLorenzo about the claims from Abu Khatallah's camp regarding pre-trial discovery. He responded that prosecutors would try the case in court. The Benghazi attack has become a political flashpoint with Republicans, especially, questioning security protections beforehand, the U.S. response during the assault, and the Obama administration's slow-to-evolve public explanation of what transpired. GOP members also are scrutinizing how Hillary Clinton handled the matter. She oversaw U.S. diplomacy at the time as secretary of state, and questions about her responses and decisionmaking endure as she considers a run for president. Benghazi attack timeline . Benghazi mastermind captured without a single shot fired .
highlights: Brief detention hearing held in federal court in Washington . Ahmed Abu Khatallah was captured this month in Libya and transferred to the U.S. He has pleaded not guilty to a charge of providing support to terrorists . The defense claims that prosecutors are not backing up their allegations .
id: 5e33fa6746b771109ebfea5482cb5f6d67bd3401
chatgpt: In a brief detention hearing held in federal court in Washington on Wednesday, Ahmed Abu Khatallah appeared before a judge to face a charge of providing support to terrorists. Khatallah was captured this month in Libya and transferred to the United States to face the charges against him. The hearing was brief, and Khatallah was not asked to enter a plea. However, his defense team did make some brief statements, claiming that prosecutors were not backing up their allegations against Khatallah. The charges against Khatallah stem from his alleged involvement in the 2012 Benghazi attacks that left four Americans dead, including Ambassador Chris Stevens. Khatallah is accused of providing material support to the attackers, as well as conspiring to do so. Khatallah has pleaded not guilty to the charges against him. His defense team has attempted to cast doubt on the government's case, claiming that there is not enough evidence to support the charges. During the proceedings, Khatallah remained quiet, dressed in a standard-issue orange jumpsuit, and was flanked by guards. The hearing itself only lasted a few minutes, and the judge did not make any decisions, instead setting a future date for an evidentiary hearing. The case against Khatallah has been highly controversial, with some accusing the government of overreaching in its efforts to bring those responsible for the Benghazi attacks to justice. However, the Obama administration has remained steadfast in its commitment to holding Khatallah accountable for his alleged role in the attacks. Despite the brief nature of the hearing, there is likely to be significant attention paid to the case as it moves forward. Khatallah's defense team may attempt to call into question the government's evidence, while prosecutors will be seeking to prove their case beyond a reasonable doubt. For the moment, Khatallah remains in custody in the United States, awaiting his day in court. While he has denied the charges against him, his future will ultimately be decided by a jury. As the case gains more attention and the evidence is presented, it will become clearer whether or not the government's case against Khatallah is strong enough to withstand the scrutiny of a trial.