article: With a thrilling end to La Liga and an all-Madrid Champions League final done and dusted, Spanish eyes turned to the World Cup as their stars joined up Brazil. Spain are the reigning World Cup holders having won in South Africa four years ago, and the likes of David Silva and Pepe Reina touched down in Madrid on Monday in preparation for another assault on football's biggest prize. Manchester City's creative genius Silva was pictured undergoing what appeared to be a medical, while other Premier League stars David De Gea and Fernando Torres addressed the media. Fit and healthy: David Silva undergoes a medical check-up after joining up with Spain's World Cup squad . Welcome: Silva arrives at Las Rozas Sports City . Arrival: Manchester United midfielder Juan Mata . Attention: Chelsea striker Fernando Torres addresses the media at Las Rozas Sports City . Through their paces: Spain's squad take part in a training session in Madrid . Winners: Spain are the reigning World Cup holders after their victory in South Africa four years ago . Tricky: Spain begin their campaign against Netherlands in a repeat of the last World Cup final . Manchester United's Juan Mata and former Liverpool goalkeeper Reina were also pictured in the Spanish capital on Monday. Spain manager Vicente Del Bosque has named a provisional 30-man squad for the World Cup and will wait until the June 2 deadline before narrowing down his selection to 23 players. Gerard Deulofeu, who spent last season on loan at Everton from Barcelona, was named in a 19-man squad for a friendly against Bolivia in Seville on May 30. Speaking out: Manchester United goalkeeper David De Gea talks to the Spanish press . Familiar face: Napoli goalkeeper Pepe Reina . All smiles: Arsenal midfielder Santi Cazorla . Baggage: Chelsea forward Torres in Madrid . Shady: Bayern Munich's Javi Martinez . Force: Barcelona's Xavi . Anchor: Sergio Busquets . Rock: Gerard Pique . Popular: Mata waves to a spectator as he arrives for training with Cazorla . Leader: Spain's coach Vicente del Bosque watches Gerard Deulofeu and Ander Iturraspe . Keep it up: Xavi, Torres and Cesc Fabregas show off their skills in Madrid . Spain kick-off their World Cup campaign against the Netherlands in a repeat of the final from Johannesburg four years ago. Also in Group B are Australia and Chile, who Spain also met in the group stage in South Africa.
highlights: Spain players arrive in Madrid to begin World Cup preparations . David Silva, Fernando Torres, Juan Mata and Santi Cazorla in attendance . Vicente Del Bosque has named preliminary 30-man squad . Spain manager will finalise 23-man squad for Brazil on June 2 .
id: 5882205a7dfc163eb07f158168fba5f90ac57260
chatgpt: Spain's World Cup preparations have officially begun as players from the preliminary 30-man squad arrived in Madrid for their pre-tournament training camp. David Silva, Fernando Torres, Juan Mata and Santi Cazorla were among the players in attendance as they hope to secure a spot in Vicente Del Bosque's final 23-man squad for the tournament. Del Bosque, who led Spain to their first World Cup victory in 2010 and also managed them to Euro 2012 success, has some tough decisions to make as he finalises his squad. The Spanish manager will have to cut seven players from his current lineup in order to meet FIFA's requirements. The players are currently undergoing several tests and assessments before they begin their training sessions on May 27. This will allow Del Bosque and his coaching staff to have a better understanding of their players' physical capabilities before they begin to implement their tactical plans. Spain will play a couple of friendly matches in the lead up to the World Cup, giving Del Bosque the opportunity to experiment with different lineups and tactics. The La Roja's first match will be against Bolivia in a friendly at Sevilla's Ramon Sanchez Pizjuan stadium on May 30. Their second match is against El Salvador on June 7 in Washington DC. Boasting a star-studded squad, Spain will be looking to claim back-to-back World Cup victories following their triumph in South Africa four years ago. The team will be led by the likes of Xavi Hernandez, Andres Iniesta, Sergio Ramos and Iker Casillas - all of whom were instrumental in Spain's previous success. Spain's opening match of the World Cup is against the Netherlands on June 13. La Roja will also play Chile and Australia in Group B, with high expectations of making it to the knockout stages. While there is no doubt about the quality of the players in Spain's squad, it's difficult to predict what will happen when they land in Brazil. With several teams in contention for the World Cup crown, including the likes of Germany, Brazil and Argentina, the tournament looks set to be highly competitive. Spain's World Cup campaign officially kicks off on June 2 when Del Bosque is expected to name his final 23-man squad for the tournament. Until then, players will be pushing themselves to the limit in hope of securing their spot on the plane to Brazil.