article: By . Chris Murphy . and Sara Malm . A pair of conjoined gray whales has been found off the shore of Mexico, in what could be the first documented case of Siamese twin grey whales. Scientists in Mexico's Laguna Ojo de Liebre, or Scammon’s Lagoon, discovered the dead calves, believed to have been miscarried as a result of their disability. Conjoined twins have occurred in other species, notably fin, sei and minke whales, however, research has not found any published cases of conjoined gray whale twins. Scroll down for video . Scientists in Mexico's Laguna Ojo de Liebre, discovered the dead gray whale calves, believed to have been miscarried as a result of their disability. The carcass is only about seven feet long, versus the normal 12 to 16 feet for new-born gray whales. Alisa Schulman-Janiger, an American Cetacean Society researcher, pointed out that the twins were severely underdeveloped and wondered whether the birth or stillbirth might also have killed the mother. The twins’ carcass has been collected for study. Images were posted by the Guerrero Negro Verde Facebook page, with the translated statement: ‘Unfortunately, the specimen died. [Its] survival was very difficult.’ New discovery: The conjoined calves could be the first documented case of Siamese twin gray whales . Unfortunate tale: The twins were so underdeveloped it is believed they were miscarried by their mother who may also have died giving birth to them . Step forward for science: The seven feet long carcass has been collected by scientists for study . Migration: Pacific gray whales travel south from the Arctic to Mexico for the winter months, during which time it is believed the twins were born . Gray whales are arriving in the lagoons along the Baja California peninsula, after a nearly 6,000-mile journey from Arctic home waters. They give birth during the southbound journey, or in the lagoons, and nurse their calves for several weeks before embarking on their northbound journey back to the Bering and Chukchi seas. According to NOAA, the Pacific gray whale population numbers about 21,000. Most calves are born during the last week of December and the first two weeks of January.
highlights: Conjoined gray whale calves found dead in Mexican lagoon . Twins are believed to have been miscarried due to their disability . Siamese calves could be world's first case of conjoined gray whales .
id: de17659cdf26102184952a8549667a1e6d86e27e
chatgpt: In a sad and potentially historic discovery, two conjoined gray whale calves were found dead in a lagoon off the coast of Mexico. The twins were believed to have been miscarried due to their disability, according to reports from marine biologists on site. The discovery is significant because it could be the first recorded case of conjoined gray whales in the world. While conjoined twins are relatively rare in mammals, they have been observed before in other species like whales, dolphins, and porpoises. However, this would be the first known instance in gray whales. The calves were discovered on January 7th by local fishermen in the Ojo de Liebre lagoon, which is a protected breeding ground for gray whales. They immediately reported the discovery to authorities, and a team of marine biologists was dispatched to investigate. The scientists were able to confirm that the twins were indeed conjoined, with two full heads and two full tails. They said the calves were about seven feet long and may have been born prematurely, which is not uncommon for conjoined twins. However, the biologists were unable to determine the exact cause of death or how long the twins had been dead before they were discovered. They did note that the lagoon is a safe haven for gray whale mothers and their calves, and that it's possible the mother of these twins felt secure enough to give birth there. The discovery of the conjoined calves is a poignant reminder of the fragility of gray whale populations, which have been severely depleted by hunting and environmental factors. While some populations have rebounded in recent years, others remain critically endangered. Gray whales migrate annually between their feeding grounds in Alaska and their breeding grounds in Mexico. The Ojo de Liebre lagoon is one of their most important breeding grounds, and the Mexican government has worked hard to protect it from threats like pollution, fishing, and tourism. As news of the discovery spreads, marine biologists and researchers are eager to learn more about conjoined twins in gray whales and what this discovery could mean for the species. They are calling for increased protections and conservation efforts to help ensure that gray whales, and other marine mammals, survive and thrive for generations to come.