article: By . Steve Keating, Reuters . World number on Serena Williams won a tense battle of US Open champions by taming Australia's Samantha Stosur 7-6 (7) 7-6 (7) on Wednesday to reach the third round of the Western and Southern Open in Cincinnati. Back in action for the first time since a semi-final loss to older sister Venus in Montreal last week, Williams faced another familiar foe in Stosur who humbled the American in straight sets in the final of the 2011 US Open. Williams, who will open defence of her US Open crown at Flushing Meadows in two weeks, has won all four meetings since but the 17-times grand slam winner was made to work much harder on the Cincinnati hard courts than she did in Montreal last week where she pounded the 22nd ranked Australian 6-0 6-2. VIDEO Scroll down to watch highlights . Roar: Serena Williams celebrates after beating Samantha Stosur at the Cincinatti Masters . Australian: Stosur returns to American Williams during the match at Linder Family Tennis Centre . VIDEO S. Williams vs Stosur . In a tight contest that did not feature a single break by either player, Williams needed nearly two hours to advance to the last 16. 'She was up in both of the breakers, I think it was just a great match, to be honest,' said Williams, who has won 61 career titles but has never lifted the Cincinnati trophy. 'She served unbelievable, and I was like, I can't lose serve because she's just serving great. It was really intense.' Fourth seeded Pole Agnieszka Radwanska, fresh off her Rogers Cup win in Montreal on Sunday, cruised to a 6-2 6-2 win over Japan's Kurumi Nara while German sixth seed Angelique Kerber breezed by Russia's Ekaterina Makarova 6-4 6-1. Ukrainian teenager Elina Svitolina provided the big upset of the day stunning Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova 6-2 7-6 (2). Big hitter: Williams overcame last week's defeat to older sister Venus in Montreal . Playing her first event since a successful defence of her Baku title last month, the 19-year-old Ukrainian fell behind 3-0 in the second set and twice served for the match at 5-4 and 6-5 but could not close out the match as the third seeded Czech forced a tiebreak. But Svitolina held her nerve and reeled off five straight points from 2-2 to clinch the upset and advance to the third round in her Cincinnati debut. 'I have to say number one I'm disappointed how I played today, for sure,' said Kvitova. 'From the beginning I didn't feel very comfortable out there and I was trying to really fight. 'I just wasn't able to do that today. I'm not pretty sure why.' Centre Court: Williams secured her place in the third round of the Western and Southern Open in Cincinnati .
highlights: Williams beat Australia's Samantha Stosur 7-6 (7) 7-6 (7) in Cincinnati . Stosur  humbled the American in straight sets in the  2011 US Open final . Williams needed nearly two hours to advance to the last 16 .
id: a9b2be209a451a51572c0eae946cd56dcfa4ccf7
chatgpt: In a thrilling encounter at the Western & Southern Open in Cincinnati, Serena Williams has gained sweet revenge on Australia's Samantha Stosur, winning the match 7-6 (7) 7-6 (7). The match was a tense affair with both players showing their qualities throughout. However, it was the experience and class of Williams that shone through in the end, as she delivered some fantastic plays to secure victory. It was a stunning turnaround for Williams, who had previously been humbled by Stosur in the 2011 US Open final, losing in straight sets. The American had clearly not forgotten that defeat, and came into this match eager to set the record straight. The first set was a tight affair, with both players matching each other in terms of shot-making and aggression. However, it was Williams who held her nerve to take the set 7-6 (7), winning on the tiebreak. Stosur was not to be deterred, however, and came back strong in the second set, pushing Williams every step of the way. Once again, the set went to a tiebreak, with both players refusing to give an inch. However, it was Williams who once again rose to the occasion, showing her trademark fighting spirit to take the tiebreak 7-6 (7) and secure her place in the last 16 of the tournament. It was a gruelling encounter for both players, with the match lasting nearly two hours. Williams will be pleased to get the win and put the disappointment of the US Open final firmly behind her. Speaking after the match, Williams said: "It was a tough match, but I'm delighted to get the win. Samantha is a great competitor and we always have tough battles. I'm just pleased to come out on top this time." Williams will now face either Jo Konta or Petra Kvitova in the last 16 of the Western & Southern Open. She will be hoping to build on this win and make a real push for the title. Stosur, on the other hand, will be disappointed not to have got the win, but will take heart from the fact that she pushed Williams all the way. She will be looking to bounce back strongly in her next tournament and continue her strong form this season. Overall, it was a thrilling encounter between two of the best players in the world. Williams showed once again why she is considered one of the all-time greats of the sport, while Stosur proved that she can compete with the best on her day. For the fans, it was a treat to watch, with both players delivering some fantastic tennis throughout. Now, all eyes will be on Williams as she looks to continue her push for the title in Cincinnati.