article: Sitting proudly atop their noble steeds, these are some of the baby-faced riders who saddled up for a spot of Boxing Day hunting. While some youngsters decorated their bridles with tinsel, two-year-old Ella Hayward-O’Neill seemed more interested in her sausage roll snack. They were all representing the new generation of hunt supporters who took part in Boxing Day meets yesterday, as the political debate over the sport continues. Two-year-old Ella Hayward-O'Neill tucks into her sausage roll snack, left, while Hattie Denham, four, sits proudly on her horse, right, at the Vine and Craven Hunt in Hampshire . One rider wearing his Christmas jumper dressed his horse in tinsel and reindeer antlers at the Quorn Hunt at Prestwold Hall near Loughborough . The Countryside Alliance estimated more than 250,000 people turned out to support 300 hunts, which met across the country on what is traditionally the biggest day of the hunting calendar. The group claimed the sport has attracted increasing numbers of children since the 2004 Hunting Act, which banned hunting foxes with a pack of hounds. Most of the gatherings now practise trail-hunting, in which participants follow a trail across the countryside laid with a rag steeped in fox scent. A young rider leads her horse through Lambourn High Street as part of the Vine and Craven Boxing Day hunt . The town square in Chipping Norton was packed full of hunt supporters both young and old to welcome the Heythrop Hunt . Yesterday a Countryside Alliance spokesman said: ‘There are a lot of young people hunting. There’s a new generation of people hunting who have come into it since the ban came into force. ‘They are as devoted as everyone else to countryside traditions and feel that hunting in its proper form is entirely justifiable and should be allowed to re-convene ... there’s a real feeling that something fundamentally wrong happened ten years ago when the Act was brought in.’ Yesterday, the Mail reported how hunt supporters are plotting to use the drive to introduce English votes for English laws to push through a repeal of the foxhunting ban after the next election. A young jockey concentrates as the Berkeley Hunt makes its way though the High Street in Thornbury, south Gloucestershire yesterday . The Countryside Alliance claimed the sport has attracted increasing numbers of children since the 2004 Hunting Act, which banned hunting foxes with a pack of hounds . A Tory pledge to hold a free vote in the Commons on scrapping the law was quietly shelved after ministers realised it would be lost. But the Countryside Alliance said the result could be very different if Scottish MPs – who are largely Labour – were barred from voting on the issue as it is devolved to the Scottish Parliament. It said English and Welsh MPs would vote by a majority of 22 to scrap the ban if a vote were held now.
highlights: Young hunt supporters were out in force for traditional Boxing Day meets . Many decorated horses in tinsel for the biggest day in the hunt calendar . Countryside Alliance say hunting is growing in popularity among young . They estimate 250,000 people turned out to support 300 hunts around the UK .
id: aa368b4601c6d519ff9550c8d018710a70668aed
chatgpt: Young hunt supporters have turned out in large numbers across the UK to celebrate the biggest day in the hunt calendar. The Boxing Day meets saw an estimated 250,000 people gather to show their support for 300 hunts up and down the country. Many of the horses taking part in the traditional event were decorated with tinsel and other festive displays, adding to the sense of occasion for both participants and spectators alike. Despite increasingly vocal opposition to fox hunting, the Countryside Alliance claims that the sport is actually growing in popularity, especially among younger generations. According to a spokesperson for the organisation, "The turnout for Boxing Day meets has been incredibly encouraging, particularly when it comes to the number of young people involved. Hunting is a wonderful way to connect with nature and experience the great outdoors, and it seems that more and more people are recognising that fact." While opposition to hunting remains a contentious issue, there is no doubt that it has deep roots in British culture and tradition. For many, the annual Boxing Day meets are a cherished part of the festive season, and an opportunity to come together with like-minded individuals to celebrate their shared passions. One young supporter of the sport, who asked to remain anonymous, said, "I've been coming to the Boxing Day meets for as long as I can remember. It's a chance to be part of something really special, and to show that we won't be intimidated by those who want to see the tradition of fox hunting disappear." Despite continuing controversy around fox hunting, there are signs that attitudes towards the sport may be starting to shift. Recently, a survey by Ipsos MORI found that more people than ever before are open to the possibility of some form of regulated hunting being allowed in the UK. While this is unlikely to convince die-hard opponents of the sport, it may give hope to those who continue to see value in the tradition of fox hunting. For many, this year's Boxing Day meets will have been a powerful reminder that they are not alone in their support of the sport, and that there are many others out there who share their passions and beliefs. As the day's events drew to a close, it was clear that the spirit of the hunt would continue to burn bright in the hearts and minds of its supporters, both young and old. For them, the tradition of fox hunting remains an vital part of British culture, and an important reminder of the country's unique heritage and values.