article: Care home boss Victoria Phillips (pictured) was jailed for a year after admitting stealing £5,000 - including money meant for elderly residents . A care home manager who stole money meant to pay for vulnerable residents' haircuts and gifts donated to staff, was behind bars today. Victoria Phillips was jailed for a year after she helped herself to nearly £5,000 while running Alfreton Residential Home in Prenton, Merseyside. Liverpool Crown Court heard that she breached the trust placed in her to target vulnerable residents who could 'ill-afford to lose what they did.' Phillips, who forged documentation to try and cover her tracks,  stole donations to the home, money for residents' haircuts and 'thank you' gifts to staff. She admitted 12 counts of theft totaling £4,821 between October, 2009, and October last year. Judge Mark Brown said: 'It's clear that these offences involved the breach of a high degree of trust, given in particular the important position of responsibility that you had within the home. 'In one instance, you stole a relatively significant amount of money from the bank account of an elderly resident. 'On one occasion, you pocketed money that had been donated to the home by well-meaning individuals who no doubt wished to improve the conditions in which residents were living. 'On other occasions, you pocketed relative small amounts of cash intended as thank you presents to members of staff for the good work that they had performed. 'There were occasions when you pocketed small amounts of money that were set aside for sundries, such as residents having their hair attended to.' The judge said Phillips, who pleaded guilty to theft, committed 'mean and nasty offences' over a significant period of time. He added: 'In effect, you were stealing from elderly residents, elderly victims, who could possibly ill-afford to lose what they did and people whom the public would expect would be cared for properly. You as a manager had the duty to ensure that was the position'. Phillips admitted 12 counts of theft while working at at Alfreton Residential Home, in Prenton, Merseyside . Eleven of the charges involved sums of money that ranged from £50 to £2,000 and belonged to various named people. During September, 2012, she also took £900 belonging to the care home. Phillips resigned in October last year. John Ballam, defending, said mum-of-one Phillips acted out of 'need rather than greed' after enduring financial struggles. He said she was in thrall to a violent ex-husband and was 'fearful' of telling him of their money issues. He said: 'She has ex- pressed considerable re-morse and shame. She was a caring person, she would like to think she still is, but she committed very nasty offences against these people and she thoroughly regrets that.'
highlights: Victoria Phillips was the manager of Alfreton Residential Home in Prenton . Stole donations to home, money for haircuts and thank you gifts to staff . Phillips pocketed a total of £4,821 and forged documents to cover up thefts . She admitted 12 counts of theft and was jailed for a year by a judge . Judge Mark Brown branded her offences  'mean and nasty'
id: 18d066322d237d771f1f5b6cbfeb6e5b8edb35c5
chatgpt: Former manager of Alfreton Residential Home in Prenton, Victoria Phillips, has been sentenced to a year in jail for stealing donations meant for the home, as well as funds for employees' haircuts and other gifts. In total, Phillips pocketed £4,821 and attempted to cover up her actions by forging documents. Phillips admitted to 12 counts of theft and faced Judge Mark Brown, who branded her offences as "mean and nasty." The charges represented a breach of trust towards both the residents of the home and her colleagues, who relied on her to manage the finances ethically. The investigation began when concerns were raised over discrepancies in the home's accounts, and Phillips was subsequently suspended from her post in February 2020. It was discovered that she had been taking cash donations intended for the home, including money raised by relatives of residents and funds from staff raffles. In addition to the stolen donations, Phillips also used home funds to pay for haircuts for herself and her family members, as well as used funds to purchase thank you gifts for employees, which were never received. The court heard how she created fake invoices and receipts to cover up her thefts, which went unnoticed for several months. Sentencing Phillips, Judge Brown stated that "this type of offending by a manager of a care home that relies on donations and goodwill is particularly serious." He added that the thefts had caused a "profound breach of trust" with those who had placed their faith in Phillips to manage the home's finances. In a statement, the home's parent company expressed their disappointment at Phillips' actions, stating that "we have zero tolerance policy towards any form of dishonesty or theft and have provided full support to the police throughout this investigation." The impact of Phillips' actions has been felt by both residents and employees of the home, with many feeling betrayed by the breach of trust. One relative of a resident stated that "It's terrible to think that someone would steal from a care home where vulnerable people are being looked after." Phillips' jail sentence serves as a warning to those who may be tempted to misuse their position of trust for personal gain, particularly in a sector where honesty and integrity are paramount. The residents of Alfreton Residential Home deserve nothing less than exemplary care, and anyone who seeks to harm their wellbeing through theft or deceit will be held accountable for their actions.