article: Judging by Stephan Brusche's creative approach to fruit he probably didn't have very good table manners as a child, as clearly he was never told off for playing with his food. The 37-year-old graphic designer turns humble bananas into iconic characters such as Marilyn Monroe and Homer Simpson as well as animals and famous artworks. His fruity Instagram posts  have seen him gather a loyal following almost 15,000 strong. Scroll down for video . Dutch graphic designer Stephan Brusche creates clever fruit art using bananas and ballpoint pens. Pictured: Stephan recreates the iconic image of Marilyn Monroe in that white dress . The Dutch artist hadn't expected his clever designs to be so moreish but the positive response has lead him to release his very first book, Fruitdoodles, which documents his initial 50 creations. He also has his own Fruitdoodle calendar with a different creation for each month of the year. Although Stephan has now found his edible art to be rather lucrative the designer says that his famous fruit had very humble beginnings. He had been in the office and had wanted to post something on Instagram. With a lack of stimulus he turned to his bright yellow snack for inspiration and drew a face on the fruit. He told Bored Panda 'I took a ballpoint pen and just started drawing. I was pretty amazed how pleasant a banana peel is to draw on.' Once he had mastered the using a banana skin as a canvas Stephan began to experiment with more ambitious projects. Stephan began posting images of his art on his Instagram account when he was looking for something inventive to post. A giraffe winds it neck around the fruit (left) and (right) the banana is an elephant tusk . Stephan now has an Instagram following almost 15,000 strong. In this image, the artist remodels a banana into a fish carcass after having been eaten at dinner . Stephan's favourite images inspired from the Bible, such as his version of Michelangelo's  Creation of Adam . He continued: 'After that I tried to come up with new ideas for drawings while using the shape of the banana in all kinds of clever ways. 'Trying to keep pushing myself I eventually started to carve in the banana peel as well . 'They show the things I care about or like the most. Not a real agenda behind it. Mostly fun and whatever idea pops into my head when I look at a banana. 'Though I like to make more Bible Bananas just to show how fascinating that book is.' Stephan has now transformed his first 50 banana designs into a book called Fruitdoodles. Here he uses two halves of a banana to form a  fine pair of horns for a Viking helmet . Stephan will carve the peel to complete his designs as with his  Homer Simpson reaching for a doughnut . In this image Stephan has used two bananas to complete his re-imagining of Gustav Klimt's The Kiss painting .
highlights: Stephan Brusche creates amusing and inventive images using bananas . Dutch artist carves peel and uses a ballpoint pen to create iconic designs . He has re-imagined famous images from the Bible to Homer Simpson .
id: 7b54d0f7ee9effc46e61fab20f120f07870a9f52
chatgpt: Dutch artist Stephan Brusche has taken the world by storm with his amusing and inventive banana art. With the peel as his canvas, Brusche carves the fruit and uses a ballpoint pen to create iconic designs. Brusche's unique style has caught the attention of art enthusiasts and banana lovers alike. He has re-imagined famous images from the Bible, such as The Last Supper, to pop culture icons like Homer Simpson. His artwork is both playful and impressive, showcasing his skill and creativity. The artist started experimenting with banana peel when he accidentally spilled some chocolate milk on a banana. He noticed that the wetness of the milk made the peel softer and more pliable. Since then, Brusche has been honing his craft and perfecting his techniques. One of Brusche's most famous works is his rendition of Vincent van Gogh's Starry Night. Using a combination of carving and drawing, he recreated the famous painting on a banana peel. The result is stunning, with the swirling colors and textures of the artwork perfectly captured on the unconventional canvas. Brusche's art is not just visually appealing, but also has a message behind it. In one of his works, he carved a dove on a banana to promote peace and unity. He believes that art can be used as a platform to spread positive messages and inspire people. The artist's unique style has gained him a following on various social media platforms. He regularly shares his latest creations on Instagram, where he has over 300,000 followers. Brusche's banana art has even caught the attention of corporations, with brands like Samsung and Volkswagen commissioning him for promotional events. Despite his success, Brusche remains humble and continues to experiment with new ideas. He encourages others to embrace their creativity and use unconventional materials to create art. His unique approach has inspired many, proving that art can be found in the most unexpected places. In conclusion, Stephan Brusche has made a name for himself in the art world with his amusing and inventive banana art. From re-imagining famous images to spreading positive messages, his artwork has captured the hearts and minds of many. Brusche's success is a testament to the power of creativity and the endless possibilities of art.