article: By . James Daniel . PUBLISHED: . 16:33 EST, 3 March 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 19:35 EST, 3 March 2013 . He's a convicted criminal who broke his way into prison. 36-year-old Matthew Matagrano managed to blag his way into New York City's most secure prisons by impersonating a Correction Department worker using a fake badge. He was caught after trying to 'arrest' someone at Bronx Criminal Court on Friday and is currently being held on $50,000 bail on charges of impersonation. Security breach: Most people who've done time on Rikers Island can't wait to get away. Officials say that for at least a week, Matthew Matagrano used a badge and ID card to get into Rikers and roam the jail . Norman Seabrook, Correction union president, told the Daily News: 'We’re talking about a serious breach of security.' Matthew Matagrano - The 36-year-old has a lengthy rap sheet that includes a conviction for sodomy and sexual abuse that landed him on the state's sex offender registry . Matagrano was able hang around with inmates on Rikers Island and the Manhattan Detention Center simply by showing a fake shiny gold badge. Matagrano waved his credentials to get into at least five different buildings over the last week. He allegedly stole $5,000 worth of equipment from security officers and even smoked cigarettes with some of the jail's inmates. Police are only now just putting together a timeline of what happened using some of the 24-hour surveillance video gathered from around the facilities. According to the New York Post, on occasion Matagrano was able to access one of the highest-level security wings in the city. Whilst there he allegedly stole a $2,500 walkie-talke and then strolled around the cells. On Rikers Island, Matagrano tried to have seven inmates in protective custody moved to the prison’s general population. Worryingly, he was able to walk around the building and even pass through security checkpoints unhindered. Matagrano had a legitimate pass to some of the less secure areas of the facility including the car park because he had worked with a non-profit group on the island. Investigators . first realised something was amiss when Matagrano was seen in a . surveillance video walking through various high-level security areas. Correction . officers were then put on alert and his disguise was finally rumbled at . the Bronx Criminal Court after he was caught trying to 'rearrest' an . inmate. Security breach: It's not clear why Matagrano wanted to get into the jail, but he had also previously been caught posing as a Board of Education worker to enter schools . It's not the first time Matagrano, who's 340 pounds and 5ft 8in has been caught impersonating staff with fake credentials. In . 2004 he flashed a Board of Education ID to sneak into an elementary . school and look through student files. On that occasion he went to jail . for three years. His . criminal history also includes another year behind bars for sodomizing a . 15-year-old boy which lead to him registering as a sex offender for life.
highlights: Authorities accuse one former inmate of the massive New York City jail of sneaking back in . Matthew Matagrano is charged with impersonating a Department of Correction investigator . Officials say that for at least a week, the sex offender used a badge and ID card to get into Rikers and roam the jail .
id: 02b5824901359c2a844c5d90410585c6ee105e61
chatgpt: In a shocking turn of events, a former inmate of New York City's largest jail has been accused of sneaking back into the facility and impersonating a Department of Correction investigator. The accused, identified as Matthew Matagrano, has been charged with several counts of impersonation and criminal trespassing. According to officials, Matagrano managed to gain access to Rikers Island by using a fake badge and ID card. He reportedly roamed the facility for at least a week before he was caught. The accused is a registered sex offender, and his presence inside the jail has raised serious concerns about the safety of other inmates. In a statement released to the media, the Department of Correction condemned the accused's actions and assured the public that steps are being taken to prevent a similar incident from occurring in the future. The statement reads, "The safety and security of all individuals within our facilities is our top priority, and we take any breaches of our protocols very seriously." Matagrano's motives for sneaking back into the jail remain unclear. However, investigators are looking into his past to determine whether he has any links to criminal organizations or gangs operating within the facility. The accused has a history of run-ins with the law, including several convictions for sex offenses. He was most recently released from prison in 2012 after he served a sentence for repeatedly sneaking into a Manhattan high school and posing as a student. The incident has raised questions about the security measures in place at Rikers Island, which houses over 9,000 inmates on a daily basis. Critics have argued that the facility is severely understaffed, which makes it easier for individuals like Matagrano to breach security protocols. However, officials have maintained that the security measures in place at Rikers Island are some of the most stringent in the country. The facility is equipped with state-of-the-art surveillance systems, and all visitors are required to go through several layers of identity verification before they are allowed inside. Despite these measures, incidents like this serve as a stark reminder that no system is foolproof. As investigations into the accused's actions continue, many are calling for a thorough review of the security protocols in place at Rikers Island to prevent similar incidents from occurring in the future. In the meantime, Matagrano remains in police custody and is facing several charges of criminal trespassing and impersonation. If convicted, he could face several years in prison. The accused's lawyer has not commented on the case, and it remains unclear whether Matagrano will have legal representation in court.