article: 'Attack': Johnathan Ball, 26, allegedly bit off a broker's nose in the middle of a crowded nightclub . A City worker bit off a broker’s nose in the middle of a crowded nightclub in the capital after a row over a spilt drink, a court heard today. Johnathan Ball, 26, of Whetstone, north London, is said to have sunk his teeth into Christopher Woolcott on the dancefloor at Babble City. The alleged attack was described as ‘completely unnecessary’ and ‘savage’ at the Old Bailey. Mark Gadsden, prosecuting, said: ‘He got on top of him and using his teeth bit into the other man’s nose with sufficient ferocity that he bit through the cartilage and the flesh of the nose and then using his teeth ripped off the front of the other man’s nose.’ Mr Woolcott, a broker in his 30s, was out celebrating a friend’s birthday when a trivial row started in the early hours of February 24, 2013. Mr Gadsden said: ‘In the crowded nightclub it would seem a drink got spilt over somebody else. An apology wasn’t forthcoming or wasn’t accepted and people involved decided punches should be thrown. 'The bouncers intervened and Mr Ball is pulled to one side and Mr Woolcott is pulled away to the other side and the event should have ended there.’ CCTV footage shows Ball then broke free of the door staff and launched himself at Mr Woolcott, the court heard. ‘At that point he decided he was going to launch a completely unnecessary and savage attack on the other man who was then being restrained by the bouncers,’ said Mr Gadsden. Location: The incident happened on the dancefloor at Babble City on Old Broad Street near Liverpool Street train station in the City of London last year. The club is pictured here in its former guise as The Wall . ‘He broke free of them, lunged across the dancefloor, grabbed hold of the other man’s head and then wrestled him out of the grip of the bouncers, pulled him to the floor and then got on top of him.’ The alleged biting was not captured on CCTV but Mr Woolcott was said to have been left with blood streaming from the wound as Ball left the club on Old Broad Street near Liverpool Street train station. 'An apology wasn't forthcoming or wasn't accepted and people involved decided punches should be thrown' Mark Gadsden, prosecuting . Mr Woolcott has since had to have a skin graft to repair the damage, the court was told. Ball initially told police that the attack was carried out by somebody else but now accepts he was responsible for the injury and claims he acted in self-defence, it was said. Mr Gadsden added: ‘The Crown say that is completely wrong.’  Ball denies inflicting grievous bodily harm with intent and the lesser alternative of inflicting grievous bodily harm. The trial continues. Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
highlights: Johnathan Ball 'sank his teeth into Christopher Woolcott at London club' Alleged attack described in court as 'completely unnecessary' and 'savage' 'Trivial row turned into punches being thrown and bouncers intervening'
id: a03c70ade4c53882690b7c19580f80c8a188c285
chatgpt: A man named Jonathan Ball is currently on trial after allegedly carrying out a "savage" attack on Christopher Woolcott at a London club. The court has heard that a "trivial row" quickly turned violent, resulting in Ball reportedly biting Woolcott. Eyewitnesses say that the altercation began with a disagreement between the two men, but quickly escalated when punches were thrown. Bouncers at the club intervened, but according to reports, Ball continued his attack, even after he was separated from Woolcott. The prosecution has described Ball's alleged behavior as "completely unnecessary," and has argued that he posed a serious risk to Woolcott's wellbeing. Witnesses have also testified that Woolcott suffered significant injuries as a result of the attack, including bite marks and bruising. In court, Ball has maintained his innocence, claiming that he was acting in self-defense. He has argued that Woolcott was the aggressor in the altercation, and that he acted only to protect himself. However, the prosecution has challenged Ball's version of events, pointing out that he continued his attack even after he was no longer in danger. They have also argued that there is no evidence to suggest that Woolcott posed a threat to Ball, and that his actions were motivated purely by aggression. The trial has attracted significant attention in the UK, with many people expressing concern about the level of violence that appears to be happening in the country's nightlife scenes. Many people have called for greater regulation of clubs and bars, as well as stricter punishments for violent behavior. The case also raises questions about the role of bouncers in preventing violence in nightclubs. While they were able to intervene in the altercation between Ball and Woolcott, it appears that they were unable to prevent Ball from carrying out his attack. The trial is ongoing, and it remains to be seen what the outcome will be. However, it is clear that this case has significant implications for the country's nightlife culture, and it may lead to changes in the way that clubs and bars are regulated in the future.