article: A plan to open a new ‘Sangatte-style’ camp in Calais for UK-bound migrants was rejected by the French government last night, but ‘welcome centres’ offering advice on claiming asylum in Britain may soon go ahead. Interior minister Bernard Cazeneuve ignored the pleas of Calais mayor Natacha Bouchart for a hostel for those determined to get to the UK as a solution to the immigration crisis blighting the port. Mme Bouchart blames Britain’s generous welfare and asylum systems for attracting a stream of migrants from Africa, Asia and the Middle East which have brought havoc to the streets of Calais. M Cazeneuve dismissed the call for a base for the migrants – likened to the notorious Red Cross camp at Sangatte used by thousands as a launch pad to Britain before it was closed in 2002 . Authorities are struggling to maintain order with up to 2,000 UK-bound migrants living in makeshift camps and squats around the town. Armed gangs fight for control of the best vantage point from which to break into trucks boarding ferries to Dover – on Saturday alone police found 300 stowaways hidden in lorries. But M Cazeneuve dismissed the call for a base for the migrants – likened to the notorious Red Cross camp at Sangatte used by thousands as a launch pad to Britain before it was closed in 2002 – even before a meeting with Mme Bouchart in Paris began. He said: ‘I don’t want to create a shelter that would be a hub for migrants. The French minister has called on Britain and other EU members, to do more to tackle the growing problem of illegal immigration (above) Interior minister Bernard Cazeneuve ignored the pleas of Calais mayor Natacha Bouchart for a hostel for those determined to get to the UK as a solution to the immigration crisis blighting the port . ‘I don’t want to dismantle an illegal immigration network while at the same time putting the conditions in place for the trafficking to continue.’ The French minister has called on Britain and other EU members, to do more to tackle the growing problem of illegal immigration. And last night the creation of ‘welcome centres’ offering advice to the thousands of migrants who pass through France as they head for the UK moved a step closer – with calls for them to be funded by the British Government. Calais MP Yann Capet said: ‘There is no question of the British washing their hands of this problem.’
highlights: Calais mayor wanted permission to build another Sangatte camp to house 400 migrants . Official figures put the current number of migrants sleeping rough in a squat camp and in disused buildings in the town at 1,300 . Calais mayor Natacha Bouchart  blames Britain’s generous welfare and asylum systems for attracting a stream of migrants from Africa, Asia and the Middle East .
id: 20649f91b4b8875bf8ea740be2e36fa7fd1c69dc
chatgpt: Calais Mayor, Natacha Bouchart, has requested permission to build a new camp in the northern port town to house 400 migrants. The move comes as official figures show that there are currently 1,300 migrants sleeping rough in a squalid makeshift camp and in disused buildings in Calais. The proposed new camp would be similar to the infamous Sangatte camp, which was closed down in 2002 after an influx of migrants caused tensions between France and the UK. Bouchart believes that the new camp would provide a more humane living environment for migrants and help to reduce the number of people sleeping rough in the town. However, her proposal has been met with a mixed response. Critics have argued that building another camp will only attract more migrants to Calais, and that the problem needs to be tackled at its source. Bouchart, however, blames the UK’s generous welfare and asylum systems for attracting migrants from Africa, Asia, and the Middle East to Calais. She argues that the UK should take a greater share of responsibility for the crisis, as many of the migrants in Calais are hoping to enter the UK illegally. The UK government has already provided funding to improve security at the Channel Tunnel and to help the French authorities deal with the crisis, but Bouchart believes that this is not enough. She wants the UK to do more to address the underlying causes of the crisis, such as poverty and conflict in the migrants’ home countries. Meanwhile, the situation in Calais continues to deteriorate. Migrants are living in squalid conditions, and there have been reports of violence and intimidation in the makeshift camp. The French authorities have been criticized for their handling of the crisis, with some accusing them of not doing enough to provide basic support for the migrants. The debate over the proposed new camp is likely to continue, with both sides arguing their case. However, what is clear is that the crisis in Calais is not going away anytime soon. Migrants will continue to flock to the town in the hope of finding a better life, and the French authorities will be left to deal with the fallout. In the meantime, Bouchart will continue to push for a new camp to be built, arguing that it is the most humane way to deal with the crisis. Whether she will succeed remains to be seen – but what is certain is that something needs to be done to address the desperate plight of the migrants in Calais.