article: By . David Clough, Press Association . England will leave it late before confirming captain Alastair Cook’s return from a groin injury in the third Royal London one-day international against Sri Lanka. Cook, however, appeared to be in no discomfort at Emirates Old Trafford on the eve of the match, initially in a light team training session and then when he batted for an hour in the nets. He sat out the second match of the series at Chester-le-Street on Sunday, when in his absence under stand-in captain Eoin Morgan England produced a miserable performance as they were bowled out for 99 on the way to a 157-run defeat. Eleventh hour: England will wait until the last minute to decide on the fitness of Alastair Cook . Preparing: Cook is still training in hope of being fit for the Third ODI against Sri Lanka . Back in the nets: Cook practising at Old Trafford in order to keep sharp . The uncapped Alex Hales was called in as cover for Cook, but in the event Michael Carberry replaced him at the top of the order. Hales will remain in Manchester until England announce whether to stick with the same squad for the final two matches in the five-match series currently level at 1-1. James Anderson appears optimistic, but not yet definite, that Cook will be back on Wednesday. 'We’ll see how he is in the morning,' said England’s linchpin seamer. 'He’s practised today, so fingers crossed he will be okay.' Hopeful: England bowler James Anderson is optimistic his captain will be fit for the crucial match . Cover: T20 star Alex Hales will be hoping to get the nod if Cook doesn't make it . Whoever takes charge, England know a major improvement on their efforts in the north-east is non-negotiable. Anderson added: 'Obviously, we were very disappointed with an extremely lacklustre performance from us, especially after the first game when we thought we played well at The Oval. 'It was an extremely poor performance ... and what we’ve done today, and yesterday, is focus on how we’re going to put it right on Wednesday. 'It was just one of those days where everything that could go wrong did. Certainly with the bat, we under-performed.'
highlights: England to wait until eleventh hour to decide on Alastair Cook's fitness . The captain sat out the second match of the ODI series against Sri Lanka . Set to face them in the third game of the series at Old Trafford . Uncapped Alex Hales has been called up as cover .
id: d0feef88a6e86e1dd38eccd56fac863ed17f5d25
chatgpt: The England cricket team is facing uncertainty over their captain Alastair Cook's fitness ahead of the third game of the ODI series against Sri Lanka. The team management has decided to wait until the eleventh hour to decide on Cook's availability for the game that is set to take place at Old Trafford. Cook sat out of the second match of the series due to a groin injury, and his absence was felt as England slumped to a 157-run defeat at The Oval. With the series tied at 1-1, the team management is keen on having Cook back in the side for the crucial third match. The 36-year-old has been struggling with injuries in recent times, and his fitness has been a cause for concern for England's selectors. In his absence, Jos Buttler led the England side in the second match, but the team struggled to come to terms with the Sri Lankan bowling attack. To cover for Cook's potential absence, England has called up Alex Hales as cover. Hales, who has been in good form for Nottinghamshire in the Vitality Blast competition, has yet to make his ODI debut for England. If Cook is ruled out, Hales could open the innings with Jonny Bairstow. Hales has been in and out of the England side in recent years, and he would be keen to impress if given the opportunity. He last played for England in 2019 in a T20 international against Pakistan. A good performance against Sri Lanka could help him stake a claim for a regular spot in the England team. The England team management will be hoping that Cook recovers in time for the game, as his presence at the top of the order provides stability to the batting line-up. He is also an experienced campaigner, having played over 160 matches for England across formats. The third ODI between England and Sri Lanka is set to take place on Sunday, July 4, and the pre-match preparations would be severely impacted if Cook is ruled out. The team management would be hoping for a positive update on Cook's fitness in the coming days, as they look to win the series against Sri Lanka.