article: Washington (CNN) -- U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder on Monday announced a Justice Department program to try to thwart recruitment by extremist groups such as ISIS, attempting to involve social and mental health workers as well as religious leaders and police to spot radicalization early. This effort is an outgrowth of existing community outreach programs that in recent years have linked Justice Department prosecutors, the FBI and the Department of Homeland Security with imams and local organizations hoping to prevent young people from joining terror groups. Despite those efforts, authorities say more than 100 Americans have traveled in recent years to join groups involved in the Syrian civil war. More than a dozen are believed to have joined ISIS, which calls itself the Islamic State. What's the world going to do about ISIS? The FBI and other agencies are grappling with trying to track those who not only support radical groups online but also help recruit and try to travel to join the fight. The Obama administration says the new program will reach out to social services and mental health workers to help spread what is known about extremist groups' recruitment methods. The idea is not only to counteract recruitment but also to encourage local community intervention efforts before law enforcement has to pursue possible prosecution. "We have established processes for detecting American extremists who attempt to join terror groups abroad," Holder said in a video message posted on the Justice Department's website. "And we have engaged in extensive outreach to communities here in the U.S. -- so we can work with them to identify threats before they emerge, to disrupt homegrown terrorists and to apprehend would-be violent extremists. But we can -- and we must -- do even more." A U.S. official said one of the first such places expected to be part of the new program is Minneapolis, where in recent years young people have been recruited to join the Islamist group Al-Shabaab in Somalia, and more recently Syrian Islamist rebel groups. The Justice Department has worked with local religious and community groups to help provide support when those communities face discrimination while using those contacts to find out when there are concerns about radicalization. However, in recent years, some imams and family members have complained about the heavy law enforcement response when they contact officials to express concern about specific members of their community. The U.S. efforts are similar to those done in the UK and other countries, which have sought to remove counter-radicalization efforts away from the focus of law enforcement.
highlights: Justice Department effort will try to involve community to spot radicalization early on . Program will reach out to social services and mental health workers . More than a dozen Americans are believed to have joined ISIS .
id: 1edb64ae21342bf2242fa42ae14d7057b4f90908
chatgpt: The United States Department of Justice is launching a new campaign aimed at involving local communities in the early detection and prevention of radicalization. The program will rely on the outreach efforts of social services and mental health workers to identify individuals vulnerable to extremist ideologies. The initiative comes on the heels of recent reports that more than a dozen Americans have joined ISIS, the radical Islamic group currently causing chaos in the Middle East. Officials fear that the group's successful online recruiting has made it easier for people to become radicalized without ever leaving their homes. Attorney General Loretta Lynch announced the program in a press conference, stating that "the fight against terrorism must be a national effort, and we have to involve everyone in that effort -- law enforcement, community leaders, and ordinary citizens." The initiative, dubbed the "Community Empowerment Program," will take a grassroots approach to identifying and preventing radicalization. Social service providers, healthcare workers and mental health professionals will be encouraged to report any signs of extremist beliefs or behavior to local authorities. The program will also include a training component, aimed at educating service providers on how to spot the signs of radicalization and how to appropriately report such activity. The Department of Justice hopes that the initiative will prove effective in identifying potential threats early on, before those threats have the opportunity to become a reality. Past programs have had some success in this area, but officials say that more needs to be done. In the years since the 9/11 attacks, the US government has implemented several initiatives aimed at preventing radicalization. However, many of these programs have been criticized for being heavy-handed and unfairly targeting Muslim communities. This new program takes a different approach, focusing on collaboration between law enforcement and community organizations. The hope is that by involving local communities in the fight against radicalization, the program will be more effective in identifying and preventing potential threats. The Community Empowerment Program has received support from a wide range of community leaders and organizations, who see it as a positive step in the ongoing fight against terrorism. "We need to be proactive, not reactive, when it comes to identifying potential terrorists," said Imam Mustafa Abdul-Mujeeb, a leader in the Muslim community. "This program is a step in the right direction, and we welcome the opportunity to play a role in keeping our communities safe." The Community Empowerment Program is set to roll out in communities across the country in the coming months. Officials hope that it will prove effective in preventing radicalization and keeping Americans safe from extremist threats.