article: Just moments before the hostage situation at Martin Place began, police announced the arrest of two Sydney men  as part of a major counter-terrorism investigation. At least thirteen people are currently being held hostage by at least one armed gunman at the Lindt cafe in Martin Place - a major business, legal and media centre in Sydney's central business district. The Australian Federal Police apprehended a 25-year-old terror suspect in Beecroft in Sydney's leafy north-western suburbs this morning, reportedly as he was leaving a prayer hall. Seven News identified one arrested man as Ali Al Talibi but police would not confirm this information to Daily Mail Australia. A NSW police spokeswoman said there was 'nothing to indicate [a link between the two incidents] at this stage'. Scroll down for video . Distressed Lindt cafe workers and customers were seen pressed up against the glass at Martin Place . Around 13 people were understood to be held hostage at the cafe . Heavily armed police are on the ground in the centre of Sydney's central business district . Police dressed in black and wielding heavy assault rifles have swarmed the city's streets . Beecroft, where this morning's raid occurred, is located in Sydney's lower north-western suburbs . In a statement early this morning, the Federal Police said the suspect was taken into custody 'as part of continuing investigations into the planning of a terrorist attack on Australian soil'. The investigation also concerned the 'facilitation of travel of Australian citizens to Syria to engage in armed combat'. Another man is understood to have already been in custody. Many shaking and sobbing witnesses have been seen pressed up against the glass windows of the cafe along with a black flag featuring white Islamic writing. Radio 2GB host Ray Hadley has reported the hostagetaker 'is telling negotiators he has got control of the city'. The Sydney Opera House was evacuated and the Prime Minister announced the National Security Committee had been convened in Canberra. Armed guards were present out the front of Parliament House in Canberra . The Lindt chocolate cafe is located in the legal and administrative centre of the Sydney CBD . The police operation in Beecroft was spearheaded by the Australian Federal Police . Earlier this year, Omarjan Azari, 22, above, was arrested and charged with terrorism offences . 'It's a very fluid situation at the moment,' an AFP spokesman told Daily Mail Australia this morning. The AFP has cancelled plans to hold a press conference about the raids. In September, Australia witnessed the largest terror raids the country has ever seen with more than 800 police officers involved in operations across the Sydney basin.
highlights: Terrifying hostage crisis in Martin Place this morning followed a counter-terrorism raid on a home in Beecroft, in Sydney's north-west . At least thirteen people are understood to be inside with the gunman and the Sydney Opera House has been evacuated . NSW police spokeswoman said there is 'nothing to indicate' at link between the two events 'at this stage'
id: 95ed71b9a8f108dc03e2bca68b1aff479e6a672f
chatgpt: A hostage crisis unfolded in Sydney's central business district this morning after a gunman took control of a cafe in Martin Place. The incident followed a counter-terrorism raid on a home in Beecroft, which is located in Sydney's north-west. At least thirteen people are understood to be trapped inside the Lindt Chocolat Cafe, where the gunman has been holding them hostage since just before 10:00 am. According to reports, the gunman has demanded to speak with the Australian Prime Minister, Tony Abbott, and has made other demands as well. The NSW police have said that there appears to be no link between the events in Beecroft and the hostage situation at the cafe. However, they are treating the situation as a terrorist incident and have asked the public to remain vigilant. The Sydney Opera House has been evacuated due to the ongoing situation in Martin Place, and the police have established a wide security cordon around the area. The Australian Federal Police and tactical units have also been deployed to assist in the response. The police have urged people to stay clear of the area, and have advised those who work in the Martin Place area to stay home until further notice. Public transportation services in the area have also been disrupted, with trains and buses being diverted away from the area. The situation in Martin Place has elicited reactions from leaders around the world, with US President Barack Obama expressing his concern and offering support to the Australian government. The British Prime Minister David Cameron also tweeted his support, saying 'we stand with Australia at this difficult time.' This incident comes just months after the Australian government raised the national terrorism threat level to 'high.' The government has been concerned about the rise of radical Islam in the country and has also passed a controversial new law that gives intelligence agencies greater powers to combat terrorism. The situation in Sydney remains fluid, and the police have asked for the public's cooperation and patience as they work to resolve the crisis. There is no word on when the situation might come to an end, but the authorities are doing everything they can to ensure the safety of those inside the cafe and the surrounding area. As the day wears on, the eyes of the world will remain fixed on Martin Place in Sydney, where a terrifying and dangerous hostage crisis continues to unfold.