article: Vermont's governor on Thursday signed a bill into law that will require the labeling of genetically modified foods -- hailing it as the first such law in the nation. Under the new law, food offered for retail sale that is entirely or partially produced with genetic engineering must be labeled as such by July 2016. "Vermonters take our food and how it is produced seriously, and we believe we have a right to know what's in the food we buy," said Gov. Peter Shumlin. "More than 60 countries have already restricted or labeled these foods, and now one state -- Vermont -- will also ensure that we know what's in the food we buy and serve our families." In the absence of federal action, other states have introduced similar legislation or ballot initiatives, according to the non-profit Center for Food Safety. Maine and Connecticut passed laws requiring labeling, but they won't go into effect until other states pass GMO-labeling laws. Vermont is the first to pass a "no strings attached" bill, the watchdog group said. Supporters of the law expect it will be challenged in court. "I can make no predictions or promises about how the courts will ultimately rule but I can promise that my office will mount a vigorous and zealous defense of the law that has so much support from Vermont consumers," said Vermont Attorney General William Sorrell. The governor tweeted: "Those opposed will put up a fight. Help us fight back." Cathleen Enright, executive vice president for food and agriculture for the Biotechnology Industry Organization, a trade group, warned that mandated labeling could make food costs for the average household could go up as much as $400 a year. She stressed foods made from genetically modified crops are as safe as any other. "And these same GM crops have enabled farmers to produce more on less land with fewer pesticide applications, less water and reduced on-farm fuel use," Enright said in a statement. The U.S. Department of Agriculture Food Safety and Inspection Service approved a non-GMO label for meat and liquid egg products in June, the first time the department has approved such a label from a third party. GMO foods were approved for human consumption in 1995, but the Food and Drug Administration never required any labels pointing them out as such.
highlights: Food entirely or partially produced with genetic engineering must be labeled . The law, set to go in effect July 2016, is the first of its kind in the United States . Gov. Shumlin: "We believe we have a right to know what's in the food we buy"
id: 806f58a6e2f321b85cece7b470edf31bad1a7ed9
chatgpt: As of July 1, 2016, Vermont has become the first state in the United States to require food entirely or partially produced with genetic engineering to be labeled. The law, signed by Governor Peter Shumlin in 2014, has been a controversial topic for the food industry. Supporters of the law believe that consumers have the right to know what is in their food and make informed decisions about what they consume. Governor Shumlin stated, "We believe we have a right to know what's in the food we buy, and this bill puts Vermont on the forefront of a movement to ensure that consumers across the country have that same right to know." Opponents of the law argue that genetically modified organisms (GMOs) have been proven safe and labeling these foods creates unnecessary fear and confusion among consumers. Many major food companies and organizations, including the Grocery Manufacturers Association, have fought against the law in court but were ultimately unsuccessful in overturning it. The Vermont law requires all pre-packaged food products intended for human consumption to have a label indicating if they were produced wholly or partially with genetic engineering. The label must be prominently placed on the front or back of the product and will include language such as "partially produced with genetic engineering" or "may be produced with genetic engineering." Exemptions to this law are limited and include foods that are, "derived from an animal that consumed feed produced with genetic engineering, processed with a genetically engineered processing aid, or that was produced with a genetically engineered vaccine." Meat and dairy products from animals that were themselves genetically modified do not need to be labeled under the Vermont law. The Vermont law is seen as a landmark victory for the GMO labeling movement and is expected to have far-reaching effects on the food industry. Many other states have proposed similar laws, and some have already passed them, but have delayed implementation pending the outcome of lawsuits in Vermont. As consumers become more aware of the presence of GMOs in their food, demand for non-GMO products is on the rise. Many food companies have already begun to voluntarily label their products as non-GMO to appeal to these consumers. The effects of the Vermont law are yet to be fully realized, but it represents a significant step forward in the ongoing debate over GMOs and the right to know what is in our food.