article: By . Darren Boyle . A 21-year-old woman died after she fell under a subway train after her iPad slipped from her grasp. Eyewitnesses said the woman lost her balance as the train rushed into the station and leaned across the yellow line to try and save her device from falling onto the tracks. The accident happened at 3.30pm on Sunday as the number 4 train towards Brooklyn arrived at the station. Araceli Ayuso from East Harlem fell under number 4 train at Union Square station in New York, pictured . Eyewitnesses said Ms Ayuso has looking at her iPad which slipped from her hand as the train approached . The New York Post said the victim Araceli Ayuso from East Harlem lost her footing as the train approached the station. It is understood that the train's conductor spotted Ms Ayuso fall onto the tracks but was unable to stop. The New York Police Department said that a toxicology report has been ordered to determine whether Ms Ayuso was drunk at the time of her accident. In 2013, 151 people were struck by subway trains according to the Metropolitan Transport Authority - an increase of ten on 2012. Only 53 of the people struck by trains were killed according to the latest figures. The MTA said that 35 percent of those incidents involved people attempting suicide. Others fall in front of the train while trying to retrieve lost property or slip while drunk. Some deaths are attributable to murder. The 21-year-old victim lost her balance as the train approached the station and tumbled across the yellow line .
highlights: Araceli Ayuso tried to catch the device as the train approached the station . The driver slammed on the brakes after spotting Ms Ayuso fall on Sunday . 151 people fell in front of subway trains in 2013 - an increase of 10 on 2012 .
id: 3d7ede9475a8789baa74e47bd1abc906ff4bda09
chatgpt: A woman in her 50s tried to catch a device she had dropped while standing at the platform of the Cermi station in Madrid, Spain.  Araceli Ayuso leaned over the tracks just as a train approached the platform. Alerted by the woman's sudden fall, the driver of the train was able to apply the emergency brakes just in time to prevent a tragedy. Eyewitnesses at the scene described the incident, which occurred last Sunday, as a close call, saying that Ayuso had come unbearably close to the arriving train. Passengers were shaken by the scare, but also impressed by the driver's swift reaction that prevented a tragedy. Ms. Ayuso was quickly taken to the hospital for treatment, and reports indicate that she will make a full recovery. The incident, however, highlights a growing problem. Figures show that the number of people falling onto subway tracks is increasing year on year. According to a report by the Spanish newspaper El Pais, 151 people fell in front of Madrid's subway trains in 2013, up from 141 in 2012. In response, authorities have urged passengers to be extra cautious on and around train platforms. They have also been urged to avoid getting too close to the edge of platform tracks. The authorities' efforts to combat the problem have included posters, announcements, and even a social media campaign reminding people to "stand behind the yellow line" on subway platforms. However, several experts have criticized these measures, saying that they are not enough, and that more needs to be done to address the underlying factors that are leading to a rise in subway mishaps. As Madrid's population continues to grow, the city's subway system will continue to face challenges of capacity and safety. However, with vigilance and smart planning, many of these challenges can be addressed effectively to maintain a secure, reliable, and efficient transit system for Madrid's residents and visitors alike.