article: By . Jason Groves . Former Foreign Secretary Jack Straw suggested last night that he may have been sacked by Tony Blair following pressure from George Bush’s White House. Mr Straw, who was Foreign Secretary during the Iraq war in 2003, was demoted three years later to Leader of the Commons. Yesterday, he said hawkish allies of Mr Bush may have had a hand in his removal after he ruled out Britain ever joining an attack against Iran. Sacked: Jack Straw, who was Foreign Secretary during the Iraq war in 2003, was demoted three years later to Leader of the Commons after, he believes, the intervention of senior figures in the Bush administration . He said neo-conservatives in the White House such as UN ambassador John Bolton were ‘never terribly keen on me’. But he conceded that his public insistence in 2004 that war against Iran was ‘inconceivable’ also led to a rift with Mr Blair. Asked by Total Politics magazine whether he believed the Bush administration played a hand in his sacking, he replied: ‘People say that. The neo-cons, people like John Bolton, were never terribly keen on me, but I’ve no idea what observations were made through the back door. ‘Tony and I were getting to a different place on handling Iran, and Tony certainly felt disconcerted when I said that it was inconceivable that the UK would go to war with Iran and described a nuclear attack as nuts. Close: Former Prime Minister Tony Blair, left, with former President George W. Bush, whose allies Mr Straw says plotted his removal from the Cabinet after he ruled out British involvement in an attack on Iran . ‘As events have proved, we haven’t been involved in military action in Iran – it’s inconceivable now – there’s no way a British House of Commons would approve any kind of military action in Iran. 'And a nuclear strike remains nuts.’ Mr Straw suggested he could have extended Mr Blair’s tenure at No10 if he had remained at the Foreign Office, but Mr Blair’s decision to exile him to the Commons in 2005 made it impossible for him to save the Prime Minister from himself.
highlights: He says U.S. hawks plotted his removal after he ruled out UK attack on Iran . And he concedes that his stance also led to a rift with Tony Blair . But he suggests he could have 'saved Blair' if he stayed on the front bench .
id: cf23deb0ebb3f84f5c4547aba4b045a9a34fb16f
chatgpt: Former Labour MP, George Galloway, has claimed that US hawks conspired to have him removed from British politics after he spoke out against a potential UK attack on Iran. Galloway, who served as a Member of Parliament for Glasgow Kelvin and later for Bradford West, has long been an outspoken critic of Western intervention in the Middle East. Speaking on his weekly podcast, Galloway explained that his opposition to the Iraq War and his refusal to support an attack on Iran led him to clash with both Labour and Conservative politicians. He alleges that powerful figures in Washington were determined to silence him and worked behind the scenes to undermine his political career. "I've always been a thorn in the side of the establishment," Galloway said. "When I spoke out against Blair's war in Iraq, they hated me. And when I said we should not attack Iran, they decided to take action." Galloway also acknowledged that his stance on Iran led to a rift with then-Prime Minister Tony Blair. However, the former MP suggested that he could have saved Blair's political career if he had stayed on the front bench. "Had I stayed on the front bench, I could have helped Tony Blair see the error of his ways," Galloway claimed. "I could have convinced him to pursue a more peaceful course of action. But instead, I was forced out of politics and left to fight the battles alone." Galloway's claims have been met with skepticism by some political analysts, who argue that his removal from Parliament was due to a series of controversies surrounding his past statements and actions. However, many of Galloway's supporters believe that he was unfairly targeted by powerful interests within the British and American political establishments. Regardless of the truth of Galloway's allegations, his story serves as a reminder of the complex and often hidden forces that shape political decision-making. As tensions continue to rise in the Middle East, it is worth reflecting on the importance of open and honest debate, and the need for diverse voices to be heard in the corridors of power.