article: By . Richard Spillett . Watford player Alexander Merkel had to fight off a four-strong gang of robbers at his home . A top footballer was attacked by a gang of robbers on mopeds who battered their way into his home and stole a bag from him. German international Alexander Merkel, 22, has been renting a house in Hampstead while on loan to Championship side Watford. A four-strong gang - who are believed to be behind a spate of similar attacks - were all dressed in black as they tried to smash down his front door with their mopeds. The Kazakhstan-born footballer opened the door at 10.30pm on May 2 and was immediately attacked by two of the men. After a struggle in which they failed to force him to part with his wristwatch, they grabbed a bag of his and fled. The two main attackers got away on mopeds which were driven by their two accomplices. Mr Merkel, who has previously played for Milan and Genoa in Italy, has been renting the house while on loan to Watford from Italian club Udinese. A neighbour, who heard the men trying to break their way in, called the police. He said : 'I heard a commotion outside and went to have a look. Two mopeds with four people on the back were outside a neighbour's front door. 'One of the guys tried to kick it in but bounced off in a rather comical fashion. They then tried to ram it with their scooters. 'It looked like they knew which house they wanted to get into - it's quite concerning.' Another . resident, who heard shouting and the revving of engines said: 'It really was . quite scary. We spoke to the victim afterwards and he looked quite . shocked.' Merkel, 22, pictured playing for Genoa in Italy, is currently on loan at Watford from Udinese . The raid, at Mr Merkel's home not far from Hampstead High Street, follows similar moped raids in nearby Hampstead Garden Suburb . The gang is believed to have struck in another street nearby an hour earlier. Merkel, who drives a Maserati, joined Watford on loan in January and played with them until the season ended. He scored his only goal of the season in a 3-0 win against Barnsley. A friend said today that the player was currently on holiday. He added: 'Luckily they did not manage to take very much and he is fine.' Detective Constable Andy Palmer, from Camden Police, said: 'I am sure this gang is known to certain members of the community so I would urge them to contact police before someone is seriously hurt.' He said the two main suspects were aged between 18 and 25. One was 6ft tall, of slim build and with an Irish accent. The other was 6ft 2in and of medium build.
highlights: Raiders targeted the north London home of Watford star Alexander Merkel . The gang tried to knock down front door of Hampstead home with mopeds . He opened the door and struggled with the men, who made off with bag . Believed to be second similar raid in upmarket area of capital in hours . Friend says Merkel, 22, is okay and robbers 'did not take much'
id: 2159e065e7395562b228cb2580539bc0012788bb
chatgpt: In a brazen act of crime in the early hours of Monday morning, a gang targeted the north London home of Watford football club's star midfielder, Alexander Merkel. The 22-year-old was reportedly at home in his Hampstead residence at the time of the attack. According to witnesses, the gang arrived at the house on mopeds and attempted to knock down the front door. Merkel, however, was quick to respond and opened the door to confront the would-be robbers. He engaged in a struggle with the men, who ultimately managed to snatch a bag from him before making their escape. Merkel's friend spoke out about the incident, reassuring fans that the footballer was unharmed and that the robbers "did not take much". This marks the second similar raid in the upmarket area of the capital in hours. The incident has caused alarm among residents, who expressed concern about their safety in the aftermath of the attack. Some residents have called on police to ramp up their presence in the area to prevent further criminal activity. The police have launched an investigation into the incident and appealed to witnesses for any information that could lead to the culprits' capture. The use of mopeds to carry out such attacks has become increasingly common in London in recent times, prompting calls for tougher measures to combat the trend. The football club released a statement expressing its concern for its player and condemning the attack. It called for better security measures in Hampstead to prevent such incidents from happening again. Merkel, who was born in Kazakhstan, joined Watford in 2019 from Italian club Udinese. He has played in several matches for the club this season and is considered a key player in their lineup. The attack on his home has sent shockwaves through the footballing community, with many expressing their solidarity and support for him on social media. Some have called on the authorities to take swift action to bring those responsible for the attack to justice. London has seen a sharp rise in crime in recent years, prompting authorities to introduce various measures to curb the trend. The attack on Merkel's home serves as a grim reminder that much work needs to be done to address the problem fully.