article: New York (CNN) -- New York City's annual Halloween parade may go dark for a second year if organizers don't raise $50,000 by Monday to make up for losses caused by Superstorm Sandy in 2012. For the first time in its 39-year history, the parade was canceled at the last minute in 2012 after Sandy "Frankenstormed" the event. In order to host the hundreds of puppets, more than 50 bands, dancers, artists and thousands of costumed New Yorkers, organizers say they must raise the sum by Monday. The organizers started a campaign to raise the money through online fundraising site Kickstarter.com that will end Monday. As of Thursday the online campaign had raised $47,200 donated by more than 800 backers. "We fronted money for the parade that we never got the chance to make back. This is a huge obstacle for our tiny not-for-profit arts organization," organizers said in the online campaign. "We lost a lot of money this year. We really went down," Matthew Fass, musical director of the parade, said in an online video, "It's looking like we can't have this parade unless we get your support, and we need help from everybody." Online organizers say that the parade will also provide a much-needed economic boost to the area's local businesses after being hard-hit by the storm. Often referred to as the Village Halloween Parade, the annual festivities have taken place every year on Halloween since 1973 and include more than 60,000 participants. Two million spectators line a mile-long stretch of 6th Avenue to watch, the online campaign boasts. "It's really up to you," Jeanne Fleming, artistic and producing director of the parade for the past 33 years, said in the online video, "We really need your help."
highlights: Superstorm Sandy forced organizers to cancel the parade in 2012 . Organizers must raise $500,000 by Monday or there will be no 2013 parade . Parade will boost local economy, organizers say .
id: dfdafb7a9f7f198d665e08e0ea8067014aa64ebe
chatgpt: Organizers of the annual Superstorm Sandy parade are in a race against time to raise $500,000 by Monday. Failure to meet the deadline will result in the cancellation of the 2013 parade. The parade has been an important tradition in the area, bringing residents and tourists together annually, to celebrate their resilience and strength against natural disasters. The parade was canceled in 2012 due to the devastating impact of Superstorm Sandy which hit the region. Organizers are optimistic they can meet the target, and are calling on individuals, local businesses, and organizations to lend their support. They believe that the parade will boost the local economy, which was negatively impacted by the storm. The event is expected to attract a large number of people, thereby creating business opportunities for vendors and boosting sales for local merchants. The parade has always been a source of pride for the community, and the cancellation of the 2012 event was a disappointment for many. For some, it was a stark reminder of the destruction and devastation caused by the storm. However, organizers have promised that the 2013 parade will be bigger, better and more meaningful than ever. Residents are excited about the possibility of the parade being revived, and are rallying behind the organizers to make it happen. Businesses have also pledged their support, recognizing the impact the parade can have on the local economy. The organizers have expressed their gratitude for the outpouring of support they have received so far. They remain optimistic that they will meet the target by Monday and make the 2013 parade a reality. With the countdown now on, the community waits with bated breath to see what the future holds for this beloved tradition.