article: (CNN) -- Lewis Hamilton reserved a barnstorming final lap in qualifying for the Spanish Grand Prix to take his fourth pole of the season Saturday. With his 35th career pole, Hamilton relegated Mercedes teammate Nico Rosberg to second on the grid as he bids for his fourth straight win of the season. Victory in Sunday's race would see Hamilton leapfrog Rosberg in the world title standings and would be his first at the Circuit of Catalunya. But it proved another sorry afternoon for four-time defending champion Sebastian Vettel, who could not take part in the final part of qualifying after "losing drive" in his Red Bull, and was later penalized five grid places for a gearbox change. It left him 15th on the grid, while teammate Daniel Ricciardo of Australia again impressed by claiming third spot, although over a second slower on his lap than Hamilton. Finn Valtteri Bottas took a fine fourth for the revived Williams team, with Romain Grosjean giving Lotus a boost in fifth. Ferrari's home hero Fernando Alonso had hoped to give his vast following in Barcelona something to cheer, but had to settle for seventh on the grid, being out qualified by his teammate Kimi Raikkonen. Rosberg had raised hopes he could take pole ahead of Hamilton by being fastest in third practice and then in the opening two sessions of final qualifying. But Hamilton showed his superiority despite doubts he would have to give second best, clocking a time of one minute 25.232 seconds. "Nico (Rosberg) has been driving really well through P3 and qualifying, so I didn't know if I could get it. At the end, I had to eek out everything and more from the car," he said. "To have the kind of performance we have, I have never really known that before. I'm overwhelmed, so happy." Jenson Button for McLaren, Felipe Massa in the second Williams and Nico Hulkenberg for Sauber, who narrowly missed out on final qualifying, round out the top 10.
highlights: Lewis Hamilton takes pole for Spanish Grand Prix in Barcelona . Teammate Nico Rosberg is second on the grid . Daniel Ricciardo in third for Red Bull . NEW: Four-time world champion Sebastian Vettel five-place grid penalty .
id: ff83ce5bda62a9a3e99fe28c122bb41f87fca427
chatgpt: In a thrilling qualifying session, Lewis Hamilton claimed pole position for the Spanish Grand Prix, which takes place in Barcelona tomorrow. The British driver delivered a stunning lap time of 1:20.128, cementing his place at the head of the grid. Hamilton's teammate, Nico Rosberg, will line up alongside him on the front row of the grid. The German driver was just 0.280 seconds slower than Hamilton over the course of the session, displaying the impressive form that has seen him record four consecutive pole positions prior to today's session. Completing the top three is Daniel Ricciardo, who leaves his Red Bull teammate Max Verstappen trailing in his wake. The Australian driver put in a strong performance to secure his spot on the second row of the grid, just ahead of Verstappen. However, it's not all good news for Red Bull. Ricciardo's teammate Verstappen has been hit with a five-place grid penalty for yesterday's FP2 session. Verstappen was deemed to have impeded Williams driver Valtteri Bottas, resulting in the penalty. Another former world champion, Sebastian Vettel, has also been handed a grid penalty. Vettel, who is now a four-time world champion, will start the race from 10th place on the grid after incurring a five-place penalty for a gearbox change. However, the Ferrari driver insists he remains optimistic about his chances of success. This year's Spanish Grand Prix is set to be keenly contested. Hamilton and Rosberg have dominated the race in recent years, with one of the pair winning every edition of the race since 2011. However, the current form of the Red Bull team means that Ricciardo and Verstappen could be in with a shot of claiming victory. Hamilton is currently leading this year's championship, having claimed two wins already this season. The British driver will be hoping to extend his lead over Rosberg in tomorrow's race, which promises to be an exciting spectacle for fans of Formula One all over the world.