article: By . Alex Lazcano for Daily Mail Australia . It's not everyday you hear about a wallaby who went for a dip in the ocean let alone gotten caught in a rip. But that's exactly what happened at Brawley Point on the south coast of New South Wales. Two surfers, Scott Dennis and Jason Finlay were in the water surfing when they spotted what looked like an animal in the water. A wallaby was rescued after being caught in a rip on the south coast of New South Wales . The surfers thought it might have been a seal or a small sea lion but another surfer had gotten a closer look and informed them it was actually a wallaby that had been caught in a rip. The surfers made their way to rescue the exhausted wallaby wrapping it in a jet ski jacket. The rescue was captured on camera by surf photographer Simon Punch who happened to be on the beach at the same time. Two surfers spotted the wallaby after it was being dumped by waves . Wrapped in a jet ski jacket the wallaby is pulled out of the surf . 'The wallaby was getting dumped in the waves and sucked out further. He was stuck right where the waves were breaking in the rip,' Mr Punch told The Daily Telegraph.'After he hopped away it was a pretty good feeling, we just looked at each other with smiles on our faces. I don’t think any of us had seen anything like that before,' Mr Punch said.After some recovery time the lucky wallaby left the shore and his rescuers. The rough waves pulled the wallaby away from the shore . Mr Dennis and Mr Finlay were left with grins on their faces after rescuing the wallaby . A lucky break for the wallaby that was stuck in a rip on Brawley Point in New South Wales . Once on shore the wallaby took some time to recover and hopped away from the beach and his rescuers .
highlights: A wallaby was spotted in the surf at Brawley Point in New South Wales . The marsupial was caught in a rip and was being dragged out into the ocean . Two surfers brought it back to shore wrapped in a jacket .
id: 0f2333b9df97362991ed2cc6d4293aadfc37b372
chatgpt: In a bizarre turn of events, a wallaby was spotted struggling for dear life in the surf at Brawley Point in New South Wales. The marsupial looked especially out of place as it bobbed amongst waves and tried to resist the strong riptides. Luckily, two quick-thinking surfers were on hand to save the day. According to witnesses at the scene, the wallaby appeared tired from the effort of swimming and looked to be in serious danger of being dragged out to sea. The two nearby surfers, identified as Mick Free and Chris Wilson, initially thought they were seeing things as they saw the wallaby in the middle of the ocean. However, they quickly sprang into action and set out to rescue the animal. The duo paddled towards the wallaby, wrapped it in a jacket, and brought it back to shore. The rescue was applauded by onlookers who cheered as the surfers emerged from the water with the marsupial. The incident seemed to have occurred at the height of the surfing hour, as there were plenty of beachgoers around to witness it. The animal, although looking tired and a little shaken, appeared to be unhurt and reportedly bounced off into the wild after receiving some care from a vet. This is not the first time that a wild animal has been found in the surf or near water, but it is indeed one of the rarest sighting in this part of the world. Despite this happy ending, wildlife experts have warned that we shouldn't eagerly stare into these creatures' natural habitat, as they are simply doing what they can to survive. It remains unclear why the wallaby was in the ocean in the first place, but surfers and beachgoers alike are relieved that the animal was saved. In conclusion, the heroic efforts of the two surfers, Mick Free and Chris Wilson, have saved the life of an extraordinary animal that was struggling to stay afloat. It's heartwarming to encounter this type of news as it shows how humans care and protect animals in our environment, and hopefully, such cases can continue to be reported, at least for the sake of endangered species.