article: (CNN) -- Iraqi President Jalal Talabani will travel to Germany for medical treatment, Kurdish lawmaker Mahmoud Othman said Wednesday. Talabani is in stable condition, his office said. Talabani was rushed to a Baghdad hospital Monday night in deteriorating health because of hardening of his arteries, his office told the media. But Othman, who is close to Talabani, said earlier this week that the 79-year-old leader had suffered a stroke. "His health condition is not very good," he said. Read more: Read more: Iraq's president in stable condition, office says . The president's office on Tuesday released a statement saying that Talabani was exhausted. "Recently, His Excellency President Jalal Talabani spent exhaustive efforts in order to accomplish harmony and stability in the country. Due to fatigue and exhaustion, His Excellency had a health emergency," the office said. Talabani was elected president of Iraq in 2005, in the nation's first free elections in more than 50 years. This is not the first time he has dealt with serious medical issues. At times, the exact nature of his ailments has been shrouded in secrecy. In February 2007, he fell ill and was flown to Jordan for treatment, and there were conflicting reports about what prompted his hospitalization. A hospital source told CNN at the time that doctors performed a catheterization procedure on his heart, but his family and aides denied that. Talabani's doctor and a spokesman for the president's office said then that he was suffering from exhaustion and lung inflammation, and underwent tests they described as precautionary. He did not return to Iraq until March of that year. Two months later, Talabani left for medical tests and to lose weight, his office said. He did not return until June. In January 2012, he had spinal surgery in Germany. CNN's Mohammed Tawfeeq and Hamdi Alkhshali contributed to this report.
highlights: Jalal Talabani was hospitalized earlier this week in Iraq . A Kurdish lawmaker said Talabani had a stroke . Talabani's office said he was suffering from hardening of the arteries .
id: 1aa50f9d8c09b5c41f86e3e4d325d1c03e102e6a
chatgpt: Former Iraqi President Jalal Talabani was hospitalized earlier this week after suffering a stroke, according to a Kurdish lawmaker. Talabani, who served as Iraq's president from 2005 to 2014, has been in poor health in recent years. His office initially described the hospitalization as due to "hardening of the arteries." Talabani is widely respected for his role in promoting Kurdish autonomy in Iraq and for his efforts to maintain internal stability during a tumultuous period of time. However, his health has been a source of concern for many in the Kurdish community. The Kurdish lawmaker, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said that Talabani had "suffered a stroke and has been taken to hospital for treatment." The lawmaker also noted that Talabani had been receiving treatment for a number of chronic health conditions. Many in the Kurdish community expressed their concern for Talabani's health, and several Kurdish officials visited him in the hospital to show their support. The details of Talabani's condition remain unclear, and there has been no update on his health status since his hospitalization. Talabani was born in 1933 in the Sulaymaniyah province of Iraqi Kurdistan. He was a member of the Patriotic Union of Kurdistan (PUK) and served as the secretary-general of the party from 1975 to 2017. Despite his party's Marxist ideology, he was widely regarded as a pragmatist and was known for his negotiating skills. During Talabani's tenure as president, he attempted to bring together the different religious and ethnic groups in Iraq. He played a key role in the drafting of the country's constitution and was known for his efforts in promoting democracy and human rights. As news of Talabani's hospitalization spread, many Kurds commented on social media, expressing their concern for his wellbeing. "He is a father figure for us Kurds," one Twitter user wrote. "We are all praying for him to recover." The hospitalization of Talabani comes at a sensitive time for Iraq, as the country continues to face political and economic challenges. However, many Kurds will be hoping that their beloved leader will make a full recovery and continue to play a vital role in the region's future.