article: After three previously unrealized opening dates starting as far back as 2006, One World Trade Center will finally open next week. The long awaited opening will come Monday as the first tenants move into the $3.9 billion, 1,776-foot skyscraper. Publishing giant Condé Nast and some 3,400 staffers will fill floors 20 through 44 starting Monday. Finally: The new World Trade Center with all its spectacular views will finally open next week after years of unrealized opening dates and political wrangling . While Condé Nast is the building's largest tenant, other companies have also signed on. Major tenants include the government's General Services Administration, the China Center trade facility and the advertising firm Kids Creative. Getting to this point was not a simple process. The original cost of the building doubled as the structure went up. And the opening date, which was initially set in 2006, was first moved from 2006 to 2011, then 2012 and now to November 2014. Condé Nast, and visitors for that matter, won't be able to take in the spectacular views of the 102nd floor's 120,000 square foot observation deck until spring 2015. Breathtaking: Looking north, the view extends all the way to the Catskills in the distance . To the north and west, visitors will see the busy Hudson River and New Jersey beyond . Once spring finally comes, visitors willing to shell out $29 will be treated to an elevator ride 102 floors up, where they will be greeted with sweeping views of New York City. State and city officials held a news conference in September from the 67th floor of 4 World Trade Center, which opened in November. A completed World Trade Center complex will create a vibrant district and make Lower Manhattan a business and shopping destination, they said. Although costs soared and plans changed for 1 World Trade Center at the beginning of construction, it will open sometime this fall, Rechler said. 'We owed it to all those who perished' to persist and complete the building, Rechler said. The center and a transportation hub will open in phases and may not have a grand opening, he said. The observation deck at One World Trade Center won't open until 2015, but when it does visitors will be treated to spectacular views. From the top, the rolling Catskill Mountains can be made out to the north. South of the tower, viewers will be able to make out New Jersey. Brooklyn is to the east, where the view extends to JFK Aiport, according to the New York Daily News. To the west is the busy Hudson River. Once spring finally comes, visitors willing to shell out $29 will be treated to an elevator ride 102 floors up, where they will be greeted with sweeping views of New York City .
highlights: Publishing giant Condé Nast and some 3,400 staffers will fill floors 20 through 44 starting Monday .
id: e1f73ec1fcfed3dba08f5e14364053dbe71c1234
chatgpt: Condé Nast, the renowned publishing giant, is all set to move into its new headquarters at One World Trade Center on Monday. The company, which is home to many famous publications such as Vogue, Vanity Fair, and The New Yorker, will occupy floors 20 through 44 of the 104-story building, spanning over 1 million square feet. The move represents a significant milestone in the company's history, as Condé Nast had been based at 4 Times Square since 1999. However, it had outgrown its previous location, and the move to One World Trade Center represents a new chapter for the company. The move has been in the works for several years, and the company has been working closely with the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey to ensure a smooth transition. The new headquarters have been designed with open spaces to encourage collaboration and creativity among employees. According to sources, around 3,400 employees will be working at the new location, which includes Condé Nast's editorial and corporate teams. Some of the company's top executives have already moved into the new location, and employees will begin moving in gradually over the next few weeks. The move comes at a time of significant change for the publishing industry, as digital disruption continues to transform the way people consume content. Condé Nast has been working to adapt its business model to keep up with these changes, including investing in digital platforms and diversifying its revenue streams. Despite the challenges posed by the rapidly changing industry, Condé Nast remains one of the leading players in the publishing world. With popular publications such as Vanity Fair, GQ, and Wired under its belt, the company is well-positioned to thrive in the years to come. The move to the new headquarters is just one of many initiatives the company has undertaken to ensure its future success. The company has also been focused on diversifying its revenue streams, including launching new products and partnerships. The new headquarters will serve as a hub for the company's operations and will provide employees with state-of-the-art facilities and amenities. It also represents a symbol of the company's resilience and determination to succeed in an ever-changing industry. As employees begin to settle into their new surroundings, there is a sense of excitement and anticipation for what the future holds for Condé Nast. With a new home at One World Trade Center, the company is poised to continue its legacy as one of the most influential and respected publishers in the world.