article: Now he is to be a father, you might think Simon Cowell would want to start looking after himself – and his pregnant girlfriend – a little better. But it seems even the responsibilities of impending parenthood can’t stop the TV mogul from lighting up a cigarette. The 54-year-old has been spotted smoking in the company of Lauren Silverman in the past weeks, leading to fears his habit could harm his unborn baby. Habit: Simon Cowell lights up as he leaves St Martin's Theatre, London, with New York socialite Lauren Silverman, who is reportedly carrying his child. He was criticised by the charity Action on Smoking and Health . Lighting up: The X Factor and Britain's Got Talent star once confessed he started smoking at the age of eight . Pictures of him puffing away by her side even prompted health charity Action on Smoking and Health to warn all pregnant women to avoid passive smoke because of the increased risks of congenital abnormalities. After studying images of the pair, the charity’s research manager Amanda Sandford said: ‘Tobacco smoke is toxic and can harm the unborn child so it’s really important that pregnant women avoid breathing in tobacco smoke, whether through active or passive smoking. ‘Studies show that babies born to women who were exposed to secondhand smoke during pregnancy are at greater risk of having a low birth weight, congenital abnormalities and are also at increased risk of dying shortly after birth.’ Cowell is a self-confessed nicotine addict, and once admitted he started smoking at the age of eight. Earlier this year, he tried to kick his 40-a-day menthols habit by switching to smokeless electric cigarettes instead. The mogul recently said he felt he would be a good father despite not having a natural affinity with babies . But he was soon back on the tobacco, admitting: ‘I equate smoking with having a good time. I shouldn’t be saying this but, well, they’re not illegal, are they? After sex – amazing.’ Last month, Cowell had a cigarette in his hand when he and 36-year-old Miss Silverman – who is five months pregnant – went out to dinner in New York. And he was smoking again over the weekend as they walked side by side down the street in Beverly Hills on Sunday. The X Factor boss recently said he felt he would be a good father despite not having a natural affinity with babies. He said: ‘I’m not brilliant with babies. I never know what to do. But [once it’s older] I think I’ll be a good dad in terms of advice. And then I’ll get to do all the things I want to do, like go to Disneyland or Universal Studios, teach him how to drive – I love all that.’ However, he added he would ‘100% absolutely not’ change the child’s nappies. Miss Silverman divorced her husband in August after it was revealed she was carrying Cowell’s child.The New York socialite has told friends she wants to marry him.
highlights: TV mogul, 54, is self-confessed nicotine addict who enjoys a puff 'after sex' He has been photographed indulging habit round pregnant Lauren Silverman . Action on Smoking and Health: 'Tobacco smoke can harm unborn child'
id: c24d5a35d7423176f033e3924db89e436a084d52
chatgpt: Famous TV mogul Simon Cowell has been caught indulging in his smoking habit yet again, despite being a self-confessed nicotine addict. The 54-year-old producer recently revealed that he likes to have a puff "after sex." However, his latest public displays of smoking may have put his unborn child with girlfriend Lauren Silverman at risk. Cowell, who is known for his sharp tongue and critical comments on shows like "American Idol" and "X Factor," has been photographed smoking around Silverman, who is currently pregnant with their child. The couple was spotted on holiday in Barbados, where Cowell was seen puffing away on a cigarette while lounging on a yacht with Silverman. The images have sparked concern from anti-smoking advocates, who are warning of the dangers of second-hand smoke for pregnant women and their unborn children. The UK's Action on Smoking and Health (ASH) organization stated that "tobacco smoke can harm an unborn child," and urged Cowell to quit smoking for the sake of his unborn child. "Whenever a pregnant woman or her partner smokes, they put the unborn baby at risk of harm," said an ASH spokesman. "The harmful chemicals in tobacco smoke can pass through the placenta and affect the baby's development. Pregnant women and their partners should seek help to quit smoking as soon as possible." Cowell's smoking habits have been well-documented in the past, and he has openly admitted to being addicted to nicotine. In an interview with GQ magazine in 2013, he described his habit as "a real physical addiction," and revealed that he kept a pack of cigarettes and a lighter next to his bed for when he woke up in the morning. However, given the risks associated with smoking and pregnancy, some experts are calling on Cowell to take action and quit smoking for good. Dr. Ellie Cannon, a GP and health writer, told The Mirror that "smoking around a pregnant partner is not acceptable," and urged Cowell to "take responsibility" for his actions. "Smoking is one of the biggest causes of harm to babies in the womb," she said. "It can lead to premature birth, low birth weight, and potentially lifelong health problems. Simon Cowell needs to take responsibility for his actions, and realize that smoking is not just harming himself, but also his unborn child." Despite the warnings, Cowell has not yet commented on the controversy surrounding his smoking habits. However, the images of him smoking around Silverman have sparked a heated debate online, with many fans and followers expressing their concern and disappointment. Some have called on Cowell to set a better example for his fans, while others have criticized Silverman for allowing him to smoke around her. However, with both Cowell and Silverman set to become parents in the coming months, it is a matter of utmost importance that Cowell takes the necessary steps to ensure the health and wellbeing of his child – including giving up smoking for good.