article: By . Chris Pleasance . When a couple in Hawaii came to buy a Jack Russell named Sally Mae for $85 from an animal shelter, staff happily handed the dog over, and took a picture to mark the occasion. But less than an hour later a very similar picture appeared on Craigslist which seemed to show the same dog up for sale - but this time for $200. The post even claimed Sally Mae was half her age, advertising her as a five-year-old dog instead of her actual age of ten. Jack Russell Sally Mae was adopted from shelter on Hawaii by couple who paid $85 - only to reappear in a Craigslist advert an hour later on sale for $200 . Followers of the Hawaii Humane Society shelter on Facebook spotted the similarities between the dogs after the woman holding Sally appeared wearing the same t-shirt. The ad claimed: 'My boyfriend and I is [sic] too caught up with work since we have 2 jobs each and she needs a family that'll give her attention. Please.' Furious website users demanded that the new owner return Sally Mae to the shelter, prompting workers from the animal home to contact the couple. While local news reports suggested that the woman initially refused to return the animal, the Hawaii Humane Society have now confirmed Sally Mae was given back to them. Jacque Vaughn, a spokesman for the shelter, said: 'Great news. Sally Mae was returned to us when the adopters recognized they could not care for her. 'She was adopted to a loving family this afternoon. We applaud them for returning her to us. They did the right thing and that's all that matters.' The ad listed Sally as five-years-old, which she is in fact ten. The shelter said they contacted Sally's owners who have now returned the animal after 'realizing they were unable to care for her' But social media users have have called the shelter's adoption process into question. Thomas Nitta wrote on the group's Facebook page saying: 'I wonder how they know these people are a loving family? Just wondering.' Callmea Cab added: 'The public outcry helped to prevent Sally Mae from being flipped on CL and more importantly made HHS realize that they need to update/revamp their adoption  policy.'
highlights: Ten-year-old Jack Russell Sally Mae adopted by couple in Hawaii . Shelter took picture of dog being held by new owners to celebrate . Hour later Craigslist post appeared with similar picture trying to sell dog . This time Sally Mae was listed as a five-year-old with price tag of $200 .
id: a171b78b91ada4e1b314baf45c462d2668829073
chatgpt: A heartwarming story of a ten-year-old Jack Russell terrier named Sally Mae has taken a controversial turn. Sally Mae was recently adopted by a loving couple in Hawaii, and the shelter where she was originally rescued posted a picture of the dog being held by her new owners to celebrate her finding her forever home. However, just an hour later, a post appeared on Craigslist with a strikingly similar picture of Sally Mae being held by someone else. This time, the post was trying to sell the dog and listed her as a five-year-old with a price tag of $200. The shelter where Sally Mae was adopted from is shocked and dismayed by this turn of events. They say that the new owners had fully intended to give Sally Mae a loving home, and they had even signed an agreement stating that they would not sell the dog. The shelter is now investigating how the dog ended up on Craigslist. Many people online are outraged by the Craigslist post and are calling for the person who posted it to be prosecuted for animal cruelty. They argue that it is cruel to sell a dog that has already been adopted, and that Sally Mae's new owners should be allowed to keep her in peace. The new owners of Sally Mae are heartbroken by the turn of events. They say that they fell in love with Sally Mae the moment they saw her and that they had no intention of ever selling her. They are now working closely with the shelter to figure out who posted the Craigslist ad and to ensure that Sally Mae is safe and happy. The shelter where Sally Mae was adopted from is reminding everyone that adopting a dog is a lifelong commitment. They are urging people to think carefully before adopting a dog and to make sure that they are prepared to provide a loving home for the rest of the animal's life. Sally Mae's story has touched the hearts of many, and her new owners are determined to give her the best possible life. They say that they will do whatever it takes to keep her safe and happy, and they are hoping that the person who posted the Craigslist ad will come forward and explain their actions. In conclusion, the story of Sally Mae is a reminder that adopting a dog is a serious commitment that should not be taken lightly. The new owners of Sally Mae are doing everything in their power to keep her safe, and the animal community is rallying behind them in their efforts to ensure that Sally Mae is well cared for.