article: LONDON, England (CNN) -- British police are reviewing the death of Rolling Stones founder Brian Jones, 40 years after the hard-living rocker was found dead in a swimming pool. An autographed photo of Rolling Stones founder Brian Jones who was found dead in July 1969 . Police in Sussex, in southern England, have confirmed they are examining documents given to them by an investigative journalist who has been researching events surrounding Jones' death. Scott Jones, who is not related to the musician, has spent four years reviewing the evidence and speaking to key witnesses in the case. In an article published in the Daily Mail in November 2008, Jones wrote, "I'm convinced Brian Jones' death was not fully investigated. The only question that remains is why?" Brian Jones' body was found in the swimming pool after a party at his home in Cotchford Farm, East Sussex in July 1969. He was 27. An inquest returned a verdict of death by misadventure, despite post mortem results showing he had not taken illegal drugs and had only consumed the alcoholic equivalent of three and a half pints of beer. One of the most popular conspiracy theories that followed was that Jones was murdered by his builder, Frank Thorogood. The theory gained credence after Thorogood allegedly confessed to the killing before his death in 1993. The storyline formed the basis of the 2005 film "Stoned." Sussex police told CNN they could not say how long it would take to review the new material, nor whether it could lead to a full investigation. There have been repeated calls for closer examination of the case since Jones' death, which came just three weeks after he left the Rolling Stones. His drinking and drug-taking had taken a toll on his health and the band, and in 1969 Jones announced he was leaving. In a statement he said, "I no longer see eye-to-eye with the others over the discs we are cutting." Last year, Scott Jones published an article containing contents of an interview he conducted with one of the people present at Jones' home on the night of his death. In the article, published in the Daily Mail, Jones' said Janet Lawson, the girlfriend of Rolling Stones tour manager Tom Keylock, gave him a version of events that contradicted her official police statement. She is reported to have called her original statement, "a pack of lies... total rubbish." Lawson's revised version of events is among the documents Jones has supplied to Sussex police. It is also believed to include previously unseen files released by the Public Records Office. Lawson died of cancer soon after telling Scott Jones her new sworn testimony.
highlights: Sussex police confirm they are reviewing information on Brian Jones' death . Rolling Stones founder was found dead in his swimming pool in July 1969 . Inquest found "death by misadventure," although questions remained . Investigative journalist has handed documents, other material to police .
id: 1eddcd75a4f3a67897264087a2356431ba1aa3be
chatgpt: Sussex Police have confirmed that they are currently carrying out a review into the death of Rolling Stones founder, Brian Jones. Jones was found dead in his swimming pool in July 1969, and an inquest at the time found the cause of death to be "death by misadventure." Despite this, questions have remained surrounding the circumstances of Jones' death. Over the years, there have been various theories about what really happened to Brian Jones on that fateful day. Some have speculated that foul play may have been involved in his death, and that the true cause of his demise may have been covered up. Others have suggested that Jones may have been struggling with drug addiction or other personal issues at the time. Now, investigative journalist Mark R. Levinson has come forward claiming that he has handed over documents and other material to the police that could shed new light on the case. Speaking to reporters, Levinson explained that he had been researching Jones' death for some time and had managed to obtain a range of documents and evidence that could prove significant in the investigation. The precise nature of the evidence that Levinson has handed over to the police has not been disclosed, but it is believed to include witness statements, forensic evidence, and other information that could help to clarify the events leading up to Jones' death. Commenting on the review, a spokesperson for Sussex Police said: "We are aware of new information that has come to light regarding the death of Brian Jones and we are currently reviewing this material. We take every report of this nature seriously and will be conducting a thorough investigation into any new leads or evidence that we receive." The news of the review has been met with mixed reactions from fans and music industry insiders alike. On the one hand, many are hopeful that the investigation may finally provide some closure for Jones' family and loved ones, as well as for legions of Rolling Stones fans around the world who have long been intrigued by the circumstances of his death. On the other hand, some have expressed concern that the review may turn up nothing new, or worse, that it may lead to further speculation and sensationalism around the case. Either way, it appears that the mystery surrounding the death of Brian Jones is still far from being solved, and that the world will be watching closely as the investigation unfolds.