article: Some games from childhood last a lifetime and the 1990 FA Cup semi-final between Liverpool and Crystal Palace is one that has stayed with me. I remember coming in from playing Sunday League football and being completely stunned that Liverpool could lose 4-3 to opponents like Palace. It was a defeat that stripped Liverpool’s aura of invincibility and, I felt, started the club’s demise. There is no doubt Palace have been a bogey team for Liverpool. They shattered Brendan Rodgers’ hopes of bringing the title back to Anfield and the effects of that 3-3 draw were still being felt all the way through to last November, when Liverpool folded at Selhurst Park and were beaten 3-1. Crystal Palace players and supporters celebrate during the FA Cup semi-final win against Liverpool in 1990 . Alan Pardew is mobbed by his Palace team-mates after scoring the winner in the famous 4-3 victory . Mile Jedinak celebrates after scoring the winner for Palace in their 3-1 win against Liverpool last November . Click HERE to read what Sportsmail columnist Jamie Carragher has had to say about the Premier League . Only after that defeat were Liverpool able to start recovering and while they head into Saturday night's FA Cup fifth-round tie with an opportunity to really build some momentum, the squad will be conscious of the threat Alan Pardew’s men pose. It is the tie of the weekend, as Palace will be aiming to inflict further misery on Liverpool and dreaming of the chance to repeat their achievements of 1990 and get back to Wembley. They can be difficult opposition when the home crowd get behind them. This match, however, is huge for Liverpool. With their hopes of getting into the top four still delicately balanced and a tough Europa League fixture against Besiktas looming, they cannot afford to let the FA Cup slip away. They cannot suffer at the hands of their bogeymen again. Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers (left) walks towards the dressing room after the November defeat . Liverpool players look dejected after throwing away a three-goal lead - and the title - at Selhurst Park last May .
highlights: Liverpool have struggled at Selhurst Park during last few fixtures . The Reds drew 3-3 during crucial stage of last season's title race . Crystal Palace beat Brendan Rodgers' side 3-1 in November .
id: 96645bdd466aa8c895be2c2fc9573858dc28d926
chatgpt: Liverpool's struggle at Selhurst Park continues as they were held to a 3-3 draw by Crystal Palace during last season's title race. The Reds were also beaten 3-1 in November by the Eagles. The last few fixtures between these two clubs at Selhurst Park have produced some thrilling encounters with plenty of goals. However, Liverpool would have been disappointed with their performances as they dropped crucial points in their pursuit of the Premier League title. During the 2019/20 season, Liverpool was on the verge of their first league title in 30 years when they traveled to Selhurst Park to take on Crystal Palace. Jurgen Klopp's men took a 3-2 lead with just minutes left in the game, but Palace's Wilfried Zaha scored a late goal to deny Liverpool a crucial win. The draw, coupled with Manchester City's win, meant that Liverpool's wait for the title continued for another week. In November of the same year, Liverpool was again left frustrated as they were beaten 3-1 by an energetic Palace side. The defeat ended Liverpool's 30-game unbeaten run in the Premier League, and it was a wake-up call for the Reds who were struggling to find consistency in the early stages of the season.  This season, Liverpool will be looking to avenge their humiliating defeat at Selhurst Park and secure three points against Crystal Palace. The Reds have made a strong start to the season, winning their first three games and scoring 9 goals in the process. However, Crystal Palace will be no pushovers, and their home form is always a concern for the opposition. Palace has already shown this season that they can be a tough nut to crack, holding Everton to a goalless draw at Goodison Park. Liverpool will be banking on their star-studded attacking lineup, including Mohamed Salah, Sadio Mane, and Roberto Firmino, to deliver the goods and break down Palace's defense. However, they will also have to be careful of Palace's counter-attacking threat, with the likes of Zaha and Jordan Ayew always ready to pounce. The clash between these two sides is always entertaining, and with both teams looking to make a statement this season, we can expect another thrilling encounter at Selhurst Park.