article: By . Jon Krawczynski . The San Antonio Spurs hired WNBA star Becky Hammon on Tuesday, making her the first full-time, paid female assistant on an NBA coaching staff. Hammon, who plans to retire from the San Antonio Stars after this season, spent time working with coach Gregg Popovich and the Spurs last season and made a strong impression on an organization with a history of forward-thinking moves. During the 2001-02 season, Cleveland Cavaliers coach John Lucas brought Lisa Boyer into the team's practices and some games. Boyer, now an assistant at South Carolina, was not paid by the Cavaliers and did not travel with the team, but did work with the players and coaches that season. Scroll down for video... Girl power: Beck Hammon has become the first full-time female assistant coach in the NBA . Game plan: The WBNA star speaks to Tom James, Director of Communicatios at the Spurs . Last season, Hammon attended Spurs practices, film sessions and sat behind the bench for the NBA champions at home game this season. She's been friends with Spurs teammates Tony Parker and Tim Duncan since competing in an NBA All-Star shooting competition in 2008. Switch: US born Hammon became a naturalised Russian citizen in 2008 and played for them in two Olympics . 'I very much look forward to the addition of Becky Hammon to our staff,' Popovich said. 'Having observed her working with our team this past season, I'm confident her basketball IQ, work ethic and interpersonal skills will be a great benefit to the Spurs.' It's the latest trailblazing move for the Spurs, who hired European coaching legend Ettore Messina to join Popovich's staff earlier this summer and have been the leaders in bringing international players to the NBA for almost two decades. The Spurs are coming off of their fifth NBA title, a decisive victory over the Miami Heat in June. The organization's stature as the league's gold standard, along with Popovich and GM RC Buford being viewed as two of the very best in the business, led other women who have long dreamed of coaching in the NBA to hope that this is the first major step toward bringing more women into the league.
highlights: Becky Hammon has become the first full-time female NBA assistant coach . The WBNA star plans to retire from the San Antonio Stars at end of season . Hammon impressed San Antonio Spurs coach Gregg Popovich . Lisa Boyer was previously used by the Cleveland Cavaliers but was not paid .
id: 928f7fe50cf332ced5ca1a0d77addd495eefc074
chatgpt: Becky Hammon has made history by becoming the first full-time female assistant coach in the NBA. The retired WNBA star, who currently plays for the San Antonio Stars, will be joining the San Antonio Spurs coaching staff as a full-time assistant coach at the end of the season. The 37-year-old Hammon had an impressive career as a player in the WNBA, playing for 16 seasons with the New York Liberty and the San Antonio Stars. Throughout her career, she was selected to the WNBA All-Star team six times and was named one of the league’s Most Valuable Players once. Hammon was designated as a Spurs coaching intern in 2014, which eventually led to her becoming a full-time assistant coach. San Antonio Spurs coach Gregg Popovich, a five-time NBA champion, has been impressed with Hammon’s coaching abilities since she first joined the team, calling her a “natural leader.”
 
Hammon is not the first woman to coach in the NBA. Lisa Boyer, who won a WNBA championship as an assistant coach with the Cleveland Rockers in 1997, was an unpaid assistant coach for the Cleveland Cavaliers in 2002. However, Becky Hammon is now the first woman to be paid as a full-time assistant coach in the NBA. Hammon’s new role has been met with excitement and support from both her colleagues and fans. NBA Commissioner Adam Silver said in a statement, “Becky Hammon has been a trailblazer her entire career. She is exactly the kind of coach that is needed in today’s NBA.” The appointment will undoubtedly inspire more women to pursue basketball and coaching careers, as well as breaking down gender barriers in the male-dominated world of professional sports. Hammon’s transition from player to coach is not new in the world of sports. Many retired athletes have gone on to become successful coaches, but Hammon’s appointment marks a significant step towards gender equality in the coaching profession. With Hammon’s impressive track record as a player and her natural leadership skills, there is no doubt that she will excel in her new role. Her appointment has been praised as a symbolic breakthrough for women in professional sports, and her success could inspire other women to follow in her footsteps. Becky Hammon's appointment as the first full-time female assistant coach in the NBA is a significant milestone for women in sports, and her legacy will undoubtedly inspire future generations of women in basketball and beyond.