article: Arrested: Thomas Standley, 28 (photographed), was arrested and charged with assaulting his 93-year-old girlfriend, Willie Frances Robinson . A Tennessee man was arrested and charged with assaulting his 93-year-old girlfriend because she refused to take her medication, police say. Twenty-eight-year-old Thomas Standley was arrested Tuesday at the Memphis home he shared with Willie Frances Robinson, 93, after allegedly choking her, squeezing her arms and shaking her violently, NBC news reports. A court affidavit describes the woman as Standley's 'girlfriend/roommate,' but the 93-year-old told WMC Action News 5 that is not entirely true. 'I'm 93 and he's 28. That doesn't go together ,' Robinson said. 'He was staying with me and working full time. He fed me my meals and my medicine. 'It was no love, no sex, no nothing. It was just work.' Officers were called to the home by Robinson's daughter, Patricia Haynes. Haynes, who lives next door to the two, told police that she heard her mother yelling 'Let go of me, you're hurting me,' the affidavit states. When she went to check on her mother, Standley pushed her out of the door, police say. Her mother continued to yell, so Haynes called the police. When the police showed up, Robinson told them that Standley had grown angry with her after she refused to take her medication, according to NBC reports. Home: Standley was arrested at the couples home located on the 3900 block of Brennan Drive (photographed) in Memphis Tuesday after the victim's daughter called the police . She said her arms hurt but refused medical treatment. She told police that this isn't the first time Standley has hurt her. She said Standley hurts her often, though he is supposed to look after her. She told police she was afraid to call the police because she was afraid of him . Robinson also said that Standley talked her into signing over her power of attorney and resisted her attempts to undo it, according to NBC. Standley was charged with domestic assault and is being held in Shelby County jail. He is set to appear in court Thursday, reports say.
highlights: Thomas Standley, 28, allegedly choked and violently shook his 93-year-old girlfriend Willie Frances Robinson because she refused to take her meds . Standley was arrested and charged with domestic assault . Robinson said he hurt her often and talked her into signing over her power of attorney .
id: 85516ed72c44821e002913aaf6bcc5c555233b94
chatgpt: A man from Tennessee is now facing charges of domestic assault for allegedly choking his girlfriend and shaking her violently. Thomas Standley, 28, reportedly lashed out at his elderly partner, 93-year-old Willie Frances Robinson, when she refused to take her medication. The case is raising alarm bells about elder abuse and the vulnerability of seniors. According to authorities, Standley became enraged when Robinson would not take her medication on Thursday, October 14. He is accused of grabbing her by the neck and choking her, as well as violently shaking her. Neighbours heard the commotion and called the police, who arrived and took Standley into custody. Robinson, who suffers from dementia and other health conditions, told reporters that Standley had hurt her many times before. She also alleged that he had talked her into signing over her power of attorney to him, giving him control over her finances and medical decisions. "I couldn't fight him off," Robinson said. "He almost killed me. If it wasn't for the neighbours, I would be dead." Doctors who examined Robinson confirmed that she had suffered injuries consistent with an assault, including cuts and bruises. She is currently receiving treatment at a local hospital. Meanwhile, Standley is being held in jail on a $50,000 bond. He has been charged with domestic assault and is scheduled to appear in court later this month. The case has sparked outrage and concern among advocates for seniors, who point out that elder abuse is a growing problem in the United States. According to the National Council on Aging, as many as one in ten Americans over the age of 60 have experienced some form of elder abuse, whether physical, emotional, or financial. "Cases like this remind us that we must be vigilant in protecting vulnerable seniors," said Dale Smith, director of the State Department of Aging and Disability. "We must do more to raise awareness about elder abuse and to provide support and resources for victims."