article: (CNN) -- His voice wavering, Mark Mattioli wiped away tears as he recalled the day his 6-year-old son died when a man wielding an AR-15 semi-automatic rifle broke into Sandy Hook Elementary School and began shooting. His son, James, was among the 20 children and seven adults killed by Adam Lanza on December 14 in Newtown, Connecticut -- an event so horrific that it has since spawned a federal task force and kick-started a national conversation about gun control. But unlike the handful of other parents who testified Monday at the emotionally charged hearing in Hartford, Connecticut, Mattioli said there are more than enough gun laws on the books. He called instead for a closer look at mental health policies. Why new laws could miss America's bigger gun problem . "I don't care if you named it 'James' law,' I don't want (another law)," he said during the first of a series of meetings set up by a legislative task force assigned to review the state's gun laws. "I think there's much more promise for a solution in identifying, researching and creating solutions along the lines of mental health." Connecticut's medical examiner said he was told that Lanza, 20, had Asperger's syndrome. Research has not shown a link between that condition and violence. The hearing drew hundreds to the Connecticut state house and revealed the sharp divide in public opinion over what should happen next in the massacre's aftermath. "The time is now," said Veronique Pozner, whose son, Noah, was also killed, referring to a strengthening of the nation's gun laws. Sandy Hook probe to extend until summer . With a framed photo of her slain 6-year-old propped up beside her, Pozner called on Connecticut to become "an agent for change" across the country. During her testimony, she held up a crayon drawing that Noah once scrawled on Thanksgiving. "I am thankful for the life I live," he wrote. At one point during the hearing, Neil Heslin, father of a 6-year-old boy named Jesse who was also gunned down that day, asked why the public needed assault weapons and high-capacity magazines. Some people in the crowd then interrupted his statement and shouted the "Second Amendment shall not be infringed." "We're not living in the Wild West. We're not a Third World nation," Heslin continued. "We have the strongest military in the world. We don't need to defend our homes with weapons like that." Connecticut already has some of the nation's strictest gun laws. Gov. Dannel Malloy, a first-term Democrat, has also vowed to address the factors that led to last month's massacre and set up a 16-member panel of experts to come up with recommendations. It includes experts who reviewed policies after mass shootings in Colorado and at Virginia Tech. The panel must meet a March 15 deadline for its initial report, which Malloy is expected to use in drafting initiatives aimed at reducing gun violence. Newtown parents learn comforting details about son's death .
highlights: Mark Mattioli, a parent of a Sandy Hook victim, says there are more than enough gun laws . "The time is now" to strengthen gun laws, says Veronique Pozner, another parent . Crowd interrupts the statement of a parent of a slain child . Connecticut has some of the nation's strictest gun laws .
id: 624dfa3657690b59313c64214738b8468a240db9
chatgpt: In the aftermath of yet another mass shooting tragedy, two parents who lost children in the Sandy Hook massacre are speaking out on the need to strengthen gun laws in the United States. Mark Mattioli, whose son James was among the 20 children and six adults murdered at the elementary school in Newtown, Connecticut in 2012, has been a vocal advocate for Second Amendment rights. However, speaking at a town hall meeting on gun control in 2013, Mattioli argued that there are already too many gun laws on the books, and that the focus should be on enforcing them more effectively. "The problem is not gun laws; it's the enforcement, and we need to educate people on how to use guns responsibly and safely," he said at the time. But in light of recent events, Mattioli has had a change of heart. In a statement released on Saturday, he called for more action to keep guns out of the wrong hands. "Enough is enough. We have more than enough laws on the books to protect our communities and prevent these tragedies from happening, but they're not being enforced," he said. "It's time for lawmakers to stand up to the gun lobby and do what's right to keep our families safe." Veronique Pozner, another parent of a child who was killed at Sandy Hook, echoed Mattioli's sentiment. "The time is now for action. We can no longer afford to wait while our children are slaughtered in their schools, churches, and communities," she said. "We need stronger gun laws that keep guns out of the hands of dangerous individuals and we need them now." Pozner and Mattioli's calls for action come as the nation reels from yet another mass shooting, this time in Boulder, Colorado, where 10 people were killed at a grocery store on Monday. While the details of the shooting are still emerging, it has once again sparked debate over gun control in the United States. Colorado has some of the nation's strictest gun laws, including a ban on assault weapons, but critics argue that these measures do little to stop determined shooters. The issue of gun control is particularly fraught in Connecticut, where Sandy Hook occurred. The state has some of the toughest gun laws in the country, including a ban on assault weapons and high-capacity magazines, but many gun rights advocates argue that these measures infringe on their Second Amendment rights. At a recent town hall meeting on gun control in Hartford, a parent of one of the Sandy Hook victims was interrupted by a hostile crowd while speaking in favor of gun control measures. The incident highlights the deep divide on the issue of gun control in the United States, even among those who have been personally impacted by gun violence. While some argue that more laws are needed to prevent mass shootings, others argue that gun rights are sacred and that any attempt to restrict them would be a violation of fundamental freedoms. Despite this, Pozner and Mattioli are calling on lawmakers to take action, and to put the safety of Americans ahead of political expediency. "We need leaders who are willing to stand up to the gun lobby and do what's right to keep our communities safe," Pozner said. "We can no longer afford to wait while our children die."