article: By . David Kent . Arsenal WAGS were out celebrating Gunners' FA Cup victory on Saturday night. Having supported their men during the north London club's 3-2 win over Hull at Wembley, the wives and girlfriend's of Arsenal's victorious players posted a number of pictures posing with the famous trophy. Bacary Sagna's wife Ludivine took to Twitter to show off Arsenal's prized possession and said: 'The cup and I last night.' Thomas Vermaelen's partner Polly Parsons also shared a snap of the night while goalkeeper Wojciech Szczesny posted a photo to Facebook of himself and other half Marina Luczenko holding the trophy. Poser: Bacary Sagna's wife Ludivine Sagna posed with the FA Cup after Arsenal's win on Saturday . All smiles: Thomas Vermaelen and his partner Polly Parsons pose with the famous trophy on Saturday night . Proud day: Goalkeeper Wojciech Szczesny and his girlfriend Marina Luczenko celebrate with the Cup (right) On Sunday, following the club's trophy parade, Ludivine posted a picture of her and Sagna with the trophy and tweeted: 'Mr and Mrs with the Cup'. The WAGS had attended the Wembley showdown as Arsene Wenger's men ended the club's nine-year trophy drought. Looking forward to the Cup final on Saturday morning, Sagna's wife posted the first of a series of selfies as she sat upon a white leather poof. This was followed by a picture of a carefully manicured hand holding an FA Cup ticket for the big game. Mr and Mrs: Ludivine and Bacary Sagna are all smiles as they pose with the Cup following Sunday's trophy parade . Ludivine . was then joined by Mandy Capristo, Mesut Ozil's girlfriend, and their . journey to Wembley was captured on Instagram with the accompanying . caption: 'On the way to support our men!'. Mrs . Sagna is a regular tweeter of pictures from games, although these could . be the last set taken as an Arsenal fan with her husband likely to move . away from the Emirates once his contract expires at the end of the . season. The . France international has been courted by Manchester City and more . recently United after potential new manager Louis van Gaal identified . him to provide more competition for the right-back spot at Old Trafford. Selfie promotion: Bacary Sagna's wife Ludivine poses at her home ahead of the Wembley showdown . On our way to Wembley: Ludivine Sagna (R) and Mesut Ozil's girlfriend Mandy Capristo en route to the final . Got previous: Ludivine Sagna (L) poses with Claire Koscielny (R) at Arsenal's final league game of the season . Entry: Ludivine Sagna posts a picture of her ticket for Wembley .
highlights: Arsenal WAGs post pictures celebrating Gunners' FA Cup win . Bacary Sagna's wife Ludivine was joined by Mesut Ozil's girlfriend Mandy Capristo to support their men . It may be the last time Ludivine posts as an Arsenal fan, with her husband expected to leave at the end of the season .
id: 7d79f80e1ab076ce692cec7c197fb2ac84c51d13
chatgpt: Arsenal fans and players weren't the only ones celebrating the Gunners' FA Cup victory over Hull City on Saturday; the wives and girlfriends of the team's players joined in on the celebration too. The team's so-called WAGs took to Instagram to post pictures of themselves and their significant others after the thrilling game at Wembley Stadium. One of the most notable WAGs was Ludivine Sagna, the wife of Arsenal defender Bacary Sagna. Ludivine shared a photo of herself and her husband holding the coveted FA Cup trophy, alongside a heartfelt caption expressing her joy and pride. However, the post may be one of Ludivine's last as an Arsenal fan, with her husband expected to leave the club at the end of the season. Ludivine wasn't the only WAG to take to social media to celebrate Arsenal's victory. Mesut Ozil's girlfriend, Mandy Capristo, shared a picture of herself wearing an Arsenal shirt and holding up a mug with the team's slogan "Victory Through Harmony." Other notable WAGs who shared posts included Mikael Arteta's wife, Lorena Bernal, and Olivier Giroud's wife, Jennifer. The WAGs' posts were met with an overwhelmingly positive response from Arsenal fans, who were thrilled to see the players and their loved ones celebrating such a momentous occasion. Many fans left comments congratulating the team and thanking the WAGs for their support. Despite the joyous atmosphere surrounding Arsenal's FA Cup win, it was also a bittersweet moment for many fans as they said goodbye to departing players like Bacary Sagna. Sagna has been a key player for the team over the past seven years, but he is expected to leave Arsenal when his contract expires this summer. Fans will miss his strong defensive play and his passionate displays on the pitch, as well as the support of his devoted wife Ludivine. As for the rest of the Arsenal squad, they will now turn their attention to the future as they prepare for the new season. With a FA Cup title under their belts, the players will be looking to build on their success and potentially challenge for the Premier League title next season. And with the continued support of the team's dedicated WAGs, the Gunners are sure to have the backing they need to achieve their goals.