article: (CNN) -- Look to the heavens along the East Coast on Tuesday night, and you might be able to see the Air Force blast 29 satellites into orbit at once. The 29 satellites, the most ever launched at one time, will be aboard a single Minotaur I rocket scheduled to lift off from NASA's Wallops Flight Facility in Virginia at 7:30 p.m. They include the main payload, the Air Force's Space Test Program Satellite-3, and 28 tiny satellites called CubeSats. The CubeSats are aptly named. Also called nanosatellites, they are small cubes, about 4 inches on each side, weighing about 3 pounds and with a volume of about a quart. Among the CubeSats is the TJ3Sat, built by the students of Thomas Jefferson High School for Science and Technology in Alexandria, Virginia. It will be the first satellite made by high-schoolers to go into space. Once in orbit, the "TJ3Sat will allow students and amateur radio users the opportunity to send and receive data from the satellite. Students and other users from around the world will be able to submit text strings to be uploaded to the TJ3Sat website," according to Orbital Sciences Corp, the developer and manufacturer of the Minotaur rocket. The students have been working on the TJ3Sat for seven years, according to Orbital. Lost world -- what happened to Mars? The Air Force satellite that is the main payload will conduct a variety of experiments during its expected 13-month mission. The launch will also be evaluated as part of a certification process of the Minotaur rocket for commercial use. That process is being conducted by the Federal Aviation Administration, NASA says. Falling satellite burns up upon re-entry . Orbital says the 29 satellites should achieve orbit in a little less than 12Â½ minutes after the rocket ignites. NASA says the launch may be visible from northern Florida to southern Canada and as far west as Indiana. If you can't see the launch from where you are, it will be streamed by NASA live. NASA releases new photo of Saturn, Earth .
highlights: Rocket to carry one big satellite, 28 little ones . CubeSats are small, 3-pound nanosatellites . One CubeSat was made by high school students . The main payload satellite will conduct experiments on its expected 13-month mission .
id: 8a65e994d956b6306da316d4b037c09fddabec5c
chatgpt: On a crisp, clear morning, a rocket blasted off from a launch pad at the Vandenberg Air Force Base in California. The rocket, operated by US-based spaceflight services provider Spaceflight Industries, carried a whopping 29 satellites – one large central satellite and 28 tiny “CubeSats” – into orbit. The central satellite, called SSO-A, is a state-of-the-art spacecraft from Spaceflight Industries that is expected to conduct a series of scientific experiments over the next 13 months. The 28 CubeSats, each weighing just three pounds, were built by a range of customers, from large corporations to high school classes. One of the CubeSats was built entirely by a group of high school students from Southern California, who were thrilled to see their creation launch into space alongside some of the biggest names in the aerospace industry. The CubeSats are a type of nanosatellite that have revolutionized space exploration in recent years. Because they are so small and lightweight, they are much cheaper and easier to launch into orbit than traditional satellites. They have also led to new opportunities for research and education in space science. Many of the CubeSats launched on this mission were designed to test new technologies or perform scientific experiments. Some will study the Earth’s atmosphere or measure the magnetic field in space. Others will test new navigation systems or perform astronomical observations. The SSO-A spacecraft will spend the next 13 months conducting its own series of groundbreaking experiments. First, it will use its unique imaging technology to capture never-before-seen pictures of the Earth’s surface. It will also conduct a series of tests on new systems designed to enhance the efficiency and reliability of future spacecraft. This launch is just the latest success for Spaceflight Industries, which has rapidly become one of the leading players in the commercial space industry. With a growing list of clients and a series of innovative technologies under development, the company’s future in the space industry looks bright. For the high school students who built their own CubeSat and watched it launch into space, this experience will undoubtedly be a highlight of their academic careers. With so much excitement and innovation happening in space science today, the possibilities for the future of space exploration seem endless.