article: (CNN) -- German medical groups joined the French health ministry Friday in recommending that women seek removal of breast implants made by a French company, saying they need not hurry but the devices could pose eventual health problems. England's National Health Service also weighed in Friday, stopping short of recommending routine removal of implants made by Poly Implant Prostheses, or PIP, but agreeing to pay to have them taken out in some cases. French authorities announced last month that the government would pay for the removal of the bankrupt company's implants, which a British medical group says were made from "non-medical grade silicone believed by the manufacturers to be made for mattresses." Authorities in France and England have dismissed fears of cancer from the implants, but have said the devices are prone to rupture and could cause inflammation, scarring and fibrosis. More than 500 French women have had the implants removed since last year, according to the French government agency that evaluates the safety of medical products. Since then, more than 1,000 implants have ruptured, the agency said. German medical groups representing plastic surgeons, breast care specialists and gynecologists said Friday that while the implants do not pose any immediate health threat, they raise the risk of ruptures, difficulties with breast imaging and other complications. "We recommend removal without hurry, just as the French expert commission has recommended," the groups said in a joint release. In Britain, David Nicholson, chief executive of the National Health Service, said an advisory medical group found there was no evidence to support routine removal of the implants or suggestions that they could increase the risk of cancer. "However, the group also acknowledges that many of the implants are made up of non-medical grade silicone and should not have been implanted in women in the first place," Nicholson said in a letter to medical workers released Friday. Nicholson said the government would pay to have the implants removed from women who received them as part of reconstructive care provided by the publicly funded National Health Service. Women who paid for cosmetic implants from private clinics would not be eligible for government funded care in most cases, the NHS said. But Nicholson said he hoped private practitioners would also pay for the removal of implants if patients request it. "We want the private sector to offer the same service to its patients as the NHS is offering and we are working with them to best ensure an equivalent model of care is provided," he said. An estimated 300,000 women in 65 countries received breast implants from the company. The implants were banned in 2010 and the company went bankrupt later that year. The implants are not approved for use in the United States. CNN's Diana Magnay and Stefan Simons contributed to this report.
highlights: German medical groups back the removal of breast implants made by a French company . England's National Health Service agrees to pay to remove some implants . But the NHS says routine removal is not necessary . Implants made by PIP may rupture, causing problems like inflammation, health groups say .
id: 180405d7a3ab9bb9a99db319334856879cca374f
chatgpt: German medical groups have come out in support of the removal of breast implants made by a French company. The implants made by now defunct French company Poly Implant Prothèse (PIP) have been under scrutiny for some time now. The company was found to have used industrial-grade silicone, which caused the implants to rupture in some women. This led to a series of health issues, including inflammation and pain. The National Health Service (NHS) in England has agreed to pay for the removal of some of these implants. However, the NHS has said that routine removal of all such implants is not necessary. The NHS statement came after several groups raised concerns about the health risks posed by these implants. Despite the concerns, the NHS agreed to pay for some of the removals, but only where there is an identified risk. The German Medical Association has now released a statement supporting the removal of PIP implants. The group said that women who have received PIP implants should be offered “unbiased and informative counseling” about the risks and benefits of removal. The statement also said that the German Medical Association did not believe that regular removal of breast implants made by other companies was necessary. The German Medical Association’s statement followed a report from the Joint Research Centre of the European Commission that found PIP implants to be three times more likely to rupture than other implants. The report found that the silicone gel used in PIP implants was industrial-grade and not medical-grade. The PIP scandal has resulted in a series of legal actions, with women across Europe suing the company for damages. In 2013, a French court sentenced the company’s founder, Jean-Claude Mas, to four years in prison for fraud and causing involuntary bodily harm. The court found that Mas had known that the silicone gel used in the implants was not medical-grade and that the implants were at risk of rupturing. The German Health Ministry has said that it supports the German Medical Association’s call for counseling for women with PIP implants. The ministry said that it would work with health insurance companies to ensure that women with PIP implants are given the information they need to make informed decisions about their health. In conclusion, German medical groups have come out in support of the removal of PIP breast implants, given their high risk of rupture and potential health concerns. While the NHS in England has agreed to pay for some of the removals, they maintain that routine removal of such implants is not necessary. The PIP scandal has led to a series of legal proceedings across Europe, resulting in the company’s founder being sentenced to prison for fraud and causing bodily harm. The German Health Ministry has pledged to support the provision of counseling for women with PIP implants, ensuring that they are provided with unbiased and informative information to make informed decisions about their health.