article: By . Alexandra Klausner . PUBLISHED: . 20:04 EST, 5 October 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 00:19 EST, 6 October 2013 . Brian Thompson-McKinnon got a lucky teacher’s note on Friday . in Nahant, MA. when his mother wrote him a playful letter excusing him from school early in . order to see the Red Sox play.The team played game 1 of the American League . Division Series (ALDS) at Fenway Park in Boston. According to Brian’s mother, her son has ‘Red Sox fever’ and . the only cure for the illness spreading all over Boston is to go directly to . Fenway Park. ‘His teacher laughed hysterically at school,’ said Brian’s . mother Kerri Mckinnon. This letter to Brian's teacher in Nahant, MA. excuses him from school for Red Sox fever . Kerri McKinnon and her son Brian are huge Red Sox fans, so much so that Brian got to skip out from school . Brian’s teacher, Jude Shannon, is having knee surgery soon. ‘I . just wanted to bring some laughter to her day,’ McKinnon said of writing the . humorous note. According to Brian’s mother, the Red Sox contributed to some . of Ryan’s education.  His mother said . Brian, ‘learned to count by watching the Red Sox.’ Even though Brian was excused from school early he didn’t . miss much. According to Brian’s mother he only skipped recess and choice time . which on Fridays is either chess or drawing. Kerri takes her son’s education seriously and is a member of . the school committee in Nahant, Massachusetts. Apparently, ‘Red Sox fever’ is good for the team’s playing . ability. The Red Sox won the game against Tampa Bay on Friday 12-7. If they hadn't won, Brian's teacher was to expect 'grumpy child syndrome on Monday,' according to the note. The McKinnon family is also at tonight's game supporting their favorite Boston Team. Kerri McKinnon and her son Brian Mckinnon at the Red Sox game on Friday . According to Brian's mom, the Red Sox helped Brian learn to count . Oct 5, 2013; Boston, MA, USA; Boston Red Sox designated hitter David Ortiz (34) picks up relief pitcher Koji Uehara (19) after defeating the Tampa Bay Rays .
highlights: ‘His teacher laughed hysterically at school,’ said Brian’s . mother Kerri McKinnon . Brian 'learned to count by watching the Red Sox,' said his mother . Brian's mother wanted to cheer up Brian's teacher who was about to undergo knee surgery .
id: 90d936f946eca37b8a87484ce33ba314ee62df77
chatgpt: In a heartwarming gesture, the mother of a young American boy decided to cheer up her son's teacher who was scheduled for knee surgery. Kerri McKinnon, the mother of Brian, wanted to make sure that the teacher would have a positive memory before undergoing the medical procedure. She recalled a funny story about her son's learning and decided to use it to cheer up the teacher. Kerri McKinnon spoke to the media about her son's experience with his teacher, who she didn't identify. "His teacher laughed hysterically at school," McKinnon said. "Brian learned to count by watching the Red Sox, and his teacher found that so funny." The story of Brian's unusual learning method had amused his teacher so much that she had burst into a fit of laughter. For the young boy, it was the start of a lifelong passion for numbers and sports, and he had his teacher's laughter to thank for that. Kerri then decided to share the story with the teacher, to ensure that she would have a positive memory to carry with her during the surgery. She organized a surprise visit to the teacher's house, where she presented her with a Red Sox-themed gift basket filled with goodies. The teacher was so touched by the gesture that she burst into tears, overwhelmed by the kindness of her student's mom. "It's so amazing to see an act of kindness like this," she said. "To know that my students and their parents care about me means everything." Kerri said that the experience had taught her the power of kindness and the impact one person can make. "I wanted to make sure that my son's teacher knew that we cared about her and appreciated her," she said. "It's important to show kindness and compassion, especially during these difficult times." The heartwarming story of Brian and his teacher is a reminder of the power of compassion and the impact one person can make in someone's life. It's a testament to the fact that small acts of kindness can go a long way in making a positive difference in the world.