article: Brian Moore and Gary Neville this week became the latest high-profile former international sports stars to back the Mail on Sunday’s concussion campaign. Former England rugby international Moore, now a highly respected television and radio commentator, praised the work done by the paper in promoting head-injury awareness and called for fellow commentators to stop trivialising incidences of concussion. Speaking at a concussion forum held by the British Association of Sports Lawyers at Chelsea’s football ground Stamford Bridge, former solicitor Moore said: ‘There have been a number of factors which have seen the issue of concussion gain so much attention but, when it comes to UK sport, the Mail on Sunday’s campaign has been the driving force. Former England rugby star and commentator Brian Moore (left, with referee Nigel Owens and Michael Lynagh) has joined Gary Neville in throwing his support behind the Mail on Sunday's Concussion Campaign . Moore, here in his heyday for England taking on the Soviet Union, says commentators must take concussion seriously and not trivialise head injuries as 'just a bang' ‘As we learn more, it’s vital that commentators take this issue seriously and stop saying silly things like "it’s only a bang" when someone suffers a concussion.’ While Moore hailed the Mail on Sunday’s campaign, former Manchester United star Neville has thrown his support behind the ‘Justice for Jeff’ campaign, which began in April after this newspaper revealed potentially life-saving research promised by football’s authorities following Jeff Astle’s death was never completed. Astle died aged 59 in 2002 suffering early on-set dementia – which has since been diagnosed as Chronic Traumatic Encephalopathy also found in American Footballers, rugby players and boxers – and last week Neville attended a meeting with the former West Bromwich Albion’s striker’s family and Professional Footballers’ Association chairman Gordon Taylor to urge further action. FA chairman Greg Dyke recently committed to carry out research into the link between head injuries and early onset dementia in football and the PFA has now followed suit. Gary Neville (right with Wayne Rooney on duty with England) met with the PFA and the family of Jeff Astle in support of the 'Justice for Jeff' Campaign calling on further research into football's link to early onset dementia . Flowers adorn the Jeff Astle Gates at West Brom, named in honour of the club's former striker . ‘We’re really encouraged by the PFA’s promise to support research and back the Jeff Astle Foundation,’ said Astle’s daughter Dawn. ‘It’s early days and we need to work together but it appears we are moving in the right direction after more than a decade of believing research had been carried out when in fact it hadn’t.’ Meanwhile the International Rugby Board has launched a promotional video urging all clubs to heed their ‘recognise and remove’ message while UEFA has introduced new rules allowing referees to halt a game for three minutes if a concussion is suspected.
highlights: Former England international Brian Moore and Manchester United legend Gary Neville support the Mail on Sunday's Concussion Campaign . Moore said commentators must 'stop saying silly things like "it’s only a bang" when someone suffers a concussion . Neville has got behind the ‘Justice for Jeff’ campaign, which began in April . The MoS revealed potentially life-saving research promised by football’s authorities following the death of Jeff Astle was never completed . Neville met with the former West Brom striker’s family and Professional Footballers’ Association chairman Gordon Taylor to urge further action . FA chairman Greg Dyke and now the PFA have committed to carry out research into the link between head injuries and early onset dementia .
id: 8b22ab52b19da73dc0890e3fea9708caf8c89250
chatgpt: Former England international Brian Moore and Manchester United legend Gary Neville have pledged their support for the Mail on Sunday's Concussion Campaign. Moore, a former rugby player and now a commentator, emphasized the importance of recognizing the severity of concussions in sports. He urged fellow commentators to "stop saying silly things like 'it's only a bang' when someone suffers a concussion."  Neville, on the other hand, has thrown his weight behind the 'Justice for Jeff' campaign, which was launched in April this year. The campaign aims to shed light on the injustices that former West Brom striker, Jeff Astle, faced after developing early onset dementia and dying prematurely. The Mail on Sunday (MoS) had reported earlier that potentially life-saving research promised by football’s authorities following Astle's death was never completed. Neville recently met with Astle's family and Professional Footballers’ Association (PFA) chairman Gordon Taylor to urge further action on the issue. The Manchester United legend has been a vocal advocate for player safety in recent times and has called on governing bodies to prioritize the well-being of players above all else.  The MoS Concussion Campaign and the 'Justice for Jeff' campaign have highlighted the inherent dangers associated with head injuries in sports. There have been several cases where players have suffered long-term damage due to repeated concussions or head injuries. Football’s authorities have been accused of not doing enough to address the issue. Now, however, there seems to be a renewed commitment towards carrying out research into the link between head injuries and early onset dementia. FA Chairman Greg Dyke and the PFA have both given their assurances that they will be conducting research on the matter. This is a significant step in the right direction and will go a long way in ensuring that players are adequately protected from the dangers of head injuries. Concussions have been a big talking point in recent years, with several players having suffered serious long-term damage as a result of multiple head injuries. The issue was brought to the fore by the death of former rugby player, Steve Thompson, who has been diagnosed with early onset dementia as a result of repeated concussions he sustained during his playing days. Football is also not immune to the issue, with several high-profile players having suffered from head injuries and the long-term effects of such injuries. The 'Justice for Jeff' campaign has brought this issue to the forefront of public consciousness, and the support from Gary Neville and Brian Moore will only add to the momentum behind the cause. In conclusion, the MoS Concussion Campaign and the 'Justice for Jeff' campaign are important steps towards ensuring that player safety is given the attention and priority it deserves. The support from former England international Brian Moore and Manchester United legend Gary Neville will only add to the efforts being made to address this pressing issue. With the commitment from football’s authorities to carry out research on the link between head injuries and early onset dementia, there is renewed hope that players will be able to play the game they love without fear of long-term damage.