article: By . Mario Ledwith . PUBLISHED: . 20:55 EST, 8 May 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 03:49 EST, 9 May 2013 . Victim: Frenchwoman Alexandra Blachere with a faulty implant . Women with faulty PIP breast implants are at risk of chemical exposure that causes damage to unborn babies, experts have warned. Their report disputes previous warnings by the NHS that material inside the implants was ‘not toxic or carcinogenic’. The scientists are now calling  for an inquiry into the potential side effects of PIPs. Up to 47,000 British women could have received the French implants which were fraudulently filled with an industrial-grade silicone designed for mattresses. Testing has previously revealed that PIP implants were up to six times as likely to rupture as other brands. Writing in the Journal of the Royal Society of Medicine, the group of experts called for women to be given ‘full information’ by British authorities. The consumer protection group Antidote Europe said it disagreed with a report by the British Medicines and Healthcare Products Regulation Authority (MHRA)  that suggested the implants did not contain hazardous materials. The body identified dangerous levels of chemicals in the implants, with one known as D4 being deemed of ‘high concern’ by European health officials. Antidote Europe director and co-author of the report, Andre Menache, said: ‘Considering these known risks and the fact that most women receiving breast implants were of reproductive age, we would expect the MHRA and the Department of Health to fulfil its duty of care and thoroughly investigate these risks as well as provide full information to patients.’ The report says that thorough analysis of the gel within the PIP implants has yet to be carried out and also points towards possible contamination with lead, platinum and zinc during production. Faulty: A nurse holds defective breast implants manufactured by French company Poly Implant Prothese (PIP) The implants, made by the French company Poly Implant Prothese, were banned in March 2010 after a health scare in France. Yesterday Rajiv Grover, president of the British Association of Aesthetic Plastic Surgeons, said: ‘We reiterate our call for analysis to be conducted on collected samples taken “in vivo” rather than off-the-shelf, as it would also be advantageous to examine what impact body temperature and conditions have on them.’ ‘Women who had or still have PIPs and the surgeons removing them know that more research is needed to explain what they are seeing and experiencing.’
highlights: Faulty PIP implants may pose pregnancy risk, according to experts . Health officials say chemicals used to make them are of' high concern' PIP implants already under fire for being more likely to rupture .
id: 90edf7760b05cc6efad573f32e6e5740b49ec31f
chatgpt: Experts are warning that patients with faulty PIP breast implants may face an increased risk of pregnancy complications. The implants, which have already faced scrutiny due to their higher-than-average rupture rate, are now being highlighted for the dangerous chemicals used in their production. Health officials are warning that the chemicals used in the manufacturing of the implants are of "high concern", as they have been known to cause inflammation and other health issues when they come into contact with human tissue. This is a worrying prospect for women who have undergone the surgery to have these implants inserted, as these chemicals can come into contact with developing fetal tissue if the patient becomes pregnant. While pregnancy complications are a serious risk, it's important to note that these risks are not exclusive to PIP implants alone. Many other types of breast implants are also known to pose a risk to pregnant women, as the hormonal changes that occur during pregnancy can cause the immune system to react to the implanted material. The risk of complications with PIP implants is heightened due to the fact that they are more likely to rupture than other types of implants. This puts the woman at further risk of exposure to dangerous chemicals, which can lead to inflammation, nodules, and other health issues. The issue of faulty PIP implants has been a controversial one. The implants were found to be more susceptible to ruptures around a decade ago, and many women who had undergone the procedure were left with serious health issues as a result. The company responsible for the manufacturing of these implants, Poly Implant Prothèse (PIP), was ultimately forced to shut down. Since then, many victims have been awarded compensation for their damages. Despite the fact that PIP implants are no longer in production, the issue remains a pressing concern for health officials worldwide. The risks of exposure to harmful chemicals during pregnancy are well documented, and the potential for serious health issues to arise due to ruptures is a serious concern. Women who have undergone the procedure to have PIP implants inserted are urged to speak to their doctor about their options and to consider having the implants removed. The issue of faulty PIP implants and the risks they pose to pregnant women is a serious one. It's important that health officials continue to investigate the issue and work to ensure that women are aware of the potential risks associated with these implants. Ultimately, it is up to the patient to make an informed decision about whether or not to undergo the procedure, and it's important that they have all of the necessary information to make that decision.