article: Senior MPs have called for Prince Andrew to stay away from a business conference in Switzerland amid controversy about his friendship with billionaire paedophile Jeffrey Epstein. The prince usually attends the World Economic Forum in Davos, hosting private receptions and meetings. But he is in the spotlight over toxic claims – which he has emphatically denied – that he had sexual relations with an under-age girl linked to Epstein. Sir Menzies Campbell has suggested he may not be welcome at this year's conference, which runs from January 21 to 25. 'This is a time for discretion rather than distraction,' said the former Lib Dem leader. Katy Clark, Willie Bain and Ann McKechin, Labour MPs on the House of Commons business committee, are also said to have suggested he should stay away. Former Lib Dem leader Sir Menzies Campbell (left) is among senior politicians saying Prince Andrew's (right0 presence at conference would be a distraction . Meanwhile, other MPs have called for clarification over his globe-trotting to promote British business – and how it is funded. The prince was forced to step down as an international trade envoy in 2011 after criticism that he was lavishing millions of pounds of public money on private jets and helicopters. His resignation also came after photographs emerged of the prince and Epstein walking together in New York after the financier had been released from jail for grooming under-age girls for sex. But despite losing his envoy title, Andrew still travels around the world promoting British business and undertook 90 overseas trips last year, including to India, Saudi Arabia, and China. While some of this travel costs were met by the taxpayer, other trips were in a private capacity, raising questions as to who is funding the prince. The royal is in the spotlight over toxic claims – which he has emphatically denied – that he had sexual relations with Virginia Roberts, then 17, pictured (centre) with Ghislaine Maxwell (right) Yesterday, Conservative MP Nadhim Zahawi said Prince Andrew did an excellent job of promoting British business through his contacts and should not be discouraged from attending Davos. He said: 'It is a very important job. When I have spoken to ambassadors for the Middle East and elsewhere in the world, they say that what he does for UK Plc is invaluable. 'If it is true Labour MPs are calling for him not to attend, then it is trial by Labour. 'The palace has said he has done nothing wrong and have categorically denied the allegations.' Royal aides have previously said that his trips to Davos are 'an opportunity to engage with and learn from some of the biggest names in the global economy'. They said he also uses the event to encourage chief executives to help young people acquire skills through apprenticeships and mentoring. The prince usually attends the World Economic Forum in Davos, hosting private receptions and meetings . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
highlights: MPs have said Prince Andrew is not welcome at World Economic Forum . He usually attends Davos business conference and hosts receptions . Sir Menzies Campbell said royal's presence would be a 'distraction' Duke is in spotlight over toxic claims that he had sex with underage girl . The prince was forced to step down as an international trade envoy in 2011 .
id: 05122c32d1ec3641ece566ad59ad7727b443c12e
chatgpt: Prince Andrew, the Duke of York, has been excluded from attending the World Economic Forum by MPs. The prince is known for his attendance at the Davos business conference and his ability to host receptions. However, due to the recent allegations of sexual misconduct against him, MPs have deemed his attendance at the event as distracting. The Duke of York has been in the spotlight for some time due to his association with Jeffrey Epstein, who was a convicted sex offender. Recent allegations that he had sexual relations with an underage girl have further put him in the spotlight. As a result of these allegations, the prince was forced to step down as an international trade envoy in 2011. The World Economic Forum is an annual conference held in Davos, Switzerland, that brings together leaders from business, government, and academia from all around the world. The conference focuses on global issues such as the environment, energy, and healthcare. Attendees are known for their ability to network and discuss important issues that will shape the world in the future. The exclusion of Prince Andrew from the conference has led to mixed reactions. Some have argued that his attendance would be inappropriate given the allegations against him. However, others have said that his position and influence warrant his presence at the conference. Sir Menzies Campbell, the former leader of the Liberal Democrats and a member of the House of Commons Foreign Affairs Select Committee, has weighed in on the issue. He said that the prince's presence would be a "distraction" and that it would be better for him to stay away from Davos this year. The Duke of York has not yet commented on the matter, but his absence from the conference is a clear sign that he is taking the allegations against him seriously. He has already faced criticism for his association with Epstein, and the decision by MPs to exclude him from the conference is likely to fuel further speculation about his involvement in the scandal. In conclusion, the exclusion of Prince Andrew from the World Economic Forum is a clear indication of the serious nature of the allegations against him. While some argue that his attendance would be inappropriate given the accusations of sexual misconduct, others believe that his position and influence warrant his presence. Regardless of the opinions, it is clear that the Duke of York's reputation has been damaged by the scandal and that he will continue to face scrutiny in the coming months.