article: LONDON, England (CNN) -- Blind women are being trained to use their sensitive touch to help detect breast cancer earlier and more precisely than doctors. The blind assistants use tape strips with braille coordinates to accurately locate cancerous lumps . The program, called "Discovering Hands," is the brainchild of German gynecologist Dr. Frank Hoffmann. Two years ago, he created Braille strips as a system of orientation, allowing the blind to carry out breast examinations. Using these strips blind women are trained to become Medical Tactile Examiners (MTUs) because they are more able to detect smaller lumps than sighted doctors. Hoffman argues that because of their disability, the blind can possess a more acutely developed sense of touch, which has proved to be a valuable asset in breast examinations. Once the strips are placed along specific areas of the breast, they are then used to report a precise location to the doctor as the MTU reads their Braille coordinates. "We are turning a disability into a gift,"  Dr. Hoffmann told CNN. "It's like the game Battleship," he added. "You have the exact location." A study at the Essen University's women's clinic, Germany, concluded that MTUs found more and smaller tumors than doctors in 450 cases. The identification of smaller lumps allows earlier diagnosis and more effective treatment. Another advantage of having MTUs is that they are able to dedicate more time to examining a patient. Dr. Hoffman said he had previously been able to spend only a few minutes on each examination due to his other commitments, whereas MTUs can commit half an hour. Training takes place at the BFW occupational school in Düren, west Germany, a center for those who are no longer able to continue their profession because of visual impairment or blindness. So far, ten blind women have qualified as MTUs. One of the women, Marie-Luise Voll, 57, told CNN: " The work brings me a lot of joy." Voll had previously practiced as a nurse before losing her sight in 2007, but used the experience when training at Düren for her new role. The highly personal nature of the procedure means that only women will be trained. The MTUs report to the doctor - for whom they act as an assistant not a replacement - who then uses this information as part of their ultimate diagnosis. If an abnormality is located the doctor will decide how to proceed, with ultrasounds and mammography being the most frequent course of action. The testing phase of the project between 2006 and 2008 has now been completed in Germany. The hope is that twenty trained MTUs will qualify every year after 2010. The program has been acclaimed as a success by both patients and practitioners in Germany. Health services in Europe including Ireland, France, Denmark and Austria have also registered interest in starting an equivalent of their own, Hoffman said.
highlights: Blind women being trained to use their sensitive touch to detect breast cancer lumps . Called Medical Tactile Examiners, they can spend more time on patients . The 'Discovering Hands' program takes place at a school in Düren, west Germany .
id: 4fb2181d250a2c8092a374d430b23eac48de78d0
chatgpt: Blind women are being trained to detect breast cancer lumps using their sensitive touch, thanks to the 'Discovering Hands' program in Düren, west Germany. These women, called Medical Tactile Examiners (MTEs), receive extensive training in order to become skilled at detecting early signs of breast cancer through a unique process that boasts many benefits for patients. The program trains women who have lost their sight at a young age, such as lawyer Heidi Rauch who lost her sight at age two. She said that the program gave her the opportunity to use her sensitive touch to help others, and to give back to society. The process is simple yet effective. The MTEs use their tactile abilities to feel the breast tissue, searching for any irregularities or lumps. Most importantly, their sensitive touch allows them to detect lumps that may be too small for a medical professional to detect during a regular examination. Not only does the program promote early cancer detection, but the MTEs are also able to take more time with each patient, ensuring that they receive a more thorough examination. They are able to detect abnormalities that may otherwise be missed, and can also alleviate the stress and anxiety that a patient may feel during the examination process. The 'Discovering Hands' program was founded by Dr. Frank Hoffmann, who recognized the benefits that tactile sensitivity could bring to the world of breast cancer detection. In 2005, he founded the program as a way to empower visually impaired women, while also improving the detection rates of breast cancer. Since its inception, the program has trained more than 60 MTEs, who have since helped to detect breast cancer in over 10,000 women. The program is now expanding outside of Germany, with plans to train additional MTEs in other countries. Not only does the program have significant benefits for patients and early cancer detection rates, but it also provides a valuable opportunity for blind women to use their skills and give back to their communities. MTEs are trained in specialized classes at the school in Düren, where they learn about breast anatomy and the different types of lumps that can occur. They then practice on silicone breast models in order to perfect their technique before working with real patients. The program also includes continuous training and certification to ensure that the MTEs are up to date with the latest techniques and developments. As the 'Discovering Hands' program continues to expand, it is clear that the unique approach of using MTEs to detect early signs of breast cancer has many benefits for patients and society as a whole. By training visually impaired women to use their tactile abilities, the program not only empowers them but also enhances cancer detection rates and ultimately saves lives.