article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . The time it takes to switch electricity and gas suppliers will be halved under proposals by energy regulator Ofgem. From December 31, switching times will fall to two-and-a-half weeks – three days plus a 14-day cooling-off period. And today, the watchdog published plans to introduce next-day switching by 2018. Welcome news: The time it takes to switch suppliers will be halved under proposals by energy regulator Ofgem . Around 62 per cent of people have never switched energy supplier, Ofgem revealed. They could save up to £200 a year, it said. Ofgem chief executive Dermot Nolan said: 'Consumers can change their bank in seven days, their mobile phone . in just a couple, but have to wait significantly longer to switch their . energy supplier.' ‘We hope this will give consumers more confidence to start shopping around.’ Currently switching takes five weeks, including a statutory two-week cooling-off period that came into force in June. 'Consumers can change their bank in seven days, their mobile phone in just a couple, but have to wait significantly longer to switch their energy supplier' Ofgem chief executive Dermot Nolan . The regulator has been working with . energy suppliers and the Department of Energy and Climate Change (DECC) to speed up switching times. Ofgem’s . additional proposals to introduce next day switching by 2018 at the . latest will still include the 14-day cooling off period, but this will . begin after a customer has changed supplier. Next day switching will be made possible by the upgrading of old IT systems first developed in the 1990s, said Ofgem. The . latest figures from the DECC show that 1.3million electricity . customers and 866,000 gas customers changed supplier in the final three months of 2013. Industry group Energy UK said it welcomed the move. Energy tariff prices are in a constant merry-go-round with suppliers battling to pinch customers - you - from each other. Shrewd consumers can take advantage of this by doing exactly that - moving deals every six months to a year to ensure they are on THE cheapest deal. Even moving every other year will save you significant amounts. Suppliers offer their cheapest rates via online tariffs so if you're ready to switch, it will certainly pay to do so. If you are one of the millions of people who have NEVER switched (i.e. stuck with your original supplier), then you will DEFINITELY save a big chunk of cash, possibly as much as £300 a year. Prices are different all over the country and the cheapest supplier for you will depend where you live. You only need to be interested in the tariff that is going to be cheapest where you live, so do your own comparison to find the best price. By Amy Andrew .
highlights: Proposals by regulator Ofgem will take effect from the end of this year . Switching currently takes five weeks including a cooling-off period . Almost two-thirds of people have never switched suppliers, said survey .
id: c26c65b41e31c9a81e6e25ad07456a0fa870ad32
chatgpt: Proposed changes by energy regulator Ofgem are set to make it easier for UK households to switch energy suppliers. According to the regulator, the new rules will come into effect at the end of this year, allowing customers to switch their energy supplier in just 24 hours. Currently, switching energy suppliers can take up to five weeks, including a mandatory 14-day cooling-off period. But under the new proposals, this cooling-off period will be removed, making the process of changing energy suppliers quicker and more efficient. The move has been welcomed by consumer groups who say that the current process can be frustrating and time-consuming. A recent survey found that almost two-thirds of people have never switched energy suppliers, which has led to concerns that people are paying more than they need to for their energy bills. The survey, conducted by consumer group Which?, found that households in the UK could save an average of £330 a year by switching energy suppliers. However, many people are put off by the complexity of the process and the time it takes. Ofgem hopes that the new measures will encourage more consumers to switch their energy suppliers and that increased competition will lead to lower energy bills overall. The regulator has also proposed introducing measures to make it easier for vulnerable customers to switch energy suppliers, as well as measures to improve transparency and ensure that customers are not charged excessive fees for switching. The proposals have been welcomed by energy companies, who see them as a positive step towards a more competitive energy market. The changes are expected to create a level playing field for energy suppliers, making it easier for new entrants to enter the market and compete with established players. However, concerns have been raised about how the new measures will be implemented, particularly in relation to the issue of vulnerable customers. Consumer groups have called for the regulator to ensure that vulnerable customers are adequately protected and that they are not left behind as the market becomes more competitive. Overall, the proposals are seen as a positive step towards creating a more competitive and transparent energy market in the UK. The changes are expected to benefit consumers by making it easier for them to switch energy suppliers and save money on their bills. However, it remains to be seen how effectively the new measures will be implemented and how they will impact vulnerable customers.