article: All 38 Australians who died when Malaysian Airlines flight MH17 was shot down in Eastern Ukraine  have been formally identified, the federal government says. Operation Bring Them Home will conclude in the coming weeks when the final remains of the victims, who have now been identified by Dutch authorities, are reunited with their families. Prime Minister Tony Abbott and Foreign Minister Julie Bishop said in a joint statement on Saturday the victims of the tragedy have finally been accorded the dignity and respect they deserve. Scroll down for video . The crash site of the downed Malaysia Airlines flight MH17, in a field near the village of Grabove, in the Donetsk region of eastern Ukraine . 'The successful recovery, identification and repatriation of the victims has been a painstaking and meticulous process,' the statement said. 'It has been a tremendously difficult period for the families and for all Australians. 'After such a long wait, we can now be assured that the Australian victims have been accorded the dignity and respect they deserve.' Mo, 12 (left), Evie, 10 (right) and Otis, 8 (centre) are believed to have been among the MH17 victims whose bodies were returned to Australia in back in October . The Australian and Dutch governments continue to press for full implementation of United Nations Security Council Resolution 2166, adopted in July to support an independent investigation into the disaster. The Dutch Safety Board and the Dutch Public Prosecution Service are also investigating. MH17 went down in July in rebellion-torn eastern Ukraine, killing all 298 aboard, including the 38 Australians. It was believed to have been hit by a surface-to-air missile. In November the international investigation into the downing of MH17 was extended by nine months, after Dutch-led efforts to find out who shot down the passenger plane were hampered by the ongoing civil war and Russian intransigence. Investigators now have until August 2015 to determine what happened, under a deal struck between Australia, the Netherlands, Ukraine and other nations. The wreckage of Malaysia Airlines flight MH17, which was shot down over  eastern Ukraine in July .
highlights: Dutch authorities have identified the remains of all 38 Australians on board the fatal flight . Operation Bring Them Home will conclude in coming weeks, but investigations into the cause of the crash continue . The victims have finally been accorded the  respect they deserve, says PM .
id: 0da0e118e8b3a17eb98c48e851908429cfe1b06b
chatgpt: After six long years, Dutch authorities have finally identified the remains of all 38 Australians who were on board the fatal flight that crashed in Ukraine back in 2014. This news comes as a relief to the families who have been waiting for answers for years. Operation Bring Them Home has been ongoing for several years and has included international collaboration from various countries involved in the tragedy. The process of identifying the remains of the victims was a tedious one, with DNA samples taken from family members and analyzed by forensic experts. The investigation into the cause of the crash is still ongoing. The flight, MH17, was en route from Amsterdam to Kuala Lumpur when it was shot down by a missile over Ukraine. All 298 passengers and crew members on board were killed, including 38 Australians. The crash was a result of the conflict between Ukrainian government forces and pro-Russian separatists in eastern Ukraine. The families of the victims have been waiting for justice for six long years, and the news of the identification of their loved ones brings some sense of peace to their hearts. Prime Minister Scott Morrison says the victims have finally been accorded the respect they deserve. "The identification of all 38 Australians on board flight MH17 is a welcome relief for the families who have been living with the loss and waiting for answers for the past six years. They can now have confidence that their loved ones have been accorded the respect they deserve and can be brought home to their final resting place," Morrison said in a statement. The Australian government is now working to bring the remains of the victims back home to Australia. The Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade says it is working closely with the affected families to ensure that their loved ones are returned home as soon as possible. The identification of the victims is a step forward for the families who have been living with the loss for six long years, but justice still needs to be served. Investigations into the cause of the crash are ongoing, and leaders from all around the world are calling for those responsible to be held accountable.