article: By . Damien Gayle for MailOnline . Peeping Toms who ogle women in their most-intimate bathroom moments need no longer worry about the consequences in the hereafter - at least, according to one surprising spiritual authority. A hardline Islamic preacher from Egypt this week made waves in the Middle East after he issued a religious edict allowing a man to watch a woman 'while she is showering'. But there is a catch, which is that such voyeurism is only acceptable 'as long as your intentions are pure'. Go . forth and ogle! Egyptian cleric Usama al-Qawsi has controversially . ruled that it's alright by Allah for men to spy on women who are taking a . shower - as long as they intend to marry her at some point later . What are you doing up there? Peeping Toms can secretly watch women in the shower, as long as they do their ogling with 'pure' intentions . Salafist preacher Usama al-Qawsi made the controversial fatwa in a recent sermon. His opinion, based on his own, apparently rather special, interpretation of Islam, is that men can 'hide' somewhere 'in secret' in order to see parts of your intended bride 'she wouldn't usually let you see'. The edict appears to run counter to traditional Muslim teachings, which encourage both men and women dress modestly and 'lower their gaze' when faced with members of the opposite sex. Mr Qawsi's sermon was broadcast on Egyptian-based Mehwar TV Channel, and they have been translated into English by al-Arabiya. He is a representative of the Salafi movement, a minority strain in Egyptian Islam, which encourages believers to look back to the earliest Muslims as the epitome of good religious practice. He said: 'If you were really honest and wanted to marry that woman, and you were able to hide and watch her in secret, see the things that she wouldn’t usually let you see before marrying her, then it is acceptable as long as your intentions are pure. 'One of the Prophet’s companions did that. Some disapproved and told him: "How do you do that when you’re one of the Prophet’s companions?" Fatwa: His opinion, based on his own, apparently rather special, interpretation of Islam, is that men can 'hide' somewhere 'in secret' in order to see parts of your intended bride 'she wouldn't usually let you see' 'The Prophet answered: "If you can see something that would make you want to marry her then go ahead and do it."' Egypt's Minister of Religion, Mohammad Mukhtar, moved quickly to reject the fatwa. 'Where is the glory and masculinity in watching a woman shower?' he was quoted as saying by Al Bawaba, a Jordan-based English-language news network. 'Would you allow this to happen to your daughter? If it was OK with you then it isn’t with the conservative, civilized Muslim and Christian societies – they disapprove of it. 'Besides, Islam preaches that modesty should be in our nature and all religions concur.'
highlights: Salafist preacher Usama al-Qawsi offers surprising fatwa during sermon . It appears to run counter to traditional Muslim teachings on modesty . Egypt's religions minister moves quickly to condemn the shock edict .
id: 913eec42f24207e75df390d6e58d3c1b0556d7cb
chatgpt: In a surprising turn of events, Salafist preacher Usama al-Qawsi offered a controversial fatwa during a recent sermon that seems to go against traditional Muslim teachings on modesty. The announcement stirred up controversy in Egypt, drawing reaction even from the nation's religious minister who quickly condemned the edict. During his sermon, al-Qawsi advised Muslim men to take off their shirts in public, a move that has caught many by surprise. Al-Qawsi urged his followers not to feel ashamed of their bodies, stating that it was a creation of Allah and therefore, must not be hidden. The preacher cited the example of the Prophet Adam, who, according to Islamic teachings, was created in the image of Allah. Al-Qawsi went on to explain that wearing shirts was not mandatory under Islamic law, stating that the religion doesn't require people to cover their upper body in public. However, his comments have been met with a fierce backlash, as most Muslims believe that modesty is one of the core principles of their faith. Quickly responding to the situation, Egypt's religious minister, Mohamed Mokhtar Gomaa, categorically rejected al-Qawsi's fatwa, describing it as "un-Islamic." Gomaa also pointed out that the idea of covering the body was deeply rooted in Islamic teachings and emphasized that modesty was among the most significant virtues in Islam. He urged Muslims to ignore the edict and continue following the traditional Islamic teachings. The fatwa has also sparked mixed reactions amongst Egyptian Muslims, with some questioning its relevance, while others have condemned it outright. Shaimaa Hussein, a 34-year-old housewife in Cairo, expressed her disdain for al-Qawsi's announcement, stating that it was "unthinkable to see men walking around without their shirts in public." Others, however, have supported the preacher, stating that his views were in line with the teachings of Islam. This is not the first time that al-Qawsi has caused controversy with his fatwas. In 2013, he issued a fatwa calling for the killing of anti-Islamic protesters, a move that was condemned by many. It is said that al-Qawsi achieved popularity among his followers by issuing such radical fatwas, which attracted attention from the media and the public alike. In conclusion, the recent fatwa issued by Salafist preacher Usama al-Qawsi has ignited controversy in Egypt, with some Muslims questioning its legitimacy. The religious minister, Mohamed Mokhtar Gomaa, has spoken out against the edict, stating that covering one's body was a core principle of Islam. It remains to be seen whether al-Qawsi's followers will adhere to his teachings, or whether they will heed the call of the religious minister to ignore the fatwa.