article: By . Harriet Arkell . PUBLISHED: . 07:11 EST, 14 January 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 07:37 EST, 14 January 2014 . A teenager who jumped on his ex-girlfriend's head after she criticised the size of his penis has been jailed for five years. Callan Redshaw, 19, from Hartlepool, kicked Kirsty Robinson 'like a footballer taking a penalty' and jumped on her head repeatedly, leaving her with serious injuries after they had a row outside a pub. Teeside Crown Court heard that Miss Robinson, the mother of Redshaw's one-year-old daughter, told him: 'You can give me a f****** baby, but you can’t pay for the keep of her. You’ve got a little penis, I don’t know how you managed.' Callan Redshaw, 19, was jailed after beating up his ex-girlfriend when she ridiculed the size of his penis . Redshaw then kicked her legs from underneath Miss Robinson who fell to the ground 'like a sack of potatoes', Teesside Crown Court heard. Redshaw punched and kicked her, leaving her lying motionless 'like a ragdoll' with two head fractures and bleeding in her brain. Prosecutor Sue Jacobs said: 'He started to kick her by running up like a footballer taking a penalty, taking his leg right back and really booting her. 'They were the witness’s words. He did this about four or five times in her back. She described the victim as being like a rag doll, and said it looked like she was unconscious. 'Then she said he stamped on her head. His left foot was coming off the floor to put his full weight on his right foot, and she said her head was bouncing. 'After that he walked away. The girl was still lying there, not moving.' Court: Judge Simon Bourne- Arton, QC, told Redshaw: 'Anyone who takes a shod foot to anybody' can expect jail . Miss Robinson and Redshaw, who have a one-year-old daughter, split up at the start of last year. After the attack, which happened in Hartlepool, Miss Robinson was taken to hospital where a CT scan confirmed she had a fractured skull and cheekbone and some bleeding in her brain. In a victim statement she said: 'This incident has left me totally devastated and feeling very emotional.' Redshaw, who admitted grievous bodily harm with intent at a hearing on May 12 last year, was jailed for five years. Recorder . of Middlesbrough, Judge Simon Bourne-Arton QC, said: 'You have . obviously got a temper. On the night of this your ex-partner was clearly . drunk. 'She was therefore . vulnerable because a drunk woman can’t handle herself in any way, and . you knew she was essentially helplessly drunk. 'Worst . of all you stamped on her head. That can very often result in very . serious injury, if not death, and it will not be overlooked. 'Anyone who takes a shod foot to anybody, particularly a female, can only receive a substantial period of imprisonment.'
highlights: Callan Redshaw, 19, attacked Kirsty Robinson during row outside a pub . Robinson said she didn't 'know how [he] managed' to conceive their baby . Redshaw kicked her to the floor and jumped up and down on her head . Teesside Crown Court heard she looked like a 'rag doll' lying on the street . Teenager admitted causing GBH with intent and was jailed for five years . Judge told him: 'Anyone who takes a shod foot to anybody' can expect jail .
id: f5b607d09da213158f949713db58a9186a4b5a57
chatgpt: A 19-year-old man has been jailed for five years after attacking his pregnant girlfriend outside a pub and causing her grievous bodily harm. Callan Redshaw, from Teesside, admitted to attacking Kirsty Robinson during a row outside a pub in the area. Robinson, who was six months pregnant at the time, told the court that she couldn't believe Redshaw was capable of causing such harm, and that she didn't 'know how [he] managed' to conceive their baby. The court heard that Redshaw had kicked Robinson to the floor and then jumped up and down on her head, leaving her looking like a 'rag doll' lying on the street. The attack took place in front of several witnesses, who called the emergency services and helped to restrain Redshaw until the police arrived. In court, Redshaw pleaded guilty to causing grievous bodily harm with intent. The judge, speaking at Teesside Crown Court, told Redshaw that anyone who takes a 'shod foot to anybody' can expect to be sent to jail. The judge went on to say that Redshaw had shown a 'catastrophic lack of judgement', and that his behaviour had been 'utterly reprehensible'. Robinson, who suffered multiple injuries in the attack, including a broken nose and cuts to her face and head, said in a statement to the court that she had suffered 'physical pain and emotional trauma', and had been left feeling 'vulnerable and scared'. She also spoke of the impact the attack had had on her pregnancy, saying that she had been 'terrified' for the safety of her unborn child. Redshaw's defence team said that he had shown remorse for his actions, and that he had taken steps to address his behaviour since the attack. However, the judge said that the seriousness of the attack meant that a custodial sentence was the only appropriate punishment. The case has sparked widespread condemnation, with many calling for greater action to be taken to address domestic violence and abuse. The attack on Robinson highlights the dangers posed by intimate partner violence, and the need for greater support for victims. Speaking after the sentencing, Detective Sergeant Mark Skelton, from Cleveland Police, said: "This was a vicious and cowardly attack on a defenceless woman, and the sentence reflects the severity of the offence. We are committed to tackling domestic violence and abuse, and will continue to work with our partners to provide support to victims and bring offenders to justice."