article: (CNN)NASA has come out with a new image that could become one of its most iconic ever. The Hubble Space Telescope revisited the so-called "Pillars of Creation," which the space agency describes as "three giant columns of cold gas bathed in the scorching ultraviolet light from a cluster of young, massive stars in a small region of the Eagle Nebula, or M16." The previous photo of these pillars, taken in 1995, went on to stand out from all the rest of NASA's space images, the agency said.  "The Hubble image is so popular that it has appeared in movies and television shows, on T-shirts and pillows, and even on a postage stamp." In celebration of the telescope's upcoming 25th anniversary in April, Hubble returned to the pillars -- and this time with the latest high-definition tools. The new sharper and wider image was taken "in near-infrared light, as well as visible light," NASA said.  "The infrared view transforms the pillars into eerie, wispy silhouettes seen against a background of myriad stars. That's because the infrared light penetrates much of the gas and dust, except for the densest regions of the pillars. Newborn stars can be seen hidden away inside the pillars." In 1995, the captured image gave insight into star formation. "Nebulous star-forming regions like M16 are the interstellar neon signs that say, 'We just made a bunch of massive stars here,'" said Paul Scowen of Arizona State University, who helped lead the original observations, in a post on NASA's website. The new image "hints" that these columns "are also pillars of destruction," NASA said. "The ghostly bluish haze around the dense edges of the pillars is material getting heated up and evaporating away into space," said Scowen.  "We have caught these pillars at a very unique and short-lived moment in their evolution." 8 new planets found in 'Goldilocks zone'
highlights: A 1995 image of the "Pillars of Creation" became iconic . The new images give an even more spectacular view -- and new insight .
id: a6de0126e5776b04427dba083799d0546a27529e
chatgpt: Astronomers have long been fascinated with the ethereal beauty of the "Pillars of Creation," the iconic image captured by the Hubble Space Telescope in 1995. But now, new images of the famous Eagle Nebula region have given us an even more spectacular view of this star-forming region, as well as new insight into its composition. The new images were captured by Hubble's Wide Field Camera 3, which uses infrared light to penetrate the dust clouds and capture more detailed images. In this latest image, the "Pillars of Creation" are seen in stunning detail, with wispy tendrils of gas and dust floating above and around them. But perhaps more exciting than the beauty of the new images is the information they hold. By using filters that isolate specific elements, scientists were able to map the distribution of hydrogen, oxygen, and sulphur within the nebula. This allowed them to gain a better understanding of the life cycle of stars within the region. The "Pillars of Creation" are essentially pillars of gas and dust where stars are born. As the gas and dust contracts under the force of gravity, it becomes denser and hotter until it ignites and becomes a star. The new images show that this process is still ongoing in the Eagle Nebula region, with new stars being formed in and around the "Pillars of Creation." But the images also show that the region is not just a simple, isolated star-forming region. Instead, it is connected to a much larger network of gas and dust clouds, which are constantly interacting and influencing each other. This is an important insight, as it shows that star formation is a complex, dynamic process that is driven by many different factors. Overall, the new images of the "Pillars of Creation" are a testament to the power of the Hubble Space Telescope and the incredible beauty of our universe. But they are also an important piece of the puzzle in our ongoing quest to understand the mysteries of star formation and the evolution of the cosmos.