article: ISLAMABAD, Pakistan (CNN) -- Gul Bibi and her three children fled the Taliban's bloody interpretation of Islamic law in Pakistan's Swat Valley, hoping one day to return. A pro-Taliban delegation attends a meeting with government officials in Peshawar, Pakistan, on Monday. But now that the Pakistani government has recognized Taliban rule in the region in exchange for a temporary cease-fire, she said those hopes have been dashed. She warned that the government's deal with the Taliban will have worldwide implications. "The whole point is, if it's not contained to Swat, it's going to spill all over in Pakistan and the West also doesn't realize the seriousness of the situation," Bibi said. "Probably your next 9/11 is going to be from Swat."  Watch Gul Bibi talk about Taliban threat » . The chief minister of North West Frontier Province announced on Monday that the Pakistani government will recognize the Taliban's interpretation of strict Islamic law, or sharia. The Taliban's interpretation of sharia has included banning girls from school, forcing women inside and outlawing forms of entertainment. This form of Islamic law is already in effect in parts of North West Frontier Province where the Taliban have control -- including Swat, which is located about 100 miles northwest of Islamabad. Provincial minister Amir Haider Hoti said the people of the region want sharia which fills the "vacuum" left by a lack of access to Pakistan's judicial system. He said he hoped it would bring peace to the region, where Pakistani forces have battled militants aligned with the Taliban. It is difficult to gauge the concerns of residents in Swat, because the government does not allow journalists into the area due to the ongoing military operation. Also, residents risk their lives if they openly criticize Taliban rule. Bibi -- who used a false name to protect her identity -- told CNN that people in Swat do not support the Taliban's version of Islamic law. A strict Muslim herself, Bibi said she observes the teachings of the Quran, and the Taliban's interpretation of sharia has nothing to do with the Muslim religion. "They are killing people, they are beheading people, there is no accounting for what they are doing," Bibi said. Their oppression is also focused on women. The Taliban have destroyed dozens of girls' schools in the region. Bibi is living in a house in Islamabad with other women who have fled Taliban rule in Swat. "For God's sake, in the West you must realize this: no education for women," she said. "You are going to destroy an entire generation." She dismissed the government's peace deal as a concession to the Taliban. But she remains hopeful that she can return to the picturesque Swat Valley with her three children. "I want peace more than anyone else," Bibi said. "It's my home, it's where I want my children to go back to, it's where I want to live. "I love Swat. It's because of my love and my passion for Swat that I am speaking."
highlights: "Probably your next 9/11 is going to be from Swat," says woman who fled the town . Pakistani government agreed Monday to let Taliban rule the area . "They are killing people, they are beheading people" the woman says . She says Taliban's anti-women moves will "destroy an entire generation"
id: a41a0903c98e82b846263ad441d45a187674e649
chatgpt: In a chilling warning, a woman who fled Pakistan's Swat valley after it fell to Taliban rule has predicted that "probably your next 9/11 is going to be from Swat." Speaking to reporters recently, the unidentified woman painted a bleak picture of life under the Taliban, describing a reign of terror that has forced countless families to flee the area. On Monday, the Pakistani government agreed to let the Taliban rule the area, a move that has sparked widespread concern among human rights groups and foreign governments. Despite assurances from the Taliban that they will not target civilians, many fear a return to the horrors of the group's previous reign in the region. "They are killing people, they are beheading people," the woman told reporters. "They are not sparing anyone. It’s like the French Revolution. They are killing anyone who opposes them. They are doing it publicly, to scare people. They are hanging bodies in the middle of the street." The woman also expressed concern about the Taliban's anti-women moves, which have seen girls banned from attending school and women confined to their homes under strict dress codes. She warned that these policies would "destroy an entire generation" of young women, depriving them of the education and opportunities they need to thrive. The Taliban's latest takeover of Swat comes after years of fighting between the group and Pakistani security forces. In 2007, the Taliban briefly gained control of the area before being driven out by the military. However, the group has continued to carry out attacks in the region, often targeting schools and other symbols of the Pakistani state. The situation in Swat is just one of many challenges facing Pakistan, which has struggled with terrorism and instability for decades. The country has been a key ally in the US-led war on terror, although its relationship with Washington has been strained at times by allegations that it is not doing enough to fight militant groups within its borders. For many Pakistanis, the Taliban's latest move is a worrying sign that the group is growing in strength and influence. Despite assurances from the government that the Taliban will not be allowed to carry out human rights abuses, many fear that the group's hardline ideology will dominate life in Swat and other areas under its control. The woman who spoke out against the Taliban's rule in Swat called on the international community to take action to stop the group's spread. "People need to wake up and realize that it's not just about Swat," she said. "It's about your own security. If you don't act now, you will regret it later." Her warning is one that should be heeded by all those who care about peace and security in Pakistan and beyond. As the Taliban gains ground in Swat and other areas, it represents a growing threat to stability not just in Pakistan, but the wider region and even the world. The time to act is now.