article: Crusade: Oliver, pictured with a chicken, will campaign against a trade deal . Jamie Oliver is planning a campaign to stop British food standards being lowered to allow American food imports pumped full of pesticides and hormones into the UK. The TV chef hopes to intervene to stop a trade agreement between the European United and U.S. aimed at removing trade barriers between member states. Mr Oliver, 39,  claims the 'dangerous' Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (TTIP) deal could undo 'decades of work' by getting round bans imposed by the EU on putting growth hormones and pesticides in meat. The same restrictions do not exist in America - and at present if U.S. companies want to export food to the EU they must ensure it meets the higher standards. Speaking to The Times, Mr Oliver said: '[The deal] has the capacity to be very negative to British public health and British companies and British farmers. 'We don't have hormones in our meat, that's banned. But not over there. We don't have hundreds of poisons and pesticides that have been proven to be carcinogenic. They do. Their laws, their set-up, their safety regulations are nowhere near ours.' He said he has tried to lobby Hillary Clinton, the former U.S. Secretary of State, on the issue, but wasn't able to show her a video message he recorded on the subject. Scroll down for video . Attempts: Mr Oliver, 39, tried to put his points to Hillary Clinton when she visited the UK, but was unsuccessful . Fears: It has been claimed the deal could let in banned growth hormones which the U.S. allows (file photo) Substances that the EU have banned but which are permitted in the U.S. include pig growth hormone ractopamine and milk hormone BST. The agreement could also open the EU to chickens containing arsenic, poultry that has been chemically washed, and pesticides used on fruit and vegetables. A report from the Center for Food Safety, a U.S. lobby group, raised fears that the negotiations will 'dismantle many food safety regulations that corporations view as impediments to trade and profitmaking' and criticised the 'shroud of secrecy' under which negotiations are being conducted. Mr Oliver has previously launched food campaigns in the UK, notably on the standard of school dinners. Profits from Jamie Oliver's cookbooks have started drying up, according to new business records. Jamie Oliver Holdings Limited, the company which incudes his publishing and TV interests, recorded a £3.6million drop in profits this year - a fall of 37 per cent. New accounts, seen by the Financial Times, say that 2012 profits were £9.8million, while for 2013 they were only £6.2million. The company said the slump was because 'heavy investment' had damaged returns in the short term. Oliver cookbooks topped bestellers' lists in 2010, 2011 and 2012 - but performed worse last Christmas.
highlights: TV chef opposes 'dangerous' trade deal between EU and U.S. Says Translantic Trade and Investment Partnership could lower standards . Agreement could let in food additives the U.S. allow but which the EU bans . Such substance include pig growth hormones and chicken feed with arsenic .
id: ebd184690aaff04eaea9b08f0fdfaeb41eba099f
chatgpt: Renowned TV chef, Jamie Oliver, has come out to oppose the proposed Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (TTIP) between the European Union and the United States, stating that it's a "dangerous" deal that could potentially lower food standards in the EU. The TTIP agreement aims to reduce trade barriers between the EU and the US, but critics argue that it could lead to the opening of European markets to US products, which do not conform to EU standards. Oliver warns that the deal could allow food additives that the EU currently bans, but which the US allows, to enter the European market. Oliver, known for his campaigns on healthy eating and food standards, voiced his concerns about the agreement, saying that it could allow the use of pig growth hormones and chicken feed containing arsenic in the EU, both of which are banned under current EU regulations. The celebrity chef has urged EU leaders to reject any proposal that could lower food and safety standards. He argues that food safety should be a top priority and that it should not be compromised in any trade deal. "It's really important that we don't do trade deals that jeopardize food safety, and that is what is so dangerous about the TTIP deal," said Oliver. "Pig growth hormones and chicken feed laced with arsenic, that's the kind of thing that could end up on our dinner plates if we're not careful." Oliver's concerns are shared by many in the food and agriculture industry, who fear that the TTIP deal could lead to a race to the bottom in terms of food standards. There are also concerns that the deal could weaken existing EU regulations and pave the way for the inclusion of genetically modified (GM) foods in the EU market. Supporters of the deal argue that it could boost economic growth and create jobs on both sides of the Atlantic. However, Oliver insists that trade should not come at the expense of food safety and that EU leaders should not compromise on high standards, which were put in place to protect consumers. "The EU has some of the highest food standards in the world, and that's something to be proud of. We shouldn't be letting in imports that are sub-standard, just because it's part of a trade deal," he added. The TTIP negotiations have been ongoing for several years, but have faced significant opposition from civil society groups and some EU member states, who fear that the deal could undermine European democracy and lead to a corporate takeover. It remains to be seen whether Oliver's campaign will have any impact on the final negotiations, but his concerns have certainly raised the profile of the issue and highlighted the need to prioritize food safety in any trade deal between the EU and the US.