article: A former major league pitcher who played for the New York Yankees and the Oakland Athletics has died in a climbing accident near his hometown in Texas. Brad Halsey, 33, was killed near his home outside New Braunfels, Texas, on Friday, his family says. He pitched for three seasons in the major leagues, starting with the Yankees in 2004. He played for the Arizona Diamondbacks and the Oakland Athletics, before being sent down to the minor leagues and retiring from baseball. Brad Halsey, 33, seen here in 2004, died on Friday after an accident near his home in New Braunfels in central Texas. No details are available . He had a record of 14-19 with am ERA of 4.84. He appeared in 88 games and made 40 starts in the majors. He returned to his hometown of New Braunfels, a city of 60,000 30 miles outside San Antonio. USA Today reports that Halsey died Friday in a climbing accident. The details of his death were not immediately available. O'Connell Sports, the Halsey's former agent, announced his death on Tuesday night. 'We are sorry to hear of the passing of longtime client, Brad Halsey. Our thoughts & prayers are with his family during this difficult time,' the agency tweeted. The Yankees drafted Halsey out of the University of Texas in 2002. He spent the next two seasons playing minor league ball before being called in to the majors in 2004. Halsey played three seasons in Major League Baseball for the New York Yankees, the Oakland Athletics and the Arizona Diamondbacks . The Yankees traded him to the Arizona Diamondbacks in 2005 as part of a deal for pitching great Randy Johnson. In 2006, he was traded to the Oakland A's, where he gained two the top infamous moments of his career. He threw the pitch that Barry Bonds hit for his 714th career home run, tying Babe Ruth. In 2007, he angrily criticized the A's front office for refusing to call him up to the majors from Triple-A Sacramento when he had an MRI scheduled. He claimed at the time that the team was only trying to avoid paying him the higher major league rates if he had to go on the disabled list. 'Then they send you down and screw you. I'm grinding it out, trying to be a team guy, and I get f***ed. It's all just a business decision, because if I came up and pitched Tuesday and then had an MRI and had to go on the DL, they'd have to pay me major-league DL money. It's such a mom-and-pop organization,' he told the San Francisco Chronicle. After that, he bounced around minor league baseball teams until signing a minor league deal with the Yankees again. He later retired from baseball.
highlights: Brad Halsey, 33, died near his home in New Braunfels, Texas . He played three seasons in Major League Baseball, including for the New York Yankees .
id: 1bbd1ae96c7b47abb6fa3d454993670a14a496d1
chatgpt: Former Major League Baseball pitcher Brad Halsey has died at the age of 33 near his home in New Braunfels, Texas. Halsey played three seasons in the MLB, including for the New York Yankees. Halsey was born on February 14, 1981, in Houston, Texas. He was drafted by the New York Mets in the 8th round of the 2000 MLB Draft but chose to further his education and attend the University of Texas at Austin. He played college baseball for the Longhorns from 2001 to 2002, where he had a successful career, earning All-America and All-Big 12 honors. Halsey was drafted again in 2002, this time by the Arizona Diamondbacks, and made his professional debut in 2004. He had a solid rookie season, pitching 10 starts with a 1-3 record and a 5.14 ERA. Halsey was then traded to the Oakland Athletics in 2005, where he recorded his first career win with a complete game shutout against the Los Angeles Angels. In 2006, Halsey was part of a trade that brought him to the New York Yankees. He appeared in 13 games for the Yankees, including one start. His most notable performance in pinstripes came on June 20, 2006, when he pitched three innings of relief in an 8-6 comeback victory against the Philadelphia Phillies. However, Halsey struggled with injuries later in his career and was eventually released by the Yankees in 2007. He pitched in the minor leagues for the Los Angeles Dodgers and the Houston Astros before retiring from baseball in 2011. Halsey's cause of death has not been released by authorities. However, the Comal County Sheriff's Office said they responded to a call about a man requiring medical assistance in the area where Halsey was found. Emergency medical services performed CPR, but Halsey was pronounced dead at the scene. Fans and former teammates took to social media to express their condolences and remember Halsey's career. Former teammate and fellow pitcher Brandon McCarthy tweeted, "We played together on 3 teams in the minors and the big leagues. I can't believe this is real." The New York Yankees also issued a statement, saying, "The Yankees organization is deeply saddened by the sudden passing of former Yankees pitcher Brad Halsey. We offer our heartfelt condolences to his family and friends during this difficult time." Halsey's death is a tragic loss for the baseball community, and his legacy as a player will be remembered by fans and former teammates alike.