article: (RollingStone.com) -- Paul McCartney has rescheduled the U.S. tour dates he had originally scheduled to begin in mid-June for October. His "Out There" tour will now resume in Albany, New York on July 5. The former Beatle is still recuperating from the virus that forced him to postpone several dates in Japan and South Korea. See the rescheduled dates, as well as McCartney's July and August dates, below. Paul McCartney trades dance moves with a robot in 'Appreciate' video . "I'm sorry, but it's going to be a few more weeks before we get rocking in America again," McCartney said in a statement. "I'm feeling great, but taking my docs' advice to take it easy for just a few more days. Look forward to seeing you all soon." The 71-year-old postponed a string of dates in Asia in late May when he came down with a virus and was hospitalized in Tokyo. At the time, his rep said, "He will make a complete recovery and has been ordered to take a few days rest." Paul McCartney halts auctions of cape, suit and lyric sketch . Prior to postponing the U.S. tour dates, this leg of McCartney's "Out There" tour was meant to wrap up in San Francisco, where he would play the final concert at the city's Candlestick Park. That show, which is still scheduled to take place on August 14, is where the Beatles played their final full concert in 1966. Here are Paul McCartney's upcoming tour dates: . 7/5 Albany, NY - Times Union Center . 7/7 Pittsburgh, PA - Consol Energy Center . 7/9 Chicago, IL - United Center . 7/12 Fargo, ND - Fargodome . 7/14 Lincoln, NE - Pinnacle Bank Arena . 7/16 Kansas City, MO - Sprint Center . 8/2 Minneapolis, MN - Target Field . 8/5 Missoula, MT - Washington-Grizzly Stadium . 8/7 Salt Lake City, UT - EnergySolutions Arena . 8/10 Los Angeles, CA - Dodger Stadium . 8/12 Phoenix, AZ - US Airways Center . 8/14 San Francisco, CA - Candlestick Park . 10/2 Lubbock, TX - United Spirit Arena (originally 6/14) 10/11 New Orleans, LA - Smoothie King Center (originally 6/19) 10/13 Dallas, TX - American Airlines Center (originally 6/16) 10/15 Atlanta, GA - Philips Arena (originally 6/21) 10/16 Nashville, TN - Bridgestone Arena (originally 6/25) 10/25 Jacksonville, FL - Jacksonville Veterans Memorial Arena (originally 6/22) 10/28 Louisville, KY - Yum! Center (originally 6/26) See the original story at RollingStone.com. Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone.
highlights: Paul McCartney rescheduled his mid-June U.S. tour dates . He's still recovering from a virus . He previously had to postpone tour dates in Japan and South Korea .
id: 8237bb292d73df92dd2163d8ff10d5036b029bbb
chatgpt: Legendary musician Paul McCartney has announced that he will be rescheduling his mid-June US tour dates due to ongoing recovery from a virus he contracted last month. The tour dates were originally scheduled to kick off on June 14 in Lubbock, Texas, but have now been tentatively rescheduled for September. This announcement comes just weeks after McCartney was forced to postpone his tour dates in Japan and South Korea, also due to the virus. However, the musician's team has assured fans that the rescheduled dates will honor all existing tickets, with no action required on the part of ticket holders. Unfortunately, this isn't the first time that McCartney has been forced to reschedule a tour due to health issues. In 2014, the singer was forced to cancel his Japan tour dates after coming down with a virus that also caused him to cancel his South Korean tour dates. Despite the setback, McCartney remains optimistic and focused on his recovery. In a statement, he expressed his regret at having to postpone the tour once again, but also conveyed his eagerness to return to the stage once he has fully recovered. "I'm sorry but it's going to be a few more weeks before we get rocking in America again," McCartney said in a statement. "I'm feeling great but taking my docs' advice to take it easy for just a few more days. See you soon." Fans around the world have expressed their understanding and support for the musician's decision, sending messages of love and encouragement via social media. Many have commented on McCartney's resilience and his determination to put on the best show possible for his fans. McCartney is widely regarded as one of the most influential and beloved musicians of all time, with a career spanning over six decades. He first rose to prominence as a member of the Beatles, and has since gone on to achieve massive success as a solo artist. Despite the setback, McCartney's upcoming tour promises to be a must-see event for fans of all ages. With hits like "Hey Jude" and "Live and Let Die" likely to feature in the setlist, fans can expect a memorable night of music from one of the greatest performers of our time.  In conclusion, McCartney's latest tour delay is a reminder that even the most celebrated musicians are not immune to health setbacks. Nonetheless, the legendary performer's fans continue to show their support and excitement for the upcoming rescheduled tour dates.