article: (CNN)  -- Gael Monfils saved five match points before beating top seed Roger Federer 7-6 6-7 7-6 to reach the final of the Paris Masters on Saturday. The home hero will play Robin Soderling for the title after the Swede beat  another Frenchman, Michael Llodra, in an earlier pulsating encounter at the Bercy arena. It was truly the great escape for 12th seed Monfils, who was on the ropes as he served at 5-6 down in the deciding set, having broken back after dropping his service for the first time. The opening two sets were shared on tiebreaks. 16-time grand slam champion Federer proceeded to force a succession of match points, all saved by a mixture of dogged defense by his French opponent or uncustomary errors by the world number two. The partisan crowd breathed a collective sigh of relief when Monfils finally forced the third tiebreak of the match and claimed an early mini-break. Federer retrieved the loss but uncharacteristic forehand errors saw him fall behind again and when Monfils was presented with his first match point he seized it. He will now hope to go one better than 2009 when he was beaten in the final by Novak Djokovic. "I went to the limits of myself," Monfils admitted after his first career victory over Federer. "I feel better and better as the tournament goes on. I ran out of juice a little bit at the start of the third set but the fans were there, they pushed me and I kept believing." Earlier, world number five Robin Soderling had to save three match points before ending the fairytale run of Llodra. He won 6-7 7-5 7-6 to reach his first ATP World Tour Masters 1000 final, but came under massive pressure in the 12th game of the third set. Like Monfils, Soderling staved off defeat to force a deciding tiebreak and secured victory on his second match point after two hours and 49 minutes of gripping action. "Today it was a great match. It wasn't maybe pretty, but I'm here as a winner," Soderling told the official ATP Tour website. Llodra, who came back from a break down in the deciding set to set up his victory chances, had defeated defending champion Djokovic and Nikolay Davydenko on his way to his first Masters semifinal.
highlights: Gael Monfils to play Robin Soderling in the final of the Paris Masters . Monfils saves five match points before beating top seed Roger Federer . Soderling saves three match points to end hopes of Frenchman Michael Llodra .
id: 01132c28c2bc8a8b7246b8784f5e65d0f9489da2
chatgpt: French tennis star Gael Monfils has secured his spot in the final of the Paris Masters, after an incredible comeback victory against top seed Roger Federer. Monfils saved a total of five match points before eventually pulling off the win in front of a roaring crowd at the AccorHotels Arena. His opponent in the final will be Robin Soderling, who also had a tough road to the championship match. In his semi-final match against Frenchman Michael Llodra, Soderling had to dig deep to save three match points and secure his place in the final. It was a tense match with both players giving it their all, but ultimately it was Soderling who came out on top. The final is set to be a thrilling encounter between two of the most talented players on the ATP tour. Monfils has had an impressive run in the tournament so far, defeating the likes of Grigor Dimitrov and Diego Schwartzman on his way to the final. But it was his semi-final victory over Federer that was truly remarkable. Federer, who is widely considered one of the greatest tennis players of all time, was in control of the match from the beginning. He won the first set comfortably and was on the verge of closing out the match in the second. But Monfils never gave up, and with the backing of the crowd, he clawed his way back into the match. As Federer served for the match at 5-4 in the second set, Monfils saved three match points to level the score. Federer continued to apply pressure and had two more match points in the tiebreak, but Monfils saved them both and eventually won the set. In the third and decisive set, Monfils found another gear and broke Federer's serve early on. He held on to his advantage and closed out the match, despite Federer's best efforts to stage a comeback. Now all eyes will be on Monfils as he takes on Soderling in the final. The Swede, who is a former finalist at the French Open, will be a tough opponent for Monfils. But the Frenchman will be buoyed by his impressive performances so far in the tournament, and the support of the home crowd will undoubtedly give him an extra edge. Regardless of who emerges victorious in the final, tennis fans are sure to be treated to a thrilling encounter between two great players. The Paris Masters has once again delivered some unforgettable moments, and the final promises to be a fitting end to the tournament.