article: Deputy Labour Leader Harriet Harman says the Government is doing 'very little' about increasing numbers of children being exposed to online porn . Ministers were accused of betraying parents last night after they ruled out an automatic block on internet porn to  protect children. The Department for Education said ‘expert advice’ was against an automatic block, which would force those wanting access to online porn sites to contact their Internet Service Provider (ISP) to ‘opt in’. Instead, as the Daily Mail revealed last month, ISPs will simply be asked to ‘actively encourage’ parents to switch on internet filters if children are likely to be using computers in the home. Confirmation of the decision, slipped out on the DfE website without fanfare, came despite evidence from the Government’s consultation that half of parents back an automatic block on internet porn. Some 35 per cent of parents responding to the consultation backed the ‘opt-in’ system, with a further 15 per cent wanting it imposed with additional controls. The National Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children said the Government’s proposals did not go far enough. Alan Wardle, of the NSPCC, said: ‘The best option to protect children is for adult content to be automatically blocked by Internet Service Providers. ‘Given that half of the parents who took part in the Government consultation wanted this option, we are concerned their views have not been heard.’  Helen Goodman, Labour’s media spokesman who was campaigning for an automatic block, said: ‘The Government’s response to the consultation is weak. Shocking: Helen Porter, from Newbury, Berkshire, told delegates that she knew of a Year 9 pupil who had been 'persuaded' to take part in an amateur porn video . ‘They have set no deadline for change and still appear to be putting the interests of internet companies before the safety of children.’ The Daily Mail revealed last month that David Cameron preferred an industry-led solution to the problem of online porn, with ISPs told to help parents impose internet filters if they want them. In its response yesterday, the DfE said parents have ‘just as much responsibility for keeping their children safe when they are online as when they are offline’. The Government’s consultation was flooded with hundreds of responses from the Open Rights Group which campaigns against internet restrictions. The internet industry also mounted a concerted campaign against automatic restrictions on the lucrative online porn sector.
highlights: Ministers claim experts advised against an automatic block forcing internet users to contact their Internet Service Providers to access porn . Around 35 per cent of parents backed the 'opt-in' system .
id: 35ab729b5a0ef3088012b298da66a8733fd0c6a7
chatgpt: Ministers have announced that an automatic block, which would have forced UK internet users to contact their Internet Service Providers (ISPs) to access pornography, will not be implemented. The move was made following advice received from experts, who cautioned against the risk of unintended consequences such as over-blocking and undermining cyber-security. The proposed blockage had been a controversial issue in the UK, with 35 per cent of parents backing the 'opt-in' system which would have required users to actively choose to access adult content. While this move had been welcomed by some as a positive step for protecting children's safety online, others had raised concerns that it would be a form of censorship that could infringe on freedom of expression. The automatic block was first proposed by the Conservative Party in 2015, and was meant to come into effect in 2018. However, numerous delays have plagued the plan, and it has now been officially scrapped. The government's decision was met with mixed reactions, with some experts applauding the move as a sensible response, and others deriding it as a wasted opportunity. The debate surrounding the automatic block impinged on many sensitive topics, such as sexual freedom, censorship, and privacy rights. The fact that 35 per cent of parents supported the move shows that many people are concerned about the potentially damaging effects of pornography on young people. However, opponents of the block argue that it is not possible to accurately define what constitutes "adult content", and that such a move would be difficult to enforce. The concerns regarding the automatic block are not unfounded, with many experts warning against the possibility of over-blocking, which could result in legitimate sites being blocked along with inappropriate ones. One of the major issues with blocking adult content entirely is that it requires an accurate means of categorizing it first. As many have noted, the line between what is considered "adult" and what is not is often blurred, and some legitimate sites could be inadvertently blocked in the process. The UK government has instead opted for a new online safety bill, which will be introduced in 2022. This bill is set to cover a wider range of online harms, including cyber-bullying and fake news. Critics have accused the government of dragging its feet on this issue, with some saying that the new bill is merely a way of putting off the porn block indefinitely. Despite the controversy, it is clear that the topic of internet censorship and online safety is an important one. As more and more of our lives shift online, we must take measures to ensure that everyone is protected from harm. While the automatic block may not be the solution that the UK government had hoped for, it has sparked important discussions about how to best safeguard users from the dangers of the internet.