article: (CNN) -- The U.N. Security Council voted unanimously Wednesday to send 2,000 additional troops to Ivory Coast, bringing the total mission there to more than 11,000 troops and police. The vote originally had been scheduled for Tuesday, but Security Council diplomats said it was delayed because Russia had objections to the "political" language in the draft resolution. U.N. officials requested up to 2,000 more peacekeepers in early January. The political standoff in the country has raised fears of a renewal of the bloodshed suffered after a civil war broke out in 2002. More than 25,000 Ivorians have fled to neighboring Liberia since the current crisis began, the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees reported last week. Meanwhile, the African Union on Wednesday blamed Ivory Coast's self-declared president, Laurent Gbagbo, for the failure of talks so far to resolve the crisis in the cocoa-producing West African nation. "There had been progress in the talks, but Gbagbo went back on his earlier agreement to remove the blockade leading to and from the Golf Hotel where (President-elect) Alassane Ouattara is staying," said a spokesman for Kenyan Prime Minister Raila Odinga, the AU mediator. "Gbagbo has to step down to make way for Ouattara, who legitimately won the election," said Odinga's representative, Salim Lone, speaking for the African Union and the Economic Community of West African States. "The request to remove the blockade was because the AU argued that it's difficult to have discussions with a prisoner," Lone said. Ouattara is holed up in the hotel in Abidjan under the protection of U.N. peacekeepers. The United Nations has blamed Gbagbo's supporters for a string of attacks on U.N. vehicles and troops in the past week. An independent electoral commission declared Ouattara the winner of the country's presidential election in November, but Gbagbo, the incumbent, has refused to step aside. Odinga is now leaving Ivory Coast for Ghana, Burkina Faso and Mali. He'll meet the heads of state of each country to discuss the Ivory Coast crisis, Lone said, denying that Odinga had "given up on ... finding a solution to the crisis. "He's still committed to the African Union and ECOWAS will to first and foremost find a peaceable solution to the crisis. Use of force will be a last resort," Lone said. The Economic Community of West African States has threatened to use "legitimate force" to remove Gbagbo, who met Monday with African Union mediator Odinga. Gbagbo's foreign minister, Alcide Djedje, said earlier this month that the peacekeepers are "complicit with the rebellion" and that the sitting government has "no more confidence in the U.N." The West African nation was wracked by civil war from 2002 to 2007, when a settlement left the country divided between north and south. The 2010 elections came with high expectations that they would open a new chapter in the country's history. CNN's Lillian Leposo contributed to this report.
highlights: NEW: The United Nations votes to send 2,000 more troops was unanimous . Envoy: The self-declared president reneged on a promise to lift a blockade of his rival . Observers say Alassane Ouattara won the presidential election in November . Incumbent Laurent Gbagbo refuses to step down .
id: cb586a6796b4164c3856084c48f877e938b1e3c0
chatgpt: The United Nations has voted unanimously to send an additional 2,000 troops to Ivory Coast to help maintain peace and security in the West African nation. The decision comes amid escalating tensions between supporters of the current president, Laurent Gbagbo, and his rival, Alassane Ouattara, who has declared himself president-elect. Speaking to reporters after the vote, a UN envoy expressed concern that Gbagbo had reneged on a promise to lift a blockade of Ouattara's headquarters in Abidjan, the country's economic capital. The envoy warned that the situation could quickly spiral out of control if the blockade was not lifted and called on Gbagbo to respect the will of the people. Observers believe that Ouattara won the presidential election held in November, but Gbagbo has refused to step down, claiming that the election was rigged. The standoff has led to a deepening political crisis in Ivory Coast, with both sides increasingly resorting to violence to assert their authority. The UN Security Council is now calling on all parties to exercise restraint and work towards a peaceful resolution of the crisis. The additional troops will be deployed to reinforce the UN mission in Ivory Coast, which is already comprised of over 10,000 peacekeepers. The deployment of additional troops has been widely welcomed by civil society groups in Ivory Coast, who are hoping that it will help to prevent further bloodshed. "The UN has an important role to play in ensuring that the will of the people is respected and that the country does not descend into chaos," said a spokesperson for a local human rights organization. Ivory Coast has a long history of political instability, with periodic bouts of violence erupting between the country's various ethnic and religious groups. The current crisis has heightened tensions even further, with fears that it could spill over into neighboring countries and destabilize the entire region. The UN has been working closely with African Union and regional leaders to find a peaceful solution to the crisis. In a recent statement, UN Secretary-General António Guterres called on all parties to engage in dialogue and respect the human rights of all Ivorians. "The situation in Ivory Coast is extremely delicate and requires a concerted effort by all parties to find a peaceful way forward," said Guterres. "The UN stands ready to support the people of Ivory Coast and the region in any way that it can." As the situation in Ivory Coast continues to develop, the UN and its partners are closely monitoring the situation and taking decisive action to prevent a further deterioration of the fragile security environment. The eyes of the world are on Ivory Coast, and the UN is committed to doing all that it can to ensure a peaceful and stable future for the people of this important African nation.