article: (CNN)Some of the U.S. military personnel being deployed to Liberia to help tackle the Ebola crisis may come into contact with the virus, a Pentagon official said Tuesday. Speaking at a press conference, the head of U.S. Africa Command, Gen. David Rodriguez, said that while the majority of U.S. troops involved in the mission would not be exposed to the disease, those in mobile testing labs could have contact in that environment. "They're all trained at a very, very high level," Rodriguez told reporters of the lab personnel, who constitute a "separate, specialty element of the force." The Pentagon has sent three of these mobile labs to Liberia so far, and expects to send more in the coming months, according to Rodriguez. Each mobile lab is staffed by three or four service members, a fraction of the overall military presence in the country. Last week, Pentagon Press Secretary Rear Adm. John Kirby told reporters there was "no expectation" that U.S. troops would be "physically, geographically in a situation where that they should be exposed" to Ebola, though he admitted that risk to lab technicians is higher than the troops. On Tuesday, Rodriguez emphasized that, "the health and safety of the team supporting this mission is our priority." "We will do everything in our power to address and mitigate the potential risk to our service members, civilian employees, contractors and their families," he said. If a service member contracts Ebola while in Liberia, Rodriguez said they would be flown to the United States in a specially outfitted plane to a facility equipped to handle their case. Three American civilians who have so far contracted the disease while in West Africa were similarly evacuated. But the Pentagon insists they are taking all necessary precautions to keep personnel from becoming infected. Troops are completing special training before they deploy and will have to follow strict protocols in the field, which include frequent washing of hands and feet, as well as temperature-taking. They will also have to fill out questionnaires on their physical condition and any symptoms they might be experiencing. Up to 4,000 U.S. military personnel have been approved for deployment in this effort, which Gen. Rodriguez said would cost an estimated $750 million over a six month period.
highlights: Some U.S. personnel could be in contact with Ebola in West Africa, Pentagon official says . Personnel are trained at "very high level" for such contact, official says . Official: Any U.S. personnel infected would be evacuated in specially equipped plane .
id: 554af1c3fc7aac71c149c8c7bea223d691eee9a5
chatgpt: The possibility of US personnel coming into contact with the deadly Ebola virus in West Africa has been raised by a Pentagon official. The official has, however, stated that the personnel sent to the region are trained to a "very high level" for such contact, making them as prepared as possible. The official, whose name has not been released, said that any US personnel who become infected with Ebola would be evacuated in a specially equipped plane. This is part of the US military's emergency response plan in the event that any of its personnel become infected with the virus. Ebola is a highly infectious and often fatal virus that has wreaked havoc in West Africa since the outbreak began in 2014. The virus causes fever, muscle pain, weakness, vomiting, and diarrhoea, and can lead to internal and external bleeding. The disease is transmitted through direct contact with bodily fluids of an infected person, including blood, saliva, and sweat. The US military has a long history of responding to global health crises, and has been heavily involved in efforts to combat the Ebola outbreak in West Africa. The Pentagon has sent thousands of personnel to the region, providing medical and logistical support to local authorities. Experts have praised the US military's efforts in the fight against Ebola, with many saying that the military's training and expertise have been critical in containing the spread of the virus. The military has also made significant contributions to research and development efforts for vaccines and other treatments for Ebola. Despite the risks involved, US military personnel are said to be highly committed to their mission in West Africa, both in terms of fighting the Ebola outbreak and building stronger relationships with local communities. Many military personnel have expressed a sense of duty and responsibility in their work, and are determined to see the outbreak contained as quickly as possible. As the Ebola outbreak continues to ravage West Africa, the US military remains at the front lines of the response. Despite the risks involved, the military is committed to doing whatever it takes to contain the spread of the virus and help those affected by the outbreak.