article: Munster's European Champions Cup destiny is slipping out of their hands after they were beaten 26-19 by star-studded Clermont Auvergne at Stade Marcel-Michelin. Munster had never lost the back-to-back contests of rounds three and four but Clermont became the first to do that double over the former champions following their historic 16-9 win at Thomond Park a week earlier. It means Clermont are firm automatic quarter-final qualifiers after they moved four-points clear at the top of a hugely competitive Pool 1 having collected 17 points ahead of Saracens, with Munster third on 10 points - the Irish team facing Saracens and Sale Sharks next month. Noa Nakaitaci (left) breaks away to score a try during Clermont's Champions Cup victory over Munster . Nakaitaci crosses the line as Clermont move four points clear at the top of their Pool 1 . Nakaitaci is congratulated by team-mates after scoring one of the tries of the tournament . The match was a fast and furious contest but - while Munster gave it their all - it was Clermont who had the class where it mattered most in the backs. Munster started strongly and went six points clear with two Ian Keatley penalties - and his injury-time effort earned them a losing bonus point - but Clermont produced some glorious flowing rugby to conjure up a couple of memorable tries. Wesley Fofana was one of those weaving his magic and Munster simply ran out of defenders for skipper Damien Chouly to finish off a magnificent team try. Then, just before the break, a scintillating solo effort from wing Noa Nakaitaci produced another contender for try of the tournament and Camille Lopez's conversion made it 15-6 at the break. Wesley Fofana (right) pulled the strings as the French side completed the double over Munster . Felix Jones (left) makes a high challenge before later receiving a yellow card later in the game . Fritz Lee (centre) of Clermont Auvergne charges upfield at the Stade Marcel Michelin . Damien Chouly (2nd left) is congratulated by team-mates after scoring a magnificent team try . Munster had contested every scrap of possession with great intensity - Paul O'Connell always in the thick of things - but a yellow card for full back Felix Jones for a trip on outside half Lopez, who ended up with 11 points from the boot, left them a man short and facing an even higher mountain to climb. Clermont had the upper hand in the scrums while Munster had their best moments at the breakdown but, when it came to posing threats with the ball in hand, Lopez sending a pinpoint cross kick for Chouly to collect unopposed and cross for his second and Clermont's third. Hooker Duncan Casey finally found the way to the Clermont line late on and Keatley converted but Clermont had already done the damage.
highlights: Clermont Auvergne were too strong for Munster in Champions Cup clash . The French side did the double to move four points clear at top of Pool 1 . Noa Nakaitaci produced a stunning try while Irish team earned bonus point .
id: 3a0d9fbd6fb1c63b61946cdbfa06f147ed4e2df4
chatgpt: In a thrilling Champions Cup clash, Clermont Auvergne showed their class and skill as they earned a 26-21 victory over Munster. The French side did the double over the Irish team to move four points clear at the top of Pool 1. From the outset, Munster looked to be in for a tough night as the visitors quickly took control of the game. Although Munster made a solid start, their defence was eventually breached with Noa Nakaitaci producing a stunning try. The French winger showed his pace and power as he burst through a gap to score a try that left Munster stunned. Despite the setback, Munster refused to give up and continued to work hard to get back into the game. They managed to earn a bonus point by scoring four tries, but it wasn't enough to overcome Clermont Auvergne. Clermont Auvergne, on the other hand, showed their dominance throughout the game. They were strong in all areas of the pitch and were able to control the game with some dynamic attacking rugby. Their defence was also superb as they managed to shut down Munster's attacks and limit their scoring opportunities. The victory was a key one for Clermont Auvergne as it sees them move four points clear at the top of Pool 1. They will be confident of advancing to the knockout stages of the Champions Cup and will be a team to watch out for in the later rounds. Despite the defeat, Munster will take heart from their bonus point and their resilience throughout the game. They will need to regroup quickly, however, as they face a tough challenge in their next Champions Cup clash against Ulster. Overall, the game was a fantastic showcase of high-quality rugby and a credit to both teams. Clermont Auvergne were deserved winners on the night and will no doubt be delighted with their performance. Munster, meanwhile, will look to learn from the game and come back stronger in their next Champions Cup fixture.