article: What better way to prepare for a UFC title defence than sparring with a boxing legend? Well UFC light heavyweight champion Jon Jones has done just that, posting a video on Instagram with former heavyweight boxing champion Mike Tyson. Luckily for Jones the quick box wasn’t in the ring as Tyson, an avid mixed martial arts fan, still showed he’s still pretty good with his hands. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Jon 'Bones' Jones play fighting with Mike Tyson . Joking around: Tyson and Jones played to the cameras when they bumped into each other . Throwing punches: Tyson ducks under a punch from UFC champion Jones during their play fighting . Slap: Jones manages to slap Mike Tyson, the former undisputed heavyweight world boxing champion . Big reach: Tyson was a fierce competitor during his fighting days but luckily for Jones the sparring was calm . Big hug: Tyson, who's last professional boxing bout was in 2005, hugs Jones after their joke sparring session . ‘Bones’ caught on camera and posted on his Instagram account with the caption ‘Quick sparring session with @MikeTyson #boxing #mma #Goodtimes’. Jones, 23, became the youngest champion in UFC history in 2011 and recently underwent surgery to repair his knee, which forced a planned title defence against Daniel Cormier back to January 2015. During his rehab Jones has also been seen dabbling in the world of WWE wrestling but will look to prepare in time for his much anticipated seventh title defence against Cormier. The pair brawled in Las Vegas at the beginning of the month and will certainly be a bout to watch out for in January. Champion: Jon 'Bones' Jones became UFC's youngest ever champion in 2011 with the light heavyweight title . Title defence: Jones will defend his title against Daniel Cormier in January next year after knee surgery . VIDEO Jones and Cormier speak following media day incident .
highlights: Light Heavyweight UFC Champion Jon Jones posted the video on Instagram . Jokingly sparred with Mike Tyson whilst recovering from injury . Jones came to blows with title challenger Daniel Cormier in Las Vegas brawl .
id: 8524d31d1ce9a3cc311fec21d3694748fe1ec5af
chatgpt: Light heavyweight UFC champion Jon Jones posted a video on his Instagram that had the internet talking. Jones was shown jokingly sparring with none other than the legendary boxer, Mike Tyson. Fans were excited to see the two combat sports icons going at it as Jones continues to recover from his recent injury. In the video, Tyson appeared to be in good spirits, as he lightly patted Jones’ gloves before the two began sparring. Jones managed to land a few punches, and even dodged some of Tyson’s jabs. The video quickly went viral, with fans debating on who would have won if it had been a real fight. Jones is a well-known figure in the UFC world, having defended his light heavyweight title three times since 2018. However, he’s also had a fair share of controversies in the past. Just last year, Jones was caught violating the UFC’s anti-doping policy and was suspended for a year. Now, as he recovers from his latest injury, he is already looking towards his next fight. Jones’ rivalry with title challenger Daniel Cormier has been brewing for years. In 2014, the two faced off in a highly publicized match that Jones ultimately won. However, their feud continued to escalate, with the two even coming to blows during a press conference in Las Vegas in 2017. Jones has since apologized for his actions and has expressed a desire to move forward. However, his latest video with Mike Tyson has some fans questioning if he’s taking his training seriously enough. Nevertheless, Jones has remained focused on his upcoming title defense against Dominick Reyes, set to take place in Houston, Texas in February. Overall, Jones’ lighthearted sparring session with Mike Tyson may have thrown some fans off, but it’s clear that the light heavyweight champion is still taking his training seriously. As he prepares to defend his title in the coming months, all eyes will be on Jones to see if he can continue to dominate the UFC world.