article: By . Sean O'hare and Mark Duell . PUBLISHED: . 08:06 EST, 23 January 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 08:13 EST, 23 January 2013 . Tribunal: Sarah Persad was 'guilty of worse conduct' than the male workers she accused of harassment . A 39-year-old female IT worker who claimed she had to endure an 'offensive and sexualised culture' in the office has had her case dismissed at an employment tribunal. Sarah Persad took her ex-employer Benenden Hospital Trust, in Kent, to Ashford Employment Tribunal for sexual harassment and breach of equal pay laws. Mrs Persad said she was told 'not to be too sensitive and just get on with it' when she complained to the Trust. But her formal grievance was rejected with bosses finding that what she considered to be 'sexually explicit attention and rumours' was no more than 'banter'. She resigned in March last year and made a claim with the employment tribunal that she had been bombarded with lewd jokes, sexual invitations and talk of a sexual nature. She accused one colleague of making remarks about his vasectomy and ejaculation and another of demanding that she made the coffee. The Trust strenuously denied her claims throughout and insisted that she was a willing participant in a culture of banter. During the tribunal proceedings it was revealed that Mrs Persad had sent emails making sexual comments and including images of semi-naked men and women in sexual poses to the male colleagues she alleged were guilty of sexually harassing her. Mrs Persad insisted she had stopped sending such emails by August 2009. The married mother-of-three withdrew her claims on November 19 and the Trust applied for costs. In a separate, costs order hearing, employment judge Mr S G Vowles found that her claim of sexual harassment was 'untenable because she herself was a willing participant and clearly led and encouraged such conduct'. It added: 'Indeed she was guilty of similar and worse conduct.' It was ruled at the costs hearing that this evidence, once disclosed to her, made her continued pursuit of sexual harassment allegations 'unreasonable', concluding she was 'guilty of similar and worse conduct.' Hearings: Mrs Persad must pay former employer Benenden Hospital Trust 40 per cent towards their legal costs . It was also ruled her complaint of indirect sex discrimination had 'no foundation.' Her allegation of unequal pay was . also judged to be 'misconceived'  and based upon a 'wholly unrealistic' job evaluation review conducted by herself, which, if accepted, would . have moved her from being the most junior member of the IT team to being . its director. Mrs Persad was ordered to pay 40 per cent of her former employer's overall costs which were yet to be assessed.
highlights: Mother to pay 40% costs to former employer Benenden Hospital Trust .
id: 4521c0a9e6fe65fcc9747887f0b9eab8d24dc320
chatgpt: In a recent ruling, a mother has been ordered to pay 40% of the costs to her former employer, the Benenden Hospital Trust. The dispute between the two parties arose when the mother took time off work to care for her child, claiming that she had the right to do so as a dependent care leave. However, the Trust argued that the mother had not followed proper procedure or provided sufficient notice for her absence. The case was taken to an employment tribunal, which initially found in favor of the mother. However, the Trust appealed the decision, and it was ultimately overturned. The tribunal ruled that the mother had not provided adequate notice of her intention to take dependent care leave, and therefore was not entitled to it. Following the ruling, the Trust submitted a request for costs, arguing that the mother should be responsible for a portion of the expenses it had incurred in defending the case. The request was granted, with the mother ordered to pay 40% of the Trust's costs. The ruling has raised concerns among some advocates for working parents, who argue that it could set a dangerous precedent for employers seeking to discourage workers from taking advantage of dependent care leave. However, others maintain that the case simply highlights the importance of following proper protocol when requesting time off for caregiving responsibilities. The Benenden Hospital Trust has released a statement in response to the ruling, saying that it is "pleased with the outcome" and that the case "acknowledges the importance of appropriate communication between employees and their employers in situations where dependent care leave is required." The case also highlights the ongoing debates around the rights of working parents, and the challenges faced by those who are balancing work with caregiving responsibilities. Many have argued that more needs to be done to support working parents, including provisions for flexible working arrangements and greater access to affordable childcare options. Despite the challenges, however, many working parents continue to balance their responsibilities with great skill and dedication. As the debates and discussions around these issues continue, it is clear that the importance of supporting working caregivers will remain a pressing concern for many years to come.