article: France’s far-right National Front has admitted borrowing millions of pounds from Russia amid growing concerns that the Kremlin is using populist parties to gain influence in European politics. National Front leader Marine Le Pen has confirmed that the party had borrowed £7 million in September from the Russian-owned First Czech-Russian Bank. Speaking after the information was leaked to the media, Ms Le Pen said that French and other western banks had refused to finance the National Front, which is France’s most popular party, according to opinion polls. France’s far-right National Front, led by Marine Le Pen, above, has admitted borrowing millions of pounds from Russia amid growing concerns that the Kremlin is using populist parties to gain influence in European politics; Ms Le Pen is pictured after delivering a speech during mayoral elections in March 2014 . The Times reports Ms Le Pen as saying: 'We signed with the First (bank) who agreed and we're very happy about it.' She insisted that it was 'ridiculous to suggest that gaining a loan would determine our international position'. And added that the accusations were 'outrageous and offensive', and that her party had long held pro-Russian views. Despite her comments the party's treasurer, Wallerand de Saint Just, admitted he would have preferred the party had chosen a French bank. According to the party the money was needed to prepare for the coming elections, leading up to the presidential campaign of 2017 in which Ms Le Pen would run. Russian  President Vladimir Putin is accused of supporting populist parties in an attempt to have more influence on European politics; the Kremlin is said to support several groups across Europe . Politicians and experts have been tracking the National Front's increasingly close relationship with Russian President Vladimir Putin who is said to be charming populist, anti-EU groups. They are dubious of any obligations the group might have to its creditor. Its understood the Kremlin now supports Belgium's Vlaams Belang, Greece's neo-fascist Golden Dawn, Hungary's Jobbik, Italy's Northern League and the Freedom Party of Austria. All, with exception of Golden Dawn, were invited along with the National Front, to watch Crimea's vote to join Russia last month. Jobbik is believed to be under investigation for receiving secret funding from Russia. An expect on the National Front in France said Moscow was sending a warning message to governments in EU countries. If they didn't support Russia, the country would support parties that were against them, Jean-Vyes Camus said. The National Front has supported Russia since the 1980s.
highlights: France's National Front claims Western banks turned the party down . Also said taking the loan won't 'determine our international position' Experts fear the party will now be under obligations from their creditors . Putin is accused of supporting populist parties to influence EU politics .
id: 8a8a6208e414f71a4aa34d265d17113a4097b448
chatgpt: France’s far-right National Front party has claimed that Western banks have failed to provide them with a loan. The party’s treasurer, Wallerand de Saint-Just, stated that “we received negative answers from all banks we solicited”. These claims come just weeks after the party secured a €27 million loan from a Russian lender, prompting concerns that the party might be under obligation to Vladimir Putin’s regime. Despite the apparent setback, the National Front have remained defiant. “We will not go bankrupt”, Saint-Just said in a statement. “If we have to, we’ll drastically reduce our spending”. He also claimed that the party’s international position would not be affected by the failure to secure Western financing, stating “the impact on our influence is limited”. While the National Front are eager to downplay the significance of their inability to secure funding from Western banks, political analysts have noted the potential ramifications. The party is expected to spend heavily ahead of next year’s presidential election in France, and may need to resort to further borrowing to fund their campaign. If this involves seeking further loans from Russia or other countries outside of the EU, the party’s international position could be compromised. These concerns are compounded by allegations that Putin is supporting populist parties across Europe in order to influence EU politics. If the National Front becomes indebted to the Russian state, opponents argue they may act on Russia’s behalf instead of France’s. However, it is worth noting that Saint-Just has denied the party is becoming too close to Moscow. “We’re not dependent on Russia at all”, he said. “It’s an election loan, like any other party receives”. Despite this claim, the failure to secure funding from Western banks is a blow to the National Front’s electoral prospects. But the party has proven remarkably resilient in recent years, and their political influence in France shows no signs of waning. The National Front’s anti-immigrant policies proved popular with a significant portion of the French electorate in the 2015 regional elections. Party leader Marine Le Pen is widely expected to make it to the second round of the presidential election next year, where she is likely to face current President Francois Hollande. Experts predict that next year’s presidential contest will be the most closely fought in years. The failure to secure outside financing may hamper the National Front’s attempts to win over undecided voters, but it is unlikely to damage the party’s core support base. As for Russia’s alleged influence on European populist movements, this is a topic which looks set to continue to generate controversy and concern.