article: (CNN) -- Former champion Angel Cabrera and America's Brandt Snedeker are tied for the lead after the third round of the Masters at Augusta National Golf Club. The 2009 champion from Argentina and Snedeker, who tied for third at Augusta in 2008, both shot three-under par rounds of 69 to finish on seven under par, one shot ahead of Australia's Adam Scott, who also shot 69 on Saturday. After a steady 16 holes, overnight leader Jason Day finished with two bogeys to slip back into a tie for fourth alongside another Australian Marc Leishman (72) with America's Matt Kuchar one shot further back after posting a 69 earlier in the day. Despite not having a spectacular day on the course, Tiger Woods still managed to grab the majority of the headlines. The world No.1 finished on three-under par, four shots off the lead, but began his day not knowing whether he'd be competing at all over the weekend following a rule violation at the par five 15th during Friday's second round. Speculation mounted on Saturday morning that Woods might be disqualified for taking a drop in the wrong place after his ball had ricocheted off the flagstick on 15th green and back into the water hazard at the front. But having sought an explanation from Woods, the Augusta National rules committee, who described him as "very forthright" and "honest," concluded that the four-time Masters champion should incur a two-stroke penalty. Woods ended up shooting a round of 70 and wasn't firing on all cylinders but is now well placed to mount a challenge in Sunday's final round. "I hit it all right today. I missed a few putts here and there. I had a few opportunities to shoot a lower score but the finish was huge - the last three saves certainly kept me in the ball game," Woods said. Woods is tied for seventh place with South Africa's Tim Clark whose five-under par round of 67 was the best of the day. America's Jim Furyk, Ricky Fowler and Steve Stricker are currently tied for ninth at two-under par alongside England's Lee Westwood and two-time champion, Germany's Bernhard Langer. China's teenage star Guan Tianlang battled his way to five-over par 77 to leave the 14-year-old amateur nine-over par for the tournament. Guan's third round was two strokes better than Rory McIlroy, who played his way out of contention with a disastrous round of 79. The Northern Irishman's round fell apart at the 11th where his approach found the water. He walked off having carded a triple-bogey seven. His ball also found water at the 15th which contributed two more dropped shots before bogeying the 16th to leave McIlroy five over for the tournament. Defending champion Bubba Watson posted a two-under par round of 70 -- his best round of the week -- to leave him in a tie for 28th on two-over par.
highlights: Angel Cabrera and Brandt Snedeker are joint leaders of the Masters after three rounds . Former champion Cabrera and Snedeker are one shot ahead of Australia's Adam Scott . Overnight leader, Jason Day tied for fourth with fellow Aussie Marc Leishman . Tiger Woods incurs two-shot penalty for rule violation on Friday and is tied for seventh .
id: 0562316358df673dec5d5611ee741dcb7d4180ed
chatgpt: Angel Cabrera and Brandt Snedeker shared the top spot on the leaderboard after the third round of the 2013 Masters. The duo were one shot ahead of Australia's Adam Scott, who gave a good account of himself yet again in his bid to win the famous green jacket. Overnight leader, Jason Day, and his fellow Aussie Marc Leishman were tied for fourth, just two shots adrift of the leaders. Cabrera won the Masters in 2009 and has been in good form all week. The Argentine veteran is one of the game’s great shot-makers and he is likely to be a tough competitor if he manages to stay near the top of the leaderboard. Snedeker, meanwhile, is a US PGA Tour regular who has been in good form all season. He has played well in previous Masters tournaments and is looking to make his mark this year. The competition at Augusta National Golf Club had been high, with players battling both the challenging course conditions and each other. The round saw some thrilling golf, with several players making an early charge towards the top of the leaderboard. However, it was the veteran Cabrera and the resurgent Snedeker who played some of the most consistent golf of the day. Australia's Adam Scott, who finished joint second last year, is once again in the mix after three rounds. The Australian shot a 69, his third consecutive round below 70, to lie one shot behind the two leaders. He has been playing quality golf so far, and had it not been for a costly bogey on the par-four fourth, he could have been much closer to the top of the leaderboard. Tiger Woods, who was bidding for his fifth green jacket, suffered a setback on Friday when he incurred a two-shot penalty for a rule violation. The American played an excellent round to finish with 70, which included three consecutive birdies at the end. However, the two-shot penalty meant he ended the day tied for seventh, five shots behind the leaders. The other overnight leader, Jason Day, failed to keep pace with the leaders, carding a level par score of 72. He tied for fourth with fellow Australian Marc Leishman after they both finished the day on six-under-par. Leishman, who was playing in his first Masters, made a great start to his round with two birdies in the first three holes. However, he dropped two shots on the second nine to end his day in a tie for fourth. The leaderboard is tightly packed at the moment, and it will be interesting to see who manages to hold their nerve on Sunday's final round. With several players in contention, it promises to be a thrilling conclusion to what has been an enthralling tournament so far.