article: Researchers are investigating whether a simple eye test could be used to identify the early stages of Alzheimer’s disease. A three-year £1.1 million project will look at whether warning signs can be detected using special computer software to analyse high-definition images of the eye. Evidence suggests that changes in the patterns of ocular veins and arteries can be linked to other disease such as stroke and cardiovascular disease. Researchers are examining whether an eye test may be able to point out the early signs of dementia (file image) A team at the University of Dundee’s school of computing have developed the software - known as Vampire - with colleagues at the University of Edinburgh. Project co-ordinator Emanuele Trucco, professor of computational vision at the University of Dundee, said: 'If you can look into someone’s eyes using an inexpensive machine and discover something which may suggest a risk of developing dementia, then that’s a very interesting proposition. 'There is the promise of early warning in a non-invasive way and there is also the fact that we even might be able to use the test to differentiate between different types of dementia.' Researchers will compare measurements of thousands of images with medical histories stored at Dundee’s Ninewells Hospital to see if a relationship can be established. Mr Trucco said: 'When changes occur in some parts of the body, you can see differences in the retinal vessels, e.g. in width, some vessels become thinner; some become larger; differences in the tortuosity, or how wriggly the vessels become; there are also differences in the angles when vessels split in two. Researchers believe the tests could help diagnose dementia, among other ailments, sooner (file image) 'These measurements can indicate a huge amount but to take them by hand is an extremely time-consuming, tedious process. 'The Vampire software interface allows researchers to take these measures repeatedly, reliably, and efficiently even when working with a large number of images.' The Engineering and Physical Science Research Council (EPSRC) has funded the project as part an £8 million investment in research at 11 UK universities. Professor Philip Nelson, EPSRC’s chief executive, said, 'The UK faces a huge challenge over the coming decades, we have an ageing population and a likely rise in the numbers of people suffering from dementias. 'These research projects will improve our abilities to detect and understand dementias and how the disease progresses.'
highlights: Three-year project will examine whether signs can be detected in eye tests . 'Vampire' software developed by researchers at the University of Dundee . Vein patterns may also be linked to stroke and cardiovascular diseases .
id: badfecd1691c360811c9f200902931ee507690e8
chatgpt: Researchers at the University of Dundee have developed "vampire" software that can examine the eye and detect early signs of a variety of diseases, including stroke and cardiovascular diseases. The three-year project, funded by the Engineering and Physical Sciences Research Council, aims to identify whether or not the software can detect these diseases early enough to intervene and potentially prevent them from developing. The "vampire" software, named for its ability to detect "vampire veins" in the eye, is designed to examine veins in a non-invasive way. When the blood vessels in the eye die, the unique pattern of the veins becomes distorted, which the software can detect. These patterns can then be used to predict the risk of developing various diseases. Dr. Tom MacGillivray, senior researcher on the project, says that the software will be a "game changer" in the fight against diseases that can be prevented by early detection. "Being able to detect the signs of these diseases before they become too advanced is critical to their prevention," he says. "Our software has the potential to revolutionize the way that we diagnose and treat these diseases, and could save countless lives in the process." In addition to detecting early signs of stroke and cardiovascular diseases, the software can also be used to diagnose other diseases that affect the eye, such as diabetic retinopathy and glaucoma. These diseases are often difficult to diagnose early on, leading to expensive and invasive treatments that can be avoided with early detection. The project will involve testing the "vampire" software on a group of patients who are at risk for developing these diseases. If successful, the software could be used to examine the eye during routine check-ups, leading to earlier diagnosis and treatment of these potentially life-threatening conditions. Dr. MacGillivray notes that the project is in the early stages and there is still much work to be done, but he is optimistic about its potential. "We are still in the process of gathering data and testing the software on patients, but we believe that it has the potential to change the way that we diagnose and treat a variety of diseases," he says. The project is part of a larger effort to improve healthcare technology and make it more accessible to patients. As technology advances, diseases that were once difficult to diagnose and treat may become much more manageable. The "vampire" software is just one example of the exciting developments taking place in the field of healthcare technology.