article: Anti-semitism campaigners have described a Turkish shampoo commercial featuring Hitler as a 'deplorable marketing ploy'. The 12-second advert for Biomen shampoo shows the Nazi leader gesticulating wildly during a speech, before the commercial urges customers to buy the '100 per cent male shampoo'. Underneath the footage of Hitler from an undated speech, there is a caption which translates as, 'If you are not wearing a woman's dress, you should not use her shampoo either'. SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO . Controversial: The advert for Biomen shows Hitler and tells viewers, 'If you are not wearing a woman's dress, you should not use her shampoo either' The advert by the Turkish firm ends by claiming the shampoo is for 'real men' The controversial ad finishes with the strapline, 'Here it is, a real men’s shampoo, Biomen.' Jewish organisations and anti-semitism groups have urged Turkish firm Biofirm to pull the advert, but the company have so far refused to withdraw the campaign since it first aired last week. The Turkish Jewish Community said in statement: 'It's totally unacceptable to make use of Hitler, the most striking example of cruelty and savagery.' Other groups were also quick to condemn the short commercial. The Anti-Defamation League has written to Turkey's Ambassador to the U.S., Namik Tan, after saying it was 'repulsed' by the commercial. Abraham H. Foxman, the League's National Director, said on the ADL website: 'The use of images of the violently anti-Semitic dictator who was responsible for the mass murder of 6 million Jews and millions of others in the Holocaust to sell shampoo is a disgusting and deplorable marketing ploy. Popular: Hitler's autobiography, Mein Kampf, became an unlikely bestseller in Turkey in 2005 . 'This video is just the latest example of the use of Holocaust imagery in some countries to sell commercial products, which has contributed to the trivialization of and desensitization to the unparalleled horrors of the Holocaust. 'There can never be any justifiable purpose for using the images of Hitler, Nazis or any other depiction of the Nazi killing machine to sell products or services.' Turkey has long had an apparent fascination with Hitler, as the Nazi leader's autobiography Mein Kampft, became a bestseller in the country in 2005. The country itself has a Jewish population of between 18,000 and 20,000, most of whom live in Istanbul.
highlights: Biomen ad uses Hitler to promote 'real men's shampoo' Anti-semitism groups brand campaign 'deplorable'
id: 12bc720d766cbb0b123d4fe88d7d7ce2aa16053d
chatgpt: A recent advertisement for Biomen's real men's shampoo has caused controversy due to its attempt to promote the product by using an image of Adolf Hitler. The ad, which was posted on social media, features an image of Hitler with the tagline "If you're not wearing a woman's dress, you shouldn't be using a woman's shampoo." The advertisement goes on to state that Biomen's shampoo is specially formulated for "real men". The use of Hitler in the advertisement has generated widespread criticism from Jewish groups and anti-hate organisations. The groups have labelled the campaign "deplorable" and called on Biomen to withdraw the advertisement. The Simon Wiesenthal Center, a leading Jewish human rights organisation, has called the advertisement an "outrageous abuse of the memory of the Holocaust" and a "dangerous promotion of extremist hatred". Other groups, such as the Anti-Defamation League and the American Jewish Committee, have expressed similar concerns about the advertisement. Many have argued that the use of Hitler, a known anti-Semite responsible for the genocide of six million Jews, is deeply inappropriate and offensive. In response to the criticism, Biomen has issued a statement apologising for the advertisement and stating that it "does not reflect our values as a company". The statement goes on to say that the advertisement has been removed from all social media channels and that Biomen intends to take steps to ensure that such an incident does not occur again. Despite the apology, many have called for a boycott of Biomen's products. Some have argued that the company's use of Hitler in the advertisement indicates a broader problem with the company's values and that the apology is not sufficient. The controversy has once again raised questions about the use of historical figures in advertising campaigns. While some argue that it can be an effective way to grab attention and generate buzz, others argue that it is inappropriate and offensive to use such figures in this way. The controversy surrounding Biomen's advertisement highlights the need for companies to be mindful of the messages that their advertising campaigns send. While the use of historically significant figures may be tempting as a way to generate attention, it is important to consider the potential impact of these campaigns on individuals and communities that may be directly affected by them.