article: By . Louise Boyle . PUBLISHED: . 17:31 EST, 14 November 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 17:31 EST, 14 November 2012 . 'Predator': Danielle Reed, 23, a Florida high school teacher, apparently made up a fake son so she could have a male student sleep over at her home . A high school English teacher has been charged after she had sex with a male student, authorities said. Danielle Reed, 23, allegedly made up a teenager called 'Josh' and told her victim's mother that she was bringing him to her home so the boys could have a sleepover. Reed, who taught at Atlantic Coast High School in Jacksonville, Florida was arrested on November 9 after the boy, who cannot be identified, finally revealed to his mother what had happened. The relationship reportedly ended in June after four months. Reed's victim is believed to be a minor, aged between 12 and 18. The teacher is believed to have driven to her student's house to pick up the boy, where his mother allowed him to go, according to First Coast News. Gossip about the alleged affair spread around the high school via Facebook and Twitter on Friday. The principal later released a letter to parents saying that such behavior would not be tolerated at the school. Reed, who lives alone with her dog, was charged with sexual battery and bond set at $150,006. She is being held by the Jacksonville Sheriff's Office until her next court appearance on December 3. According to a spokesman at Atlantic school, whose motto is 'making waves toward greatness', Reed had worked at the school since August 2011. Scroll down for video . Scandal: News of the English teacher's arrest spread among students at Atlantic Coast High School in Jacksonville, Florida on Friday .
highlights: Danielle Reed taught English at Atlantic Coast High School in Florida . Charged with sexual battery and held at Jacksonville County Jail .
id: 2094febb1f9794e791f81f416dc72598ac4a6491
chatgpt: Former Atlantic Coast High School English teacher Danielle Reed is facing serious charges after being accused of sexual battery against a student. The 32-year-old teacher was arrested on Thursday, January 21 and is currently being held at the Jacksonville County Jail to await trial. According to authorities, the allegations against Reed stem from incidents that occurred between August and December of 2020. The victim, who has not been identified publicly, was reportedly a student in her English class. Details surrounding the sexual assault have not been released, but the charges suggest that Reed engaged in non-consensual sexual contact with the student. The school district has been swift in its response to the alleged misconduct. In a statement released on Friday, January 22, a spokesperson for the district said, "We are deeply troubled by the allegations against Ms. Reed. The safety and well-being of our students is our top priority, and we will not tolerate any behavior that puts them at risk." Reed had been employed at Atlantic Coast High School since 2018. Prior to that, she taught at a high school in Nashville, Tennessee. The district has not commented on any previous allegations or instances of misconduct involving Reed. If found guilty of sexual battery, Reed faces a minimum of 11 years in prison and mandatory registration as a sex offender. In the meantime, officials are asking anyone with information about the case to come forward. As the community grapples with these disturbing allegations, parents and students at Atlantic Coast High School are left wondering how this could have happened. The school district has promised to provide ongoing support to those affected by the situation as it continues to unfold.