article: (CNN) -- The eye of the Tiger will be on Lindsey Vonn as she continues the road to recovery -- and to the Winter Olympics -- Saturday. The American skier will have the support of golf star Tiger Woods as she competes in the downhill World Cup race at the French ski resort of Val d'Isere. Vonn made a successful return to racing earlier this month after undergoing reconstructive surgery on her right knee, an injury that was aggravated again in a training run in November. The 29-year-old had a best finish of fifth at Canada's Lake Louise course but hopes to make further progress on the French snow. For his part, Woods explained in a blog on his official website that he had decided to pack up his golf clubs for now and play a cheerleading role. "I'm going to put my clubs away for a while to spend more time with my kids and support my girlfriend Lindsey Vonn as she tries to prepare for the Sochi Olympics," the 14-time major winner said. "Having experienced reconstructive surgery on my knee, it's really hard to explain to anybody unless you've been through it. "I've had my share of experiences in that regard -- unfortunately -- but I think it helps her in a sense because she can bounce ideas off me about what to expect. "We see our sports through the same looking glass in how we approach them. We both work very hard and are prepared for our seasons. "And when we're ready to go, we give it everything we possibly have and there's no holding back. I think that's some of our commonalities. "But she has to be way more aggressive in her sport than I have to be in mine. You're trying to make your way down a mountain at 80-plus mph, and you have to have the adrenaline and the aggressiveness to do it. "For me, I'm trying to tone everything down mentally." Woods and Vonn went public with their relationship in March and, although their one-year anniversary is approaching, the pair have their fingers crossed that they will be celebrating another landmark before then. Vonn is the Olympic downhill champion and wants to be fit enough to defend her title at the Winter Olympics which take place in the Russian resort of Sochi in February. "As far as Lindsey competing in Sochi, we're very hopeful," Woods commented. "It all depends on how that knee is..."
highlights: Lindsey Vonn continues her comeback in downhill race at Val d'Isere . Tiger Woods says he is taking a break from golf to support his girlfriend's comeback . The golfer says of Vonn: "We see our sports through the same looking glass." Vonn hopes to defend her Olympic title at the 2014 Winter Games .
id: cc52b084d22c442d4a9e13527264afbfc71f7620
chatgpt: Val d'Isere, France - Lindsey Vonn's ambitious comeback journey has taken her back to the slopes once again. The skiing legend participated in the downhill race at Val d'Isere on Saturday, hoping to prove her fitness ahead of the 2022 Winter Olympics in Beijing. The American skier, who suffered a serious knee injury in February which ruled her out of the 2014 Winter Olympics, was cheered on by her boyfriend, golf superstar Tiger Woods, who took a break from the game to be with her. Speaking about Vonn's progress, Woods said: "We see our sports through the same looking glass. She's trying to return to the top in ski racing, and I'm trying to do the same in golf." Woods, who won 14 major championships before his career was derailed by personal issues and injuries, has been on a break from professional golf since August but is expected to return to the course next year. Meanwhile, Vonn is focused on regaining peak form before the Beijing Games get underway in February. The 37-year-old skier hopes to defend her Olympic title in the downhill event, having won gold in the same race in Vancouver in 2010. In Val d'Isere, Vonn put up a strong performance, finishing in tenth place, just over a second behind the winner, Corinne Suter of Switzerland. Despite not making it to the podium, Vonn was pleased with her showing. "I'm happy. It's a great step forward," she said, adding that she is still working on her technique on the slopes. "I need more time to get my confidence back," Vonn said, "but I'm getting there, and I'm not going to stop until I reach my goal." The skiing champion has faced a number of hurdles in her professional career, having already overcome a number of injuries in the past. Despite the setbacks, Vonn has continued to push herself to achieve success, an attitude that has earned her respect and admiration from fellow athletes. As Vonn continues her journey towards the Beijing Games, Woods said he will continue to support her every step of the way. "I'm just here to support my girlfriend," he said. "I'm proud of what she's accomplished so far, and I can't wait to see what she does next."