article: An attention hungry raven is on the loose and flew right in front of a camera filming the home of the San Francisco 49ers, Levi's Stadium. The NFL stadium in Santa Clara, California is being turned into an outdoor hockey rink for an NHL game on Saturday between the San Jose Sharks and the Los Angeles Kings and is undergoing a serious makeover. The stadium staff hoped to film the transformation by 200 workers over the past few days and was visited by one very menacing raven in the process. Who you lookin' at?: This raven photobombed a camera filming the transformation of Levi's Stadium into an ice rink for a game between the San Jose Sharks and the Los Angeles Kings on Saturday . Open wide: The raven opens its beak to perhaps express its enthusiasm about the upcoming NHL game in and NFL stadium home to the San Francisco 49ers . That's no ice rink! Levi's Stadium in Santa, Clara California home to the San Francisco 49ers, pictured as a football stadium, will be an NHL ice rink on Saturday night . After noticing the plucky bird on film, those responsible for filming the stadium preparation took the footage of the bird and added some ominous music in the background which made for a humorous video posted to YouTube that already has over 500,000 views. In the chirpy film, the raven ruffles his feathers a few times and lets out a few strong, 'cacaws!' before flying away into the infinite sky perhaps only to return when thousands of fans fill the seats. Raven or no raven, the game between the Sharks and the Kings will occur at 7 p.m. on Saturday night as part of the 2015 Coors Light NHL Stadium Series. Since some 70,000 spectators along with one bird are expected at the game, extra seating has been added to the already magnanimous stadium. The L.A. Times reports that this is the second outdoor games for the Kings. The team lost 3-0 to the Anaheim Ducks in January of last year. Fly by appearance: The raven flies off into the infinite sky to allow the camera to finish filming video of the stadium as it prepares for Saturday's game . Even more fans: The often busy stadium is expecting 70,000 fans on Saturday night so extra seating has been added to make room for spectators and avian guests .
highlights: An attention hungry raven is on the loose and flew right in front of a camera filming Levi football Stadium home to the San Francisco 49ers . The NFL stadium  is being turned into an outdoor hockey rink for an NHL game on Saturday between the San Jose Sharks and the Los Angeles Kings . Video posted to YouTube of the Raven already has over 500,000 views .
id: 76d66c542ddaa051bfd83795e19851958f323b7b
chatgpt: A mischievous raven has become a viral sensation after interrupting a camera filming Levi football Stadium, the home of the San Francisco 49ers. The feathered troublemaker flew right in front of the camera, stealing the spotlight from the NFL stadium. But this attention-hungry bird didn't stop there. The raven went on to capture even more attention by appearing in a video posted to YouTube, which has already garnered over 500,000 views. In the video, the raven is seen perched atop the seating area of the stadium, satisfying its curiosity by exploring the vast space around it. The video was shot as Levi Stadium was being transformed into an outdoor hockey rink for an upcoming NHL game on Saturday between the San Jose Sharks and the Los Angeles Kings. Despite the commotion and commotion of the construction, the raven was able to find its way in and made its way to the top of the stadium. In interviews with local media outlets, witnesses to the bird's antics described the raven as confident, even strutting its stuff for the camera. Officials at Levi Stadium have stated that they are taking measures to ensure that the bird does not cause any harm to itself or others during the construction process. Interestingly, this is not the first time that the black bird has made an appearance in outdoor sporting events. Last year, a raven caused a bit of a stir at a baseball game, as it swooped down and landed on a player's head during a live game. The incident was caught on camera and shared widely on social media. This latest escapade by the raven at Levi Stadium has made it an internet sensation once again. Social media users have flooded the internet with comments and reactions to the bird's antics, calling it everything from a "hero" to a "pest". As the NHL game draws closer, the raven's presence at Levi Stadium remains a mystery. Will it once again make an appearance? Only time will tell. But one thing is for sure, this attention-hungry bird has certainly captured the hearts of many with its playful antics.