article: (CNN) -- Serena and Venus Williams reached the finals of different tournaments for the first time since 1999 Friday as the most famous sister double act in sport warmed up for the opening grand slam of the season. Top-ranked Serena continued her domination of the women's game with a straight sets win over arch- rival Maria Sharapova to reach the Brisbane final, while 33-year-old Venus has reached the title match in Auckland. She benefited from a walkover when fifth seed Jamie Hampton was forced to withdraw before the start of their semifinal with a hip injury. Venus, herself blighted by Sjorgen's Syndrome and other injuries since 2011, will play Ana Ivanovic of Serbia in a battle of former No.1s. Ivanovic showed glimpses of her old form with a 6-0 7-3 win over Belgian Kirsten Flipkens to set up a dream final for the organizers. Likewise in Brisbane, Serena will play second-ranked Victoria Azarenka, who needed over two hours to get past fourth seed Jelena Jankovic, 1-6 6-3 6-4. After a slow start, Azarenka from Belarus, was able to get on top, racing to a 5-1 lead in the decider and then repelling a late Jankovic rally. "It wasn't the best execution, but she was playing some really good tennis out there today," she told the official WTA Tour website. Williams was also extended by third seed Sharapova, who is returning to the WTA Tour after shoulder problems. She took the opener 6-3 but had to recover from 3-1 down in a marathon 68-minute second set to win the tiebreaker 9-7 and progress to the final. 17-time grand slam champion Williams said she was looking forward to locking horns again with Azarenka after splitting four meetings last season. "She's so intense on court, and off court she's so cool," she said. "When you step on the court I don't know her and she doesn't know me, and we fight like crazy. When it's over, it's over. There's a lot of mutual respect there," she admitted. Williams will be looking to wrest the Australian Open title later this month from defending champion Azarenka so Saturday's title match will be an important marker. She and Venus contested eight grand slam finals between them in their heyday, with Serena winning six of them, as the pair dominated the women's game in the early years of the century.
highlights: No.1 Serena Williams reaches Brisbane final . Beats Maria Sharapova in straight sets . Plays second-ranked Victoria Azarenka in final . Venus Williams progresses to title match in Auckland .
id: 3389788d2e17ad23c7209250f1d840121d5bacf6
chatgpt: In a blazing start to the new year, tennis superstar Serena Williams has powered her way to the finals of the Brisbane International tournament, where she will face the second-ranked player Victoria Azarenka. Williams stamped her authority over Maria Sharapova in the semifinals, defeating the former world No.1 in straight sets, with a commanding 6-2, 7-6 (9-7) victory.  Williams and Sharapova had not clashed on the court for over three years. However, their past rivalry proved to hold no bearing in their latest encounter, as Williams dominated right from the start, racing to a 4-1 lead in the first set, before closing it out with an ace. Sharapova managed to put up a spirited fight in the second set and took the lead at 4-3, but Williams rallied to level the score and dominate the tie-break to secure her spot in the final. The American tennis legend has clearly stamped her authority on the Brisbane International tournament, with her previous wins including a triumph over fellow compatriot Madison Keys, and a victory over her long-time rival Sharapova. Williams now faces Azarenka, who herself has been in excellent form, securing her spot in the final by defeating defending champion Karolina Pliskova. However, Azarenka will have her task cut out against Williams, who has been in imperious form in the tournament so far. Williams has hit 17 aces, lost only a single set, and maintained an impressive 80 percent first serve win record. These statistics, combined with her past experience, will no doubt make Azarenka's chances of victory relatively slim. In another exciting show of talent, Williams' older sister Venus has also made it to a final, the ASB Classic in Auckland. The elder Williams sister rallied from behind to defeat fellow-American Lauren Davis in a thrilling semifinal, her victory blaring from the courts at the same time as her younger sister’s win. Venus will face unseeded American Jessica Pegula in the title match, in what is expected to be another intriguing contest of skill and will. The upcoming weekend is therefore set to be a thrilling showdown for the Williams sisters, as they battle it out for titles across the globe. Tennis fans across the world are eagerly awaiting to watch these tennis legends in action, as they continue to showcase their masterful skill and unmatched dominance on the court.