article: A Utah judge will get his first chance in December to hear the evidence against a woman accused of killing six of her seven newborns and storing all of their bodies in her garage. Attorneys for Megan Huntsman, 39, decided Monday not to waive their right to a preliminary hearing. That proceeding has been set for December 11. Megan Huntsman, accused of killing six of her newborn babies and storing their bodies in her garage, appears in court Monday in Provo, Utah . Attorneys for Megan Huntsman, 39, decided Monday not to waive their right to a preliminary hearing . At the conclusion of the hearing, a judge will decide if there is sufficient proof to send the case to trial. Huntsman is in jail on $6 million bail, charged with six counts of first-degree murder. She has not yet entered a plea. She made a brief appearance in court Monday, but didn't speak. Investigators believe Huntsman was addicted to methamphetamine and didn't want to care for the babies . Police tape the front of the house where seven infant bodies were discovered and packaged in in Pleasant Grove, Utah . Huntsman's estranged husband discovered the infants' bodies on April 12 while cleaning out the home . Huntsman's estranged husband discovered the infants' bodies on April 12 while cleaning out the home they had shared in Pleasant Grove, Utah, a city of about 35,000 south of Salt Lake City. Police say Huntsman strangled or suffocated the infants from 1996 to 2006, and that a seventh baby found in her garage was stillborn. Investigators believe Huntsman was addicted to methamphetamine and didn't want to care for the babies. DNA results have revealed that all seven babies were full term and that her now-estranged husband, Darren West, was the biological father of the infants. Huntsman lived with West during the 10-year period the children were killed, but he is not considered a suspect in the deaths. He went to prison in 2006 and spent more than eight years behind bars after pleading guilty to drug charges. West made the grisly discovery while cleaning out the garage. He called police to report finding a dead infant in a small white box covered with electrician's tape. Six other bodies were found wrapped in shirts or towels inside individual boxes in the garage after police obtained a search warrant.
highlights: Megan Huntsman, 39, is accused of murdering six of her children over a 10-year period . In jail on $6 million bail, charged with six counts of first-degree murder . Huntsman's estranged husband discovered bodies while cleaning home .
id: b61edccfed1bdce80fdf798efade30a3ddbfa0c2
chatgpt: Megan Huntsman, a 39-year-old Utah woman, has been accused of murdering six of her own children over a period of 10 years. She is currently in jail on $6 million bail, charged with six counts of first-degree murder. The gruesome discovery was made by Huntsman's estranged husband when he was cleaning out the family home in Pleasant Grove, Utah. According to the local police, who were called to investigate after the discovery, the bodies of seven infants were found in cardboard boxes in the garage of the house. Of the seven dead infants, six were determined to have been killed by Huntsman between 1996 and 2006. The seventh infant was stillborn, and it is unclear why Huntsman kept the body. According to a statement from the Utah County Attorney's Office, the investigation into the case was complex and detailed. They stated that when Huntsman was confronted with the evidence of the murders, she admitted to killing the infants and then disposing of their bodies. Huntsman's motive for the murders is still unclear, but investigators say that she was living with her husband during the time period in which the murders occurred. It is unknown if he was aware of the killings or if he played any role in them. The case has shocked the small community of Pleasant Grove, with many residents struggling to comprehend how such a horrific crime could occur in their town. Psychological experts have suggested that the killings may have been the result of a mental health condition or postpartum depression. Huntsman now faces a long and difficult legal battle, with six counts of first-degree murder carrying the possibility of the death penalty. While she has not yet entered a plea, it is expected that she will face a lengthy prison sentence regardless of the outcome of her trial. The tragic case has left many questioning how such a heinous crime could occur. As the investigation continues, authorities and members of the community are working to ensure that justice is served for the victims and their families.