article: (CNN) -- Joey Barton, one of the most controversial footballers in the English Premier League, has been hit with a 12-match ban by the Football Association (FA). The Queens Park Rangers midfielder, who has 1.5 million followers on micro-blogging site Twitter, was found guilty of two charges of violent conduct during a tumultuous clash with Manchester City earlier this month. Barton was sent off for elbowing Argentina striker Carlos Tevez, then kicked Tevez's compatriot Sergio Aguero before appearing to aim a headbutt at City captain Vincent Kompany. The 29-year-old attended an FA hearing at Wembley on Wednesday where he was given a £75,000 ($117,000) fine in addition to his lengthy ban. Manchester City win Premier League as Barton sees red . In a statement on their official website the FA confirmed Barton would receive an initial four match ban for his dismissal and eight more games for his two further offenses. The FA said: "There are rules of conduct that should be adhered to, and such behavior tarnishes the image of football in this country, particularly as this match was the pinnacle of the domestic season and watched by millions around the globe." Barton's regular rants on Twitter, interspersed with quotes from philosopher Friedrich Nietzsche and lyrics from songs of The Smiths, have gained him a huge following. He often tweets about visits to art galleries and his take on modern culture, and he's also been interviewed on UK political shows such as Newsnight. Barton's indiscretions at Manchester City are the latest in a long line of misdemeanors in what has been a checkered career to date. He was sentenced to six months in prison while a Newcastle United player for an assault in Liverpool city center and later transfer listed by the club after criticizing the hierarchy on Twitter. Prior to that, at Manchester City, he was fined for stubbing a cigar out in the eye of a youth team player and in a separate incident, was sent home from a tour of Thailand after an altercation with a 15-year-old Everton fan. After his red card at City he took to Twitter to try and explain his actions, stating: "The head was never gone at any stage, once I'd been sent off, one of our players suggested I should try to take 1 of theirs with me." His 12-match ban puts his future at QPR in doubt, the team having retained their Premier League status on the final day of the season despite his red card. A Rangers spokesman said: "QPR will be making no comment in regard to the Joey Barton case. An internal investigation will begin in due course."
highlights: QPR midfielder Joey Barton is banned for 12 matches by English Football Association . Barton was sent off on the final day of the Premier League season against Manchester City . The 29-year-old then kneed Sergio Aguero and appeared to headbutt Vincent Kompany . Barton's ban means he won't be able to play for QPR again until November .
id: 249312806a9a20134b09b377b74cc7b1c2351fe7
chatgpt: QPR midfielder Joey Barton has been hit with a 12-game ban from the English Football Association (FA), following his actions on the final day of the Premier League season. The 29-year-old was sent off during the match against Manchester City, after he kneed Sergio Aguero and appeared to headbutt Vincent Kompany. Barton's actions, in what was to be QPR's final game of the season, were shocking and completely unnecessary. The midfielder has had a history of disciplinary problems on and off the pitch, which make his latest outburst all the more disappointing. The FA has made it clear that they will not tolerate such behaviour, handing out a strict punishment to ensure that Barton is held accountable for his actions. The 12-game ban means that he will be unable to play for QPR again until November, which is a significant blow to the team's chances next season. QPR manager Harry Redknapp has publicly stated that he is disappointed with the outcome of the FA's investigation. Redknapp had hoped that Barton would be able to play a key role for QPR next season, but that now looks unlikely. Redknapp also made it clear that the team would need to find a suitable replacement for Barton, as they cannot afford to miss out on vital points during his absence. The club will need to bring in a player who can provide the same level of quality and experience that Barton has. The 12-game ban handed out to Barton is among the longest in Premier League history, but it is not the first time that he has been punished for disciplinary issues. In 2012, he was banned for 12 games after being found guilty of two counts of violent conduct during a match against Manchester City. Barton has also faced numerous issues off the pitch, including a six-month prison sentence for assault in 2008. Despite this, he has been able to continue his football career, but it remains to be seen whether he will be able to do so after this latest incident. Many football fans and pundits have criticized Barton's behaviour, labelling him as a thug and calling for him to be banned from football altogether. However, others have defended him, pointing out that he has a fiery personality and is passionate about the game. Whatever the case may be, Barton's 12-game ban is a clear indication that the FA is taking disciplinary issues seriously. It sends a strong message to all players that such behaviour will not be tolerated, and that they will be held accountable for their actions. QPR will now have to move forward without Barton, as they prepare for the upcoming Premier League season. It is a challenging task, but one that they must face if they are to achieve success in the league. Time will tell if they can find a replacement who can fill Barton's shoes and help lead the team to victory.