article: By . Kieran Corcoran . PUBLISHED: . 13:05 EST, 26 October 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 17:14 EST, 26 October 2013 . An award offering cash prizes for the best works of art that stir up hatred for the United States has been launched in Iran. The competition, named Marg bar Amrika, which translates to 'Down with America' or 'Death to America', has a grand prize of 100million Iranian rial, which equates to £2,500. Held in two parts, the contest invites entries on anti-American subjects including 'Why is the US not reliable', 'The US and oppression' and 'The US and global Zionism'. Award: A contest for the best anti-American work of art has been launched in Iran . Antagonism: This image of 'Uncle Sam' holding a mace features on the awards site as inspiration . The first part, eligible for the £2,500 prize, is for photographs, posters and cartoons, while the second part, with a smaller grand prize of £750, is for documentaries, hymns and blog posts. Hardline conservative illustrators and artists from Iran will judge submissions, including cartoonists Maziyar Bizhani and Mohammad Hosein Niroomand, both of whom have been published in the Keyhan newspaper. The awards are sponsored by conservative news agencies and television stations. A website promoting the awards features the iconic 'Uncle Sam' image with a medieval mace drawn into his hand. The topics encourage entrants to focus on the United States as a centre of imperialism, hypocrisy and prejudice against Islam, and Iran in particular. Judges: Mohammad Hossein Niroomand, Mahmood Abdolhosseini, and Maziar Bijani will choose the winners . 'Marg bar Amrika', the slogan attached to the awards, has been used by Iranian hardliners for decades as a focal point for their opposition to the West. Iran and and US have had a strained relationship for decades, which had looked to improve since the election of moderate politician Hassan Rouhani as president in June this year. The announcement of the award comes as . conservatives in Iran feel ignored by the government, which has recently . re-opened talks in the West over the country's nuclear programme. The country's revolutionary guard, a military organisation which protects the country's Islamic values, is also organising a series of 'down with America' rallies on 4 November. The rallies commemorate an attack on the US Embassy in Iran's capital city Tehran in 1979, when hardline students overran the building. Hatred: Hardline Iranians often chant 'death to America' and burn US flags . They took 52 Americans hostage, and they were held in the country for more than a year amid soaring tensions between the two powers, before their release was eventually negotiated. Brigadier General Seyyed Masoud Jazayeri, deputy chief of the Joint Armed Forces Headquarters, told Iranian agency Fars News: 'The crimes of leaders of America and international Zionism in their confrontation with the Iranian nation will never be erased from the public's memory'.
highlights: Contest invites entries on subjects linking the US to oppression and lying . Will be judged by prominent Iranian artists and illustrators . Contest name references popular slogan with anti-US activists in Iran . Comes as US and Iran re-open talks on the country's nuclear programme .
id: 7670957dffe4f37080cd761d5369bd462f7c60ab
chatgpt: A contest is inviting entries from artists and illustrators to create works that highlight the links between the United States and oppression and lying. The contest, which is being judged by several prominent Iranian artists, is called "Death to America - The Art of Resistance." This name references a popular slogan that has been used by anti-US activists in Iran for decades. The contest comes at a time when the United States and Iran have recently re-opened talks about Iran's nuclear program. The contest organizers hope that the works created for this contest will help to highlight the ways in which the United States has historically oppressed and lied to Iran. The contest is open to artists and illustrators from around the world, but the judges are all based in Iran. The judges include several well-known artists and illustrators who have gained international recognition for their work. Entries to the contest can take many different forms, from digital artworks to paintings, sculptures, and installations. The only requirement is that the work must somehow relate to the theme of the contest - the links between the United States and oppression and lying. The organizers of the contest hope that it will draw attention to the ways in which the United States has historically oppressed and lied to Iran. They believe that the contest will help to raise awareness of the ongoing struggles faced by the Iranian people and encourage people around the world to take action to support them. The contest has been criticized by some in the United States who view it as an attack on their country. However, the organizers argue that the contest is not meant to be anti-American but is instead a call for justice and an end to oppression. The United States and Iran have a complicated history, marked by years of hostility and mistrust. The two countries have clashed over a range of issues, including Iran's nuclear program, its support for militant groups in the region, and the ongoing conflicts in Syria and Yemen. Despite these tensions, the two countries have recently re-opened talks about the Iranian nuclear program. The talks, which are taking place in Vienna, represent an important opportunity for the two sides to find a way forward and to address their shared challenges. The contest organizers hope that their efforts will help to build bridges between the United States and Iran and to encourage greater understanding between the two countries. They believe that art has the power to transcend political boundaries and to bring people together across cultures and nationalities. It remains to be seen what kind of works will be submitted for the "Death to America - The Art of Resistance" contest. However, the organizers are confident that the entries will be powerful and thought-provoking works that highlight the links between the United States and oppression and lying. Whether the contest will accomplish its aims remains to be seen. However, it is clear that the organizers are passionate about their cause and are committed to using art as a means of promoting social and political change. If nothing else, the contest is sure to spark important conversations about the relationship between the United States and Iran and the ongoing struggles faced by the Iranian people.