article: Soon to be launching her own boutique in London, Victoria Beckham has transformed her image over the last decade, going from Spice Girl to WAG - to internationally-renowned designer and fashion icon. And now the 40-year-old has topped a poll naming her the top style icon for the British. The poll has revealed that we Brits prefer home-grown style icons, with Victoria Beckham at the forefront and Emma Watson and Kate Moss nipping at her stiletto heels. Scroll down for video . Victoria Beckham has yet again topped a poll naming her the top style icon for the British . Designer Victoria Beckham acknowledges audience applause after her Spring 2015 collection was modelled during New York Fashion Week . Of the 1000 women aged 18-34 surveyed, nearly a fifth voted for former Spice Girl as their biggest style crush, confirming her transformation from pop star to fashion heavy-weight. Completing the very British top three is former Harry Potter starlet Emma Watson in second place, with iconic model Kate Moss in third. Fashion veteran Kate Moss takes the third spot in the poll, making it another win for the British . She may be young, but actress Emma Watson has already climbed to the number two spot in the world fashion icons . Favourite of Anna Wintour, 'it girl' Olivia Palermo was named the most fashionable American - in fourth place . Kanye's fashion tips are clearly paying off as Kim Kardashian made the number eight spot . 1. Victoria Beckham (18.2%) 2. Emma Watson (13.7) 3. Kate Moss (13.4%) 4. Olivia Palermo (13.2%) 5. Alexa Chung (12%) 6. Cara Delevingne (11.4%) 7. Jessica Alba (10.2%) 8. Kim Kardashian (7.6%) 9. Poppy Delevingne (7.2%) 10. Rita Ora (4.5%) Interestingly, our US counterparts only represent 30 per cent of the new best-dressed list – with Olivia Palermo voted as the most stylish American, in fourth position. Hollywood star Jessica Alba has also secured a position in the top ten thanks to her relaxed, girl-next-door look. Reality queen Kim Kardashian-West completes the US line up in eighth position,beating many of her 'fashionista' compatriots including Chloe Grace Moretz, the Olsen twins, and Jennifer Aniston. Hilary Alexander OBE, Editor-at-Large at HELLO! Fashion Monthly, who commissioned the poll, comments: . 'It's great to see such a high percentage of British women represented within HELLO! Fashion Monthly's new list of the most stylish stars. 'As a nation, we are really dominating the industry at present, with top designers such as Vivienne Westwood, Burberry, Matthew Williamson, Stella McCartney, Victoria Beckham, Alice Temperley, Jenny Packham, Christopher Kane and Mary Katrantzou excelling on the global stage, so it is fantastic that our style ambassadors are also following suit. It is also interesting to note that there is a great range of ages represented within the list – emphasising that style doesn't come with an age limit.'
highlights: British women dominated the list, taking six out of the top 10 spots . After Victoria Beckham, Emma Watson and Kate Moss made up top three . Alexa Chung, Cara Delevingne and sister Poppyother Brits on the list . Most fashionable American was Olivia Palermo .
id: 5d2faf806c9fad17d7611f6157fd81da2d3885c1
chatgpt: In a recent poll conducted by Glamour Magazine, British women have been named as some of the most stylish in the world. Dominating the list with a whopping six out of the top 10 spots were the fashionable ladies from across the pond. Leading the pack was none other than former Spice Girl and fashion mogul Victoria Beckham. Known for her chic and minimalist style, Beckham has been a staple in the fashion industry for years. Not far behind her were Harry Potter star Emma Watson and supermodel Kate Moss, rounding off the top three. Joining the elite group of British fashionistas were style icon Alexa Chung, her model pal Cara Delevingne and her sister Poppy Delevingne. With their unique sense of style, these ladies have cemented themselves as some of the most influential fashion influencers in the world. Although the list was predominantly British, there were a few notable Americans who made the cut. Topping the list for the most fashionable American was Olivia Palermo. The socialite and fashion blogger has been a fixture in the fashion scene since her days on the reality show The City. Overall, the list was a testament to the incredible fashion sense of women from all over the world. From the chic and sophisticated style of the British to the effortless cool of the Americans, these ladies are showing the world how to dress. In an interview with Glamour Magazine, Victoria Beckham revealed her secret to always looking polished and put-together. "I always make sure to choose pieces that flatter my figure and that I feel confident in," she explained. "It's all about finding the right balance between style and comfort." Emma Watson, on the other hand, credits her love of vintage clothing for her unique sense of style. "I love hunting for vintage pieces and incorporating them into my wardrobe," she said. "It's a great way to add some personality to your outfits." Kate Moss, who has been a fashion icon since the 90s, says that she always tries to keep her look simple and understated. "I like to keep my outfits minimal and not too fussy," she revealed. "It's all about letting your natural beauty shine through." As for the other British ladies on the list, they all have their own unique approaches to fashion. Alexa Chung is known for her quirky and playful style, while the Delevingne sisters are beloved for their edgy and experimental outfits. While the list may be subjective, it's clear that these ladies have made a lasting impact on the fashion industry. Whether they're walking the runway, attending red carpet events or just running errands, they always manage to look impeccable. With their incredible sense of style and effortless cool, it's no wonder that these ladies have secured their spots on the list of the most fashionable women in the world. From Victoria Beckham to Olivia Palermo, they are the ultimate fashion icons that we all aspire to be like.