article: (CNN) -- Sea-levels are rising unevenly around the world, with Pacific countries in particular suffering significant increases over the past two decades, according to accurate new satellite data. On average, global sea-levels have been rising at about three millimeters (mm) a year, however, this masks large differences between regions of the world. While some regions have seen sea-level rises of 12 mm a year, others have actually seen decreases of about 12 mm a year. The results are based on radar readings from the European Space Agency (ESA) over an 18-year period from October 1992 to March 2010. ESA used its satellites to send radar pulses to the sea surface below, recording the time delay in its return and creating a precise measurement of their height above the surface. Special report: Sea-level rises . Scientists say sea-level rises are the result of the expansion of water due to rising temperatures, melting of glaciers and the melting of polar ice sheets. The worst hit regions over the past two decades, according to the ESA data, have been the Pacific countries of Indonesia, Papua New Guinea, Philippines and vulnerable Pacific islands like the Solomon Islands. The Philippines for one is already frequently subjected to flooding and landslides caused by heavy rain, with seasonal monsoon rains in August killing at least 11 people. Scientists suggest regions that have seen high sea level rises over the past 20 years will not necessarily continue to see higher than average sea-level rises in the future. "We suspect that the bigger the differences get, the more they will tend to level out in the future," says Robert Meisner, a spokesperson for ESA. However, a recent study of coastal cities still predicted the Philippines' capital Manila would see its vulnerability to flooding double by the end of the century, due to sea-level rises. In some regions of the world, the increasingly accurate sea level data is being used by planners to mitigate against the risk of flooding. See also: Five cities battling flooding, heats and storms . In Venice, where the sea-level data was released, engineers are constructing a new set of tidal barriers to protect the historic city. The city, which attracts millions of tourists every year, is seeing sea-level rises of around 2 mm per year, together with slow, mostly natural, subsidence of about another 2 mm every year. The new $7.9 billion-barrier system will see giant barriers placed on the sea floor around Venice. When the water levels rise, air will be pumped into the barriers raising them up to block the tidal flow and protect the city from flooding. The system is due to be completed in 2014 and is expected to be able to protect the city for the next 20 years.
highlights: Global sea-levels rose by an average of 3 mm a year over the past two decades . Most accurate data yet based on satellite data from European Space Agency . Sea-level rises uneven around the world with Pacific region hit worst . Venice one of many cities upgrading flood protection barriers .
id: bdae8c1235422563db65f6780ba43c6a378bee03
chatgpt: Global sea-levels have risen by an average of three millimeters per year over the last two decades, according to the most accurate data yet from the European Space Agency's satellite measurements. This revelation indicates that the world needs to take swift action to combat the effects of climate change and its impacts on the environment. The United Nations' Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change has predicted that sea-levels could rise by as much as one meter by the end of the century due to global warming and the melting of polar ice caps. The recent data provides a comprehensive look at sea-level rise and its potential impact on coastal cities and communities around the world. While the rise in sea-levels has been consistent globally, it has been unevenly distributed. The Pacific region has been hit the hardest, with some low-lying islands and atolls at risk of being completely submerged. Some cities, such as Venice, have already begun taking action by upgrading their flood protection systems in anticipation of the imminent danger. Despite the threat, there remains a lack of global consensus on how best to address the issue. The United States, one of the world's largest economies and emissions sources, recently exited the Paris Climate Agreement, a global agreement between 195 countries aimed at mitigating the effects of climate change. This move is expected to have a lasting impact on efforts to combat the upward trend of sea-levels. The European Union, on the other hand, has been proactive in its approach to reducing carbon emissions and crafting policies aimed at mitigating the impact of climate change. It has also called for increased investment in renewable energy sources, such as wind and solar power, to further drive down carbon emissions. The rise in sea-levels could have dire consequences for countries and communities that rely on coastal ecosystems and economies. Coastal cities such as New York, Mumbai, and Tokyo are already facing similar challenges related to rising sea-levels, and cities across the globe are expected to follow suit. The impacts of sea-level rise extend beyond just drowning coastal cities. Elevated seawater temperatures caused by climate change are also a significant danger to marine life, coral reefs, and fish stocks, all of which are fundamental to maintaining the planet's ecological balance. Rising sea levels could also cause an increase in the frequency and intensity of storms and hurricanes, leading to increased risk of natural disaster. In conclusion, the recent data from the European Space Agency's satellite measurements serves as a stark reminder of the immense challenge posed by climate change. To combat the impact of sea-level rise, countries need to work together and collaborate on policies to reduce carbon emissions, invest in the development of renewable energy sources, and upgrade infrastructure to lessen the impact of rising sea levels in vulnerable areas. If nothing is done, the consequences will be dire for coastal communities worldwide.