article: PARIS, France (CNN) -- Hundreds of French workers, angry about proposed layoffs at a Caterpillar factory, were holding executives of the company hostage Tuesday, a spokesman for the workers said. Caterpillar's French staff say they are angry about a lack of negotiations over layoffs. It is at least the third time this month that French workers threatened with cutbacks have blockaded managers in their offices to demand negotiations. Executives were released unharmed in both previous situations. The latest incident started Tuesday morning at the office of the construction equipment company in the southeastern city of Grenoble. The workers were angry that Caterpillar had proposed cutting more than 700 jobs and would not negotiate, said Nicolas Benoit, a spokesman for the workers' union. They did not want to harm the Caterpillar executives, Benoit told CNN. One hostage was released Tuesday evening leaving workers with four captives inside the Caterpillar building. The released man was a human resources director identified only as Mr. Petit, because he has heart problems, union representative Bernard Patrick told CNN. Petit had a heart attack a few weeks ago, Patrick said. The four others still being held are Nicolas Polutnik, the head of operations; two other executives; and Petit's personal assistant, he said. About 500 employees were also outside the building protesting. A top Caterpillar executive called the hostage-taking unhelpful. "The actions that are taking place today, led by a small minority of individuals, are not helping as we work for a positive resolution of this situation," said Chris Schena, Caterpillar vice president with responsibility for manufacturing operations in Europe, Africa and the Middle East, in a statement. "The best way to resolve this matter is to continue the negotiations through the Works Council to find a solution that's fair to our employees and allows Caterpillar to remain a leader in a rapidly changing global marketplace," Schena said, adding that the company was "concerned for the safety of our employees." Benoit said all the workers wanted to do was negotiate with Caterpillar and they were upset that the company did not show up to two earlier scheduled negotiating sessions. The employees being held in their office were being allowed to get food, Benoit added. Police arrived at the scene two hours after the incident began but it had not been settled. Employees at a French 3M factory held a manager hostage for more than 24 hours Wednesday and Thursday of last week over a dispute about terms for laid-off staff. Luc Rousselet, who was unharmed, was allowed to leave the plant in Pithiviers, central France, early on Thursday morning after talks between unions and officials from 3M France. Earlier this month, the boss of Sony France was held overnight before workers freed him after he agreed to reopen talks on compensation when the factory closed. France has been hit by nationwide strikes twice in the past two months.
highlights: NEW: Workers release one of five people being held hostage at Caterpillar factory . Workers angry that Caterpillar propose cutting more than 700 jobs . They did not want to harm the executives but get them to negotiate, official says . A senior Caterpillar executive called the hostage-taking "unhelpful"
id: 8511f970541e725ef11102ec0b2e53051c0d0f40
chatgpt: In a dramatic turn of events, workers at a Caterpillar factory in Illinois released one of the five people they were holding hostage on Friday. The workers were reportedly incensed by the company's proposal to cut more than 700 jobs at the plant. According to a spokesperson for the workers, the group had no intention of harming the executives, but rather wanted to use the hostage situation as leverage to negotiate a better deal for themselves and their colleagues. "We understand that this might seem like extreme action, but when you're faced with the prospect of losing your job and your livelihood, sometimes you have to do something drastic to get noticed," the spokesperson said. The workers had been holding the executives since Thursday evening, after a tense standoff with police. Negotiations between the workers and company officials had reportedly broken down earlier in the day, leading to the hostage situation. "We were hoping to get Caterpillar's attention and force them to sit down with us and listen to our concerns," the spokesperson said. "We didn't want to resort to violence or harm anyone, but we felt like we had no other options." Caterpillar released a statement in response to the hostage situation, calling it "unhelpful" and urging the workers to come to the bargaining table to discuss the proposed job cuts. "We understand that these are difficult times for everyone, but there are better ways to express your concerns than through violence and coercion," the statement read. The company's proposal to cut more than 700 jobs has been met with widespread anger and frustration among workers at the Illinois plant, who say that they have already made significant sacrifices in order to keep the factory open. "We've given up a lot over the years – wages, benefits, you name it – all in the name of keeping this factory open and saving jobs," one worker said. "It's just not fair for them to come in here now and start cutting jobs like this." The hostage situation has drawn renewed attention to the plight of American workers in the era of globalization and outsourcing. In recent years, many manufacturing jobs have been shipped overseas to countries with lower labor costs, leaving thousands of workers in the United States without jobs and without hope. "It's a tough situation all around," said a local union representative. "We understand the workers' frustration, but we also understand that Caterpillar is a business that needs to make tough decisions in order to stay competitive in a global economy." As of Friday evening, negotiations were still ongoing between the workers and Caterpillar officials. It remains to be seen whether the two sides will be able to reach a deal that satisfies both their concerns.