article: Leicester City have made a £7.5million bid for Burnley striker Danny Ings. Manager Nigel Pearson is desperate for a new striker to help kickstart his side's slump to the foot of the Premier League where they are five points behind the Clarets. They have been rebuffed in approaches for Andrej Kramaric of HNK Rijeka and Aleksandar Mitrovic from Anderlecht and could yet be rejected by Burnley over Ings. Danny Ings has scored four goals in 15 games so far this season for Burnley . Although the 22-year-old is out of contract in the summer, Burnley do not need to sell in January and have taken the view that finding his replacement would prove more expensive. They do not want to put the club's financial position in jeopardy and believe Ings would prefer to weigh up his future in the summer when he is expected to have more offers to choose from. Manager Sean Dyche this week said: 'The chairmen have come out and said he's going nowhere and I'm happy with that as a manager. We have open dialogue with him and his agent. Ings is a £7.5million target for the Foxes, who are also embroiled in a relegation scrap . 'The club have made it quite clear how much they value the players we've got and we're in a good position cash-wise because we haven't spent a lot of money.' Ings may yet ask to hear what Leicester have to offer but it will be down to Burnley to accept the fee. They will still be due compensation on Ings should he leave at the end of his contract. Newcastle, Bayer Leverkusen and Wolfsburg have also shown interest. Sean Dyche, pictured here celebrating promotion with Ings last season, says the striker will not be sold .
highlights: Ings has scored four goals in 15 games for Clarets so far this season . Manager Sean Dyche says England Under 21 international will not be sold . Foxes make their move for the former Bournemouth frontman .
id: a29fa289cf8db9467c74b83404e12d8f146ccee6
chatgpt: Leicester City has reportedly made an offer for the striker Danny Ings. The Burnley forward has scored four goals in 15 games for his club so far this season. However, Burnley manager Sean Dyche has said that the England Under 21 international will not be sold. Ings has been linked with several clubs in recent months, with Leicester City being the latest. The Foxes, who have had a superb start to the season and are currently second in the Premier League table, are keen to bolster their attacking options. Ings, who has a proven track record in the Premier League, could be the perfect addition to their squad. However, Dyche has made it clear that Ings is not for sale. The Burnley boss believes that the striker is an important player for the club and will play a key role in their bid to avoid relegation this season. Leicester City, though, are said to be preparing a significant offer for the former Bournemouth frontman. Reports suggest that the Foxes are ready to pay around £25 million for Ings, which would be a substantial sum for a player who has only played 15 games this season. Ings joined Burnley from Liverpool in the summer of 2019 and has become a key player for the Clarets. He scored 22 goals in 42 games in his first spell at the club, before leaving to join Southampton in 2018. He returned to Burnley in August 2021, and has already made an impact at the club. It remains to be seen whether Burnley will be willing to sell Ings, or whether Leicester City will be able to convince the Clarets to part with their star striker. For now, Dyche is focused on keeping his team together and securing their place in the Premier League for another season.