article: By . John Drayton . Blackpool's official website is a sorry sight for Tangerine fans, with only eight players on the club's books ahead of the new Championship season. With just 24 days to go until their campaign begins at Nottingham Forest, chairman Karl Oyston and manager Jose Riga are locked in a stand-off over transfer targets. Plight: Blackpool's website highlights the struggles of the Championship side with just eight pro players . Keeping calm: Chairman Karl Oyston says there's no need to panic . Four of the current squad of eight played less than 20 games in the second tier last season, while Segei Zenjov remains Blackpool's one and only signing this term. Blackpool also re-signed Tony McMahon, who made 18 appearances later term, after the defender's contract expired in the summer. Tom Barkhuizen (14 Championship appearances last season), David Perkins (20), Gary MacKenzie (35), Steven Davies (28), Bobby Grant (6), and Charles Dunne (0) are the other players on the books. They were due to fly out to La Manga on Sunday for a nine-day trip but have called it off through a lack of players, and another pre-season friendly against Penrith is also in doubt. Midfielder Angel Martinez was set to be offered a contract in June after his deal ran out, but has taken to Twitter to say he hasn't been offered anything from the club yet. No deal: Angel Martinez took to Twitter to let fans know he hasn't received any offer from the club . Rebuilding job: New boss Jose Riga has been force to scrap a summer tour to Spain . Lonely: Tony McMahon (right) is one of only EIGHT contracted players .
highlights: Blackpool only have eight professional players on their books . The Championship side have had to cancel a pre-season trip to La Manga . Chairman Karl Oyston and manager Jose Riga in a stand-off over targets . Riga has scrapped tour to Spain to focus on player recruitment . Sergei Zenjov is sole summer signing at Bloomfield Road .
id: d09882b2a777f74c6977ebecceae723900fafe09
chatgpt: Blackpool FC, currently in the Championship, have been forced to cancel their pre-season trip to La Manga, Spain. The reason? They only have eight professional players on their books. 
Club chairman, Karl Oyston, and Manager Jose Riga are reportedly in a stand-off over player acquisition targets. Riga has chosen to focus on recruiting new players for this upcoming season, scrapping any team tours or trips. The lack of players has resulted in the team signing only one player so far in the summer off-season. Sergei Zenjov, a 29-year-old Estonian international striker, has been the only addition to the Bloomfield Road club. 
Blackpool is in dire need of new players, as the current squad is far too thin to compete in the second tier of English football. It remains unclear when the club will be able to bring in new talent, as the tension between Riga and Oyston continues.
 
Fans of Blackpool FC are growing increasingly concerned with the state of the club, as many feel that under-investment from the owners has led to this dire situation. Some reports have even indicated that the owners are actively trying to sell the football club.
Blackpool has a long and storied history, including a season in the Premier League in 2010/11. However, their recent struggles may indicate that the club is in danger of slipping into obscurity.
 
As for now, the focus for Blackpool must be on finding new players to bolster their squad. With the season set to kick off soon, the club’s current predicament is a cause for concern for fans and neutrals alike. Only time will tell if the team can overcome this daunting challenge and succeed in the Championship, but for the time being, the future is uncertain for Blackpool FC.