article: ST. PAUL, Minnesota (CNN)  -- After rubbing shoulders with Susan Sarandon, Danny Glover, Charlize Theron and Charles Barkley at the Democratic National Convention in Denver, Colorado, New York Post celebrity gossip columnist Cindy Adams jetted off to "one of the dullest towns in America," according to her latest column, to sniff out politically-inclined celebs in St. Paul. "I wouldn't know [Sarah Palin] from an Alaskan salmon!" columnist Cindy Adams says. What does John McCain running mate Sarah Palin have in common with an Alaskan salmon? And who will win November? Just a few of the five questions we put to the woman famous for knowing famous people over dinner at the CNN Grill. CNN.com: First things first: Celebrity-wise, does the Republican convention compare to Denver? Adams: It doesn't. It can't compare, because Hollywood is very left-wing. And there were so many celebrities in Denver. Everywhere you looked, you fell over somebody who thought they were important. Here, not. CNN.com: Is that a good or bad thing? Adams: It makes for more excitement. It makes for more media attention. J.Lo, you got Spike Lee, you got Ashley Judd. They're all schlepping around thinking they're saving the world, see, thinking they're saving mankind. You don't have that here. CNN.com: What do you hope to accomplish by attending this convention? Adams: I would like to help McCain have a fine election. I would like to wave my flag. I'm a patriotic red, white and blue flag-waving American. If this is our system, then I want it to work. And I just want McCain to have an equal shot just like [Barack] Obama did. CNN.com: What are your thoughts on McCain's running mate, Sarah Palin? Adams: I don't know! I don't know this woman! I mean I wouldn't know her from an Alaskan salmon. None of us knew her. it's going to take six months to figure out what she does other than make mooseburgers! I do not know this lady. I'm sure she's wonderful. I'm not bright enough to have made a vice presidential pick. But it's going to take us six months to know who she is. Right now, I don't like the fact that she mispronounces "I"-raq and "I"-ran. If she would say Iraq and Iran, I would be happier. CNN.com: Any thoughts on who will win in November? Adams: Of course, I'm right here at the Republican Convention, and I'm picking up [on] what they're saying, obviously. I sort of think that when it finally gets down to it, not everybody in Middle America is going to press the lever for Obama. I just don't think he's ready. I sort of think there will be upset. But I'm picking up the vibes from the Republican convention.
highlights: Gossip columnist says too many people "thought they were important" in Denver . "I just want McCain to have an equal shot" like Obama, Adams says . Adams also shares her thoughts on Sarah Palin and the election's outcome .
id: dea4bf4a53b568dea8b3d5009a24d090485be8c9
chatgpt: Denver, CO - In a recent interview with a gossip columnist, local resident Rachel Adams criticized the sense of self-importance she sees in many of Denver's residents. "There are too many people in this city who think they're important," she remarked. "They walk around with their noses in the air, believing they're better than everyone else." Adams, who described herself as a supporter of Senator John McCain, also expressed her belief that McCain wasn't given a fair shot during the 2008 election. "I just want him to have an equal shot," she stated. "Like Obama got." When asked her opinion on Sarah Palin, McCain's running mate during the election, Adams acknowledged that she wasn't a huge fan. "I think putting her on the ticket was a mistake," she said. "There were other, more qualified candidates who would have been a better fit." However, she also defended Palin against some of the more vitriolic attacks she has faced. "I don't think it's fair to say she's unqualified because she's a woman," Adams commented. "It's important to judge people on their merits, not their gender." Finally, Adams shared her thoughts on the outcome of the 2008 election. "Obviously, I'm disappointed," she admitted. "But life goes on. We have to accept the results and move forward." Despite her disappointment, Adams stated that she still had faith in the American political system. "We have a lot of problems in this country," she said. "But no matter what happens, we have to believe that things can get better. We have to keep working towards a better future." Adams' comments have sparked debate online, with some agreeing with her assessment of Denver's residents while others taking issue with her support of McCain. However, regardless of political affiliation, many have praised her for her level-headedness and respect for the system. "It's refreshing to see someone who can disagree without hating," one commenter wrote. "We need more of that in this world." As the country prepares for another election season, many are hoping that exchanges like this will become more common. Adams' willingness to engage in respectful dialogue with those who hold different opinions may serve as an example for others to follow. Regardless of who emerges victorious in future elections, it's clear that we all have a role to play in ensuring the health of our democracy.