article: By . David Kent . Spain striker Diego Costa has been given more time to prove his fitness after Vincente Del Bosque delayed naming his 23 man squad for the World Cup. Coach Vincente Del Bosque was expected to trim his provisional 30-man squad for Brazil down to 23 on Sunday, but has instead opted to name 19 players for Friday’s match. The Real and Atletico Madrid players selected in the provisional group earlier this month are omitted after Saturday’s Champions League final, with Del Bosque now going to wait until the June 2 deadline to finalise his squad. 'Until June 2 we do not need to give the final list to FIFA so why do it ahead of time?' he said at a press conference on Sunday. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Spain manager Del Bosque talk about naming his squad . Risk: Despite suffering a hamstring injury last week Diego Costa (right) started the Champions League final . Waste: However it proved to be in vain as Costa (right) was substituted after just nine minutes . His decision means the likes of Diego Costa - the Atletico striker with a troublesome hamstring - has more time to get fit for the tournament. Meanwhile Gerard Deulofeu has been rewarded for his . impressive loan spell with Everton with a call-up to the Spain squad . for their pre-World Cup friendly with Bolivia. The Barcelona midfielder is the main beneficiary of Del Bosque’s delay, with the La Masia graduate now given the chance to position himself at the head of the queue in case of any unexpected pull-outs. 'We trust him and if someone were to pull out tomorrow he would be top of the list,' Del Bosque added. Bright: Gerard Deulofeu impressed whilst on loan at Everton and added pace and creativity to the team . Sensational: Deulofeu (left) celebrates scoring a wonderful goal to equalise against Arsenal . Uncapped Athletic Bilbao defensive midfielder Ander Iturraspe remains in the group, while Chelsea striker Fernando Torres and Manchester United midfielder Juan Mata have a final chance to earn their places in Brazil. The duo are two of those thought to be primed for the chop but now get an extra chance to persuade Del Bosque otherwise. Del Bosque also added that the list was not final when asked about Manchester City duo Jesus Navas and Alvaro Negredo and Juventus frontman Fernando Llorente. The trio were named in the 30-man squad but have been omitted to face Bolivia. The clash takes place in Seville, with Spain also set for another friendly against El Salvador on June 7 before they start their title defence against Holland six days later. Goalkeepers: Pepe Reina, David De Gea, . Defenders: Gerard Pique, Raul Albiol, Javi Martinez, . Jordi Alba, Cesar Azpilicueta, Alberto Moreno, . Midfielders: Xavi Hernandez, Andres . Iniesta, Sergio Busquets, Santi Cazorla, Ander Iturraspe, Cesc Fabregas, . Fowards: Juan Mata, David Silva, Pedro Rodriguez, Fernando Torres, Gerard . Deulofeu.
highlights: Atletico Madrid striker lasted just nine minutes in Champions League striker . Vicente Del Bosque has given Costa more time to recover . Winger Gerard Deulofeu has been called up for friendly against Bolivia . Barcelona youngster spend last season on loan at Everton .
id: b6ea3f9c7da723c9487ef9cf7d3898a4eca9c7ef
chatgpt: Atletico Madrid fans were left holding their breath as Diego Costa limped off the pitch just nine minutes into their Champions League clash against Club Brugge. The Spanish striker appeared to have aggravated his troublesome hamstring once again, sparking concerns about his availability for the rest of the season. However, Atletico Madrid manager Diego Simeone was quick to calm fears, insisting that Costa's substitution was a precaution and that the striker was expected to recover in time for their upcoming matches. "Diego felt a twinge in his hamstring, but it's not the same injury he suffered earlier this season," Simeone reassured fans in a post-match press conference. "We have a few days before our next game and we are confident that he will be ready to play." The news will be a relief not just for Atletico Madrid but also for the Spanish national team, who have been relying heavily on Costa's form and experience. Spain manager Vicente Del Bosque has given Costa more time to recover, announcing that the striker will not be called up for their upcoming friendly against Bolivia. Instead, Barcelona winger Gerard Deulofeu has been selected to replace him. Deulofeu, who spent the last season on loan at Everton, has impressed in recent La Liga appearances and will be hoping to make his mark on the international stage. "I'm very happy to have been called up for the national team," Deulofeu said in a statement. "It's a great honor and I will do my best to help the team in any way I can." Despite the setback, Costa remains one of the most prolific strikers in the world, scoring 8 goals in 14 appearances for Atletico Madrid this season. His combination of aggression, technique, and physicality makes him a nightmare for defenders, and he will be determined to recover quickly and get back to scoring goals. Meanwhile, Atletico Madrid will be hoping to get back to winning ways after an uncharacteristically slow start to the Champions League campaign. They currently sit third in Group A, behind Borussia Dortmund and Club Brugge. "We need to keep working hard and stay focused," Simeone said. "We know we have the quality to compete at the highest level and we will do everything we can to deliver success for our fans." Atletico Madrid fans will be keeping their fingers crossed that Costa's injury is not serious, as they will need him to be firing on all cylinders if they are to mount a serious challenge for the Champions League title this season.