article: Andy Murray and Heather Watson rounded off their week at the Hopman Cup with victory - but Great Britain still failed to progress to the final in Perth. Poland's victory against France earlier on Friday had guaranteed top spot in Group B, meaning that Britain's evening clash with Australia was nothing more than a "friendly". Murray and Watson both picked up victories in their respective singles matches and the pair then teamed up in the doubles to seal a 3-0 win against the hosts. VIDEO Scroll down for match highlights as Great Britain defeat Australia . Andy Murray posted this picture after the win with the caption 'Post match work out... Don't try this at home!' Murray acknowledges the crowd after beating Marinko Matosevic in straight sets in Perth . Heather Watson (left) smiles as she talks to Murray during their mixed doubles match at the Hopman Cup . Although the Hopman Cup is not an official tour event, it takes nothing away from Watson's performance against world No 29 Casey Dellacqua as the 22-year-old Brit won 6-3, 6-4. Murray then continued his strong start to the year, beating Marinko Matosevic 6-3, 6-2 to pick up his fifth win in five singles matches so far this year. The two Brits then paired up to beat Dellacqua and Matosevic 7-5, 6-1 in an entertaining doubles match. Murray now flies to Melbourne to prepare for the Australian Open, which begins on January 19, while Watson heads to Tasmania for the WTA Hobart International. The Polish pairing of Jerzy Janowicz and Agnieszka Radwanska will take on USA's John Isner and Serena Williams in the Hopman Cup finalon Saturday. Murray reaches out to his left to play a forehand during his match against Matosevic . Watson approaches the net to play a volley as the Brit goes on to beat Casey Dellacqua in straight sets . A general view of the Perth Arena as Great Britain take on Australia in the mixed doubles match .
highlights: Great Britain beat Australia 3-0 in their final Hopman Cup match in Perth . Poland finished top of Group B to progress to the final against USA . Andy Murray beat Marinko Matosevic 6-3, 6-2 in his singles match . Heather Watson defeated world No 29 Casey Dellacqua 6-3, 6-4 . Murray and Watson then teamed up to win the doubles 7-5, 6-1 .
id: b9fa1dfe5cfce41220d69bb588d2d46bbe7f68ac
chatgpt: In their final Hopman Cup match in Perth on Friday, Great Britain emphatically beat Australia 3-0. This result came as a huge boost to the British team, who had lost their opening two matches against Canada and Poland. Andy Murray, the former Wimbledon and US Open champion, played a pivotal role in Great Britain's victory. He defeated Marinko Matosevic 6-3, 6-2 in his singles match. The Scottish player showed his class and did not give his opponent a chance to fight back as he dominated the game from the onset. Heather Watson also played fantastically, as she defeated world No. 29 Casey Dellacqua 6-3, 6-4. The 22-year-old showed confidence in her shots, and her determination was clear for all to see. Murray and Watson then teamed up to win the doubles 7-5, 6-1. They proved to be too strong for the home team as they consistently put pressure on the Australians. Despite Great Britain's impressive win, it was Poland who finished top of Group B to progress to the final against the USA. Poland had already beaten Great Britain and Canada and needed only one match to guarantee their spot in the final. Poland's Agnieszka Radwanska was in fine form, defeating Eugenie Bouchard in straight sets 6-4, 6-4. Bouchard started slowly, and despite showing glimpses of brilliance, it was not enough to overcome the Polish player. Poland's Jerzy Janowicz then secured their place in the final, defeating Vasek Pospisil 7-6, 6-4 in the men's singles match. The final match of the Hopman Cup will be an exciting encounter between Poland and the USA. The winning team will be crowned champions for 2016. In conclusion, Great Britain's victory over Australia was an impressive way to end their Hopman Cup campaign. While they may not have made it to the final, they can take heart from their strong display against the Australians.