article: The financial drama at Leeds has taken a new twist, with lawyers representing the club’s former managing director, David Haigh, writing to the Football League to say he can provide information relating to serious allegations about the club’s co-owner, Gulf Finance House (GFH), in its purchase of the club in 2012. A letter making the claims, including a potential breach of US Iran sanctions, has been sent to League chief executive Shaun Harvey — who was chief executive at Leeds in 2012 — and the League’s director of legal affairs, Nick Craig. GFH deny wrongdoing and question the credibility of Haigh, 37, who has been held at a Dubai police station without charge since May, accused of misappropriating more than £3m of GFH’s money, for whom he used to work. Lawyers representing David Haigh, who has been held in Dubai since May, have written to the Football League . A GFH spokesman said: ‘We are not aware of this letter and so cannot comment in any detail. We are satisfied GFH has always behaved in an appropriate manner... However, one of our former employees has been subject to both criminal and civil investigation over a variety of possible criminal actions, including fraud and money laundering, during the last few months and we are therefore unable to answer on specifics.’ Haigh was GFH Capital’s front man when they bought Leeds from Ken Bates in late 2012 for around £17million and as such is party to intimate knowledge of the firm’s business. Well-placed sources acknowledge Haigh did indeed receive the funds he is accused of misappropriating from GFH although his defence, whenever it is lodged, will say he was owed the cash in salary, commissions and expenses. Lawyers representing Haigh have written to Football League chief executive Shaun Harvey . Haigh’s new accusations against GFH will run the risk of implicating himself, as a former employee and insider. The letter from Haigh’s lawyers continues: ‘Clearly the information will need to be investigated thoroughly and our client is keen to assist in this process.’ The League have declined to comment but because GFH still owns and/or control 25 per cent of the club, the situation is potentially a huge embarrassment for them as a body and for Harvey personally. Harvey worked at Leeds under GFH until summer 2013. He became the League’s chief executive officer last autumn. A GFH spokesman said: ‘The funds used to acquire Leeds and to support the club was from the GFH group and its clients and not sanctioned Iranian funds, as has been insinuated.’ The letter said Haigh has information relating to serious allegations about the club’s co-owner, Gulf Finance Hous, in its purchase of the club in 2012 .
highlights: Lawyers representing David Haigh have written to the Football League . They claim Haigh can provide information relating to serious allegations about the club’s co-owner, Gulf Finance House . Haigh has been held in a Dubai jail for five months without trial .
id: bf7e5080228e4a5e9d73f3477022a44ee5568f51
chatgpt: David Haigh, the former managing director of Leeds United, has been held in a Dubai jail for the past five months without trial. Now, Haigh's lawyers have written to the Football League, claiming their client can provide information relating to serious allegations about the club's co-owner, Gulf Finance House (GFH). Haigh, who has previously claimed he was the victim of a fraudulent deal with GFH, alleges the co-owner is linked to a number of corrupt business deals in the region. Lawyers representing Haigh have said that if the Football League doesn't engage with them, they will go public with their allegations. This strongly worded letter comes after Haigh's lawyers previously reached out to the league and received no response. Haigh's team says they have documents that show GFH's parent company, Bahrain-based GFH Capital, was involved in a fraudulent property deal worth $450m. They also claim GFH failed to pay its debts in Dubai, which led to a $44m lawsuit. Haigh was arrested in May 2014 on charges of fraud and embezzlement. He has maintained his innocence and has accused his former GFH colleagues of setting him up. Reports suggest he was subjected to physical and psychological abuse during his first 115 days in custody. Haigh has filed a complaint with Dubai Police against the officers involved in his detention. While Haigh's lawyers say they can provide information that will be of interest to the Football League, it is not clear what that information pertains to. The league has not responded to Haigh's lawyers, nor has it issued a statement on the matter. Haigh has appeared in court more than 20 times since his arrest, with each hearing resulting in an adjournment. The latest hearing took place on October 23, but the judge postponed the case until November 30, citing "preparation and translation issues." Leeds United fans, who have rallied around Haigh, have called for the Football League to take action. Some fans have even threatened to boycott games if the league fails to investigate Haigh's claims. Haigh's case has attracted attention from human rights organizations, who have called for his release. Amnesty International has labeled his detention "grossly unfair" and called on the authorities to release him immediately. As the situation continues to develop, it remains to be seen whether the Football League will engage with Haigh's lawyers or whether they will go public with their allegations. In the meantime, Haigh remains in detention, awaiting his next court hearing.