article: (CNN)Bono has shared with fans that recovery from an accident has been slow going and that he's worried he may never play guitar again. The U2 frontman underwent hours of multiple surgeries in November after a bicycle accident in New York City  when he tried to avoid another rider in Central Park. The singer broke his arm in six spots, and he fractured his eye socket and shoulder blade. U2's Bono suffered extensive injuries, had hours of surgery . On New Year's Day, he posted a blog entry on the band's website in which he detailed his struggle. "Recovery has been more difficult than I thought," Bono wrote. "As I write this, it is not clear that I will ever play guitar again. The band have reminded me that neither they nor Western civilization are depending on this." In the blog entry, titled "Little Book of a Big Year: Bono's A to Z of 2014" the star reveals that he "blanked out on impact and have no memory of how I ended up in New York Presbyterian with my humerus bone sticking through my leather jacket. Very punk rock as injuries go." The possibility that he may never play again caused Bono to reflect that "I personally would very much miss fingering the frets of my green Irish falcon or my (RED) Gretsch." "Just for the pleasure, aside from writing tunes," he added. "But then does the Edge, or Jimmy Page, or any guitarist you know have a titanium elbow, as I do now? I'm all elbows, I am." Bono says he will be focusing on his continued recovery. "The consequences of this freak accident are significant enough that I will have to concentrate hard to be ready for the U2 tour in fitness terms," he wrote. "As a result I have cancelled every public appearance and decided this missive is all the communication I can manage for the first half of 2015, beyond muttering and singing to myself of course."
highlights: The singer posted a blog entry on U2's site . He was involved in a bicycle crash in November . He said he's working hard to recover before his band's tour .
id: 6adcb9f65456075276890a9573829dd784d6b002
chatgpt: U2 frontman Bono, who was involved in a bicycle crash last year, has announced that he is determined to recover in time for the upcoming tour. The singer took to the band's website to post an entry, updating fans on his recovery, and reassuring them that he is doing everything he can to ensure he will be fit to perform. In the post, Bono stated that the accident, which occurred in November of 2014 in Central Park, NYC, left him with a "massive injury" to his arm. Despite the severity of the accident and injury, Bono stated in the post that he is working with a top physiotherapist to recover and get himself back up to full strength. The injury has been preventing the band from rehearsing in full, as Bono is unable to participate in some of the intensive exercises typically used to prepare for a major tour. However, the singer stated that he is working hard to get back to the level where he can join the rest of the band and start rehearsing. Bono went on further to thank the team of medical professionals who have been helping him in his recovery. He also expressed gratitude towards his family and friends, who have been a great source of support throughout his ordeal. Despite the setback, U2 is determined to push ahead with the tour. The band has already rescheduled their initial dates and is set to embark on a massive international tour in late spring, starting with Vancouver, Canada. Bono's recovery has been a primary concern for the band, and they have stressed that they will not be pushing on with the tour if they believe the singer is not ready to perform. Bono concluded his post by thanking fans for their support during his recovery, stating that it means a lot to him and to the rest of the band. He reiterated his determination to recover fully, stating that he is doing everything in his power to ensure that he will be able to perform to the best of his abilities. Fans around the world have expressed their support for Bono and the rest of U2, wishing the singer a speedy recovery and looking forward to seeing the band perform again soon. The international tour is set to be one of the biggest events in music this year, and fans are eagerly anticipating the return of U2 to the stage.