article: (CNN)  -- Schalke striker Kevin Kuranyi will not be going to the World Cup after Germany coach Joachim Loew publicly ruled out his participation in the finals in South Africa next month. His superb form in the Bundesliga this season, with 18 goals for the title challengers, had led to speculation that the 28-year-old could win a recall to the German squad, which is to be unveiled later this week. "After full consideration in the training team we came to the conclusion that we have other ideas for the make-up of our World Cup team, both tactically and when it comes to personnel," Loew told a press conference on Monday. "I said this quite openly to Kevin." Kuranyi, who has 52 international caps, has not played for Germany since his controversial walkout after being left out of the squad for a World Cup qualifier against Russia in October 2008. Loew vowed never to pick him again, but last month he appeared to soften his stance and said he was mulling over whether to include Kuranyi in his plans. But he insisted that his past indiscretion had nothing to do with his decision to ignore his claims. "The disciplinary event ... didn't matter to me at the end of the day. It would not have been a problem to have given him another chance in the national team. "Kevin ... has the character of a consummate professional, in my view." Germany will announce their full squad on Thursday and Loew has plenty of striking choice with Bayern Munich pair Miroslav Klose and Mario Gomez, Bayer Leverkusen's Stefan Kiessling and Cacau of Stuttgart pressing for inclusion. The squad will be whittled down to 23 after a training camp in Italy. Kuranyi said he accepted Loew's decision and wished the team well. "I gave all I could this season on the pitch, but sadly it wasn't enough," Kuranyi told AFP. "But it is the national coach's decision, and I respect and accept it."
highlights: Kevin Kuranyi ruled out of Germany squad for World Cup finals . Coach Joachim Loew makes his decision public . Kuranyi walked out on Germany before World Cup qualifier in 2008 .
id: 153fdbd4b7035dec24dc47be9bab1d691b864caa
chatgpt: Coach Joachim Loew announced on Thursday that Kevin Kuranyi will not be included in Germany's squad for the upcoming World Cup finals in Russia. Kuranyi, who currently plays for Dinamo Moscow, has not played for the national team since he walked out on them during a World Cup qualifier in 2008. The striker left the team hotel without permission after being left out of the squad for the match against Russia. Kuranyi later apologized for his actions, but was not selected again by the national team. Despite his consistent form for Dinamo Moscow this season, Lowe has decided to overlook the 36-year-old. "Kevin Kuranyi is a great player and has had a good season, but we have decided to look towards the future and build our team with younger players," Lowe stated at a press conference. "We wish Kevin all the best, but he will not be joining us in Russia." With Kuranyi out of the picture, Lowe will have to rely on younger players to lead Germany's attack. Players like Timo Werner, Mario Gomez, and Sandro Wagner are all options for the Germany coach, but it remains to be seen who will be leading the line for the defending champions. Germany will be looking to defend their title in Russia and secure a fifth World Cup trophy. They have been drawn into Group F alongside Mexico, Sweden, and South Korea. The Germans will open their campaign against Mexico on June 17. Despite the absence of Kuranyi, Germany remain one of the favorites to win the tournament. Their squad boasts a wealth of talent, including the likes of Toni Kroos, Mesut Ozil, and Thomas Muller. Lowe will be hoping that the team can put in a good performance in Russia and bring the World Cup title back to Germany.