article: Beijing (CNN) -- Chinese authorities late Thursday dramatically revised upward the death toll of a violent incident they say occurred earlier in the week in Xinjiang, an ethnically divided region in China's far west. According to state-run regional media portal Tianshan, 50 people, including 40 "rioters," were shot dead by police or killed by a series of explosions. "Police forces reacted decisively," said the report. The report didn't specify how many were killed by police. More than 50 civilians were injured during the blasts on Sunday evening, which police called a terrorist attack, according to Tianshan. The bombs hit two police stations, a shop and an open market frequented by ethnic minority Uyghurs. The dead included six civilians, two police officers and two auxiliaries, Tianshan said. The primary suspect behind the bombings was shot dead, police said. On Monday, state media claimed that just two people were killed in the explosions. It is unclear why more details were only released several days later. Local police refused to comment to CNN, saying the information surrounding the incident is "confidential." The provincial government refused to provide more details. The violence occurred just two days before prominent Uyghur professor Ilham Tohti was found guilty of '"separatism" by a Chinese court and sentenced to life in prison. Chinese authorities have stepped up security measures in Xinjiang following several recent attacks in the region, which has been the scene of ethnic strife between the indigenous Uyghurs, a mainly Turkic-speaking Muslim population, and Han Chinese. The Chinese government has blamed recent violent incidents in Xinjiang on Uyghur separatists seeking to establish an independent state. Waves of Han Chinese have flocked to the resource-rich region, fueling tensions with the Uyghurs, who regard themselves as culturally and ethnically closer the people of nations bordering western China, such as Kazakhstan, Mongolia, Pakistan and Afghanistan. Xinjiang is now home to more than eight million Han Chinese, up from 220,000 in 1949, and 10 million Uyghurs. Unemployment among Uyghurs is high, and they complain of discrimination and harsh treatment by security forces.
highlights: Chinese authorities dramatically revise death toll in Xinjiang violence . State media said 50 people were killed, up from two previously. Police said there was a string of terrorist bombings that led to some deaths . The region has seen several attacks due to ethnic strife .
id: cb31f1b5d67795a0616f7e600f658b7e6d15725c
chatgpt: Chinese authorities have dramatically revised the death toll from violence in the Xinjiang region, according to state media reports. Previously, it was believed that only two people had been killed, but state media now reports that the true number is closer to 50. Police have said that this is due to a string of terrorist bombings that have occurred. The region has seen several attacks due to ethnic strife in recent years. The revised death toll comes as a shock to many who were previously unaware of the full extent of the violence. Officials have not yet released any further details about the bombings, but it is believed that they were carried out by separatist groups. The region has been home to a long-running dispute between Uighur Muslim separatists and the Chinese government, and the violence is just the latest episode in this ongoing conflict. Xinjiang is a strategically important area for China, as it is rich in natural resources and provides a key access point to Central Asia. It has seen a surge in violence in recent years, with Uighur separatists carrying out a number of attacks on public targets. The Chinese government has responded with a heavy-handed crackdown on the region, which has been criticized by human rights groups. The revised death toll is likely to increase tensions in the region further, as it highlights the severity of the situation. The Chinese government has repeatedly denied that it is engaging in human rights abuses in Xinjiang, and has instead blamed the violence on outside forces. However, the high death toll is an indication that the situation is more complex than that. Despite the increased violence, many Uighurs continue to resist Chinese rule. They argue that the government's policies have led to discrimination, economic marginalization and a loss of culture. The Chinese government, for its part, has insisted that it is simply trying to maintain stability in the region, and that its policies are necessary to prevent further violence. The situation in Xinjiang remains complex, and this latest violence serves as a reminder of the ongoing struggle between Uighur separatists and the Chinese government. It is unlikely that there will be a simple solution to the issue, and the revised death toll highlights the need for a more nuanced understanding of the situation.