article: Daniel Ricciardo still has designs on this year's Formula One world title, although appreciates his hopes are now 'distant'. Back-to-back victories either side of the summer break, as he took advantage of Mercedes duo Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg tripping over themselves, had propelled Ricciardo into contention. But around the lightning-fast, low-downforce Monza circuit in Italy earlier this month that played to Mercedes' strengths, Ricciardo and Red Bull were found wanting. DRed Bull's aniel Ricciardo (right) still has designs on this year's Formula One world title . An abysmal start did not help, and despite several stunning overtaking moves, Ricciardo finished fifth behind a Mercedes one-two spearheaded by Hamilton. Ahead of Sunday's grand prix under the lights in Singapore, Ricciardo trails Rosberg by 72 points and Hamilton by 50, but whilst there remains an opportunity, he will not be throwing in the towel. 'Ideally if we could head to Abu Dhabi (the final race where double points are on offer) within 50 points and have a chance then I think that will be a huge achievement no matter what happens,' said Ricciardo. 'To even just get to the last race and still be in with a shot would be awesome, which is the aim, but the approach is still race-by-race. 'I'm aware the title is distant, but we've some tracks now that suit us, and I've won some races this year so I know if I get in that position I've got a good chance of doing it again. 'All it takes is a couple of wins and a couple of bad races for the championship leader and all of a sudden everything's possible again, so let's see what happens.' Ricciardo has conceded patience will need to be his main ally this weekend at arguably the most demanding venue of the season. Back-to-back victories either side of the summer break have propelled Ricciardo into contention . 'When you walk around on Thursday the surface always looks pretty dirty,' said the Australian of the Marina Bay Street Circuit. 'Modern street races like this tend to wash and scrub the track, but even that doesn't really change the fact that what you're driving on is a public road with all the grit, grime and dirt that those have. 'It means you're in for a slithery, bumpy weekend - which I love! 'The important thing in Singapore is to not get caught chasing the set-up on a Friday. 'The track is going to evolve, so you've just got to be patient and let it happen without constantly tweaking your car, trying to hit a moving target. 'It's one of those races where you're never completely satisfied with the amount of preparation you do.'
highlights: Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosbery remain the favourites . Mercedes have dominated for large swathes of the season . Back-to-back wins have propelled Ricciardo into contention .
id: 915cbbfc3c20b157e4e468cfe8e286fbd6e87dc8
chatgpt: As the Formula One season is nearing its climax, the championship battle is heating up, with drivers jostling for position ahead of the final few races. Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg, the Mercedes teammates, continue to lead the way and are considered the top favorites for the title.  Mercedes has dominated the season so far, with Hamilton and Rosberg winning 16 out of the 18 races between them. However, the team has faced stiff challenge from Red Bull's Daniel Ricciardo, who has won the last two races in quick succession and is now in a strong position to mount a serious challenge for the championship.  Ricciardo's recent form has certainly caused a few headaches for the Mercedes team, who were expected to coast to a third consecutive Constructors' Championship. Although Hamilton and Rosberg remain the favorites, they can no longer take their success for granted. Red Bull's dominant performance in the last few races has not only boosted Ricciardo's chances but also given a glimmer of hope to his teammate Max Verstappen, who has demonstrated some impressive driving skills in his first full season in F1.  The final few races in the season will be crucial for all drivers, but especially for those who are still in contention for the championship. Hamilton, who has won the last two championships, is chasing a rare hat-trick of titles and will be determined to maintain his lead. Despite Hamilton's strong performance this season, Rosberg is not far behind and is pushing his teammate all the way. The two Mercedes drivers have a fierce rivalry, and their battles on the track have provided some of the highlights of the season. However, with Ricciardo's recent form, the championship race has become a lot more unpredictable. The Australian driver has been in fine form recently, and his back-to-back wins have propelled him into contention for the title.  Although the odds are still stacked against Ricciardo, he has shown that he has the potential to challenge the Mercedes drivers and may yet be able to pull off a surprise victory.  With just a few races remaining, the F1 championship race is poised for a thrilling finale. Hamilton and Rosberg may be the top favorites, but Ricciardo's resurgence has added an element of intrigue to what was expected to be a predictable end to the season.