article: Hong Kong (CNN) -- A week after Samsung was ordered to pay $1 billion to Apple for patent infringements, a Japanese court has backed the South Korean company in another dispute with its U.S. rival. The Tokyo District Court on Friday ruled that Samsung did not infringe Apple's patents for its iPhone and iPad for some of its Galaxy smartphones and the Galaxy tablet. The case focused on technology used in Samsung's Galaxy S, Galaxy S2 and Galaxy Tab 7 devices to synchronize music and video with a computer -- technology Apple says its rival copied. However Judge Tamotsu Shoji disagreed and threw out Apple's 100 million yen ($1.27 million) claim and ordered the California-based tech giant to pay the costs of the lawsuit. It has 30 days to file an appeal. Samsung to fight U.S. court ruling . In a statement released by Samsung after the decision, it said: "We have been strongly appealing that our products do not infringe the patents of Apple U.S. and its completely different technology. "The verdict recognizes the lawfulness of our company. We think it is very appropriate." A ruling against Samsung would have been a severe setback in one of its most lucrative markets. The South Korean company is already facing the prospect of a U.S. ban on Samsung smartphones and computer tablets found to have violated Apple's patents -- described by one Samsung executive as "absolutely the worst scenario for us." This followed last Friday's decision by a U.S. federal jury to order Samsung to pay Apple $1.05 billion for copying the look and feel of the iPhone and iPad design. A nine-person jury spent just two and a half days puzzling out its final verdict, with weeks of notes and memories of testimony, 109 pages of jury instructions, and boxes of evidence including a collection of contested smartphones and tablets as their guide. The lawsuit was the largest yet in the ongoing worldwide patent brawl between the two companies, which itself is just one battle in Apple's war against Google's Android mobile operating system. In another case just days before, a South Korean court found that both parties had infringed on each other's patents -- Samsung was ordered to pay $33,300 for infringing two of the intellectual property rights for Apple's iPhone and iPad, while Apple was found to have infringed Samsung's Wi-Fi technology and ordered to pay $22,000 in damages. CNN's Yoko Wakatsuki and Kevin Voigt contributed to this report.
highlights: Tokyo court rules that Samsung did not infringe Apple's patents for its iPhone and iPad . Case focused on technology used in some Galaxy devices to transfer data to a computer . Samsung was last week ordered to pay $1B for copying look and feel of iPhone, iPad design . The two tech giants are locked in numerous patent disputes across the world .
id: 5dbe3f4e8a6c35c43ab512de5244dda2e21ddf8a
chatgpt: In a major legal victory for Samsung, a Tokyo court has ruled that the tech giant did not infringe on Apple's patents for its iPhone and iPad. The case focused on the technology used in some Galaxy devices to transfer data to a computer. The ruling comes just a week after Samsung was ordered to pay Apple $1 billion for copying the look and feel of iPhone and iPad design. The two tech giants have been locked in numerous patent disputes across the world. It is believed that the Tokyo court's decision will come as a relief to Samsung, which has been embroiled in a number of high-profile patent cases with Apple over the last few years. The company has been hit with several multi-million dollar fines and penalties for allegedly copying Apple's designs and technology. However, Samsung has always maintained that it did not infringe Apple's patents and that the company's claims were exaggerated. In a statement, Samsung said that it was "grateful" for the Tokyo court's decision and that it would continue to defend its intellectual property rights. Apple, meanwhile, has not yet commented on the ruling. However, it is likely that the company will appeal the decision, given its determination to defend its patents and intellectual property. The latest ruling is just one in a series of legal battles between the two tech giants, with patent disputes taking place in countries all over the world. In total, Apple and Samsung are believed to have filed more than 50 lawsuits against each other in various jurisdictions. At the heart of these disputes are issues surrounding the ownership and use of intellectual property, as both companies seek to protect their patents and prevent others from copying their designs and technology. The rulings in these cases could have significant implications for the tech industry as a whole, with companies potentially having to reassess their approach to patent protection and innovation. Despite these ongoing legal battles, Samsung and Apple remain two of the most successful and innovative tech companies in the world, with millions of devoted customers and a constant stream of new products and technologies. It remains to be seen how this latest ruling will impact on their relationship and on the wider tech industry in the months and years to come.