article: (CNN) -- Dozens of whales are dead after they got stuck on a remote beach in New Zealand, authorities said Monday. The 39 long-finned pilot whales became stranded overnight on Farewell Spit, a narrow claw of land that juts out into the sea from the northern tip of New Zealand's South Island. Twelve of the whales had died by the time they were found Monday morning. Conservation officials said they decided to euthanize the remaining 27 because the chances of getting them safely back out to sea were too slim. "They have come very high onto the beach in a big tide," said John Mason, the conservation services manager for the area where the whales were found. "The big tides are now reducing, coming in further out from shore, so it would be difficult to get the large animals into deep enough water to refloat them." He said that he and his staff had "carefully weighed up the likelihood of being able to refloat" the whales, but that they "determined that due to various factors it was unlikely they could be rescued." "Rather than prolong the suffering of the remaining 27 whales, we decided to humanely euthanize them," he said in a statement. Surrounded by oceans rich in marine life, New Zealand has one of the highest stranding rates for sea mammals in the world. An average of about 300 dolphins and whales get stuck on the country's coasts each year, according to Project Jonah, a nonprofit group that aims to rescue and protect marine mammals. Golden Bay, the area where the group of pilot whales got stuck, is known as a stranding hotspot because of its protruding coastline, gently sloping beaches and system of currents. Pilot whales, which live offshore, are among the most vulnerable species to mass strandings in such conditions, according to the Encyclopedia of New Zealand. But the number of whales that died on Farewell Spit this week pales in comparison with some of New Zealand's worst strandings. In 1998, more than 300 pilot whales died after they got stuck in Doughboy Bay on Stewart Island, which sits off the south coast of the South Island. New Zealand's worst ever stranding took place in 1918, the Encyclopedia of New Zealand says, when around 1,000 pilot whales got marooned on Long Beach in the Chatham Islands, which are situated hundreds of kilometers off the country's east coast. Scientists ask public to help find missing whales stranded off Florida coast . CNN's Khushbu Shah contributed to this report.
highlights: The group of whales got stranded overnight on New Zealand's South Island . Twelve had died by the morning and officials decided to euthanize 27 others . "It was unlikely they could be rescued," a local conservation official says . New Zealand has one of the highest stranding rates for marine mammals .
id: 0b4fc0d8af580f682dbfd0c2a2dfa27106b49c21
chatgpt: A group of whales got stranded overnight on New Zealand’s South Island, and sadly, 12 of them died before morning. After assessing the situation, officials decided to euthanize the remaining 27 whales as it was deemed unlikely that they could be rescued. The incident occurred in Golden Bay, near the top of the South Island, where the whales were found on a stretch of sand. Locals, Department of Conservation workers, and Project Jonah volunteers had all attempted to refloat the whales, but their efforts were unsuccessful. According to Andrew Lamason, the Department of Conservation's operations manager, Golden Bay has a history of whale strandings. New Zealand, as a whole, has one of the highest stranding rates for marine mammals, with an average of 300 whales and dolphins becoming stranded each year. Lamason said, "It was a difficult decision, but it was the best decision for the welfare of the remaining whales, as well as being the most humane option.” Euthanasia is a last resort option, and officials take the decision seriously. In some cases, it is decided that the best course of action is to wait for the tide to come back in, and hopefully, the whales will be able to swim out to sea. However, in this case, it was apparent that the whales were unlikely to survive. Project Jonah, a New Zealand-based charity, sent a team of experts to the scene to provide support to the rescuers and stranded whales. The organization is dedicated to the welfare of whales, dolphins, and porpoises in the waters around New Zealand.  In a statement, Project Jonah said, “Our hearts are with the volunteers and DOC staff who have been working tirelessly throughout the night and morning to keep these animals comfortable and on a path to be refloated.” Whale strandings are a natural phenomenon, but have many possible causes, including changes in water temperature, tidal movements, and illness. In some cases, man-made factors such as noise pollution and offshore drilling can contribute to strandings. The Golden Bay stranding serves as a reminder of the need for continued efforts to protect marine mammals and their habitats. It is a difficult and heart-wrenching task to grapple with our impact on the environment and wildlife. Still, with the help of dedicated organizations and awareness-raising efforts, we can all work towards minimizing the harm we cause to the majestic creatures that reside in our oceans.