article: (CNN) -- This isn't your classic Western movie where you'll find a solitary tumbleweed rolling through a desolate landscape. These are neighborhoods around Colorado Springs, where a strange takeover of tumbleweeds started last week. The clusters of twisted foliage are causing a lot of problems, says Mahkya Askew, a resident of Colorado Springs. Askew was driving with his father, who is visiting from the East Coast, when they came across a large pileup of tumbleweeds in his neighborhood. "It looked like a scene from the 'Wizard of Oz,'" he said. Askew, who works for the U.S. military, has been living in the area for 14 years and said he has never seen tumbleweeds like this before. "They usually collect on the side of my yard, but lately they've been piling up on top of each other, and they can get as tall as a six-foot tall fence," he explained. Unusually high winds are blamed for the influx of tumbleweeds into neighborhoods south of Colorado Springs, according to CNN's affiliate KCNC-TV. Askew said they've definitely become a nuisance for him and others in his area. "I don't even know what they are or what they break off from," he said. Tumbleweeds can be any sort of dried up plant that, once matured, breaks off from its roots and tumbles away with the wind. They have collected against people's homes, forming makeshift walls and blocking sidewalks and driveways. Colorado residents are using rakes and even snowplows to clean up these pesky, dried plants, especially because they can pose a fire hazard during dry conditions. Whitney Grant, 27, also a Colorado Springs resident, says tumbleweeds are a familiar sight. But she was surprised to find them barricading people inside their homes and even finding their way inside buildings. She and her daughter found a straggling tumbleweed inside a local Walmart over the weekend, in the electronics aisle. Grant said her daughter, who is 3, knew that tumbleweed didn't belong indoors. "She said, 'Look mommy!' And she looked at me like she wanted me to fix the situation." "My friends who visit are always shocked to see them," she said. "There was someone who left their garage open (on Friday), and it was filled with them," she said. As funny as this may all sound, Askew said that the tumbleweed situation has gotten pretty serious. "It becomes a problem as you are driving; they can scratch your car. They can get stuck under your car, too, and you can hear it dragging underneath you," he said. An active runner, he's found himself in the past few days having to jump over tumbleweeds more than a foot tall. "They can be huge, and they are really prickly," he said. "I'm from the East, so when my family comes to visit me, they get a crack out of this. It's like a Western movie, but it is really bad." Tumbleweeds bury houses .
highlights: Tumbleweeds began invading neighborhoods in Colorado last week . The dried plants are piling up in doorways and driveways, residents say . High winds are being blamed for the large number of tumbleweeds .
id: e721ae3f64a7500498a3e3abeaa4bac1e18cd190
chatgpt: Residents of Colorado are being startled and a little bit annoyed as tumbleweeds begin infiltrating their communities. Last week, the dried plants began piling up in doorways and driveways, creating an obstacle course for people trying to get in and out of their homes. Many are blaming the high winds that have been sweeping through the Colorado plains. These winds have traditionally been more common in the spring and fall, but they have been increasingly erratic in recent years. As a result, it is unclear whether residents will have to deal with this invasion on a more regular basis. Some homeowners are finding the tumbleweeds a nuisance, piling up so high that they obscure their views or make it challenging to get in and out of their garages. For others, the plants are merely a curiosity, adding to the frontier flair of the state's rural communities. Regardless of how residents feel about the tumbleweeds, they are causing problems for many. Not only is it difficult to navigate through them in the wind, but there is also a danger of them igniting if they come into contact with power lines. In fact, some residents have reported that tumbleweeds are being blown right into their homes, and they have had to take measures to avoid starting a fire. The spread of the tumbleweeds themselves is also a matter of concern for some. They travel easily on the wind, and once established can grow up to 10 feet tall. They clog irrigation systems and damage crops, meaning that farmers in the area are having to deal with a double blow. However, not everyone is taking the invasion of tumbleweeds too seriously. Social media platforms are abuzz with jokes and memes about the situation. One person even suggested the idea of a tumbleweed festival, where locals could come together to celebrate the arrival of the plant. As for how to deal with the invasion, the advice from authorities is to try to catch and dispose of the tumbleweeds before they take root. Clearing them off sidewalks and driveways regularly can also help to curb their spread. Unfortunately, there is not much that can be done when the winds pick up, and the tumbleweeds move through and accumulate once again. Overall, the invasion of tumbleweeds in Colorado is a developing story that residents and authorities alike will be keeping an eye on. While some may find them an annoyance or even a danger, others are taking them with a grain of salt and finding humor in the situation. Whether this is a one-off event or the start of something more frequent remains to be seen, but Colorado's residents will be ready either way.