article: (CNN) -- Luke Donald's hopes of defending his Madrid Masters title were dented in Saturday's third round as the world No. 1 bogeyed three of his last five holes. The Race To Dubai leader was left six shots behind world No. 328 Lee Slattery, who held a two-stroke lead as he seeks his first European Tour title. Donald, hoping to become the first golfer to top both the European and U.S. PGA Tour money lists in the same season, made a solid start in Spain with four birdies in his first 11 holes, including one from the bunker at the fifth. But he closed with a bogey to sign for two-under 70 to be tied for 10th on 208. Slattery, 136th in the money list, showed his fellow Englishman the way as he doubled his halfway lead with a flawless 69 that boosted his hopes of retaining his tour card. "It's all about not thinking about the big picture," the 33-year-old told the European Tour website. "It's very hard to do -- if you say don't think about a pink elephant you automatically think of that, but there are techniques you can use to switch off." Australia's Brett Rumford is in the hunt for a fourth European Tour title after a 68 left him tied for second with Italy's Lorenzo Gagli, who shot 69. Gagli's compatriot and Ryder Cup winner Francesco Molinari dropped to a tie for fourth after a three-bogey 71 left him on 205 with Sweden's Oscar Floren and Argentina's Cesar Monasterio, who both signed for 67s. Donald's main rival in the European money race is U.S. Open champion Rory McIlroy, who is playing at the Korea Open this week. The Northern Irishman started the third round in a five-way tie for the lead but fell 10 shots off the pace after a 73 on Saturday. American Rickie Fowler led by four shots from fellow PGA Tour star Y.E. Yang after equaling the course record at Woo Jeong Hills Country Club in Cheonan with an eight-under 63. Yang, who won his home tournament in 2006, shot 67 to be two clear of third-placed compatriot Meen-Whee Kim (66).
highlights: World No. 1 Luke Donald six shots off the pace at the Madrid Masters . Defending champion tied for 10th place going into Sunday's final round . Fellow Englishman Lee Slattery leads by two strokes seeking first title . Rory McIlroy falls behind in Korea as Rickie Fowler equals course record .
id: 5b38591cce9ed07db98df1588ffd8828fb459090
chatgpt: English golfer Luke Donald, who is the current world number one, finds himself six shots behind the leader going into the final round of the Madrid Masters tournament. Despite being the defending champion, he is currently tied for 10th place in the tournament. Fellow English golfer Lee Slattery, who is seeking his first title, is currently leading by two strokes going into Sunday's final round.  Donald will need a strong final round if he hopes to catch up with Slattery and claim the title for the second year in a row. He has been performing reasonably well throughout the tournament, but will need to up his game if he hopes to close the gap between himself and the leader.  Meanwhile, over in Korea, Rory McIlroy has fallen behind after American golfer Rickie Fowler equalled the course record. McIlroy had been leading the tournament going into the third round, but struggled to find his form on the day. Fowler, on the other hand, had a stunning round, carding nine birdies and an eagle to match the course record. He now leads the tournament by four strokes going into the final round.  It will be an uphill battle for McIlroy if he hopes to catch up to Fowler and claim the title. He will need to put in a flawless performance in the final round, while hoping that Fowler falters in some way. It will certainly make for an exciting final day of golf in Korea.  Back in Madrid, all eyes will be on Slattery, as the Englishman looks to claim his first title. He has been playing well throughout the tournament, and will no doubt be feeling confident heading into the final round. However, he will be aware that the likes of Donald and several other strong competitors are hot on his trail, and he will need to remain focused if he hopes to see off the challenge and claim the victory.  The final day of both the Madrid Masters and the tournament in Korea will certainly be exciting for golf fans around the world, as they eagerly await to see who will come out on top in these tightly contested events. Will it be Lee Slattery, holding off the challenge of Luke Donald and others? Or will Rickie Fowler continue his impressive form and claim victory in Korea? The answers will be revealed in due course, as the final rounds get underway.