article: (CNN) -- The bodies of seven of eight snowmobilers missing after Sunday's avalanches in southeastern British Columbia have been found, the Royal Canadian Mounted Police said Monday. Authorities found seven bodies a day after avalanches in British Columbia, Canada. One man still was missing, but rescue personnel suspended their search near Fernie, British Columbia, at mid-afternoon Monday because of heavy snowfall and dense low clouds, the RCMP said. The search will resume Tuesday morning, authorities said. All eight men -- and three others who escaped -- faced two avalanches Sunday afternoon about 20 kilometers (12.4 miles) east of Fernie, a town in the Canadian Rockies about 300 kilometers (186 miles) southwest of Calgary, Alberta. The three survivors suffered minor injuries, and one of them was hospitalized overnight. The men had been in an area called Harvey Pass, which police called a popular backcountry snowmobile destination. Officials said an avalanche buried part of the group, and a second buried the rest as they tried to assist. "Two of the buried riders managed to self-rescue within about 20 minutes. These two used their avalanche beacons to locate a third buried victim who they rescued after an additional 20 minutes of digging," police said. iReport.com: Wyoming avalanche training covers pulling people out of snow . A search command post was set up Sunday, but darkness and avalanche hazards prompted authorities to postpone the search until Monday. On Monday morning, before the bodies were found, authorities said searchers and police dogs were being dispatched to the rugged, snowy area, and crews would dig into any sites where searchers thought they might find any of the missing men. The snowmobilers resided in Sparwood, a small town just north of Fernie. Sparwood's mayor, David Wilks, said Monday morning that "it certainly doesn't look good" for the missing. "Reality tells us if you're stuck in the snow for about 24 hours, bad things can happen," he said. The region has had previous coal mine disasters, "but in recent memory, this is the largest single tragic event to hit this community," Wilks said. iReport.com: Are you there? Share photos, video . He said the snowmobilers are men in their mid- to late 20s and described them as upstanding citizens, most of them working in coal mines or as businessmen. "All were well aware of the dangers involved in snowmobiling. All are very cautious with what was going on," Wilks said. The mayor said temperatures had been as low as minus-30 degrees Fahrenheit in recent weeks, but the air had warmed up in the last two or three days to 25 degrees Fahrenheit. CNN's Nick Valencia contributed to this report.
highlights: NEW: Seven found dead a day after Canadian avalanches . NEW: Search for eighth missing snowmobiler to resume Tuesday . Group had been snowmobiling in southeastern British Columbia, Canada . Two of 11 buried riders managed to rescue themselves, find third victim .
id: 3893375178d60098729232ff6e6a7102eaff5742
chatgpt: Seven snowmobilers have been found dead a day after a series of avalanches hit southeastern British Columbia, Canada. A search for an eighth missing snowmobiler will resume on Tuesday. The group had been snowmobiling in an area near the small community of McBride when the avalanches struck on Monday. Two of the 11 buried riders were able to rescue themselves and find a third victim. The remaining eight were not located until Tuesday, after an extensive search by rescue teams. The search for the missing snowmobiler was initially suspended on Monday evening due to poor visibility caused by snow and harsh weather conditions. However, it resumed early Tuesday morning as the weather cleared up. According to the Royal Canadian Mounted Police, the group was traveling on backcountry terrain in the Rocky Mountains when the avalanches hit. The riders were not believed to be accompanied by a guide at the time. "The thoughts of the entire community are with the families and friends of those affected by this very tragic incident," said British Columbia Premier John Horgan in a statement. "We want them to know that they are not alone, and that we are doing everything we can to support them during this difficult time." The identities of the deceased have not yet been released by authorities. However, the RCMP has said that all of the individuals involved in the incident were from British Columbia. Avalanches are a common occurrence in the terrain of the Rocky Mountains, particularly during the winter months. According to the Canadian Avalanche Centre, an average of 14 people are killed each year in avalanche-related incidents in Canada. While backcountry terrain can be enticing for outdoor enthusiasts, it can also present a number of risks. It is important for those venturing into the backcountry to be properly prepared and to check avalanche conditions before heading out. In response to the incident, the RCMP has issued a warning to those who plan to snowmobile in the backcountry. "We urge people to check conditions before heading out, let others know your plans and ensure you have proper safety equipment," said Cpl. Madonna Saunderson in a statement. The search for the missing snowmobiler is set to continue on Tuesday, with further updates expected from authorities as the situation develops.