article: Lagos, Nigeria (CNN) -- Nigerian unions resumed talks with the government Saturday following days of national protests over corruption and soaring fuel prices in Africa's largest oil producer. The two sides met ahead of a promised labor shutdown of the Nigerian oil industry. In solidarity with protesters, the oil union has threatened to stop production if the government does not reinstate subsidies that will return the cost of fuel to previous levels. A decision to halt production would affect global oil prices; Nigeria is the world's eighth-largest exporter. Throngs of protesters have rallied to demand government accountability and a return of fuel subsidies ended on January 1, a move that doubled gas prices and sent the cost of other goods skyrocketing. "This is not the first time the subsidy has been removed in Nigeria. For two decades, every single government has done this," said Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala, the nation's finance minister. "There is a very short memory. It has always resulted in resistance and a strike and so on." A deal had not been reached to avert the shutdown as talks stretched into early Sunday. While negotiations remained ongoing, one union leader said oil workers will resume their strike Monday. Earlier, labor unions urged protesters to take a break from their five-day strike Saturday and Sunday to stock up on food and water supplies. Stores and supermarkets shut down as part of the national strike were set to reopen over the weekend to allow protesters to get supplies, said Folorunso Oginni, chairman of the nation's oil union, the Petroleum and Natural Gas Senior Staff Association of Nigeria. Despite the strike suspension, the deadline to shut down oil production is still in effect unless the government and labor unions reach an agreement, he said. The protests -- dubbed "Occupy Nigeria" -- have galvanized the continent's most populous nation. Nigerians accuse their leaders of corruption and misusing oil revenues in a country where most citizens battle grinding poverty. The government has said the removal will free funds to improve the country's infrastructure. But there is a widespread lack of trust in the government to provide the infrastructure -- Nigeria is regularly ranked among the most corrupt countries in the world. "It is to now to try to move this forward regain the people's trust. They cannot say because of mistakes in the past the country should not move forward," the finance minister said Friday. In addition to the protests, the government faces another crisis -- religious attacks that have heightened fears of sectarian violence in parts of the country. CNN's Vladimir Duthiers, Kim Chakanetsa and Nima Elbagir contributed to this report.
highlights: NEW: Oil workers will resume their strike on Monday, union leader says . Meeting comes ahead of a planned shutdown of the Nigerian oil industry . An oil industry union gave the government an ultimatum to restore fuel subsidies . A decision to halt production would affect global oil prices .
id: dca70c72c6434e3811224792833f676b25b27a73
chatgpt: Oil workers in Nigeria have vowed to resume their strike on Monday, even as the government scrambles to avert a shutdown of the country’s oil industry. The announcement comes after the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) had held talks with the country’s oil and gas labour union to try and avert a major crisis. The decision to halt production would have far-reaching effects on global oil prices and severely impact Nigeria’s economy, which is already reeling from the pandemic. Unfortunately, the union gave the government an ultimatum to restore fuel subsidies which they claim was removed in 2016, and which has led to high fuel prices and widespread poverty. According to the union leader, the workers’ demands include the restoration of fuel subsidies as well as the payment of overdue salaries and pension payments. "We cannot continue with this slave wage," he said. The planned shutdown has been looming for some time now, and could see Nigeria losing as much as 1.5 million barrels of crude oil output per day. The NNPC has already taken a hit due to the pandemic, which saw global oil prices plummet, leading to reduced revenue for the state. Nigeria’s oil industry has been plagued by mismanagement, corruption, and oil theft for decades, which has severely impacted the economy. Despite being a major oil-producing nation, ordinary Nigerians have little to show for it, and fuel scarcity and high prices have become a regular feature of life. The country has been grappling with a number of economic challenges, including a weak currency and inflationary pressures, which have made life difficult for Nigerians. The government has been struggling to come up with a coherent policy response to these challenges, and the threat of a major oil shutdown could further undermine its efforts. The latest development will be closely watched by the international community, especially OPEC and its allies. Global oil prices have already been volatile due to geopolitical tensions, and the threat of further disruption could lead to a spike in prices. As Nigeria’s government and the union continue their talks, the fate of the country’s oil industry remains uncertain. The stakes are high not just for Nigeria, but for the global economy as well. As the world continues to grapple with the pandemic and its economic fallout, a major oil disruption could push things from bad to worse.