article: Real Madrid put one foot into the Champions League quarter-finals on Wednesday night after a comfortable 2-0 against Schalke in Gelsenkirchen. While cruising through the last 16 first leg, Cristiano Ronaldo and Co also managed to continue racking up the records in what looks set to be another memorable season for Los Blancos. Here, Sportsmail takes you through Madrid's latest facts and figures that show just why Carlo Ancelotti's side are the team to beat. The Real Madrid players celebrate their 2-0 Champions League victory against Schalke . 76 - Ronaldo is now level with Lionel Messi and Raul with 76 goals in all European competitions. 72 - The Portugal captain is now responsible for more than a quarter (72 of 274) of Champions League goals scored by Portuguese players. 58 - Ronaldo's opening goal in Germany on Wednesday was the Portuguese star's 58th Champions League goal in as many games for the La Liga leaders. Cristiano Ronaldo has now scored 58 Champions League goals in 58 games for Real Madrid . Ronaldo's first half header sent Madrid on their way to a 10th successive Champions League victory . 29 - The 30-year-old tops the list for goals and assists over the last two season of European competition. Ronaldo leads the way by some distance with a combined total of 29. Barcelona star Messi is in second with 18. 28 - The away victory also takes Ronaldo to a record 28 Champions League knockout victories. In doing so he surpassed Edwin van der Sar and Victor Valdes. 12 - The floated header was also Ronaldo's 12th consecutive away goal in Europe's elite competition. The 2-0 victory was also saw Ronaldo grab his 12th consecutive away goal in Europe . 10 - The 2-0 win against Roberto di Matteo's Schalke side gave Madrid a 10th successive Champions League victory. 6 - Former Manchester United man Ronaldo is only the sixth player with 10 or more headed goals in the Champions League. He joins Fernando Morientes, Raul, Filippo Inzaghi, Jardel and Andriy Shevchenko on the list. Carlo Ancelotti (right) celebrates with his Madrid players during the Champions League clash . Ronaldo leaps into his trademark celebration following his opening goal in Gelsenkirchen .
highlights: Real Madrid enjoy comfortable 2-0 Champions League win against Schalke . Cristiano Ronaldo scores his 58th goal in 58 Champions League games for Madrid . First half header was also Ronaldo's 12th consecutive away goal in Europe . Ronaldo now has more Champions League knockout victories (28) than Edwin van der Sar and Victor Valdes .
id: 9f886b6c21addae923bcc05c3b6366c27068c4e1
chatgpt: Real Madrid secured a comfortable 2-0 victory over Schalke in the UEFA Champions League on Tuesday. The Spanish giants were in control of the game from the start and it was no surprise that they found the back of the net before the break. The star of the show was none other than Cristiano Ronaldo, who scored his 58th goal in 58 Champions League games for Madrid. Ronaldo's first-half header was also his 12th consecutive away goal in Europe, cementing his position as one of the greatest footballers of all time. The Portuguese forward has now surpassed the number of Champions League knockout victories held by legendary goalkeepers Edwin van der Sar and Victor Valdes, with a remarkable 28 victories under his belt. Real Madrid showcased their attacking prowess, dominating possession throughout the game and forcing Schalke to sit deep in their own half. The visitors created several chances in the first half, with Ronaldo hitting the woodwork and Karim Benzema coming close to scoring. However, it was Ronaldo who broke the deadlock in the 26th minute, nodding home a perfectly placed cross from Dani Carvajal. The goal was a testament to Ronaldo's skill in the air, as he eluded his marker with a well-timed jump and powered his header beyond the reach of Schalke goalkeeper Ralf Fahrmann. Real Madrid continued to push forward after the break, with Ronaldo and Benzema leading the charge. The Spanish giants sealed the victory in the 79th minute, as Marcelo lashed home a low drive into the bottom corner. The win puts Real Madrid in a strong position to progress to the quarter-finals of the Champions League, continuing their quest for their 14th title. However, manager Zinedine Zidane will be well aware that there is still work to be done, with sterner tests to come as the competition progresses. As for Ronaldo, his records continue to tumble as he cements his place as one of the greatest Champions League performers of all time. His goal-scoring prowess and ability to perform on the big stage make him a key player for Real Madrid as they continue their pursuit of European glory.