article: (CNN) -- A 54-year-old Michigan tree trimmer -- beaten nearly to death after going to the aid of a child he accidentally struck with his vehicle -- is home after spending more than six weeks in a hospital and rehabilitation center. The "Help Steven Utash" Facebook page posted the news Saturday night. Cheryl Angelelli, a spokeswoman for DMC Rehabilitation Institute of Michigan, confirmed Utash was discharged on Thursday. Steven Utash was set upon by about a dozen people April 4 after his truck struck a 10-year-old boy, police said. After Utash stopped his vehicle to help the boy, he was "severely beaten" with "fists and feet," Wayne County Prosecutor Kym Worthy said in a statement. Jennifer Moreno, a police spokeswoman, told CNN that all of the alleged assailants were African-American and that none are known to be related to the boy or his family. She said the beating was "a spontaneous response." The prosecutor's office said the boy who was struck by Utash's truck was taken to a local hospital, where he was treated for a leg injury and released. Five suspects ranging in age from 16 to 30 have been charged so far for their roles in the attack. The four adult suspects are charged with attempted murder while the fifth, a juvenile, is charged with assault and ethnic intimidation. Michigan's penal code says a person is guilty of ethnic intimidation "if that person maliciously, and with specific intent to intimidate or harass another person because of that person's race, color, religion, gender, or national origin, causes physical contact with another person (or) damages, destroys, or defaces any real or personal property of another person." It can carry a prison sentence of up to two years. Worthy spokeswoman Maria Miller said the adults are scheduled to go to trial in August and the juvenile in June. She said that there was not sufficient evidence to charge the other suspects with ethnic intimidation, but that the case remains open and the investigation ongoing. A Change.org petition demanding that Moreno charge Utash's assailants with a hate crime had 124 signatures Sunday morning. Daughter Felicia Utash told CNN affiliate WXYZ that she doesn't want to believe the assault on her father was a hate crime, but she is pleased that suspects have been apprehended. Utash's other daughter, Mandi Marie Utash, set up a GoFundMe.com page for her father -- who she says does not have health insurance -- with the goal of raising $50,000. By Sunday morning, more than 4500 donors had contributed $186,298. Fifth suspect charged in beating of Detroit driver . 'Race is being looked at' as a possible motive in attack . CNN's Stephanie Gallman and Haimy Assefa contributed to this report.
highlights: Steven Utash, 54, has been discharged from a Detroit rehabilitation center . Utash was attacked after he accidentally hit a boy with his truck on April 4 . Utash spent more than six weeks in a hospital and then rehab center . Four adults are charged with attempted murder, juvenile with ethnic intimidation .
id: ff8f416b3ddb258ff08b4a4c3d7f4b72bdba4e69
chatgpt: Steven Utash, a 54-year-old man who was brutally attacked after accidentally hitting a boy with his truck in Detroit, has been discharged from a rehabilitation center after spending more than six weeks under medical care. Utash was attacked on April 4, 2021, by a group of people who surrounded him while he was trying to check on the boy he had hit. The incident shocked residents of the city, and many rallied around Utash and his family, providing support and raising funds to help with his medical expenses. Utash suffered severe head injuries and was initially hospitalized for several weeks before being transferred to a rehab center. The attack was the result of a misunderstanding, but it quickly escalated into a violent outburst, with several people assaulting Utash, who was left unconscious on the ground. Four adults have been charged with attempted murder in connection to the attack, while a juvenile has been charged with ethnic intimidation. The incident has raised concerns about the safety of drivers in the city, as well as the need for better communication and understanding between different communities. Many have expressed outrage over the attack and have called for justice for Utash. In a statement released after his discharge, Utash thanked the medical staff who had taken care of him and expressed his appreciation for the outpouring of support he had received. He also called for peace and understanding between different communities in the city. "I am grateful to be alive and to have received such great care from the medical staff who have looked after me," Utash said. "I want to thank everyone who has supported me and my family during this difficult time. I also want to call for peace and understanding between different communities in our city, so that no one else has to go through what I have." The incident has sparked a broader discussion about the need for better communication and understanding between different communities, as well as the need for stronger legal protections for drivers who find themselves in unexpected situations on the road. Many are calling for tougher penalties for those who engage in violent behavior, and for greater investment in community policing and education. While Utash's recovery is ongoing, his story has become an inspiration to many in the city, who have been moved by his courage and resilience in the face of such a traumatic event. As he continues on his road to recovery, Utash's story will undoubtedly continue to generate discussion and debate, as well as a renewed commitment to building a more just and equitable society in Detroit and beyond.