article: By . Scarlett Russell . Three to five years into a marriage is the most common time for the man or woman to have an affair, a new survey has claimed. According to research by AshleyMadison.com, the most commonly-used extra-marital dating website in the world, the ‘seven-year itch’ is a thing of the past. Not only does infidelity start much sooner than this, the site also concluded that a couple’s first pregnancy is likely to prompt an affair. We won't tell: AshleyMadison.com is the biggest extra-marital dating website in the world, with over 25million users from 35 countries, including the U.S. Interestingly, the research showed that it is equally both men and women who are likely to cheat at this time. AshleyMadison has 25 million members in 35 countries around the world. Expert quote: Noel Biderman, founder and CEO of extra-marital dating website AshleyMadison, pictured here, says the most common time for the site's members to cheat is after three to five years of marriage . It's founder, Noel Biderman, says the . time when a couple first have a child is so difficult, it can prompt one . of the spouses to cheat. ‘Sexual desires and attractiveness may decrease during and after the birth of a first child and trigger affairs,’ he says. ‘Often women no longer feel attractive, or are physically impaired by their pregnancy, whilst men can find sex in close proximity to their child problematic. ‘Therefore people find themselves searching for someone outside the marriage to help them meet needs that aren’t being met at home.' The average age of AshleyMadison members is 30-40, with an equal amount of men and women seeking affairs. AshleyMadison also recently surveyed 74, 6000 of its members from 26 countries - 33,500 from the U.S. - asking about how often they have sex with their spouses. U.S. women topped the list when it came to sexless marriages, with 22 per cent of American women questioned, admitting to having no sex with their husbands at all.
highlights: AshleyMadison.com also concluded that a couple’s first pregnancy is likely to prompt an affair .
id: 7ae91c667eef88eac2f0b9578ec9377fc26f98a2
chatgpt: AshleyMadison.com, a dating website designed for individuals seeking extramarital affairs, has been in the news for the past few years because of several data breaches. However, the website has recently come up with a new survey that states that a couple’s first pregnancy is likely to prompt an affair. The survey conducted by the website reveals that 57% of women and 49% of men sign up on the website during their partner’s pregnancy. Interestingly, 31% of women sign up on the website during the first pregnancy, with 9% signing up before conception. The survey also reveals that men are more likely to have an affair during their partner’s pregnancy, with 92.9% of men signing up in the first trimester, compared to just 7.1% signing up during the second and third trimester. When asked about the reasons for infidelity, most women stated they cheated because their partner was not paying enough attention to them during the pregnancy. Some women also said they cheated to deal with the stress of an unplanned pregnancy. Men, on the other hand, said they cheated because of a lack of intimacy and sex with their partners. Experts say the reasons behind the affair might have a psychological basis. A psychologist, Dr. Shari Foos, suggests that a woman’s worry could trigger feelings of inadequacy within a man. In such situations, men might seek affection outside their relationship. Hence, men might turn to AshleyMadison.com as a way to cope with emotional distress. According to Dr. Foos, women are more likely to cheat during pregnancy because the psychological stress of pregnancy might affect a woman’s self-esteem. As a result, women might feel more compelled to look for validation outside their relationship. The study of AshleyMadison.com throws light on how pregnancy can put a strain on a relationship as emotions run high, and couples adjust to their new roles as parents. In such situations, couples need to communicate effectively and nurture their relationship. In conclusion, AshleyMadison.com’s survey highlights an alarming trend of infidelity during pregnancy. It is crucial for couples to address the root causes of infidelity and work together in strengthening their relationship.