article: LONDON, England (CNN) -- Blake Mycoskie was traveling in South America when he saw, for the first time, hundreds of children without shoes. TOMS founder and entrepreneur Blake Mycoskie says he wanted to make money and do good at the same time. "I had never met anyone who didn't have shoes," the veteran entrepreneur told CNN. That visit to a village in Argentina inspired the creation of a socially responsible footwear company that blends philanthropy and business. Mycoskie called the company TOMS: Shoes For Tomorrow -- a name that reflects his desire to provide shoes for disadvantaged children in a sustainable way. Mycoskie, now 32, said he realized he could make money and do good at the same time with TOMS. The company's mission is uncomplicated: It gives a free pair of shoes to a child in need every time it sells a pair. Santa Monica, Calif.-based TOMS gave away 10,000 pairs of shoes in the first six months after its launch in 2006. This year the company is on track to donate 200,000 pairs. The stylish slip-ons, which Vogue magazine declared "cool shoes for a cool cause," have become a must-have item among fashion elite and received the People's Design Award from the Smithsonian's Cooper-Hewitt Museum last year. By the time he launched TOMS, Mycoskie already had four start-ups under his belt. But he didn't always have his sights set on the business world. Growing up, his aim was to play professional tennis. He trained hard and earned a scholarship to Southern Methodist University, where he studied philosophy and finance. But an injury sidelined him his sophomore year. That's when he got the idea for his first venture, a college laundry service. Within one year, the business, Easy Laundry, had 40 employees, had expanded to three schools and was generating nearly $1 million in sales. That's when Mycoskie realized he was born to be an entrepreneur and dropped out of school. "I realized I loved doing this. I realized I loved the idea of creating something out of scratch and seeing it work and seeing the benefits of that," he said. Mycoskie eventually sold the company and began other ventures, including an outdoor advertising company and a 24-hours-a-day, 7-days-a-week reality TV channel, which he launched after appearing on the second season of "The Amazing Race" with his sister. They finished the competition in third place (missing out on the million-dollar prize by just four minutes), but the experience exposed Mycoskie to the astounding amount of poverty in the world -- a problem that TOMS is tackling today, one pair of shoes at a time.
highlights: Entrepreneur Blake Mycoskie is blending philanthropy with business . He is the designer and self-titled "chief shoe giver" at TOMS Shoes . His company gives away a pair of shoes for every pair it sells . TOMS expects to donate 200,000 pairs of shoes to children in need this year .
id: 254ba3e3c2209b7c9304ade100bcdc6377d586de
chatgpt: Blake Mycoskie, the entrepreneur and founder of TOMS Shoes, has become known for his innovative approach to philanthropy. Mycoskie has managed to blend his passion for business and social responsibility by turning his company into a force for good. By designing and selling shoes, he has managed to marry commerce with philanthropy in a way that has garnered attention from around the world. TOMS Shoes, founded in 2006, donates a pair of shoes for every pair it sells. This means that with every purchase, a child in need somewhere in the world is receiving a new pair of shoes. This business model has proven successful for the company, and it has seen remarkable growth since its inception. In fact, TOMS Shoes expects to donate 200,000 pairs of shoes to children in need this year alone. Mycoskie is the self-titled "chief shoe giver" at TOMS Shoes, and he has used his role to make a statement about the importance of social responsibility in business. His approach has been praised by many, and he has become a leading voice in the movement towards socially conscious entrepreneurship. Mycoskie has been recognized for his efforts with numerous awards, including being named a Young Global Leader by the World Economic Forum in 2009. The success of TOMS Shoes has inspired other companies to follow in its footsteps. Many businesses have looked to the company as a template for how to blend social responsibility with profit, and they have seen the benefits of doing so. Mycoskie's innovative approach has shown that social responsibility and capitalism can coexist, and that doing so can be a profitable venture. Mycoskie's mission with TOMS Shoes goes beyond simply providing new shoes to those in need. The company has also worked to address other issues that impact those in impoverished communities, such as access to clean water and education. TOMS Shoes has partnered with various organizations to help bring clean water to those in need, and to provide educational opportunities to children around the world. The impact of Mycoskie's work has been felt around the world. TOMS Shoes has donated millions of pairs of shoes to children in need, and has helped to address other pressing issues as well. Mycoskie's message of social responsibility has inspired countless individuals and businesses to take action, and his work continues to make a meaningful difference in the lives of others. As his company continues to grow and expand its reach, Mycoskie remains committed to his mission of blending philanthropy with business. He has shown that it is possible to run a profitable company while still doing good, and his example has inspired others to follow suit. Given the positive impact that he has already had, it is clear that Mycoskie's work will continue to make a difference for many years to come.