article: London (CNN) -- Vertical gardens are cropping up all over cities these days, transforming drab urban facades into vibrant jungles of color. These lush expanses have found their way onto the walls -- both inside and out -- on numerous sites in recent years revitalizing public buildings, hotels, offices and even a multi-storey car park in Netherlands. Aside from their pleasing aesthetic qualities, vertical gardens could also deliver more practical benefits says Mark Laurence, creative director at Biotecture, a UK company who design and build green walls. "The market is rapidly moving into looking at how they can provide eco-system services and green infrastructures for urban environments," Laurence said. Their modular hydroponic system -- where plants sit in a soil-free set up with nutrients delivered through irrigation channels -- can be retrofitted to just about any wall. A recent creation erected on the side of Edgware Road Underground station in central London is hoping to improve air quality. The 200-square meter wall near Marylebone Road -- one of the UK capital's grimiest thoroughfares -- is being monitored by Imperial College, London. "They have taken initial samples and going at regular intervals to take leaf samples. Then they wash these leaf samples to see how much particulate matter has adhered to the leaves," said Laurence. The leaves also have an electrostatic charge that also attracts particles. "A researcher I was speaking to recently reckons green walls in urban canyon environments (areas where walls are higher than the width of the road separating them) are more effective than trees at collecting particles because the way the wind eddies around and then moves down the wall," Laurence said. Some believe that in less polluted areas, green walls could be employed to grow food, which could aid urban food security. Biotecture have successfully trialled a wall which grew 45 varieties of vegetable. Furthermore, there's nothing stopping people building their own, more basic green walls at home, Laurence says. There are various systems for DIY constructions with most requiring a compost-based system, he says, but homemade hydroponic systems can be made using plastic bottles. All you need is irrigation and adequate light.
highlights: Green walls turn dreary urban facades into vertical banks of color . As well as aesthetic qualities, vertical gardens may also improve air quality . New wall near congested Marylebone Road in London may reduce pollution .
id: c5d3ccf213a04c89fd5de0fa867a93d0fe265ff6
chatgpt: A new green wall has been installed near the busy Marylebone Road in London, offering much more than just a stunning vista. Green walls, also known as vertical gardens, have the ability to transform an otherwise plain, concrete building into a colorful and eco-friendly masterpiece. The green wall in Marylebone is expected to improve air quality in the congested urban area, according to the experts behind the initiative. It is widely believed that green walls have the potential to reduce the amount of pollutants in the air by absorbing them through photosynthesis. This new installation is the latest effort to combat the high levels of air pollution in the city. Aside from the ecological benefits, vertical gardens have become an increasingly popular means of enhancing the aesthetic appeal of urban areas. The green wall in Marylebone is no exception, as it radiates a radiant combination of colors and textures that add some much-needed warmth to the dreary concrete facades surrounding it. Green walls can also provide insulation for buildings, reducing the amount of energy needed to cool or heat the interior. This can result in significant savings for building owners, both financially and environmentally. The green wall in Marylebone is just one of many similar initiatives that have been launched in recent years. From New York to Tokyo, vertical gardens have become an integral part of modern cityscapes, with an increasing number of people realizing the benefits of green installations in urban environments. As these initiatives continue to gain momentum, it is becoming increasingly clear that green walls are not just a temporary trend, but a vital part of the sustainable future of cities. Policymakers are now starting to take notice, with green walls and other related initiatives being increasingly implemented in cities across the world. As the population of cities continues to grow, so does the importance of implementing creative and sustainable solutions for urban environments. The green wall in Marylebone is just the latest example of how cities can use innovative solutions to combat the negative effects of urbanization while also improving the lives of city-dwellers with added beauty and health benefits. It remains to be seen what other creative sustainability solutions will emerge, but green walls are an excellent reminder that there are many ways to make cities more livable and eco-friendly.