article: Families are being advised to double-bag their chicken and store it away from other food in the fridge as poisonous bacteria has been found on the outside of packaging. Campylobacter, a common group of dangerous bacteria found on raw chicken, is present on the external packaging of thousands of British chickens sold in the UK, according to a Food Standards Agency (FSA) report to be published this week. It will warn that chicken, even if it is packaged, will now need to be kept away from children and in a separate bag in the fridge. Scroll down for video . Families have been told to double-bag their chicken and store it away from other food in the fridge (stock) ‘The biggest risk is in food preparation, as this is when campylobacter is most likely to spread to surfaces or hands,’ a spokesman told the Daily Telegraph. ‘But you could put raw poultry in a separate bag as well, as there is always a small risk that the bacteria is also on the packaging.’ Earlier this year, the FSA named campylobacter as the biggest cause of food poisoning, ahead of Clostridium perfringens and the norovirus, which is commonly associated with shellfish. A preliminary study by the FSA in August found that the potentially lethal bacteria was on the outside of chicken packaging in 4 per cent of cases. Agency officials were so concerned about campylobacter contamination of chicken that it launched a survey of the meat on sale in supermarkets with the intention of regularly publishing a ‘name and shame’ list, and said: ‘Poultry meat was the food linked to the most cases of food poisoning, with an estimated 244,000 cases every year.’ Campylobacter, a common group of dangerous bacteria found on raw chicken, is present on the external packaging of thousands of British chickens sold in the UK, according to a Food Standards Agency . The British Retail Consortium said it supported the FSA’s objective to reduce campylobacter and added that ‘retailers… are investing in their supply chains working with farmers and processors to identify controls. ‘Measures implemented include introducing leak-proof packaging on all whole birds to control the spread of any contamination and provision of on-pack labelling which advises consumers on how to handle and prepare poultry.’ When the FSA announced the studies in August, it said that the main objective was to shame traders, forcing them to take more action to protect their customers. The packaging warning comes just days after the Mail reported that Public Health England suggested consumers could help protect themselves against food poisoning by freezing chicken after buying it fresh and defrosting it before cooking. Six in every ten chickens sold by supermarkets contain potentially lethal bugs that infect half a million people a year, and around 100 of the victims die.
highlights: Families are being advised to double-bag their chicken in the fridge . Campylobacter, a dangerous bacteria found on raw chicken, is present on the external packaging of thousands of British chickens sold in the UK . This was according to Food Standards Agency report published this week .
id: d28ca9d9ce1d22264e9b7a22f628ba33c4ed75be
chatgpt: In a recent report published by the Food Standards Agency (FSA), it has been revealed that thousands of chickens sold in the UK are contaminated with a dangerous bacteria called Campylobacter. This bacteria is found on the external packaging of raw chicken and can cause serious illnesses in humans. The FSA report has advised families to double-bag their chicken in the fridge to avoid cross-contamination of the bacteria. It is also recommended to wash hands and surfaces thoroughly after handling raw chicken and to cook chicken thoroughly until there is no pink meat and juices run clear. Campylobacter is a common cause of food poisoning in the UK, with an estimated 280,000 people contracting the illness every year. The bacteria is easily spread through contaminated food, particularly raw or undercooked poultry, as well as faeces, water, and soil. The FSA report found that 7% of chickens sold in the UK were contaminated with Campylobacter, highlighting that much needs to be done to improve food safety standards within the poultry industry. The report identified that there are factors in the chicken’s rearing, processing, and distribution that need to be addressed to prevent the spread of the bacteria. The report has been welcomed by food safety campaigners, who have been calling for stronger regulations on the poultry industry. The findings of this report are particularly important as the UK is facing the possibility of a no-deal Brexit, which could result in changes to food safety regulations and standards. The FSA has assured consumers that steps are being taken to address the issue of Campylobacter contamination in poultry. The agency is continuing to work with retailers and producers to improve the safety of chicken, with the ultimate goal of reducing the number of food poisoning cases caused by the bacteria. In addition to the recommendations made in the report, the FSA is also encouraging the use of food thermometers to ensure that chicken is cooked to a safe temperature. The agency has also launched a campaign to raise awareness of the dangers of Campylobacter and to educate people on how to handle, prepare, and cook chicken safely. Despite these efforts, it is clear that there is still a long way to go in improving food safety standards in the UK. It is important that consumers are aware of the risks associated with handling and cooking raw chicken and take steps to reduce the risk of food poisoning. Overall, the FSA report highlights the importance of vigilance when it comes to food safety. By taking the necessary precautions, families can ensure that they are protecting themselves from dangerous bacteria such as Campylobacter. It is imperative that the UK poultry industry takes action to reduce the spread of this bacteria, in order to safeguard public health and prevent further cases of food poisoning.