article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . Billionaire: Tom Perkins, worth $8bn, compared criticism of the super rich to the Holocaust . A California multimillionaire has attracted ridicule after the Wall Street Journal published his letter comparing criticism of super-rich Americans to the Holocaust. Venture capitalist Thomas Perkins, who is thought to be worth around $8billion, wrote to the paper  from San Francisco, where a class war is currently brewing over rich tech employees who are driving up the city's cost of living. He opened his letter to the paper: 'Writing from the epicenter of progressive thought, San Francisco, I would call attention to the parallels of fascist Nazi Germany to its war on its "one percent," namely its Jews, to the progressive war on the American one percent, namely the "rich.' Mr Perkins describing the hatred attracted by Google workers in San Francisco and an incident in which his former wife author Danielle Steele was branded a 'snob' in the San Francisco Chronicle in a row over the height of her hedge. He then added: 'This is a very dangerous drift in our American thinking. Kristallnacht was unthinkable in 1930; is its descendent "progressive" radicalism unthinkable now?' Kristallnacht translates as 'The night of broken glass' and refers to coordinated attacks on Jews in Germany on November 9 1938, as authorities looke on and did nothing. Superyacht: Mr Perkins commissioned the $150m yacht Maltese Falcon which he later sold . Mr Perkins, 82, was educated at MIT before gaining an MBA from Harvard. He founded Venture capitalist firm Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers in 1973 and has served as a director on boards of companies including Compaq. He recently spent $150million building a super yacht called Maltese Falcon and lives on a 60th floor, 5,500ft penthouse overlooking San Francisco Bay. Comparisons: Mr Perkins referenced the Kristallnacht attacks on Jews in Germany in 1938 . Protests: Mr Perkins also discusses the protests in San Francisco against Google buses and tech workers driving up the area's cost of living . Before that, he was a general manager credited with building Hewlett Packard into the huge company it is known as today and started a successful laser company based on his own invention. His comments comparing criticism of the rich to the Nazis persecution of the Jews that resulted in six million deaths have attracted ridicule from many. Kaili Joy Gray wrote on the Wonkette blog: 'The parallel of Nazi Germany and some people getting kind of annoyed by the tech bro dudes is exactly ZERO.' Author and New York Times writer Steven Greenhouse tweeted: 'As someone who lost numerous relatives to the Nazi gas chambers, I find statements like this revolting & inexplicable.'
highlights: Thomas Perkins, 82, wrote of the 'parallels of fascist Nazi Germany to its [San Francisco's] war on its "one per cent" Referenced the protests against Google buses and tech workers driving up the cost of living . Perkins is worth $8billion and built a superyacht worth $150m .
id: 0462007d5ba6bf815e3fd9b08800919284ba3905
chatgpt: Thomas Perkins, a 82-year-old American venture capitalist and co-founder of Silicon Valley-based venture capital firm Kleiner Perkins, is under fire for his latest editorial on the San Francisco Chronicle. The op-ed, titled “Progressive Kristallnacht Coming?”, has stirred up controversy for its comparison of the treatment of San Francisco’s wealthy elite to the persecution of Jews during Nazi Germany. Perkins, who has a net worth estimated at $8 billion and famously built a luxurious $150 million superyacht, opened his editorial by acknowledging that his “outrageous” comparison would surely invite criticism. He went on, however, to warn that liberals in America today were displaying a similar “narrow-minded intolerance” to that of the Nazis in 1930s Germany. In the piece, Perkins drew parallels between the anti-Jewish violence of Kristallnacht and the current rhetoric and actions against the so-called “one per cent” in San Francisco. He spoke of the protests that surrounded the Google buses, which transport tech workers from their homes in San Francisco to their offices in Silicon Valley, and the anger that has been directed at tech companies for driving up the cost of living in the area. Perkins argued that the vilification of the wealthy and successful would ultimately lead to violence, just as the demonization of the Jews led to the Holocaust. He even suggested that a “progressive Kristallnacht” was on the horizon, ominously warning that “this is how it begins.” The response to Perkins’ editorial has been swift and unequivocal. Many have accused him of facile scaremongering, and several prominent members of the tech community have voiced their outrage over his words. Marc Andreessen, the co-founder of Netscape and a member of the Kleiner Perkins team, took to Twitter to distance himself from Perkins’ views. Others have argued that Perkins’ extreme wealth is itself a troubling phenomenon, and that it is reasonable to question the moral implications of such concentrations of power and influence. Critics have pointed out the many ways in which the tech industry has contributed to social inequality and gentrification in San Francisco, and have argued that Perkins’ editorial is little more than a self-serving defense of an unsustainable status quo. The San Francisco Chronicle has also come under fire for publishing Perkins’ article. The newspaper has said that it supports “a vibrant exchange of ideas,” but many have accused it of providing a platform for dangerous and divisive views. Perkins has not withdrawn his op-ed, although he has expressed regret at using the phrase “Kristallnacht” in his comparison. He has apologised to anyone who was offended by his words, but has not backed down from his broader argument. The debate sparked by Perkins’ editorial has touched on a number of highly charged issues, including wealth inequality, freedom of expression, and the role of the media in shaping public discourse. While few would argue that comparisons to Nazi Germany are appropriate, many feel that Perkins’ article raises important questions about the relationship between wealth, power, and social responsibility.