article: Students at an Orthodox Jewish school in Brooklyn have been banned from wearing the thick-framed retro glasses that are currently very fashionable with celebrities and local hipsters alike. Parents at the Bobover Yeshiva B’Nei Zion school in Borough Park, which caters to members of the Bobov sect, recently received a letter written in Yiddish from the school telling them about the new policy. ‘We are asking that everyone buy simple glasses,’ reads the letter. ‘The yeshiva will not tolerate thick plastic eye glasses.' School children at the Bobover Yeshiva B'Nei Zion school in Brooklyn are now banned from wearing thick-framed retro glasses so beloved by hipsters . Thick frames are currently very trendy . amongst people attempting to look 'nerdy' or seem more 'intelligent' than they really are. Celebrities who have been photographed wearing . these glasses include LeBron James and Justin Timberlake. But that hasn't impressed officials at Bobover Yeshiva B’Nei Zion. They believe the glasses 'give the child a very course look’ and represent the 'new modernism.' 'What we have to commit ourselves to is we have to stand on top of this and not tolerate the new modernism,' the letter reads. 'The good deed that accompanied the Jews in Egypt was that they didn’t change their names and clothes, and this same strength is still accompanying us and maintaining us in exile - in all generations.' LeBron James and Justin Timberlake are amongst the celebrities regularly seen wearing think-framed retro glasses . Other celebrities who wear the fashionable glasses include rapper T.I. and comedian Andy Samberg . 'It doesn’t matter what age - a student cannot come to yeshiva with these glasses.' Parents are asked to exchange the 'immodest' frames and told that the expense should be viewed as an 'educational boost.' Lumiere Eyewear, a local optical shop, said it has already exchanged 30 pairs in just two weeks, reports the New York Post. While school officials are also reported to have visited another local eye-wear shop, MS Optical, to decide which glasses are acceptable and which are not. Bobover Yeshiva B'Nei Zion in Borough Park, Brooklyn has banned students from wearing thick-framed retro glasses .
highlights: Officials at the Bobover Yeshiva B'Nei Zion school in Brooklyn have written to parents to say they're outlawing thick-framed retro glasses . The glasses are very popular with celebrities and hipsters . The school said the glasses give children 'a very course look' School officials have visited local glass sellers to check out their stock and determine what is acceptable for students to wear .
id: 02459adaa2d2f9e5d566554cb238b21fc8c3eff3
chatgpt: Officials at Bobover Yeshiva B'Nei Zion, a private school in Brooklyn, have made headlines after announcing that they will be outlawing a popular trend among celebrities and hipsters - thick-framed retro glasses. The school sent out letters to parents, warning them that their children are no longer permitted to wear these glasses on campus.  According to the school, these glasses give students "a very coarse look," which goes against their strict dress code policy. In an effort to ensure compliance, school officials reportedly visited local glasses sellers to inspect their stock and determine which frames are acceptable for students to wear. The ban on thick-framed retro glasses has sparked mixed reactions from parents and students alike. Some see it as a necessary step in maintaining the school's image and promoting a sense of professionalism, while others view it as an unnecessary restriction on personal expression.  Several students expressed disappointment at the new rule, stating that thick-framed glasses are a popular fashion statement and that they use them to express themselves. Others argued that the school should focus on more important issues, such as academic performance and behavior. Despite these objections, school officials remain firm in their decision to ban the glasses. They argue that they have a responsibility to maintain a certain level of decorum at the school and that this ban is a necessary step toward that goal.  This isn't the first time that schools have banned certain fashion trends. In the past, schools have outlawed everything from hoodies to certain types of shoes. While some may view these restrictions as trivial, others argue that they are necessary to create a safe and productive learning environment. As for the students affected by this particular ban, they will have to choose between complying with the school's dress code policy or finding a new fashion statement to express themselves.  The school has made it clear that the ban is non-negotiable and that anyone caught wearing thick-framed retro glasses will face disciplinary action.