article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 10:42 EST, 6 December 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 02:56 EST, 7 December 2012 . Russia's female prisoners are being subjected to 'concentration camp' conditions where as many as 30 inmates are forced to share one room, a damning new book reveals today. Convicts tell of a 'devastating lack of personal space' and the 'awful' experience of having to share just two toilets with 300 fellow inmates. Others have been punished for soiling their bed sheets with menstrual blood after their period started unexpectedly. 'Awful': Russia's female prisoners say they are being subjected to a 'devastating lack of personal space in concentration camp-style conditions, according to a new book (file picture) Their accounts have been documented in the book Before and After Prison: Women’s Stories by a group of St Petersburg sociologists who have combined uncensored stories by inmates with a professional assessment of life behind bars. Russia's penal colonies have been examined before, but mainly by lawyers and human rights advocates and never analysing gender differences. One prisoner known only as Galina, whose story features in the book, said: 'There were thirty of us sharing the same room in the colony. It was awful and really felt like barracks. 'And there was only one toilet room — with two toilets in it — per one detachment of three hundred people, who had a total of half an hour in the morning to use this toilet. It was a concentration camp'. The inmates' accounts have been documented in the book Before and After Prison: Women¿s Stories by a group of St Petersburg sociologists (woman pictured was not involved in the book) She said they were forced to boil rainwater after being left without any drinking water. According to The St Petersburg Times, the book also describes how the women are put through a series of ordeals designed to suppress their femininity. Sociologist Natalya Goncharova, a co-author of the book, said: 'There are rules in jails stipulating that if you soil your bed sheets — for example, with menstrual blood — you will be punished for it.' Galina recalled how inmates are sometimes not allowed to was or shower after having an unexpected period until the next day. The book also dispels the myth that female prisoners are softer towards each other than their male counterparts. 'If you are ill, or weak or old, they will be sure to exploit you, humiliate you, harass you, sometimes just for fun,' recalls one prisoner called Yulia. According to official statistics, Russia's total prison population this year was 714,000, with women representing 59,000 of them, or 8.3 per cent.
highlights: Female convicts tell of 'devastating lack of personal space' behind bars . Some are punished for soiling sheets after period starts unexpectedly . Others are forced to share one room with as many as 30 fellow inmates . Accounts revealed in new book by group of St Petersburg sociologists .
id: b73e3de366cc697999b32ed02f7d76cd4283034e
chatgpt: Female convicts in Russia have opened up about their "devastating lack of personal space" while serving time behind bars. Many of them shared horrific tales of being punished for soiling their sheets after their period starts unexpectedly, while others were forced to share a single room with up to 30 fellow inmates. These stories are being highlighted in a new book by a group of St. Petersburg sociologists. The book, entitled "Personal Space in Prison," is based on interviews with female prisoners, and paints a disturbing picture of their living conditions. The lack of personal space is so severe that some prisoners have to sleep with their heads touching the feet of others or on the concrete floor. Women complained of being unable to move or even sit up in their cramped quarters. In addition, the lack of basic hygiene products, including sanitary pads, led to women having to use whatever materials they could find to deal with their periods. When they inevitably soiled their sheets, they were often faced with punishment for "dirtying" their bedding. "I have to change my tampon in front of everyone," one inmate told the researchers. "I don't have any privacy." The authors of the book call for reform within Russia's prison system, particularly in terms of living conditions for female inmates. They suggest that cells designed for 2-3 people are being used to house as many as 30, leading to, among other things, a high risk of infections such as tuberculosis. The issue of personal space is not limited to Russia’s prison system. In many parts of the world, female prisoners face overcrowded conditions, a lack of privacy, and little access to basic hygiene products. In the United States, for example, women make up the fastest-growing segment of the country's prison population, and they are often housed in facilities designed for men, leading to a similar lack of personal space. The problem is compounded by the fact that women are more likely than men to be incarcerated for non-violent offenses, which means that many are not seen as a security threat and therefore not prioritized in terms of living conditions. The new book serves as a sobering reminder that the focus needs to be on reforming the prison system to ensure that prisoners, regardless of their gender, are treated humanely and with respect. It calls for immediate action to be taken, to improve living conditions and privacy for female prisoners, and to guarantee their basic human rights.