article: Sajid Javid owed to change counter-terror laws used for official snooping on reporters . The Culture Secretary declared ‘journalism is not terrorism’ yesterday as he vowed to change counter-terror laws used for official snooping on reporters. Sajid Javid said he was ‘shocked’ by the extent of police accessing journalists’ phone records revealed in a report this week. He said new safeguards requiring the authorisation of a judge before such evidence is released would be rushed through before May’s general election. Mr Javid said journalists were ‘just as much part of our democracy as the MPs that sit in the chamber’ and told an audience of political journalists: ‘If you are not free to go about your legitimate business, it is our democracy that suffers. Democracy needs journalists to function.’ A report by the Interception of Communications Commissioner Sir Anthony May this week revealed the extent of the use of the Regulation of Investigatory Powers Act (Ripa) to monitor journalists. It was prompted after it emerged Scotland Yard had accessed the phone records of reporters to try to find who had leaked information on the Plebgate row. The report found that Ripa did not ‘provide adequate safeguards to protect journalistic sources’ – and found that over a three-year period, 19 police forces had sought communications data in relation to 34 investigations into contacts between public officials and journalists. Mr Javid said there was ‘no excuse’ for the authorities to use powers created to tackle terrorism as a tool to investigate reporters. He added: ‘Democracy needs journalists to function. That is why last month’s attacks in Paris struck a chord around the world. They weren’t just an attack on a magazine, they were an attack on the ideals that underpin our way of life. ‘Our journalists also face insidious threats from other quarters, be they commercial, judicial or political. Yesterday, we learnt the full extent to which Ripa was used to monitor journalists and their contacts. Mr Javid said he was 'appalled' to learn legislation used to catch terrorists such as the Charlie Hebdo attackers was being used on journalists . ‘Like many of you, I was shocked. In Paris we saw terrorists attacking the fundamental freedoms of the media, so I was appalled to discover that legislation created to hamper terrorists was now being used to undermine those very same freedoms. ‘Judicial approval will now be required before Ripa is used to access journalists’ data. It is a great victory for everyone who believes in press freedom.’ Mr Javid also referred to speculation that he plans to bid for the Conservative leadership when David Cameron stands down. He joked as he opened his address: ‘I have today agreed to let my name go forward for the leadership of... Oops, wrong speech.’
highlights: Culture Secretary vows to change counter-terror laws used on journalists . Sajid Javid said he was shocked by extent of police snooping on reporters . Safeguards requiring judge's approval will be rushed through before May . 'Democracy needs journalists to function,' Mr Javid said yesterday .
id: 3a7c8a7093c9f9733229e039c33753932dba4aee
chatgpt: Culture Secretary Sajid Javid has pledged to change counter-terrorism laws that have been used to target journalists, following his surprise discovery of the extent to which police have been snooping on reporters. Speaking at a seminar on press freedom at City University on Monday, Javid said that he was "shocked" by the scale of the problem and promised urgent action to protect the rights of journalists to work without fear of retribution. "The idea that police officers have the power to snoop on journalists just because they're investigating a crime is deeply disturbing," Javid said. "Journalists play a vital role in our democracy by holding those in power to account, and we need to do everything we can to protect their rights and freedoms." Under the current law, police officers can use counter-terrorism powers to seize journalists' notes, computer files and other materials without first obtaining a warrant from a judge. The process has been criticised by press freedom campaigners for allowing the police to abuse their powers, leading to a chilling effect on investigative journalism. Javid said that the government was working to introduce additional safeguards to the existing regime ahead of new regulations set to be implemented by the European Union. The regulations, which will come into force in May, will provide greater protections for journalists, including additional restrictions on the use of surveillance powers by law enforcement agencies. "We need to act quickly to ensure that the additional safeguards we are proposing are in place before the new EU regulations come into effect," he said. "The government is committed to protecting the vital role that journalists play in our democracy, and these new safeguards are an important step in that direction." The Culture Secretary's comments were warmly welcomed by press freedom campaigners, who have long called for greater protections for journalists. In recent years, a number of high-profile cases have highlighted the vulnerability of journalists to state surveillance, prompting calls for reform of the existing legal framework. "Democracy needs journalists to function properly, and any abuse of powers by law enforcement agencies must be swiftly and decisively dealt with," said Michelle Stanistreet, General Secretary of the National Union of Journalists. "We welcome the government's commitment to providing additional safeguards to protect the work of journalists, and we look forward to working with them to ensure that these protections are meaningful and effective." Javid's comments come as the government prepares to introduce a new Privacy and Press Standards Bill, which will seek to regulate the behaviour of news organisations and their employees. The bill has been criticised by some for potentially threatening the independence of the media, but Javid insisted that the government was committed to upholding press freedom and protecting the public's right to privacy. "In a free society, we need a free press, and that means giving journalists the freedom to do their job without fear of reprisals," he said. "We're determined to strike the right balance between privacy and free speech, and we believe that the new safeguards we are proposing will help to achieve this."