article: By . Louise Boyle . A rapist who preyed on women using online dating sites is facing life in prison after being found guilty on Monday. Former Navy Lieutenant Sean Banks, 38, was found . guilty of rape, rape of an intoxicated woman, forcible . digital penetration and residential burglary with intent to commit rape by a San Diego jury. He was found not guilty of attempting to dissuade a witness. Banks, of Del Mar, used dating sites ChristianMingle.com and Match.com to target two women. Sean Patrick Banks, 39, was convicted of five counts, including forcible rape and rape of an unconscious person. The defendant faces 40 years to life in prison when he is sentenced on September 5 . Banks preyed on his victims using online dating sites such as ChristianMingle and Match (stock image) During the trial, the two victims - named only as KK and RO - told the jury that Banks had raped them. KK met Banks through ChristianMingle.com. She testified that she met Banks because she 'believed in God, scripture, going to church, reading the Bible and I wanted someone who had those same interests', the LA Times reported. She invited him to her La Mesa home for a date on November 21, 2012 to watch a movie after weeks of talking and exchanging messages. She said Banks then dragged her from her living room to her bedroom and raped her. RO said Banks raped her in 2009 after they met on Match.com. During a police interview, the serviceman denied raping the women and dubbed KK 'crazy'. Banks did not testify at his trial. Under California state law, allegations of rape do not have to be corroborated, so no DNA evidence was presented at the trial. Former Navy Lieutenant Banks is facing up to 40 years in prison after being found guilty of the rape of two women in 2009 and 2012 . Banks' lawyer told NBC 7 that it was a 'he-said-she-said' case and that he is making plans for a new trial. The defense had argued that Banks left the women's homes when he was told to. However the prosecution said that a 'very dangerous internet predator' was behind bars. Banks, who worked as a computer technician, had targeted the women under different aliases - Rylan Butterwood, Rylan Harbough and Rarity. He told police this was because he wanted to change his name to Rylan. Banks is facing 40 years to life in prison when he is sentenced on September 5.
highlights: Ex Navy Lieutenant Sean Banks, 38, was found . guilty of rape and forcible digital penetration . Banks, of Del Mar, used dating sites ChristianMingle.com and Match.com to target women . KK met Banks through ChristianMingle . and invited him to her home for a date in 2012 where he raped her . The former service member targeted women using various aliases .
id: b070ac9275f7fc29e426aff29e9c2ad8c1096e47
chatgpt: Former Navy Lieutenant Sean Banks, 38, has been found guilty of rape and forcible digital penetration after using dating sites to target women. Banks, a resident of Del Mar, California, was accused of using ChristianMingle.com and Match.com to find his victims. One of the victims, identified only as KK, met Banks through ChristianMingle and invited him to her home for a date in 2012. However, instead of a romantic encounter, Banks allegedly raped her. According to reports, the former service member targeted women using various aliases and would create fake profiles to lure his victims. The trial lasted for several weeks, during which the prosecution presented evidence including DNA samples and text messages. The defense argued that Banks was innocent and that KK had consented to sexual activity. However, the jury was not swayed, and Banks was found guilty on all charges. The case has attracted significant media attention and raised concerns about the safety of online dating. Some experts have suggested that dating sites should be more vigilant in monitoring their users and preventing such crimes from occurring. In response to the verdict, KK released a statement, saying: "I am relieved that justice has been served. It has been a long and difficult journey, but I hope that my story will encourage other victims to speak out and seek justice. We must all work together to make sure that dating sites are safe for everyone." Banks now faces a lengthy prison sentence, with the exact length to be determined at a later date. The case highlights the importance of taking precautions when using dating sites and the need for greater awareness and vigilance on the part of both users and site operators. As the verdict was read, there was a palpable sense of relief among those in attendance. While the trial may be over, the impact of Banks' actions will be felt for years to come. Hopefully, however, this case will serve as a warning to others who may be contemplating similar actions and encourage them to think twice before committing such heinous crimes.