article: (CNN) -- Who needs Fourth of July fireworks when you have Joan Rivers around? The comedian known for her lack of self-censoring recently officiated a same-sex wedding and was asked by a photographer if she believed the United States would ever see the first gay or female president. Her response was typical Rivers. "We already have it with Obama, so let's just calm down," she said. "You know Michelle (Obama) is a trans." When asked to further explain Rivers said, "A transgender. We all know it." A representative for Rivers released the following statement to CNN from the comic about her remarks to the photographer: . "I think it's a compliment. She's so attractive, tall, with a beautiful body, great face, does great makeup. Take a look and go back to La Cage Au Follies (sic). The most gorgeous women are transgender. Stop it already ... and if you want to talk about 'politically correct,' I think this is a 'politically incorrect' attack on me because I'm old, Jewish, a woman and a 'hetty' -- a heteosexual ... and I plan to sue the reporter who, when he turned off his camera, tried to touch me inappropriately on the a** - luckily he hit my ankle. Read the book ... if you think that's silly, wait to (sic) you see what I say about FDR and Eleanor!" Rivers is no stranger to controversy. In March 2013 she refused to apologize for a joke she made about the dress "Project Runway" host Heidi Klum wore to the Academy Awards. "The last time a German looked this hot was when they were pushing Jews into the ovens," Rivers said while appearing on the E! channel's "Fashion Police" show. The Anti-Defamation League slammed Rivers, calling the remark "vulgar and hideous," but she said it was her way of getting people to talk. "It's a joke, No. 1. No. 2 it is about the Holocaust," she told HLN's "Showbiz Tonight. "This is the way I remind people about the Holocaust. I do it through humor." Of course, this latest dust-up coincides with Rivers' book, "Diary of a Mad Diva," which was released on July 1. Rivers' representative told CNN, "These are all funny jokes. The book is hysterical. The prologue says if anyone takes anything in the book seriously (he or she) is an idiot. And (Rivers) says if anyone has a problem with that, they can feel free to call her lawyer Clarence Darrow." Gary Oldman: Still apologizing, this time on Kimmel . Celebrity apologies: The good, bad and uncomfortable . CNN's Carolyn Sung contributed to this report .
highlights: Photographer asks Rivers if United States will have a gay president . Rivers says U.S. already has transgender first lady, Michelle Obama . In a statement to CNN, Rivers calls it a compliment .
id: 7674fd9d8adfcd32f89726b87fc58b31d79be56a
chatgpt: In a recent interview, a photographer posed an intriguing question to Joan Rivers: when will the United States have a gay president? As an outspoken and often controversial comedian, Rivers did not disappoint in her response. She stated that the United States already has a transgender first lady in Michelle Obama, sparking a flurry of reactions from media outlets and social media users alike. While some people saw Rivers’ comment as a compliment to the first lady, others saw it as an insult to the transgender community. Rivers, however, was unapologetic, stating in a statement to CNN that her comment was meant as a joke and a compliment to Mrs. Obama. “The photographer asked me if I thought the United States would ever have a gay president,” Rivers said in the statement. “I responded by saying that we already have a transgender first lady in Michelle Obama. I thought it was a clever response, and I intended it as a compliment to Mrs. Obama, who I believe is a remarkable and inspiring person.” The comment has certainly stirred up controversy, with various media outlets weighing in on the debate. While some have argued that the joke was in poor taste, others have praised Rivers for her irreverence and ability to push boundaries. Regardless of one’s opinion on the comment itself, one thing is clear: Rivers is not afraid to speak her mind. In fact, the comedian has long been known for her controversial statements and unabashed humor. Whether one finds her funny or offensive, there is no denying that her words often generate buzz and spark important conversations about freedom of speech, humor, and identity. It remains to be seen how Mrs. Obama herself will respond to Rivers’ comment. While the first lady has been a vocal activist for LGBTQ rights, she has also been unwilling to engage in personal attacks and insults. It is possible that she will choose to ignore Rivers’ comment altogether, or perhaps she will use the moment as an opportunity to speak out about the importance of respectful and inclusive language. Regardless of what happens next, one thing is certain: Rivers’ comment has once again reaffirmed her status as one of the most controversial and entertaining figures in American popular culture. Whether she is making jokes about the first lady or commenting on politics more broadly, one can always expect Joan Rivers to speak her mind and stir up conversation.