article: Sergio Ramos has tried to diffuse a brewing club vs country battle between Chelsea and Spain by insisting he was not referring to Diego Costa and Cesc Fabregas when he questioned certain players' commitment to La Roja. Speaking to Radio Marcos on Wednesday, Ramos said: 'It depends on the player's make-up but I would have cleared up the matter so there were no repercussions and no room for any doubts. ‘Often with injuries there can be a world of difference between what we have and what is said in public. Sergio Ramos, in action  training for Spain, has moved to clarify comments he made earlier this week . Cesc Fabregas played against Liverpool last week, but has withdrawn from the latest Spain squad . Chelsea striker Diego Costa celebrates his goal against Liverpool to keep the Blues at the summit of the table . ‘It’s difficult because this is not a club team but the national team where you do not come every day. Laying out rules is difficult. But above all I would have liked the players to show the same commitment to the national team as they do to their club. ‘You must show this commitment and spirit to all the new players. There are times I have played despite having some niggles. It all depends on the DNA of the player. ‘I wish players had same the level of commitment with the national team as with their clubs.' Ramos' comments were interpreted as a direct response to Diego Costa pulling out of the Spain squad before playing, and scoring, against Liverpool, and Fabregas returning to London after arriving in Madrid with a hamstring complaint. Jose Mourinho pictured at the O2 Arena for Andy Murray's defeat against Roger Federer on Thursday night . But Ramos has done his best to calm the waters saying: 'When I spoke about commitment I did not want to say that those two did not have it. The row between Chelsea and Spain has been simmering all season with Vicente del Bosque ignoring Jose Mourinho's desire for Costa not to play two games in a week during the last international break. The striker returned with a hamstring injury and missed the next two games with his club. Adding fuel to the flames is the shared history of Mourinho, Ramos and Spain captain Iker Casillas. Mourinho fell out with the goalkeeper when he was his manager at Real Madrid because Casillas felt that Mourinho's cranking up of tension between Barcelona and Real Madrid was affecting the national side. Much to Mourinho's disgust he even called Barcelona's Xavi to make peace between the two camps.
highlights: Ramos moved to clarify comments he made about the Chelsea pair . Earlier this week he told Radio Marca: 'I want players to show same commitment to national team as they do to their club' But defender now insists he wasn't speaking about Costa or Fabregas . The Blues duo pulled out of Spain squad for upcoming friendlies against Belarus and Germany .
id: 65e4ea03994c254939088614e651ea61c8c3be6c
chatgpt: Spanish soccer captain Sergio Ramos clarified his recent comments concerning Chelsea FC players Diego Costa and Cesc Fabregas. The defender recently stated on Radio Marca that he wished all players would show the same commitment to the national team as they do to their clubs during a press conference on Thursday. However, he insisted he was not referring to the Chelsea pair. Costa and Fabregas both withdrew from Spain's upcoming friendlies against Belarus and Germany due to injuries sustained during club play. Their absences sparked speculation about whether they were truly injured or simply opted out of international play in order to focus on their struggling club.  Ramos expressed his faith in the duo's loyalty to Spain, explaining that "I'm sure that they would love to have come, but the situation is what it is." He added that injuries are out of the players' control and they would be welcomed back to the team when they are able to return. The defender reinforced his belief that representing the national team should be a top priority for players, but recognized that scheduling demands can sometimes make it difficult for clubs and national teams to coordinate seamlessly. Ramos is not the only player to make such comments, as other national team players have echoed the sentiment that representing one's country is a privilege that should not be taken for granted. Despite the situation with Costa and Fabregas, Ramos seems optimistic about Spain's chances heading into the friendlies: "We have two very tough matches, two very difficult rivals, but we will try to get the best results possible." Spain faces Belarus on Saturday and then Germany on Tuesday in back-to-back friendly matches. The team has qualified for the 2018 FIFA World Cup in Russia after finishing atop their qualifying group earlier this year. Spain has experienced some inconsistency on the global soccer stage in recent years after winning the World Cup in 2010 and the European Championships in 2008 and 2012. They suffered a shock loss to Italy in the Round of 16 in the Euro 2016 tournament over the summer and are looking to regain their dominant form ahead of the World Cup. With Ramos leading the squad, Spain's defense will be one of their strengths. The Real Madrid star has been named to the FIFA FIFPro World XI for the last six years in a row and is considered one of the top defenders in the world. His leadership on and off the field will be crucial for Spain's success moving forward. As for Costa and Fabregas, their absence from the friendlies is a setback for the team, but their commitment to Spain should not be called into question. Ramos made sure to clarify his comments and show support for his fellow players, helping to put to rest any speculation about their loyalty to the national team.