article: (CNN) -- The Department of Veterans Affairs said Wednesday it will apologize to veterans who were mistakenly told they'd been diagnosed with a fatal neurological condition. Brent Casey said went into a "meltdown" when he got a letter from the VA saying, erroneously, that he had ALS. Letters were sent August 13 to 1,864 veterans and survivors, the VA said in a written statement. They were supposed to be sent to veterans with ALS -- also known as Lou Gehrig's disease -- to keep them apprised of expanding benefits eligibility. "According to the records of the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA), you have a diagnosis of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS)," said the letter, according to the National Gulf War Resource Center. "This letter tells you about VA disability compensation benefits that may be available to you." But some who received the letters, like Brent Casey, do not have ALS. Casey, a disabled Army veteran from the first Gulf War, told CNN that when he received the letter, he was "just completely beside myself. Just floored. Went into a complete and total meltdown. I couldn't speak, couldn't -- I guess I was, truthfully, speechless." The VA said issued a statement saying it made "a coding error, and a number of veterans who should not have received this letter did." An estimated one-third of the letters -- more than 600 -- were sent erroneously, a department official familiar with the program told CNN. After hearing from veterans who received the letter but do not have ALS, the VA immediately began reviewing individual claims files for all the recipients to determine who received the letter by mistake, agency spokeswoman Katie Roberts said in the statement. "VA employees are personally contacting these individuals to ensure they understand the letter should not be confused with a medical diagnosis of ALS, explain why they mistakenly received the letter and express VA's sincere apologies for the distress caused by this unfortunate and regrettable error." "It's not right for it to happen this way," Casey said. "Regardless if it was the case that I was diagnosed with ALS, that would be the worst possible way for an organization to let an individual know." Upon receiving the letter, some veterans sought a second opinion outside the VA, according to veterans' service organizations, paying for doctors' consultations out of their own pockets. The VA said it will reimburse those veterans for the costs. In addition, the VA said it is reviewing its notification process to make sure a similar error doesn't happen again. The AmVets service organization is "encouraged" by the VA's response to the situation, and pleased to see they caught the error, said spokesman Ryan Gallucci. CNN Radio's John Lorinc contributed to this report.
highlights: NEW: VA says some 600 people got letters in error due to a "coding error" Letters sent last week informed 1,864 veterans and survivors of ALS diagnosis . VA: "Employees are personally contacting" those who don't have disease . Agency is reviewing notification process to ensure no such error is repeated .
id: 93e0bb6a1676d2e942e76fdb842dc69ef9b88175
chatgpt: A coding error that occurred last week led to hundreds of veterans and survivors receiving letters in error from the VA, the department said on Tuesday. The error led to some 600 veterans being notified of an ALS diagnosis that they did not actually receive.  The VA has taken swift action to correct the mistake, with employees personally contacting those Veterans who received the letters in error to apologize and explain what happened. The agency has also launched a review of its notification process to ensure that such an error does not happen again. The VA's announcement of the coding error comes just a few days after it sent out the original letters notifying 1,864 Veterans and survivors of an ALS diagnosis. The letters were part of an effort to ensure that Veterans were receiving the benefits they were entitled to, and to ensure that they had the necessary resources to manage the condition. The VA has emphasized that the coding error did not impact the determination of benefits for any of the affected Veterans. It also says that it is working to ensure that the Veterans who actually have ALS are getting the resources and support they need. The affected Veterans are being assured that they will not be held responsible for any overpayments made due to the error. In addition, the VA has stated that those who received the letters in error will not be penalized in any way. In a statement, VA Secretary Denis McDonough expressed his concern about the error, and promised that the agency would do everything it could to ensure that it did not happen again in the future. He said that the VA would be working with its partners across the federal government to ensure that all Veterans receive the benefits they are entitled to in a timely and accurate manner. The error has raised questions about the VA's training and oversight processes, as well as its software development practices. While the agency has said that it will review its notification process and take steps to prevent similar errors in the future, the incident has highlighted the importance of ongoing vigilance when it comes to the use of technology in the delivery of benefits and services to Veterans. Overall, the VA's response to the incident has been swift and decisive. While it is unfortunate that the error occurred in the first place, the agency has taken responsibility for its mistake and is taking steps to ensure that it does not happen again in the future. Veterans who have been affected by the error can rest assured that the VA is working to make things right, and that they will continue to receive the support and resources they need as they navigate the challenges of living with ALS.