article: By . Simon Cable . PUBLISHED: . 18:38 EST, 28 August 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 02:58 EST, 29 August 2013 . Her sweet treats have impressed the judges – but for viewers of the Great British Bake Off, it is Ruby Tandoh’s looks that are causing a stir. The striking 21-year-old has received a flurry of compliments on Twitter from male fans. The comments include ‘Ruby is the perfect woman’, ‘I think I’m in love’ and ‘the most gorgeous eyes I have ever seen’. But that should come as no surprise. Scroll down for video . Great British Bake Off contestant Ruby Tandoh is a former model having signed to Models 1, one of the leading agencies, in her teens . Miss Tandoh struggled to impress the Bake Off judges at first but was the show's star baker this week . Miss Tandoh, chosen from 10,000 applicants to be one of this year’s 13 contestants, is a former model. In her teens, she was briefly signed to Models 1, one of the leading agencies. Essex-born Miss Tandoh, now a philosophy and history of art student at University College London, struggled to impress Bake Off judges Mary Berry and Paul Hollywood at first. This week, however, she was the show’s star baker. Miss Tandoh’s success should please BBC bosses – it will surely help boost the show’s male viewing figures. An average of 5.3m viewers tuned in to watch 38-year-old horticulturalist Lucy Bellamy eliminated from the show on Tuesday evening. The episode attracted a peak audience of 5.9m – 300,000 down from the opening episode last week. Miss Tandoh has told how she was inspired to bake by the ‘rubbish’ cakes often sold on British high streets. An average of 5.3m viewers tuned in to watch 38-year-old horticulturalist Lucy Bellamy eliminated from the show on Tuesday evening . She said recently: ‘I became interested in baking after seeing the cakes in baker shop windows and thinking they were a bit rubbish. ‘I started baking bits and pieces as a teenager. But it wasn’t until I went to university that I really starting to learn more detailed techniques, even though there was only a tiny kitchen. ‘I make such a mess when I bake, which I don’t think my mum was very pleased about when I lived at home, so I had the freedom to make as much mess as I pleased.’ Miss Tandoh was chosen from 10,000 applicants to be one of this year's 13 contestants .
highlights: Great British Bake Off contestant Ruby Tandoh is a former model . She signed for one of the leading agencies as a teenager . She was the star baker on this week's show .
id: dbf0bf45ffa5535b67ea3e8c232de296a3c74df2
chatgpt: Former model turned Great British Bake Off contestant, Ruby Tandoh, has been creating a stir on this year's series of the popular baking show. The 28-year-old Londoner, who signed with a top modelling agency as a teenager, impressed the judges and viewers alike when she was named star baker on this week's episode. Known for her distinct style and bold personality, Tandoh has quickly become one of the most talked-about contestants on this year's show. Despite having no formal baking training, she has consistently wowed judges Paul Hollywood and Prue Leith with her imaginative creations and bold flavour combinations. Tandoh's rise to fame has been a remarkable journey from the catwalk to the kitchen. She found success in the modelling industry at a young age after signing with a leading agency in her teens. However, Tandoh soon grew disillusioned with the industry and eventually quit to pursue her passion for baking. In recent years, Tandoh has made a name for herself as a food writer and chef, with her work appearing in a number of high-profile publications. Her debut book, "Crumb," was released in 2014 to critical acclaim and explored her love of baking and the role it played in her life. Despite her success, Tandoh has faced criticism and backlash from some quarters, with some accusing her of using her modelling background to gain an unfair advantage on the show. However, Tandoh has hit back at these claims, stating that she is "proud" of her past and that it has no bearing on her ability to bake. Regardless of the controversy, Tandoh has won over fans with her creative and delectable bakes, and many are tipping her as a potential winner of this year's Great British Bake Off crown. With her bold flavour combinations and intricate design work, Tandoh is proving to be a formidable contestant and a true culinary talent. As the competition heats up, many will be watching to see what other magic Tandoh and her fellow bakers have up their sleeves. But one thing is for sure, Tandoh's star is set to rise even further beyond the Great British Bake Off tent.