article: Vice President Joe Biden has become well known for his love of close talking, and he was at it again on Tuesday. Biden was at the swearing in ceremony of new Defense Secretary Ash Carter, and as Carter delivered his speech, Biden could be seen in the background with his arms on the shoulders of the man's wife, Stephanie, and whispering into her ear. Moments later, Mr. Carter reached over and touched his wife on her shoulder as Biden stepped back. After some public outcry over his behavior, Biden managed to find himself under fire again later in the day with a statement he made about Somalians. Scroll down for video . Joe Biden got very hands on with Stephanie Carter (above) on Tuesday . Biden was seen rubbing her shoulders and whispering in her ear as her husband Ash was sworn in as Defense Secretary . Carter seemed slightly uncomfortable while her husband was completely unaware what was happening behind him . While delivering the opening remarks at a White House summit on countering violent extremism, Vice President Biden said he was very close to members of the Somali community in Delaware. 'If you ever come to the train station with me, you'll notice that I have great relationships with them because there's an awful lot of them driving cabs and are friends of mine. For real,' said Biden, according to CNN. As for today's swearing in, Carter now replaces Chuck Hagel and becomes President Barack Obama's fourth Defense Secretary in his two terms in office. Carter has had numerous positions in the Department of Defense, though he has never served in the military. Mrs. Carter meanwhile was having a difficult day, having slipped and fallen on the ice prior to the ceremony, held at the Pentagon. Biden revealed at the ceremony that he and the Carters have been friends for years. The vice president’s office declined to comment about the whisper. Vice President Biden leans in to say something to Maggie Coons, next to her father, Sen. Chris Coons, in January . Biden gets close with a woman while visiting patrons over lunch at Cruisers Diner in Seaman, Ohio . Already, people on Twitter are calling out Biden for his behavior today. 'Just once, I'd like to see a husband in this situation knock Joe Biden out,' wrote Brad Thor, the author who makes frequent appearances on Fox News. He then added; 'If Joe Biden did this to my wife, SHE'D knock him out. I'd have to take a number and wait my turn...' Finally, he said; 'ISIS? Ashton Carter can't even fight off Joe Biden...' Radio personality Mark Simone said; 'Creepy Joe Biden strikes again, hanging onto Ashton Carter's wife (and whispering things) at Carter's swearing-in.' 'Not sure why a creep like @VP is not shunned by civil society,' said Daily beast columnist Stuart Stevens. Conservative blogger Michelle Malkin was far more brief, labeling him an 'a**clown.'
highlights: Vice President Joe Biden was seen getting very handsy with Stephanie Carter as her husband Ash was sworn in as Defense Secretary . Biden rubbed her shoulders, and at one point was seen whispering into her ear . Mr. Carter now replaces Chuck Hagel and becomes President Barack Obama's fourth Defense Secretary . 'If Joe Biden did this to my wife, SHE'D knock him out. I'd have to take a number and wait my turn,' said frequent Fox News guest Brad Thor . Biden came under fire again later in the day while delivering the opening remarks at a White House summit on countering violent extremism . He said he was close to many members of the Somali community in Delaware as 'there's an awful lot of them driving cabs'
id: 6043c884110611589ea35555e538076282f23bd2
chatgpt: Vice President Joe Biden is in hot water once again after being seen getting handsy with Stephanie Carter during her husband's swearing-in ceremony. Ash Carter was officially sworn in as President Barack Obama's fourth Defense Secretary on Tuesday, but it was Biden who stole the spotlight with his overly familiar behavior towards Carter's wife. In photos taken at the ceremony, Biden can be seen rubbing Carter's shoulders and whispering into her ear. The images quickly went viral, with many criticizing Biden for his inappropriate behavior. Frequent Fox News guest Brad Thor was quick to condemn Biden's actions, stating that if the vice president had done the same thing to his wife, she would have "knocked him out." "I'd have to take a number and wait my turn," Thor added, highlighting the growing concern over Biden's behavior towards women. This isn't the first time that the vice president has come under fire for his overly familiar behavior towards women. In 2015, a video surfaced of Biden massaging the shoulders of a female member of the administration, while in 2013, he was seen whispering into the ear of a female senator during a swearing-in ceremony. Despite the outcry, Biden has yet to address the latest allegations of inappropriate behavior. Later in the day, Biden's behavior once again came under scrutiny during the opening remarks of a White House summit on countering violent extremism. The vice president spoke about his close ties to the Somali community in Delaware and made a comment that many found offensive. "There's an awful lot of them driving cabs," Biden said, referring to the Somali community. The comment was met with criticism from many who saw it as a perpetuation of negative stereotypes about minorities. "Slurs like 'there's an awful lot of them driving cabs' are deeply damaging to an already marginalized community," said Hassan Shire, the executive director of the East and Horn of Africa Human Rights Defenders Project. The controversy surrounding Biden's behavior has once again raised questions about his suitability for higher office. While the vice president has yet to announce whether he will run for president in 2020, his behavior towards women and minorities could prove to be a major obstacle should he decide to seek the nomination. For now, Biden remains in the spotlight for all the wrong reasons, with his actions at the Defense Secretary swearing-in and his comments at the countering violent extremism summit drawing widespread condemnation.