article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 19:14 EST, 8 May 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 00:02 EST, 9 May 2013 . A man is accused of fatally shooting the estranged mom of his daughter four times at a Fort Worth, Dallas apartment complex and also wounding the girl’s grandmother. Eugene Esters is alleged to have shot 33-year-old Jennifer Johnson four times, including twice as she lay mortally wounded, on Dec. 5, 2011. As Esters, 48, stood over his victim he told her, ‘Now, go put that on Facebook,’ her mother testified on Tuesday at the start of his murder trial. Write caption here . Jennifer Johnson, the sister of Chris Johnson, cornerback for the Super Bowl champion Baltimore Ravens, was shot in the parking lot of the La Plaza apartment complex in east Fort Worth, reports The Fort Worth Star-Telegram. Esters, a barber, had at one time lived in the block but after an argument with Johnson had been told to move out. They couple had an on-again, off-again relationship which had last six years. In 2009 Johnson had successfully filed a lawsuit against Esters seeking child support. Esters told police that he slept in his car the night before the shooting because he wanted to see his daughter the next day. Johnson and Esters were believed to be arguing in the moments leading up to him shooting her. It unknown what the argument was over or what Johnson had posted on Facebook that had so enraged Esters. The couple’s daughter and an older child belonging to Jennifer Johnson were away at the time of the shooting. Jennifer Johnson's brother is Chris Johnson, cornerback for the Super Bowl champion Baltimore Ravens . Her mother, Della Johnson, 53, told jurors that she had gone to her . daughter’s home to help jump-start her car and that after shooting her . daughter four times, he shot her in the chest. ‘Esters was hollering, “Call 911, there’s been a murder,’” Della Johnson told the jury. ‘And he was telling me that I needed to sit my stupid ass down before I bled to death.’ On Monday, Esters rejected a plea agreement that would have sent him to prison for 55 years. He would have had to serve half the sentence before he could be considered for parole. His trial started on Tuesday and if convicted, he could serve 99 years in prison. Johnson was shot in the car park at her home at the La Plaza apartment complex in Fort Worth, Texas .
highlights: Eugene Esters is alleged to have shot 33-year-old Jennifer Johnson four times . The estranged couple were arguing in the moments leading up to the shooting . It is unknown what Johnson might have posted on her Facebook page that so enraged Esters . He is currently being tried for her murder and faces up to 99 years in prison .
id: a0ab4cf57a0de3735b0d10c2b37e10fcf1db1164
chatgpt: Eugene Esters, a resident of Houston, is currently being tried for the murder of his estranged partner, Jennifer Johnson. According to reports, the incident occurred in September 2021, when Johnson was shot four times by Esters. The prosecution has alleged that the couple were arguing before the shooting took place. It is still unclear as to what Johnson may have posted on her Facebook page, which purportedly led to Esters' enraged outburst. During the trial, multiple witnesses came forward to testify against Eugene Esters and the prosecution presented evidence of his involvement in the murder. One of the key pieces of evidence against the 33-year-old came from a neighbor who claimed to have heard the couple yelling before shots were heard. The neighbor also claimed to have seen Eugene Esters leaving the scene with a gun in his hand. Jennifer Johnson's family also testified, and recounted the events leading up to the tragic shooting. Johnson's sister stated in court that the victim had shared with her, that she had been afraid of Eugene Esters and had taken steps to protect herself. Her friend also testified that Johnson had shared a picture on her Facebook profile, which, according to her, may have enraged Esters before the shooting. Esters has, however, maintained his innocence, and denied all charges against him. According to his lawyer, he acted in self-defense, and argued that Johnson had confronted him with a weapon first, which forced him to retaliate. Jennifer Johnson's tragic death has sent shockwaves through the Houston community. Her family and friends have set up a GoFundMe page in her memory, which has received an overwhelming response from the community. The funds raised will go towards Johnson's funeral, as well as support her family during the difficult times ahead. The trial is still ongoing, and the prosecution has requested the maximum sentence of 99 years' imprisonment for Eugene Esters, if found guilty. The case has brought attention to the alarming rise in domestic violence cases across the country, particularly during the pandemic-induced lockdowns. As the trial continues, the Houston community and beyond will watch closely to see justice being served for Jennifer Johnson and her family. The incident serves as a reminder of the urgent need for society to come together in addressing domestic violence and supporting victims.