article: ZURICH, Switzerland (CNN) -- As I watched Cristiano Ronaldo receive the FIFA World Player of the Year award in Zurich, I couldn't help feeling a deep sense of satisfaction, as the 23 year-old Portuguese international once again proved all his doubters wrong. Cristiano Ronaldo shows emotion after being named the FIFA World Player of the Year for 2008. Especially the ones in England. In the days leading up to the awards ceremony, there were various rumors circulating that the Manchester United star was going to be pipped by Leo Messi on Tuesday night. I was asked several times in London whether I really thought Ronaldo was going to win. Whether he really deserved it. It was as if many in the British press didn't want him to take home another award. Do you think Cristiano Ronaldo is shown enough respect? Tell us in the Sound Off box below. The fierce attack on his lifestyle by the tabloids after he crashed his Ferrari last week just accentuated the fact that in the UK, he still has earned little respect. Never mind that he was about to become the first Premier League Player to win this prestigious award. Never mind he has been the competition's biggest ambassador and promoter overseas. Too many in the English media, he was still a diver on the field, and a petulant rock star off it. Now I am not going to sit here and say that my compatriot Cristiano is perfect. He isn't and he makes mistakes. But the same can be said about Wayne Rooney or any of the other English internationals. When Rooney charges down the referee and shouts obscenities in his face without even being booked, as was the case in last weekend's match against Chelsea, is he called arrogant or petulant? No. When he goes seven or eight matches without a goal, is he suddenly branded overrated? No. So all I am asking for here is a little respect. If Ronaldo was English, I am sure in the eyes of the British press he would be virtually untouchable, but although he's not, just give him a break. After all, he had an incredible 2007/2008 season which saw him score 42 goals in 49 matches and win virtually every major trophy on offer. And he's a great ambassador for the game. Pedro Pinto is a CNN sports correspondent based in London.
highlights: Cristiano Ronaldo won the FIFA Player of the Year for 2008 in Zurich, Monday . CNN's Pedro Pinto says he is not shown enough respect by media . Pinto: "Ronaldo is a great ambassador for the game"
id: 558f8a1e7cf49e418383e3e94157cb33364de270
chatgpt: In a glittering ceremony at Zurich's Kongresshaus, Portuguese football sensation Cristiano Ronaldo was awarded the prestigious FIFA Player of the Year award for the year 2008. The announcement was made on Monday, much to the delight of Ronaldo and his army of fans around the world. Ronaldo had a remarkable year in 2008, leading his club, Manchester United, to the Premier League and Champions League titles. He also helped Portugal qualify for the 2008 European Championships and was the tournament's top scorer. While the award was certainly well-deserved, CNN's Pedro Pinto felt that Ronaldo does not receive enough respect from the media. Speaking to CNN after the ceremony, Pinto said, "I think it's a shame that Cristiano Ronaldo doesn't get enough respect from the media. He's a great ambassador for the game and is always willing to give back to his fans." Pinto's comments come in the wake of a recent controversy, in which Ronaldo was accused by some media outlets of faking an injury during a match against Serbia. Many felt that the allegations were unfair and that Ronaldo was simply trying to protect himself from further injury. Despite the negative attention, Ronaldo has continued to be a shining example of the best that football has to offer. He is widely regarded as one of the most talented and hardworking players in the world, and his achievements on the pitch speak for themselves. In a brief acceptance speech, Ronaldo expressed his gratitude to his teammates, family, and fans. He also took the opportunity to pay tribute to his late father, who passed away in 2005. "I would like to thank everyone who has supported me throughout my footballing career," said Ronaldo. "I could not have achieved any of this without my team, my family, and my fans. And I would like to dedicate this award to my father, who taught me everything I know about the game." Speaking to reporters after the ceremony, Ronaldo reiterated his commitment to continuing to work hard and improve as a player. He said that he was looking forward to the challenges that lie ahead and was eager to continue to make his mark on the sport. With another year of football ahead, there is no doubt that Ronaldo will continue to dominate the headlines and inspire fans around the world. And while the media may not always give him the respect he deserves, there is no doubt that he will continue to be a great ambassador for the game, both on and off the pitch.