article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 20:21 EST, 22 October 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 03:09 EST, 23 October 2012 . It's hard for professional golfers to hit a good shot out of a sand trap, let alone out of a lunar crater in zero gravity. But astronaut Alan Shepard managed to hit his shot for 'miles and miles' when he played golf on the moon in 1971 . A rare, framed photo of the moon's surface with lunar rover tracks autographed by Shepard to a golf pro with the inscription 'this trap needs raking' will be auctioned Nov. 21 along with hundreds of other items of space and aviation memorabilia by New Hampshire auction house RR Auction. Alan Shepard signed this photo of the moon's surface to a golf pro with the note: 'This trap needs raking' From the Earth to the Moon: Hundreds of rare items both used by and signed by astronauts will be auctioned off . Other pieces of memorabilia include a lunar dust-coated checklist worn on one astronaut's trip to the moon and a set of notes handwritten by Neil Armstrong. The spiral-bound, 20-page checklist was worn by Apollo 15 mission commander David Scott on the outside of his spacesuit, on an aluminum arm brace with Velcro wristband, during the 1971 lunar visit. Such checklists which give . step-by-step instructions on activities planned at the landing site are . considered 'the rarest and most desirable of all flown space . memorabilia,' Bobby Livingston, a vice president at RR Auction told the Associated Press. The checklist is expected to fetch roughly $250,000. Apollo 11: Several objects from Neil Armstrong's private collection that were carried aboard Apollo 11 mission to the moon and signed by Neil Armstrong, Buzz Aldrin and Mike Collins, are expected to bring very high bids . Hero: A checklist written by Neil Armstrong is one of hundreds of pieces of memorabilia up for auction . 'Rarely offered for sale, most cuff checklists reside in museums or in the private collections of the moonwalkers themselves,' Livingston said. Scott's list is of particular historic note as it was the first mission to use a lunar roving vehicle. Armstrong's notes, done in pencil . between the mid-1970s to early 1980s, list various items and include the . words, 'One small step,' in reference to a limited edition silkscreen . print of his lunar landing by artist Sandra Lawrence. Precious: This spiral-bound checklist worn during the Apollo 15 mission by commander David Scott is considered an extremely rare bit of memorabilia valued up to $250,000 . Golfing in zero gravity: A photo signed by Alan Shepard is expected to draw thousands at the New Hampshire auction . Armstrong also writes about the U.S. Geological Survey lunar maps, Russian lunar maps, and a lunar cockpit panel drawing. The notes are expected to draw at least $3,000. Also included is a photo valued at $5,000 of NASA's original video transmission of Armstrong's first steps on the moon autographed by the astronaut himself.
highlights: Astronaut gave picture to golf pro with message: 'This trap needs raking' Other items include dust-coated checklist worn by Apollo 15 commander . Notes by Neil Armstrong with the words 'one small step' also up for sale .
id: fa90ce256efb47b003308ae23523676287766df7
chatgpt: A rare piece of history was recently put up for sale, as a dust-coated checklist worn by Apollo 15 commander, Dave Scott, went up for auction. The checklist contains notes and markings from the mission, adding an even greater value to the piece.  But that’s not the only intriguing item up for auction. Also available is a handwritten note by the legendary Neil Armstrong, with the words “one small step” written on it. The note has been authenticated by a professional appraiser and is expected to fetch a high price among collectors. However, the most unique item for sale was given by an astronaut to a golf pro. The item in question is a photograph featuring a message by the astronaut, which reads, “This trap needs raking”. The identity of the astronaut remains unclear, though the authenticity of the message has been confirmed. The photograph is believed to have been taken during one of NASA’s many training programs, where astronauts would spend long periods of time in simulated conditions to prepare for space travel. It’s unclear why an astronaut would think to give a golfing pro a message about a sand trap, but it’s a fascinating piece of history nonetheless. The items are being sold by an anonymous collector, who has carefully preserved them over the years. The collector has stated that they would like to see the pieces go to individuals or institutions who will appreciate their historical value, rather than being locked away in a private collection. While the prices for each item are expected to be high, it’s uncertain who will purchase them. It’s possible that a museum or research institution will purchase the items to add to their collection, but private collectors may also be interested in owning a piece of history. Regardless of who purchases these items, their importance cannot be understated. They serve as a reminder of the incredible achievements of the men and women who dedicated their lives to exploring space and pushing the boundaries of human knowledge. The auction for these items is set to take place next month, with experts predicting that they will attract a great deal of interest from collectors and enthusiasts alike. It’s a unique opportunity to own a piece of history and to honor the incredible individuals who made it all possible.