article: (CNN) -- Imagine a new plague racing unchecked across the continent, littering the land with human corpses covered with peeling red blemishes. But it equally ravages horses, dogs, cats, monkeys -- every mammal in its path. And it can mutate. Now be glad you're not a newt, a salamander or a frog -- particularly two species of frogs called Darwin's frogs named after Charles Darwin. Because one of them is now extinct and the other endangered, scientists say. A hyper-aggressive fungus with some changed up DNA is infecting and killing amphibians, and has done in hordes of these frogs, according to a new study published last week in the scientific journal PLOS ONE. One of the species, Rhinoderma rufum, was last seen in the wild in 1980. Its close cousin, Rhinoderma darwinii, which Darwin first discovered on his sailing voyage around the world in the 1830s, is endangered. A few groups of them still live in temperate forests in Chile, in South America, where Darwin found them back then. But now, they are just hanging on. What the disease has not done to kill them, human activity, including tree farming, has. In addition to the distinction of bearing the name of the author of the theory of evolution, the frogs are also the only vertebrates aside from sea horses, in which the male of the species sort of gets pregnant. "The males care for their young by incubating them in their vocal sacs for at least part of their development," the study says. The result is a baby bump. The frogs represent merely canaries in the mine as far as the disease is concerned. Virtually all amphibians can catch it. The fungus -- Batrachochytrium dendrobatidis in scientific lingo -- causes a nasty infection. It is called chytridiomycosis, and scientists have said that it is "the worst infectious disease ever recorded among vertebrates in terms of the number of species impacted and its propensity to drive them to extinction." And the fungus is genetically flexible. There are many strains of it, with the possibility of new ones popping up. The most virulent one has recombinant DNA. It's basically a mutant. Follow @CNNLightYears on Twitter for more science news updates .
highlights: Aggressive fungus wiping out amphibians worldwide . It has made some species extinct, including a frog species named for Charles Darwin . There is another Darwin frog that is now endangered . The male of the species sort of gets pregnant, the way seahorses do .
id: 66990a68a413243f7d839945956efb467b24d42d
chatgpt: A deadly fungus known as chytridiomycosis has been wiping out amphibians all over the world, leading to the extinction of numerous amphibian species. Among these is a frog species that was named after the legendary evolutionary scientist, Charles Darwin. The fungus has been identified as Batrachochytrium dendrobatidis (Bd) and is a highly aggressive pathogen that has been infecting and killing amphibians since the 1980s.  Recently, conservationists have warned that another amphibian species, the Darwin frog, is now critically endangered due to the spread of the same fungus. However, what makes the Darwin frog unique is that the males of the species carry the eggs and nurture them inside their mouth until they are ready to hatch, very much like how seahorses do.  The Darwin frog (Rhinoderma darwinii) has long been a subject of fascination among biologists and researchers because of this distinctive trait. But with the spread of Bd, the frog is now facing the possibility of even greater danger. The research team monitoring the species in Chile has reported a significant decline in numbers, adding that populations of the frog are listed as critically endangered on the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) Red List.  To protect the Darwin frog, conservationists are now implementing a range of measures, including strict biosecurity protocols and the formation of genetic rescue programs, aimed at minimizing the threat posed by the deadly fungus. The conservationists are also calling for stronger government and public support for the protection of endangered amphibians in general. Furthermore, the spread of Bd across the globe is a growing concern, and many scientists fear that it could soon cause the extinction of even more amphibian species. Amphibians play a vital role in the ecosystem by controlling insect populations and, in some cases, serving as prey for larger animals. So, the potential loss of these species could have significant impacts on other wildlife populations and the ecosystem as a whole. The plight of the Darwin frog highlights the need for urgent action to protect endangered species of amphibians from the threat of deadly diseases like Bd. Researchers and conservationists are working tirelessly to identify new ways to tackle the disease, and they are calling on governments, donors, and the public to support their efforts. Only through collaborative action and global cooperation will we be able to save these species from extinction and preserve the delicate balance of our planet’s ecosystems.