article: MEXICO CITY, Mexico (CNN) -- Mexican authorities said they have arrested the leader of a drug cartel that set off two grenades during a public celebration in September, killing eight people and wounding more than 100. Cesar Duarte, president of the federal chamber of deputies, says he supports the government plan on narcotrafficking. Alberto Espinoza Barron, known as "the Strawberry," heads the "Michoacan Family," which operates in the Mexican states of Michoacan and Mexico, authorities said. Officials say the cartel set off the two grenades September 15 in the public plaza in Morelia, the capital of Michoacan. Espinoza Barron's arrest Monday, which officials did not confirm until Tuesday, came just days after Mexican officials arrested an army major assigned to a guard unit protecting Mexican President Felipe Calderon. The army major, Arturo Gonzalez Rodriguez, was paid as much as $100,000 a month for passing information to a drug cartel, officials said after the officer's arrest Friday. Espinoza Barron's arrest by the military as part of its permanent presence in Michoacan came at a time when some are questioning the military's role in the war against narcotics traffickers. "I believe that we need to totally change our strategies since the results have been awful," said Juan Francisco Rivera of the Mexican Commission on National Security. "It's not me who is saying that, because the president himself has recognized it. I don't believe the country is willing to keep committing errors." Others believe that the military, known by the acronym SEDENA, is the only institution capable of confronting organized crime. "The participation by SEDENA is necessary because there is a threat and harm to national security," said Guillermo Velasco, member of an organization called Better Society, Better Government. "It's known that many of the successes have come from the work done by military intelligence and investigation." Amid this debate, the secretary for national defense recently proposed a 60-year prison term for any military member linked to organized crime. "We believe the national defense secretary's position is adequate," said Cesar Duarte, president of the federal chamber of deputies. "We support him with respect to implementing major punishment for elements that are infiltrated or compromised with narcotrafficking." In many parts of the country, narcotraffickers constantly recruit low-level soldiers. The secretary of defense has said that in the past seven years about 100,000 soldiers have quit to join the drug cartels.
highlights: Mexico arrests Alberto Espinoza Barron, known as "the Strawberry" He heads the "Michoacan Family," accused of setting grenades that killed 8 . Some question military's role in the war against narcotics traffickers .
id: 8d7838f8a667e5850ab673a39a7d9fedc2d70044
chatgpt: Mexico has arrested one of the country's most notorious crime bosses, Alberto Espinoza Barron, commonly known as "the Strawberry." Espinoza Barron leads the Michoacan Family, believed to be responsible for a number of violent incidents, including the setting of grenades that left eight people dead. Espinoza Barron's arrest comes amid increasing concern about the military's role in the country's fight against narcotics trafficking. While some have praised the military's efforts, others argue that its tactics are leading to human rights abuses and exacerbating the problem of violence. The Michoacan Family, based in the western state of Michoacan, has been one of the most powerful criminal organizations in the country, known for its involvement in drug trafficking and other illegal activities. The group has been responsible for numerous acts of violence in recent years, including the setting of grenades in a crowded nightclub in 2010 that killed eight people and injured dozens more. The arrest of Espinoza Barron is a significant victory for Mexican authorities, who have been targeting the Michoacan Family for some time. However, the arrest has also refocused attention on the military's tactics in the country's war against drug trafficking. Critics of the military's efforts argue that the use of force has led to widespread human rights abuses, including extrajudicial killings and disappearances. They also point out that the use of military force has failed to alleviate the problem of drug trafficking and has instead fuelled more violence. The Mexican government, on the other hand, has defended its use of military force, arguing that it is necessary to combat the powerful criminal organizations that control much of the country. The government has also pointed to recent successes in targeting major drug traffickers, including the extradition of Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman to the United States. Despite the government's insistence that military force is necessary, many Mexicans remain sceptical. Some have pointed out that the use of the military against drug traffickers has led to increased violence and insecurity in many parts of the country, particularly in areas where criminal organizations hold significant power. In the case of Espinoza Barron and the Michoacan Family, however, the government has scored a major victory. The arrest of a major crime boss is a significant achievement, and it may have a major impact on the Michoacan Family's operations in the coming months and years. Whether this will be enough to ease concerns about the military's role in the war against drug trafficking remains to be seen. But for now, the arrest of one of the country's most feared crime bosses is a significant step forward for Mexican authorities.