article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . A United Airlines flight experienced severe turbulence on Monday afternoon injuring two passengers and three crew members. The flight landed safely and no one was killed. United Flight 1676 was traveling from Denver, Colorado, to Billings, Montana, and reached scream inducing turbulence during it's perilous descent. The descent was so dangerous that the pilot had to declare a medical emergency. SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO . The flight experienced severe turbulence as it was descending towards Billings, Montana . Passenger Bill Dahlin spoke of hearing people scream and of hearing a woman call out for her baby . The Federal Aviation Administration said the pilot, 'declared a medical emergency after a flight attendant was injured by turbulence. The plane landed in Billings without incident.' A United Airlines spokeswoman said the airline would do all that it could to investigate the incident so that it does not occur again. 'Our primary focus is assisting our employees and passengers who were injured, and our flight safety team will review what happened,' the spokeswoman said. CNN reports that there were 114 passengers on board and five crew members. Two passengers and three flight attendants were taken to the hospital and all were treated and released except for one flight attendant. Passenger Bill Dahlin spoke to KTVQ about the frightening experience. 'There was a lot of screaming, a lot of hollering,' Dahlin told the station. 'I was scared,' said passenger Grant who was traveling with his mother Laurel . He said that passengers were surprised by the sudden drop and that the crew was equally troubled. 'I think they were somewhat panicked,' said Dahlin. 'I think they were trying to assess things themselves so they really didn't offer any explanation because of what happened so quickly,' he continued. He explained how one female hit the ceiling of the plane so hard that it cracked. 'I have flown a lot, and I do know you run into things like this,' Dahlin said. 'This [turbulence] happened to be a lot rougher than what I'm accustomed to.' 'The flight crew probably was in the same boat we were,' said Grant's mother Laurel . Passenger Joe Frank, 20, told The Denver Post that the plane dropped violently and he heard a loud bang. He said a baby was propelled out of a parent's arms and landed in a seat nearby, but the infant didn't appear to be hurt. 'I didn't have my seat belt on, so I hit my head pretty hard but what hurts is my lower back and hips,' he said. Ktvq also spoke to a a passenger named Grant who traveled with his mother Laurel. 'I was scared. It was really scary,' said Grant . 'The flight crew probably was in the same boat we were,' said Laurel. The airline will continue to investigate the incident further.
highlights: United Flight 1676 was traveling from . Denver, Colorado, to Billings, Montana, and reached scream inducing . turbulence as it was descending . One passenger recalls hearing a woman call out for her baby child . Another person on the flight hit the ceiling so hard that it cracked . Three Crew members and two passengers were injured - one remains in hospital .
id: 7d72c1446bd7a75b7c045048efbff6f56000093d
chatgpt: A United Airlines flight that was bound for Billings, Montana from Denver, Colorado experienced intense turbulence as it was descending, leaving several people injured. Reports indicate that the turbulence was so violent that it caused a passenger to hit the ceiling with such a force that it cracked. According to one witness, the sound was so loud that it sent chills down the spine of everyone onboard. The incident happened on Flight 1676, which had 114 passengers and five crew members on board. Passengers were preparing to land at Billings Logan International Airport when the incident occurred, which lasted for several minutes. A passenger who was seated approximately two rows away from the man who hit the ceiling recalls hearing a woman call out for her baby. The turbulence was so extreme that it caused the woman to lose grip of the infant, and the child was tossed into the air before the flight attendant caught him. The flight crew responded promptly by asking passengers to fasten their seat belts and turning on the "fasten your seat belt" sign. In a statement issued by United Airlines after the incident, they confirmed that three crew members and two passengers were injured. One of the passengers who sustained serious injuries remains in the hospital. The injured crew members and passengers were rushed to a nearby hospital, where they received medical attention. The aircraft, which had suffered minor damages, was also evaluated by engineers from United Airlines, and it was cleared for the flight to continue. The airline also sent a replacement aircraft to Billings to take the uninjured passengers to their final destination. This latest incident has once again brought to the fore, the issue of aviation safety. As air travel becomes more affordable, the number of people traveling in planes has increased significantly. However, with that increase comes the risk of accidents, including turbulence. The Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) has set guidelines for airlines to follow regarding turbulence. For instance, pilots are expected to avoid areas of turbulence or adjust the altitude of the plane to minimize the effects of turbulence. Passengers are also advised to always wear their seatbelts, even when the "fasten your seat belt" sign is turned off. In the event of turbulence, passengers are advised to remain seated and buckle up. In conclusion, the turbulence experienced on United Flight 1676 has once again underscored the importance of passenger safety. It's important for airlines to adhere to the FAA's guidelines to prevent accidents, and passengers must remain vigilant by wearing their seatbelts and following all safety instructions from the flight crew.