article: SYDNEY, Australia -- Eamon Sullivan regained the 50-meter freestyle world record with a 21.41 seconds swim at the Australian Olympic trials in Sydney. Sullivan had lost his 50m freestyle record to Frenchman Alain Bernard four days ago. He took the record back from Frenchman Alain Bernard, who recorded  21.50 seconds at the European championships four days ago. Sullivan had held the record with 21.56, set in Sydney in February. After missing out on Bernard's 100m record late on Wednesday, Sullivan said he hoped to improve his 50m time in Friday's final. "I came in a bit more relaxed tonight, having got the 100m final out of the way last night and getting into the team for Beijing. "It's sweet to get the record back off Alain after missing out on the 100m world record last night and after he broke the 50m record so quickly after I did it. "I know I have another swim left so there's always another chance. I hope I can go faster in the final, but I like to think I can take a couple of a hundredths of a second leading into a final, so we'll see." Sullivan missed Bernard's 100m world record by just two-hundredths of a second in qualifying in 47.52 seconds for the Olympics. Libby Trickett broke the women's 100m freestyle world record with a 52.88 seconds swim. Trickett, formerly Libby Lenton and competing for the first time under her married name, beat the 53.30 mark set by Germany's Britta Steffen in Budapest on August 2, 2006. It is the second time Trickett has broken the 53-second barrier, but her previous time of 52.99 at the Duel in the Pool in Sydney last year was not ratified by  FINA because she was swimming against American superstar Michael Phelps. "I can't tell you how much I wanted to break that record ever since doing it in the Duel in the Pool in April last year. I just wanted it so badly," Trickett said. "To see it officially up there on the scoreboard is just amazing. All my events are very important to me, but the 100m freestyle holds a special place in my heart and to know that four years ago I was going 0.8 seconds off, that is just awesome." "I've come so far, it's been an amazing journey, but I am just so happy to be part of this team. We have some fantastic girls coming through and it's going to be great for our relay team." E-mail to a friend .
highlights: Eamon Sullivan regains the 50-meter world freestyle record in Sydney . Sullivan sets the new mark of 21.41 seconds in the Australian Olympic trials . Frenchman Alain Bernard recorded a time of 21.50 seconds four days earlier .
id: db73dc3466e4e92672d716c1eb2ac9430ac69951
chatgpt: Sydney, Australia - Eamon Sullivan, the Australian swimming star, has once again emerged as the world record holder of the men's 50-meter freestyle, setting a new mark of 21.41 seconds in the Australian Olympic trials held in Sydney. Sullivan reclaimed the title from the Frenchman Alain Bernard, who broke the record with a time of 21.50 seconds only four days earlier. However, Sullivan managed to beat the Frenchman by 0.09 seconds, demonstrating his determination to hold onto the title that he had previously won in 2008. The win was a fitting reward for Sullivan, who has been forced to deal with a number of serious injuries and setbacks over his career. Speaking to reporters after the event, Sullivan admitted that regaining the world record was something he had dreamed of for a long time. "This is the best feeling in the world," he said. "I've had a lot of ups and downs over the years, but this is what makes it all worth it." The 32-year-old Sullivan, who retired from competition in 2016, is widely regarded as one of the greatest swimmers in Australian history. He has represented Australia in multiple Olympic and Commonwealth Games and has won numerous medals at the international level. Sullivan's dedication and hard work have been an inspiration to many aspiring swimmers, particularly in Australia, where he is considered a national hero. "Eamon represents the very best of Australian sport," said Australian Olympic Committee President John Coates. "He is a true champion and an inspiration to all those who aspire to greatness." The Australian Olympic trials were seen as a crucial warm-up event for the Tokyo Olympics, which were postponed to 2021 due to the COVID-19 pandemic. With his impressive performance, Sullivan has now set himself up as one of the leading contenders for gold in the 50-meter freestyle at the Tokyo Games. Despite his success, Sullivan has remained humble and focused on the task ahead. "My goal is to keep working hard and keep improving," he said. "I know there are many talented swimmers out there, but I believe in myself and my ability to compete at the highest level." As Australian swimming fans celebrate Sullivan's incredible achievement, the rest of the world will be eagerly watching to see what he does next. If his performance at the Australian Olympic trials is anything to go by, he is a force to be reckoned with and will continue to inspire generations of swimmers for years to come.