article: Break the cycle: Northants PCC Adam Simmonds claims the plan will help reoffenders stop crime . Feckless families should be put through ‘two years of hell’ in boot camps to turn their lives around, a crime tsar has urged. Layabout parents – like the characters in hit TV show Shameless – would undergo an ‘intensive’ programme to keep them out of crime and unemployment, says Adam Simmonds, Police and Crime Commissioner (PCC) for Northamptonshire. He said derelict Army bases could be used to house them while they were taught basic household skills, ordered to stop drinking and smoking, and given basic job training. Their children, meanwhile, would be educated properly. ‘You’ve got to break the cycle, tackle that poverty of ambition,’ Mr Simmonds told The Mail on Sunday. The PCC – whose pioneering plan to merge police and fire services won praise from Home Secretary Theresa May – insists his idea would be cheaper than repeatedly sending career criminals to jail and taking their offspring into care. An adult prison place costs £40,000 a year while it costs an estimated £140,000 a year to keep a young person in a children’s home. The Tory PCC said that in Kettering, Northants, police believe that just ten families are responsible for the majority of burglaries. He added: ‘The kids don’t go to school, none of them are in work. They cause the bulk of the problem – they go to prison, come out, generation after generation. ‘I’d like to take them out of Kettering, put them somewhere else to retrain the family. ‘We’ve got to be more radical than sending social workers to get mum and dad out of bed. Sending them to prison hasn’t worked so what else do you do?’ Under his plan, the most troubled . households would be told they could escape the cycle of reoffending and . unemployment by agreeing to go into a new residential programme. Disused Army bases would be redeveloped to house the families. He added: ‘The people who run this are going to put them through hell for two years. Layabouts: The hit TV show followed benefit scroungers. Plans would put people like this on a work programme . ‘There’s something in the idea of discipline, doing it in a different location and doing it as a family. Tell the man, you’re going to get up, have breakfast, go for a run, quit smoking and drinking.’ But criminal justice expert Harry Fletcher said: ‘It would be extremely difficult to administer and manage, and it may run counter to the European Convention on Human Rights.’ The Tory Government of the 1990s introduced boot camps for young offenders but research suggested they did not cut reoffending and were too costly.
highlights: Disused Army bases would be redeveloped into housing for families . They would be on intensive programme to stay out of crime and in work . Northamptonshire PCC Adam Simmonds claims it will 'break the cycle'
id: c37f54afaf80246cdb5444b9bb4780de624910cb
chatgpt: In a bid to tackle crime and provide much-needed housing for families, disused Army bases across the UK are set to be redeveloped. The project will see these abandoned military sites transformed into residential areas for communities to thrive, with a focus on keeping residents crime-free and employed. Northamptonshire Police and Crime Commissioner (PCC), Adam Simmonds, has been instrumental in driving forward the plans. According to Simmonds, the aim of the initiative is to "break the cycle" where individuals fall into a life of crime due to a lack of opportunities. The intensive programme will provide training and employment opportunities for residents, such as construction jobs and apprenticeships. This will ensure that they are equipped with the skills needed to secure sustainable employment, break the cycle of poverty and prevent criminality. In addition, a range of support services will be provided through social enterprises, charities and housing associations. These services will be designed to help residents combat issues such as addiction, mental health and financial difficulties. By supporting individuals and families, the project aims to create a positive cycle where communities can thrive and crime is reduced. Simmonds states that the project has the potential to revolutionize the way in which we approach housing and crime prevention in the UK. Speaking about the project, he said, "This is all about creating sustainable communities where people can fulfil their potential and live productive, happy lives. By providing employment opportunities and support services, we can break the cycle of poverty and crime." Looking ahead, the project has the potential to be rolled out across the UK, providing an innovative approach to tackling crime and housing shortages. The government has already shown support for the initiative, with Simon Clarke, Minister for Housing, Communities and Local Government, commenting that the project has "enormous potential" to transform disused sites into thriving communities. The project will take time to come to fruition, given the scale of the redevelopment required. However, it is clear that the initiative has the potential to make a huge difference in the lives of individuals and families across the country. By providing training, employment, and support services to residents living in these areas, the project aims to create positive communities where crime is reduced, and individuals can flourish. With the support of government and local councils, the redevelopment of disused Army bases is set to be a powerful tool in addressing housing shortages and crime.