article: (CNN) -- Honduras suspended diplomatic relations with Argentina on Tuesday in retaliation for having its ambassador expelled from Argentina last week. Riot police stand in front of marchers supporting ousted Honduran President Manuel Zelaya on Tuesday. The move stems from tensions between the two countries over a June 28 military-led coup in which Honduran President Jose Manuel Zelaya was replaced by congressional leader Roberto Micheletti. When Honduran Ambassador Carmen Eleonora Ortez Williams, who had been appointed by Zelaya, did not protest the coup, Argentina took exception. Most countries in the world -- as well as the United Nations, the Organization of American States and the European Union -- have denounced the coup and demanded that Zelaya be restored to power. Those nations still consider Zelaya president and do not recognize any officials from Micheletti's government or any functionaries who support him. Argentina asked Ortez to leave last week "for supporting the de facto government of Roberto Micheletti." On Tuesday, Honduras suspended relations with Argentina and asked the South American nation's diplomats to leave within 72 hours. Honduras' relations with Argentina will be "channeled" though the Argentine embassy in Israel, said a release issued in Tegucigalpa, the Honduran capital. "With regards to Argentine personnel stationed in Tegucigalpa and who are finishing their functions in Honduras, they will be granted, based on the principle of strictest reciprocity, the same treatment, time and facilities that was conceded to Honduran functionaries accredited in Argentina," the Honduran release said. The Honduran political crisis stems from Zelaya's desire to hold a referendum that could have led to extending term limits by changing the constitution, despite the country's congress having outlawed the vote and the supreme court having ruled it illegal. Zelaya vowed to hold the vote anyway but was ousted before the voting started. The congress named Micheletti provisional president shortly after Zelaya was detained by the military and sent into exile. Micheletti said Zelaya was not overthrown in a coup, but rather removed from power through constitutional means.
highlights: Honduras takes action after its ambassador is expelled from Argentina . Argentina ousted ambassador because she backed new Honduras government . Argentina among nations demanding that ousted Honduran president be restored . Honduran President Jose Manuel Zelaya ousted in military coup in June .
id: ec092be437a0d63e6f55f8c445eb069d932088a5
chatgpt: Honduras has taken action after its ambassador to Argentina was expelled from the South American nation. The expulsion was triggered by the ambassador's vocal support of the new Honduras government. Argentina is one of several countries that has called for the return of Honduras' ousted President Jose Manuel Zelaya, who was overthrown in a military coup in June. The diplomatic incident has put a strain on the already fragile relationship between Honduras and Argentina. In response, Honduras has expelled the Argentine ambassador in a tit-for-tat move. The Honduran government has also ordered several Argentine officials to leave the country within 72 hours. The move signals a hardening stance by Honduras towards Argentina, which has been a vocal critic of the country's recent political developments. Argentina has been one of the most vocal supporters of ousted President Zelaya and has consistently demanded his return to power. Zelaya was ousted in a military coup in June of this year, and his removal sparked outrage around the world. Many countries, including Argentina, have refused to recognize the new Honduras government that replaced Zelaya. They argue that the new government is illegitimate and that Zelaya should be reinstated. The political crisis in Honduras has been ongoing since the coup in June. The country has been wracked by protests and violence, and the international community has struggled to find a solution to the crisis. The latest move by Honduras to expel the Argentine ambassador is likely to add fuel to the fire. The two countries have had a long and complex relationship, and the recent diplomatic spat threatens to make matters worse. The situation in Honduras is far from resolved, and the country remains deeply divided. The international community must continue to work towards a peaceful resolution to the crisis, and the expulsion of diplomats is an unwelcome distraction from this goal.