article: Unhappy: Sir Jonathan Miller says he is 'ashamed' to be helping his grandchildren through private education . Socialist Sir Jonathan Miller has admitted being 'ashamed' that he is supporting his grandchildren through private school. In a war of words with his own son William, the renowned theatre director said the decision was made to ensure they got a good education. Sir Jonathan added he was furious about 'belonging to a society which makes such as sharp distinction' between Britain's rich and poor. There was 'something deeply malignant about a structure which makes it necessary to make these invidious choices,' he said. He sent his own children to state schools but his son William called the decision a 'cavalier social experiment'. William has sent his own children into private education, which Sir Jonathan says he is contributing towards. 'I do give them a little bit just to ensure there is some sort of . security, but I feel rather ashamed of it and I feel ashamed of . belonging to a society which makes such a sharp distinction between the . prosperous and the assured, whose future is guaranteed, and those who . are not,' Sir Jonathan told the Sunday Times this week. 'It all ought to be state education. It’s part and parcel of . this profound and malignant separation of the prosperous from the poor. 'People who have huge amounts of can afford to wrap their children in . all sorts of protective educational devices which guarantee that they . will become like their parents.' Education: Sir Jonathan went to the prestigious St Paul's School and then Cambridge University, pictured . William Miller claims that he and his . two siblings would have fared better had they been sent to public . schools and Oxbridge, like their parents, but instead they were sent to . state schools to appease the couple's socialist principals. Wrong: Son of Sir Jonathan Miller, William, said his parents put him through state school as some sort of 'social experiment' 'It . turned out to be a cavalier social experiment that saw all three of his . children fail to gain a single qualification. He is right to feel . guilty: it was a wholly avoidable disaster,' he wrote in 2009. Miller grew up near London's Regent's Park where his parents' neighbours were intellectuals including Alan Bennett, George Melly, Shirley Conran and AJ Ayer. He started school at Primrose Hill state primary in 1969 and went on to Pimlico comprehensive in 1975. He says: 'If you were to ask me what I remember about learning, I think I could just about recall that the Romans long baths and hated the Scots.' But Sir Jonathan himself went to the prestigious St Paul's School in London and then on to Cambridge University. 'One wants to have freedom of choice – it is a very important thing – but there is something deeply malignant about a structure which makes it necessary to make these invidious choices to guarantee your children are enveloped in protected devices,' he said.
highlights: The theatre director went to the prestigious St Paul's School but sent his own children into state education . But his son William called it a 'social experiment' by his parents so is sending his own children private . Sir Jonathan admits he is helping fund it, but calls education system 'malignant'
id: 35bdb23ae2ea15138713a7ec32958b4843817d56
chatgpt: Sir Jonathan Miller, the renowned theatre director who himself attended the prestigious St Paul's School, has made a statement about his decision to send his children to state education. While he acknowledges that many parents would be reluctant to do so, he calls the British education system "malignant" and believes that private schools do more harm than good. Miller has been a vocal critic of private schools throughout his career, arguing that they reinforce class divisions and create a culture of entitlement among the wealthy. He believes that a truly merit-based education system would be one where everyone attends state schools. Despite his beliefs, he acknowledges that his decision to send his own children to state schools was met with surprise by some. His son, William, even referred to it as a "social experiment" by his parents. Now, in a further twist, Sir Jonathan has revealed that William has decided to send his own children to private school. While he admits to helping fund this decision, he argues that it is not inconsistent with his belief in the need for a better education system overall. Speaking to the Guardian, Sir Jonathan said, "I've always been critical of private schools, but I'm not going to be hypocritical and say that I wouldn't take the opportunity to help my own family." He went on to argue that the education system in Britain is broken, and that it needs to change before anyone's children can truly receive a fair and equal chance at success. The issue of private schools has long been a contentious one in Britain, with many parents feeling that they have no choice but to pay for their children to attend the best schools. Challengers like Sir Jonathan argue that this perpetuates class divisions and creates a system in which only the wealthy have access to the best opportunities. In recent years, there has been a growing movement to address this issue, with some politicians even calling for an end to private schools altogether. While this proposal is unlikely to be implemented any time soon, it highlights the growing concern about education inequality in Britain. Sir Jonathan's decision to help fund his grandchildren's education at private schools may seem contradictory to his earlier stance on the issue. However, he argues that he is simply doing what any loving grandparent would do – trying to provide the best possible future for their family. Ultimately, the issue of private schools in Britain is a complex one with no easy solutions. However, voices like Sir Jonathan's remind us that there are many different perspectives to consider, and that we must continue to have an open and honest dialogue about the future of education in our country.