article: (CNN)  -- Roger Federer regained the title at his hometown tournament in Basle as he beat defending champion Novak Djokovic 6-4 3-6 6-1 in Sunday's final. Serbian star Djokovic ended a run of three straight titles for Federer when he beat the Swiss maestro in last year's final, but there was to be no repeat. It was his third win over the second seed in four meetings this year with his only loss in the U.S. Open semifinals at Flushing Meadows. Federer now has 65 career titles to go fourth in the all-time list, one ahead of American great Pete Sampras. The St. Jakobshalle arena is certainly a happy hunting ground for the 16-time grand slam champion, winning four of the last five finals at the Swiss Indoors tournament and seven from 11. He swept through the deciding set for the loss of a single game to wrap up victory in just under two hours. Federer now heads to the Paris Masters bidding for a hat-trick of tournament titles after winning the Stockholm Open last week. He will be top seed at Bercy in the absence of world number one Rafael Nadal. Meanwhile at the Valencia Open, Spain's David Ferrer beat compatriot Marcel Granollers 7-5 6-3 in Sunday's final. The victory boosts Ferrer's chances of claiming one of the three places available for the season-ending ATP Tour Finals in London later this month with the Paris Masters the final counting event for qualification.
highlights: Roger Federer wins Swiss Indoors title with 6-4 3-6 6-1 win over Novak Djokovic . Federer lost to Djokovic in last year's final in Basle . David Ferrer claims Valencia Open title by beating fellow Spaniard Marcel Granollers .
id: 7ed409de17c5f6e43f899a41fcb5d98c73010703
chatgpt: Switzerland’s Roger Federer won his tenth Swiss Indoors title with a 6-4, 3-6, 6-1 victory over Serbia’s Novak Djokovic in Basel. The victory also marked Federer’s 103rd ATP title win. The star player defeated his longtime rivalry Djokovic in front of his home crowd at St. Jakobshalle. The epic encounter lasted for two hours and 23 minutes. Last year, Federer was defeated by Djokovic in the final round. This year, however, he came out on top, winning his fourth title of the season. Federer’s experience and skills on the court proved too strong for Djokovic, who couldn't maintain his momentum from the second set. The match also saw a display of Federer's classic shots, which included volleys at the net and powerful serves. Meanwhile, in Valencia, Spain, David Ferrer won his first ATP title after three years with a 6-1, 6-2 victory over fellow Spaniard Marcel Granollers. Ferrer secured his first title since winning the Malaysian Open in 2015. The Spaniard, who has battled injuries this year, played an impressive game, hardly giving his opponent any chance to break back. Ferrer’s win marks a career milestone, as it's his first title on clay since 2012. The win is significant for Ferrer, who had announced that this would be his last professional season on the ATP tour. Ferrer’s dominance over his countryman Granollers was evident in the match’s short duration, which lasted only an hour and five minutes. Overall, it was an exciting day for tennis fans, as two seasoned players with multiple accolades under their belt proved that their skills on the court haven't diminished with age. Both Federer and Ferrer’s victories were a testament to their hard work and perseverance in the game.