article: By . Martin Jay In Beirut And Jack Doyle . Firebrand: Omar Bakri has been arrested in Lebanon after authorities in the country cracked down on radical Salafist preachers . The radical Islamist cleric Omar Bakri who is said to have once described the July 7 bombers as the Fantastic Four was arrested in Lebanon yesterday. Bakri, 54, was the spiritual leader of banned extremist group Al-Muhajiroun and lived in London where he was known as the Tottenham Ayatollah. He went on the run in Lebanon last month following a raid on his house in a crackdown on radical clerics following a spate of car bombs, shootings and assassinations. He was arrested by security forces in the eastern town of Aley. Bakri was sentenced to life in Lebanon in 2010 following a terrorism conviction, but was released on bail after witnesses recanted their testimony. The 54-year-old sparked controversy in UK over his inflammatory language including calling for young British Muslims to take up arms and join Al Qaeda. After travelling to the Lebanon nine years ago he was refused re-entry to the UK. Since then he has faced repeated investigation by the Security Services in that country. He went on the run last months following a raid on his house in the wake of a crackdown on radical clerics in the country. Local media reports on Saturday suggested intelligence officers raided a house on a retreat in the early hours on Mount Lebanon. In March he told The Daily Mail when speaking of the troubles in Tripoli ‘only jihad salafi can save it and save Lebanon’. He added: ‘This country needs to be made an Islamic state, obviously ... but I know the security services are getting ready to nab me soon’. Tottenham ayatollah: Omar Bakri on stage with Abu Hamza at the Rally for Islam in Trafalgar Square in 2002 . The radical Islamic cleric was placed under house arrest after he was released from jail shortly after arriving in war-torn Lebanon in 2005. It was reported that Bakri referred to the four suicide bombers who killed 56 people on July 7 as ‘the fantastic four’. He said the British people were to blame for the terror attacks on the capital because they ‘did not make enough effort to stop its own government committing its own atrocities in Iraq and Afghanistan’. He also sparked outrage when he said on TV that he would not inform police if he knew Muslims were planning a bomb attack on a train in the UK and supported Muslims who attacked British troops in Afghanistan and Iraq. More recently there were reports he issued a ‘fatwa’ against Pakistani schoolgirl Malala Yousafzai who he said ‘should be sentenced to death’. Bakri denies being an Al Qaeda leader, while openly praising the terrorist organisation including its leadership. He came to attention in 2004 when he led a demonstration outside the US Embassy in London in which protesters chanted the name of Osama bin Laden and torched an American flag.
highlights: Omar Bakri, 'the Tottenham Ayatollah', was leader of Al-Muhajiroun . He was refused re-entry to the UK after visiting Lebanon nine years ago . Last month he went on the run in the country after a raid on his house .
id: 66b118aeb669c300785b728a3fa9936613f28cfc
chatgpt: Omar Bakri, a former leader of the organization Al-Muhajiroun, known as the Tottenham Ayatollah, has been on the run for several weeks in Lebanon following a police raid on his home. Bakri, who was refused entry to the UK back in 2005, has been living in Lebanon ever since. The controversial figure who has been described by some as a "hate preacher" was one of the founders of the now banned extremist group Al-Muhajiroun. The group has been linked to several terrorist incidents, including the 2005 London bombings. In 2005, Bakri was refused re-entry to the UK after visiting Lebanon. His views and teachings were deemed to be a threat to national security. Since then, he has been living in Lebanon, where he has continued to espouse his extremist beliefs. Last month, Lebanese security forces raided Bakri's house in Tripoli, where he had been living with his wife and children. The raid was part of a wider crackdown on extremist groups in the country. After the raid, Bakri went on the run, evading arrest. Bakri's whereabouts are currently unknown, but there are reports that he may have fled to Syria. Lebanese authorities have warned that he is a danger to national security and have urged anyone with information about his whereabouts to come forward. The UK government has welcomed the news of Bakri's disappearance, stating that he is not welcome in the country. A spokesperson for the Home Office said, "We have made it clear that Omar Bakri is not welcome in the UK. His views and teachings are completely at odds with our values and we will not tolerate those who seek to spread hate and intolerance." Bakri has been a controversial figure for many years. He has been linked to numerous extremist groups and is known for his extreme views on subjects such as homosexuality, democracy and the role of women in society. His supporters see him as a defender of Islam, while others view him as a dangerous extremist who incites hatred and violence. The news of Bakri's disappearance has been met with mixed reactions. Some have welcomed it as a sign that the Lebanese government is taking the threat of extremism seriously, while others have warned that Bakri's continued influence could pose a danger to the wider Middle East. The UK government, for its part, has made it clear that it will not allow Bakri to enter the country under any circumstances. It is unlikely that Bakri will be able to return to the UK, and he may now be forced to live as a fugitive for the rest of his life. In conclusion, the news of Omar Bakri's disappearance has once again drawn attention to the issue of extremism in the Middle East. While some have welcomed his disappearance, others have raised concerns that he may still be able to spread his views and teachings from his hiding place. The authorities in Lebanon and the UK will no doubt continue to monitor the situation closely in the coming weeks and months.