article: (CNN) -- The government of Argentina's capital will not appeal a court decision this week that legalizes same-sex marriage, Buenos Aires Mayor Mauricio Macri said Friday. The court ruled that two articles in the city's civil code that say only people of different sexes can get married are illegal. The court decision applies only to Buenos Aires. Same-sex unions in most of the rest of Argentina remain illegal. The legal challenge was initiated by a gay couple, Alejandro Freyre and Jose Maria Di Bello. Judge Gabriela Seijas ordered the city's civil registry department to honor their union. "The law should treat each person with equal respect in relation to each person's singularities without the need to understand or regulate them," the judge said in her ruling. The city code prevents people from "enjoying the rights that couples who enter into matrimony are entitled to," she said. Those rights include inheritances, pensions and the ability to make decisions for the other person when he or she is incapacitated. Macri called the ruling a "very important step," adding that "we have to live together and accept reality. ... The world is headed in that direction." His decision was not easy, Macri said. Many people wanted him to appeal. "I had an important internal debate, weighing my upbringing with my search for the best customs and best liberties for society," he said in a videotaped message on his Facebook page. "What we have to learn is to live in liberty without violating the rights of others," he said. Macri likened the current debate over same-sex marriage to a similar discourse years ago. "It's the same as happened with divorce several decades ago -- a very intense debate. And today it is something very natural," the mayor said. Judge Seijas issued the ruling Wednesday but it did not become public knowledge until Thursday, when it was posted on the court's Web site. Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador and Uruguay are also addressing the issue of same-sex civil unions.
highlights: Civil code that says only people of different sexes can get married is illegal, court rules . Decision applies only to Buenos Aires; same-sex unions in most of Argentina remain illegal . "What we have to learn is to live in liberty without violating the rights of others," mayor says .
id: 7e6f6cec3d804d70ac65d94c440590897386cd24
chatgpt: In a landmark ruling, a court in Buenos Aires has declared that a Civil Code stating that only people of different sexes can get married is illegal. This decision is set to pave the way for same-sex couples to legally tie the knot in the city. However, same-sex unions in most parts of Argentina still remain illegal. The ruling comes after a campaign led by a group of activists who argued that the Civil Code violated the rights of many citizens. The court agreed, stating that the legislation was discriminatory and a violation of human rights. The Mayor of Buenos Aires has hailed the decision but warned that more work needs to be done to ensure equal rights for all. "What we have to learn is to live in liberty without violating the rights of others," the mayor said in a statement. "This is a step forward, but there is still much work to be done to ensure that everyone has the same rights and opportunities." The ruling in Buenos Aires is significant because it is the first time that a court in Argentina has recognized the rights of same-sex couples. However, it only applies to the city and does not change the laws in other parts of the country. Argentina was one of the first countries in the world to legalize same-sex marriage, in 2010. However, this legislation only applied to the capital city, Buenos Aires, and a few other regions. Same-sex unions are still not recognized in most parts of the country. Many people in Argentina have been calling for the standardization of marriage laws across the country. This latest ruling is seen as a positive step in this direction. "This decision sends a strong message to all people in Argentina that discrimination against same-sex couples is not acceptable," a spokesperson for the campaigners said in a statement. The ruling could also have implications for other countries in the region, which still have laws that discriminate against same-sex couples. It is hoped that this decision will encourage other countries to follow suit and recognize the rights of all citizens, regardless of sexual orientation.