article: By . Jack Doyle . Prescription drug addicts are abusing the NHS to feed their habits by ‘doctor shopping’ around different GP surgeries, MPs warn today. The Home Affairs Committee report revealed as many as 1.5million people are addicted to prescription drugs in the UK. It found fears many visit multiple GP practices to secure drugs and feed their habit. Among the most popular are painkillers such as diazepam and Tramadol. Diazepam: Drug addicts are feeding their addiction by 'doctor shopping' at different surgeries . The committee urged GPs to start collecting data on patients they suspect are hooked on prescribed drugs so the problem can be combated. They warned of ‘catastrophic consequences’ if nothing was done. Committee chairman Keith Vaz said: ‘There are currently 1.5 million people addicted to prescription drugs in the UK. ‘The abuse of these types of substances is taking place in the shadows and its extent is still unquantified. ‘Local GPs need to report their suspicions and collate information to illuminate this problem.’ Data should be made anonymous to ensure patient confidentiality is protected, the report said. The cross-party group of MPs concluded: ‘We recommend that medical practices start an anonymous data collection of those patients who have been proven to be, or a medical professional has reasonable suspicion of being, addicted to prescription drugs and how they are being supplied.’ The report also warned that GPs nurses and other health staff could escape prosecution even if they illegally supply prescription drugs. Dr Chaand Nagpaul, chairman of the British Medical Association’s GP committee said: ‘GPs already play a key role in treating patients in the community suffering from the impact of drug addiction. ‘It is a devastating medical condition that ruins lives, families and communities and it is right that we continuously look at how we can improve drug addiction treatment. ‘However, the identification of individuals addicted to prescription drugs is not straight forward and whilst we should do all we can to support their withdrawal from such drugs, we also need to ensure that patients are confident that their sensitive personal data will remain secure.’ Legal highs: Legal high abuse is more significant in suburban and rural areas . Deaths from the drugs - which mimic the effects of banned substances like cocaine and ecstasy but are designed to stay outside the law - have increased by 80 per cent in just a year. The report warned the problem will get worse and new drugs will continue to emerge unless ‘immediate action’ is taken. Legal high abuse is more significant in suburban and rural areas, it warned - and called for tougher action to target suppliers. Ministers have launched a review of the laws governing legal highs.
highlights: Drug addicts are feeding addiction by 'doctor shopping' at surgeries . Home Affairs Committee report revealed 1.5million addicts . Most popular are painkillers such as diazepam and Tramadol .
id: c7a1a799e2600b0001485bb1af8e90d35ccee63b
chatgpt: A new report has shown that drug addicts in the UK are exploiting a loophole in the healthcare system. By visiting multiple doctors and surgeries, addicts are able to obtain multiple prescriptions for drugs that they are addicted to, feeding their addiction and potentially putting their health at risk. The report, published by the Home Affairs Committee, revealed that there are approximately 1.5 million people in the UK who are addicted to drugs. The report also revealed that the most commonly abused drugs are painkillers, such as diazepam and Tramadol. The process of "doctor shopping" involves visiting multiple doctors and surgeries to obtain multiple prescriptions for the same drug. This is made possible due to the fact that different doctors may not be aware of prescriptions that have been issued by other doctors. This practice is not only dangerous, but it can also be illegal. The report suggests that there needs to be better sharing of information between healthcare providers in order to tackle the issue of doctor shopping. This could involve the creation of a centralised database that contains information about all prescriptions that have been issued to an individual. The report also recommends that doctors and healthcare providers receive more training on how to identify potential addicts and how to manage addiction. This could include the use of alternative treatments, such as cognitive behavioural therapy and detoxification programmes. The report has highlighted the need for greater awareness and understanding of the issue of drug addiction in the UK. It is important to recognise that drug addiction is a complex problem that requires a multi-faceted approach. This includes not only improved healthcare provision and information sharing, but also increased support for those who are addicted and their families. The government has pledged to take action to tackle the issue of drug addiction in the UK. This includes increased funding for addiction treatment services and greater support for those affected by addiction. The report concludes that there needs to be a coordinated and strategic approach to tackling the issue of drug addiction in the UK. This includes working with healthcare providers, support organisations, and government agencies to develop a comprehensive and effective response. Only by working together can we hope to successfully tackle this complex problem and provide support and care to those affected by addiction.