article: (CNN) -- A whistle-blowing Russian lawyer whose death in custody strained U.S.-Russia relations was posthumously convicted in a tax case in a Moscow district court Thursday, state-run legal news agency RAPSI reported. Sergei Magnitsky was convicted of tax evasion -- a verdict that comes after he died in 2009 in a Moscow detention center. The United States alleges Magnitsky was beaten to death in detention, a claim that Russian authorities reject. Magnitsky's 2008 arrest and tax charges came after he uncovered Russia's largest known tax fraud in the form of rebates claimed by government officials who stole money from the state. The U.S. State Department believes Magnitsky was persecuted because he "was blowing the whistle of confiscation of private assets and misuse of private assets," a State Department official said in a background briefing with reporters earlier this year. U.S. lawmakers responded to Magnitsky's death by passing the December 2012 Magnitsky Act, a law that imposes visa bans on and freezes the assets of 16 Russian officials that U.S. officials allege were connected to his death, abuse or detention. Thursday's verdict prompted more criticism from U.S. officials. "The trial was a discredit to the efforts of those who continue to seek justice in his case," State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said. "Despite widely publicized, credible evidence of criminal conduct resulting in Magnitsky's death, authorities have failed to prosecute those responsible. "We continue to call for full accountability for all those responsible for Magnitsky's wrongful death, and we'll continue to support the efforts of those in Russia who seek to hold those individuals accountable." Sen. Robert Menendez, the New Jersey Democrat who is chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, said Thursday that Magnitsky's posthumous conviction "is nothing short of a message to Russia's activist community of the repercussions of opposing the state." Russia's lawmakers responded to the Magnitsky Act with their own list, slapping similar sanctions on 18 Americans it called rights violators. Russian President Vladimir Putin last year called the Magnitsky Act "another anti-Russian law" and an "imperialist approach to foreign policy." In December, Putin signed into law a measure that would ban the adoption of Russian children by U.S. families starting in 2014 -- a move also widely seen as retaliation for the Magnitsky Act. CNN's Elise Labott, Jason Hanna, Alla Eshchenko, Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report.
highlights: NEW: The verdict draws criticism from U.S. officials . The conviction of Sergei Magnitsky comes nearly four years after this death . Magnitsky died in a Moscow jail in 2009; the U.S. alleges he was beaten to death . His death prompted the United States to freeze the assets of certain Russian officials .
id: 930be83cd67703cf691f6ccdf9b8d221a96d575e
chatgpt: The conviction of Sergei Magnitsky in a Moscow court has drawn criticism from U.S. officials. Magnitsky, a Russian tax accountant, died in jail in 2009 after reportedly being beaten to death. The verdict, which comes nearly four years after his death, has been condemned by many in the international community. Magnitsky's death prompted the United States to freeze the assets of certain Russian officials suspected of being involved in the case. The move has strained relations between the two countries and has been a source of tension in the years since. The conviction of Magnitsky, despite the fact that he is deceased, has further inflamed these tensions. The trial of Magnitsky has been closely watched by human rights groups and activists who have been calling for Russian authorities to be held accountable for his death. Many have criticized the Russian government for what they see as a failure to bring to justice those responsible for Magnitsky's death. The decision to convict Magnitsky in the absence of a living defendant has only added to these concerns. Some experts believe that the decision to convict Magnitsky may be an attempt by the Russian government to rehabilitate its image and deflect criticism from its human rights record. Others argue that the government is simply trying to send a message to those who speak out against it. Regardless of the motivations behind the conviction, it is clear that it has further strained relations between the United States and Russia. The United States has been a vocal critic of Russia's human rights record in recent years, particularly in the wake of Magnitsky's death. The decision to freeze the assets of Russian officials suspected of being involved in the case was seen as a significant escalation in tensions between the two countries. With the conviction of Magnitsky, it is unclear what the next steps will be for U.S.-Russia relations. Some experts believe that the United States may further increase pressure on Russia in response, while others believe that the government may try to downplay the significance of the conviction and move on from the issue. For now, however, the conviction of Magnitsky remains a controversial and divisive issue in both Russia and the United States. It is likely that the case will continue to be a source of tension between the two countries for some time to come.