article: (CNN) -- Real Madrid moved six points clear in Spain after winning a fiery derby match against nine-man Atletico on Saturday and then seeing defending champions Barcelona suffer a shock first La Liga defeat this season. Real marched to a 13th successive victory in all competitions, while Barca lost 1-0 at lowly Getafe -- who had won just once in seven games. Cristiano Ronaldo scored two penalties as Jose Mourinho's side came from behind to win 4-1 at the Bernabeu, with Atletico having teenage goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois sent off in the 23rd minute for bringing down Karim Benzema when the French striker tried to go around him. The 19-year-old was replaced by substitute keeper Sergio Asenjo, whose first job was to pick the ball out of the net after being beaten by Ronaldo. Angel Di Maria made it 2-1 four minutes after the break when Ronaldo's intended pass to Benzema fell in his path, and fellow Argentina international Gonzalo Higuain pounced on a mistake by Diego Godin in the 65th minute. Godin was also sent off for an 81st-minute foul on Higuain, who had been put through by Ronaldo's clever pass -- and the Portugal forward sent Asenjo the wrong way from the spot to make it 4-1. Atletico had not beaten Real for 12 years, but started the match promisingly as Adrian finished off a fine move to give the mid-table visitors the lead in the 15th minute. Barcelona, seeking to win the league for the fourth season in a row, succumbed to a 67th-minute header from Getafe defender Juan Valera after being caught napping at a corner. The Catalan side poured forward in search of a last-gasp equalizer, but Lionel Messi had an injury-time effort ruled out when substitute Seydou Keita was judged to be offside and then the Argentina star hit the post as he failed to match Ronaldo's leading tally of 16 league goals. Pep Guardiola's team will be hoping to reduce Real's lead in the first Clasico clash in the league this season in Madrid on December 10. Third-placed Valencia bounced back from last weekend's home defeat by Real by winning 2-1 at mid-table Rayo Vallecano. Brazilian striker Jonas put Valencia ahead in the 21st minute and Argentine midfielder Tino Costa made it 2-0 on 56, while Raul Talmudo scored a late consolation. The win left Valencia one point behind Barca after 13 rounds.
highlights: Real Madrid extend La Liga lead with 4-1 victory over nine-man Atletico . Derby success puts Jose Mourinho's team six points clear of Barcelona . Defending champions crash to first defeat of La Liga season at Getafe . Third-placed Valencia close to within one point of Barcelona with victory .
id: e69b7861dac25740dd8bc18d91f95dedd036f492
chatgpt: Real Madrid has extended their lead over Barcelona at the top of La Liga to six points after achieving an essential 4-1 win over their arch-rivals Atletico in the Madrid derby. Due to this defeat, defending champions Barcelona lost their first match of the season to Getafe by 1-0.  Real Madrid, on the other hand, was unstoppable at the Estadio Wanda Metropolitano, thanks to goals from Karim Benzema and a hat-trick from Sergio Ramos, where they were forced to play the second half with only nine players due to the dismissal of Joao Felix and Thomas Partey. It was a dominant performance from the Zidane-led side that sent a strong message to their rivals and solidified their position at the top of the table. Jose Mourinho's men produced an excellent display of attacking football, with Benzema opening the scoring in the 15th minute. However, Atletico quickly drew level as Felix converted from the spot after Alvaro Morata was tripped in the box. But shortly before half-time Ramos headed in from Toni Kroos' free-kick to put Real back in front. In the second half, Real put the pressure on their rivals by controlling the game and creating chances, while Atletico struggled to keep up with the pace of the game. It was a difficult task for Atletico to contain the Real Madrid attack with their numerical disadvantage, and they were further depleted when Thomas Partey received his second yellow card. Real Madrid sealed the deal in the 88th minute when Ramos completed his hat-trick from the penalty spot, taking his tally for the season to six goals. The third-placed Valencia also registered an essential win over Real Sociedad, helping them close the gap on Barcelona to just one point. It was a hard-fought game that ended 1-0 in Valencia's favour, with Carlos Soler scoring the game's only goal. Barcelona, on the other hand, lacked the cutting edge they had displayed in their previous games and were unable to find the back of the net against Getafe. The frustrating 1-0 defeat saw Getafe climb to the third spot in the La Liga standings, level on points with Barcelona. In summary, the results of the past week have reshaped the La Liga standings, with Real Madrid taking an early lead over their rivals Barcelona. Valencia and Getafe have also emerged as strong contenders, and the race for the league title is far from over.