article: Most people get attached to a teddy bear when they are small, but the relationship between people and teddy bear appears to prevail throughout adulthood. An estimated two-and-a-half million teddy bears now have social profiles, according to a new survey. And perhaps surprisingly, men are twice as likely to set up a profile for a teddy bear friend, online. An estimated two-and-a-half million teddy bears now have social profiles and men are twice as likely to set up a profile for their childhood toy, online, according to a new study . A survey by Home furnishings company Ikea . into how the nation feels about their teddies revealed how important . Teddy Bears are to British life. The found that in the digital age, over 2.5 million people have created a profile for their teddy bears so they can embrace the world of social media with them. There are also a number of Twitter profiles that help people track down lost teddy bears around the world, which could prove a useful as according to the survey of 2,000 UK adults last month, the average British Teddy will travel 10,386.73 miles in its lifetime. Over 2.5 million people have created a profile for their teddy bears so they can embrace the world of social media with them, Ikea said. A selection of Tweets from 'teddy bears' are pictured . Just over half of Britons still hold on to their favourite childhood toy into adulthood. The research found that 41 per cent of children . take their soft toys everywhere they go, with nearly half of all UK . adults still taking their soft-toys abroad. Over a . quarter of children up to the age of 10 admit to taking their bears everywhere . they go. Men are twice as likely to set up a social media profile for their teddy bears, according to the study, which also said that around half of adults take a childhood toy on holiday with them . Just over half of Britons still hold on to their favourite childhood toy into adulthood. The Facebook profile of 'Bartie Bristle' is pictured . A spokesmen for Ikea said: 'Considering the finding that 18 per cent of British children have an imaginary friend it’s unsurprising that we are using social media to bring our imaginations to life.' Carol McSeveney, Children’s IKEA Manager in the UK, said: 'It’s clear that we are a nation of big kids who love our soft-toys; taking them everywhere we go, with over half of us still clinging on to them well into adulthood.' The company has brought out a range of soft toys to raise money for UNICEF and Save the Children. Since 2003, Ikea's Soft Toy Campaign has raised over £47million in a bid to help children living in poverty access an education. The average British Teddy will travel 10,386.73 miles in its lifetime. Pictured is a Twitter profile that helps reunite people with their teddy bears .
highlights: Men are twice as likely to set up a profile for a teddy bear on social media websites, according to a survey by Ikea . Poll revealed half of all UK adults still take soft toys on holiday with them . The average British teddy bear travels 10,386.73 miles in its lifetime .
id: 475b3219588ebf14aa7380ea1e71552668b92b34
chatgpt: A recent survey conducted by furniture retailer, IKEA, revealed that men are twice as likely to set up a social media profile for their teddy bear compared to women. The survey also revealed that many adults still take their soft toys with them on holiday and that the average British teddy bear travels over 10,000 miles in its lifetime. The survey, which polled 2,000 UK adults, found that 56% of males surveyed said they had set up a social media profile for their teddy bear, whereas only 28% of females had done so. The reasons behind this interesting finding were not explored in great detail, but the researchers noted that men seem to be more likely to attach sentimental value to soft toys, which may explain why they are more inclined to give their toys a social media presence.  In addition to the finding about social media profiles, the survey also found that a significant number of UK adults still take their teddy bears on holiday with them. Half of all respondents said that they had taken a soft toy with them on a trip, and of those, 44% said that they felt the toy was a good way to feel connected to family and friends while away from home.  The average distance travelled by a British teddy bear was calculated at over 10,000 miles in its lifetime. This distance is equivalent to travelling to and from Auckland, New Zealand from London, England three times over. The survey also found that 16% of respondents planned to take their teddy bears on holiday with them in the future. The researchers behind the survey suggested that these findings highlighted the continued importance of soft toys in adult life. While the idea of adults taking their teddy bears on holiday may seem strange to some, the researchers pointed out that for many people, their toys hold sentimental value and can provide a sense of comfort and connection to home.  The survey also raised concerns about the environmental impact of teddy bear travel. The researchers noted that while teddy bears may not have a significant impact individually, the collective impact of all the teddy bears travelling around the world is not insignificant. The survey also found that only 30% of respondents recycled their old or unwanted soft toys, highlighting the importance of considering the environmental impact of our purchases and possessions. Overall, the IKEA survey provides an interesting insight into the continued significance of soft toys in adult life. The findings demonstrate that many people continue to hold emotional attachments to their toys, and that these attachments can manifest in unexpected ways, such as giving toys social media profiles or taking them on holiday. The survey also highlights the importance of considering the environmental impact of our possessions, and the need to recycle and dispose of unwanted items responsibly.