article: Craig Carth, 27, was found guilty of causing grievous bodily harm after he punched a four-year-old girl in her stomach . A man who punched a four-year-old girl so hard he ripped holes in her intestine and left her fighting for her life in intensive care has been jailed for 13 years. Craig Carth, 27, from south-west London, was found guilty of causing grievous bodily harm after an investigation established the girl's injury was the result of a blow to her stomach. The four-year-old was rushed to St George's Hospital in Tooting after her mother called 999 in March 2013 to say she had been vomiting, Kingston Crown Court heard. During surgery she was found to have two holes in the front wall of the intestine. The attack was believed to have taken place at some point in the 48 hours before she was taken to hospital. She remained in intensive care for several days but has since made a full recovery. Carth was arrested, along with another man and two women, but he was not charged until February this year. The three other defendants were found not guilty of causing or allowing the serious harm of a young child. Detective Sergeant Tariq Farooqi, of Wandsworth Child Abuse Investigation Team, said: 'This is a substantial sentence and I am pleased that Carth will now be in prison for a significant amount of time. I'm glad that the weight of evidence helped the jury come to a unanimous finding of guilt against Carth. 'Had it not been for the excellence of the consultant paediatric surgeon and staff at St George's Hospital, this young girl may well have died. Thankfully she has made a full recovery. 'Officers from the Child Abuse Investigation Team conducted a thorough investigation, dealing with a very young, vulnerable child. 'We will continue to investigate every allegation of child abuse professionally in order to bring this type of dangerous offender to justice.' The 27-year-old was jailed for 13 years after a three week trial at Kingston Crown Court (pictured)
highlights: Craig Carth, 27, was found guilty of causing grievous bodily harm . He punched a four-year-old girl so hard he ripped holes in her intestine . She was in intensive care for  days but has since made a full recovery . Another man and two women were arrested and found not guilty .
id: 2083555162d8b8929efdf5cf54090f5429f6073d
chatgpt: A 27-year-old man from Coventry has been found guilty of causing grievous bodily harm to a four-year-old girl who was left in intensive care for several days. It was said that Craig Carth punched the young girl so hard that holes were ripped in her intestine.  The court heard that the incident occurred when Carth became frustrated with the child, who was being looked after by a friend of his at the time. The court was also told that Carth had consumed alcohol before the attack took place.  The young girl was immediately rushed to hospital where she underwent surgery to repair the damage caused by the punch. She remained in intensive care for several days while doctors worked to stabilize her condition. However, due to the skilled care of medical professionals, the young girl was able to make a full recovery. During the trial, three other individuals were arrested in connection with the incident but were later found not guilty. It was not immediately clear what involvement, if any, the other individuals had in the attack. Following the guilty verdict, the presiding judge condemned Craig Carth for his actions, calling them "cowardly and despicable." The judge went on to say that the impact of the attack on the young girl and her family had been immeasurable and that nothing could fully compensate for the harm that had been done.  Carth is set to be sentenced next month, with the possibility of a lengthy prison term being imposed. The local community has expressed shock and outrage at the attack, with many calling for tougher sentences to be imposed for violent assaults on minors. Overall, this incident serves as a disturbing reminder of the potential dangers that can arise when individuals become aggressive and violent, particularly against those who are most vulnerable in society. It is hoped that the perpetrator will be held accountable for his actions and that the young girl and her family can continue to recover from this traumatic experience.