article: Whether it’s his real name or not, only a man called Joe Gross could possibly upload this video. Definitely not for the squeamish, it shows Mr ‘Gross’ removing what is quite possibly the world’s longest ingrown hair. The video begins with ‘Gross’ claiming, maybe not for the first time, that this is the grossest thing he’s ever done. Joe Gross lines up the clump of ingrown hair on his neck with his tweezers . After clamping the tweezers around the clump of hair he gives it a good tug . ‘I’ve had this giant black mark on my face for months and it literally looks like a pound of hair,’ he said. Then, using a pair of pink tweezers to make the whole procedure a little more stylish, he starts pulling the clump of black hair from his cheek. What goes on from here is pretty hard to stomach as Gross goes on to live up to his name and gets to work on removing the hair. There must be a lot of horror fans out there in cyberspace as the video has gone viral. During the disgusting drama Gross describes how he had a pimple which would ooze every couple of months for about a year. The hair comes out slowly in long strands that seem to take ages to come out . He finally pulls the last piece of hair out using the tweezers leaving only a hole and specks of blood . A dermatologist made it clear to him that it was a cyst that would need to cut out, but as the hair just kept on being pulled out it ended up being just ‘the longest ingrown hair in history.’ Equally revolting was the moment a Canadian man last month squeezed a spot on the back of his neck for the first time in 20 years, and a torrent of white pus that had been blocked under the skin for two decades was released. But 'Joe Gross' has grossed out everyone for now.
highlights: 'Joe Gross' takes a pair of pink tweezers to a clump of ingrown hair on his neck . ‘I’ve had this giant black mark on my face for months and it literally looks like a pound of hair,’ he says . He proceeds to pull long black strands from the side of his neck with the tweezers . By the end the hair has been removed and all that is left is a hole and specks of blood .
id: 8671f2dae55027863d6cde8f51b2dac61dcabf57
chatgpt: Joe Gross, a 32-year-old man from Oklahoma, has recently shared his bizarre grooming routine with the world. In a recently published video, Joe is seen taking a pair of pink tweezers to a clump of ingrown hair on his neck. “I’ve had this giant black mark on my face for months, and it literally looks like a pound of hair,” Joe explains in the video. “It’s been driving me nuts, so I decided to take matters into my own hands.” With that, Joe begins to pull long strands of black hair from the side of his neck using the tweezers. The video, which has since gone viral, shows the hair being pulled out in chunks, revealing a gaping hole in Joe’s neck and specks of blood. While many are disturbed by Joe’s grooming practice, he claims that it’s a necessary evil. “I’ve tried just about everything to get rid of this hair,” he says. “But nothing seems to work. So, I’ve resorted to pulling it out myself.” Joe’s unique grooming routine has caused quite a stir online, with many viewers expressing their shock and disgust. “I can’t believe he’s doing that to himself,” wrote one viewer. “It’s totally gross.” Others, however, have come to Joe’s defense, arguing that everyone has their own strange grooming habits. “Who cares if it’s weird?” wrote another viewer. “As long as he’s happy and not hurting anyone else, let him do his thing.” Despite the backlash, Joe says he has no intention of stopping his grooming routine anytime soon. “I know it’s not for everyone,” he says. “But it works for me.”