article: The United States may still be on high alert for Ebola - but that didn't stop Saturday Night Live turning its comedic talents to mocking efforts to control the spread of the disease. The show made light of the fiasco over whether to quarantine Kaci Hickox - which ended up in an imagined fistfight between her and Chris Christie, the New Jersey Governor who implemented the harsh new rules. The opening skit on the NBC show began with 'Governor Christie', played by Bobby Moynihan, trying to explain his compulsory quarantine rules, which were briefly applied to any health workers returning from West Africa. Ebola fist-fight: In the sketch, SNL imagined Chris Christie going toe-to-toe with quarantine-defying nurse Kaci Hickox . When asked whether the measures were 'inhumane', Moynihan didn't mince his words. He responded: 'With all due respect, you need to shut the hell up. She got a tent in a parking lot with her own porta-potty – in New Jersey that’s a luxury condo.' Confronted with claims he had backed down after the CDC and President Obama turned on him, he pugnacious Governor-figure went on: 'That’s a bunch of malarky – our policy has not changed: if you present symptoms you will be quarantined. Ebola? Just kidding! Kate KcKinnon, playing Hickox, coughed before talking about how she had been handing out candy and visited a 'kissing booth' - referring to possible methods of spreading the disease . 'But if I then get a call from President Barack Obama...', he continued, before a meandering anecdote of when he met the President during Hurricane Sandy. The scene later  returned to Ebola, cutting to 'Hickox' - played by Kate McKinnon, at her home in Maine. Explaining her defiance of voluntary quarantines, she introduced herself as: 'Kaci with an I as in "I don’t care if I have Ebola I’m riding my damn bike!" Consistent until its not: Christie, played by Bobby Moynihan, admitted he caved to demands from Obama . 'I’ve been doing whatever I feel like, took a dip in a public pool, volunteered at a kissing booth. For Halloween I handed out about 1000 loose M&Ms with my bare hands.' When asked whether her actions were 'cavalier', she plowed on: 'Many people are intimidated by a smart, strong women who has lost her mind! 'I stood up to Ebola, I’m not going to be scared off by a governor who looks like a cartoon on a pizza box.' At the mention of his name, Moynihan's Christie appeared miraculously. When asked how he got from New York to Maine in seconds, he brushed of the inconsistency, saying: 'I’m Chris Christie, I’m everywhere!' A brief war of words then devolved into a fistfight between the political heavyweight and incorrigible nurse.
highlights: Bobby Moynihan took on guide of New Jersey head Chris Christie in sketch . Argued over Ebola quarantine rules and ended up toe-to-toe with nurse . Kaci Hickox - played by Kate McKinnon - coughed everywhere then fought .
id: 057a7a5be7a657d5424199c10ecf3a16537b321e
chatgpt: Comedian Bobby Moynihan portrayed New Jersey Governor Chris Christie in a recent sketch on "Saturday Night Live", where he found himself in a heated argument over Ebola quarantine rules with a nurse played by Kate McKinnon. The sketch began with Moynihan as Christie announcing the state's new quarantine policy for individuals returning from countries affected by Ebola. McKinnon's character, Kaci Hickox, enters the scene and challenges Christie's decision, stating that it is not backed by any scientific evidence. The argument quickly escalated, with Hickox coughing uncontrollably in the governor's face, causing him to step back in disgust. The two continued to trade barbs back and forth, with Christie insisting on his policy and Hickox countering with her own arguments. As the argument reached a boiling point, the two got into a physical altercation, ending up toe-to-toe with each other. The scene drew uproarious laughter from the audience as the two bumbled around, coughing and throwing punches. This sketch comes as New Jersey has been one of the hardest-hit states in the United States by the coronavirus pandemic. Christie, who served as governor from 2010 to 2018, has been a vocal critic of current New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy's handling of the pandemic. Moynihan, who left "Saturday Night Live" in 2017 after nine seasons on the show, has continued to find success as a comedian and actor. He has appeared in several movies and TV shows, including his own sitcom "Me, Myself & I". McKinnon, who is currently a cast member on "Saturday Night Live", has become a fan favorite for her many hilarious characters and impressions. She has won several Emmy Awards for her work on the show and has also appeared in several movies and TV shows. While the sketch may have been played for laughs, the real argument over quarantine policies, both during the Ebola outbreak and now in the face of the coronavirus pandemic, has been a serious and contentious issue. Many experts agree that quarantine measures, when used effectively and based on sound scientific evidence, can help prevent the spread of infectious diseases. As the world continues to grapple with the COVID-19 pandemic, it is important to remember that we all have a role to play in keeping ourselves and our communities safe. By following public health guidelines and making responsible choices, we can all help to slow the spread of the virus and protect the most vulnerable among us.