article: By . James Rush . PUBLISHED: . 21:39 EST, 16 January 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 02:50 EST, 17 January 2013 . A 33-storey waterfront complex inspired by a 'lucky' bronze coin is failing to live up to its reputation after polarising public opinion. The coin-shaped design of the new Guangdong Plastics Exchange building has been receiving criticism from locals even before its construction has finished. Designed by Italian architect Joseph di Pasquale, the circular design is thought to be lucky in Cantonese culture. The 33-storey building, shaped like a lucky coin, is getting closer to completion but not all residents are happy with it . But according to reports the 1 billion yuan building, situated on the Pearl River in the southern Chinese city of Guangzhou, has been on the receiving end of unsavoury comments from residents. The 453ft high building, which features a 154ft diameter hole in the centre, is shaped after a number of objects the Cantonese associate with luck and good fortune. Chief project engineer Wang Zhanshan said: 'It's a real fusion of Western and Chinese design. 'The distinctive feature of the building is that it is shaped like an old Chinese jade or a waterwheel and also has good feng shui for attracting fortune. 'A golden coin, jade or waterwheel alongside the river means luck to Cantonese: Water brings money.' But according to the Shenzhen Daily, some residents have failed to see any positive message in the design. An artist's impression of how the finished Guangdong Plastics Exchange building will look like on the banks of the Pearl River in Guangzhou . Guangzhou resident He Huiying said: 'I can’t see any beauty in the two buildings. 'Two golden coins? It only exposes the naked desire of the authorities and the property owners to chase money.' Wang has defended the criticism the building had received from residents. He said: 'Beauty is different to different people. If the building is discussed before and after its completion, it will have already proved it is a successful piece of architecture.' The 1 billion yuan building features a 154ft diameter hole in the middle of it and is shaped after a number of objects the Cantonese associate with luck and good fortune .
highlights: New Guangdong Plastics Exchange building shaped like coin to bring luck . The 453ft high building features a 154ft diameter hole in the centre . But the waterfront complex has received criticism from local residents .
id: 71db910c0c15fd008e7a442fd6a3a8f17fc05dc7
chatgpt: The brand new Guangdong Plastics Exchange building has landed in the news for its remarkable shape. Standing at 453 feet, it resembles a giant coin and boasts a 154ft wide hole in its center. The shape of the new building is believed to symbolize good luck and prosperity, and the company behind the development is hoping the design will help them achieve their ambitious targets. It's no surprise that architects behind the project, who are based in Britain, sought inspiration from Chinese folklore. However, despite the impressive design, the new waterfront complex has been met with criticism from local residents. Many have raised concerns about the building's impact on the surrounding area, including its effects on traffic and the environment. The local council has been inundated with complaints from residents via email and phone, with many expressing disappointment over the design of the building. There are fears that the increase in traffic will cause congestion and pollution in the area, which could harm the livelihoods of locals. Others have criticized the significant investment in the Plastics Exchange building, which they believe could have been spent on more pressing issues such as housing and infrastructure development. Despite the controversy, the developers have defended the building, stating that it will bring new jobs and opportunities to the area. The company has promised to undertake further studies around environmental impacts and has already taken steps to reduce the energy and water consumption of the building. The Guangdong Plastics Exchange building is not the first unique structure to be erected in China. The Bird's Nest Stadium, built for the 2008 Olympics, and the Beijing CCTV Tower are among the country's most famous architectural landmarks. While the shape of the new building may be a talking point, it's also important to consider its impact on the local community. Only time will tell if the Guangdong Plastics Exchange building will bring the prosperity and good luck that its developers envisage.