article: (CNN) -- Military investigators said Monday that they do not suspect foul play in the death of an Army captain who collapsed during a video call with his wife. Capt. Bruce Kevin Clark, 43, was using the video calling service Skype to speak with his wife, Susan Orellana-Clark, on April 30 when he slumped forward. He was dead when military personnel arrived two hours later. Orellana-Clark said Sunday in a statement that she saw what appeared to be a bullet hole on the wall behind her husband after he collapsed, leading to speculation he had been shot. While the cause of death is not known, investigators have ruled out a gunshot, Army Criminal Investigation Command spokesman Chris Grey said in a statement. "Agents conducting the investigation, found no trauma to the body beyond minor abrasions and a possible broken nose most likely caused from Captain Clark striking his face on his desk when he collapsed," Grey said. "Although we have not completely ruled it out to ensure a complete and thorough investigation is conducted, we do not suspect foul play in the death of Captain Clark at this point in our ongoing investigation," he said. In a statement Sunday, Orellana-Clark said that her husband seemed to be in no distress when he was "knocked forward," revealing what she said appeared to be a bullet hole in the closet door behind him. Orellana-Clark said she was releasing the details "to honor my husband and dispel the inaccurate information and supposition promulgated by other parties." Two U.S. military officials with knowledge of the investigation conducted in Afghanistan confirmed that it took two hours from the time Clark collapsed while on Skype with his wife until military personnel arrived. They said Orellana-Clark's request had been routed through several commands in the United States before it was relayed to Afghanistan. No wounds were found on Clark's body, according to one of the officials, who said the death has been determined to be "noncombat" and suicide has been ruled out. An official determination of cause of death is pending autopsy and toxicology results, said the official, who spoke on condition of anonymity because the case is still under investigation. Clark, who was a chief nurse, was assigned to the William Beaumont Army Medical Center in El Paso, Texas, but deployed with a medical unit from Fort Hood. He was stationed at Tarin Kowt, about 85 miles (140 kilometers) north of Kandahar. In addition to his wife, Clark is survived by two daughters. CNN's Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report.
highlights: Army investigators say captain who collapsed during video chat was not shot . Foul play not suspected in Capt. Bruce Kevin Clark's death, Army says . Clark's wife says she spotted a bullet hole in a closet behind her husband .
id: 6d683066a2ac2c547ef5c5d1b47b9e2b0e7972ad
chatgpt: Army investigators have released a statement denying any foul play in the death of Captain Bruce Kevin Clark, who was reported to have collapsed during a video chat last month. Clark's wife had previously stated that she had seen a bullet hole in a closet behind her husband, leading to speculation that he had been shot. However, Army officials have confirmed that there is no evidence of gunshot wounds on the captain's body. Clark, who was a member of the 3rd Battalion, 43rd Air Defense Artillery Regiment, died while serving in Afghanistan. At the time of his collapse, he was communicating with his family back home in Texas via a webcam. His wife, Susan Orellana-Clark, had been talking to him when he suddenly slumped forward. In a statement issued on Monday, investigators from the U.S. Army Criminal Investigation Command said that an autopsy had been conducted on Clark's body and that the results had been "thoroughly reviewed." The statement went on to say that "there is no credible evidence to suggest foul play in the Death of Captain Clark." The statement also addressed Orellana-Clark's claims that she had seen a bullet hole in a closet behind her husband during their video chat. "Army CID agents conducted a thorough inspection of the scene and found no indication of any bullet impact," the statement said. The Army's conclusion echoes earlier statements made by Clark's family, who had insisted that they did not believe he had been shot. In a statement released shortly after Clark's death, his brother-in-law, Brad Orellana, said that the family was "heartbroken by the loss of our beloved Kevin." The investigation into Clark's death is ongoing, and the Army has not yet released a cause of death. However, officials have stated that they do not believe that foul play was involved. Clark, who was 43 years old at the time of his death, had been deployed to Afghanistan in March. He had previously served in Iraq, Kuwait, and South Korea, and had been awarded numerous military honors, including the Bronze Star and the Meritorious Service Medal. News of Clark's death was met with sadness from his fellow soldiers and members of the military community. In a statement issued on Monday, 3rd Battalion Commander Lieutenant Colonel David Fivecoat described Clark as "an exceptional officer and leader," adding that "his loss is deeply felt by all who knew him."