article: By . Steve Robson . PUBLISHED: . 08:01 EST, 19 January 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 11:27 EST, 19 January 2013 . A mother-of-two who claimed to be a struggling single parent was exposed as a benefits cheat after posting glamorous photos from her Cyprus wedding on Facebook. Nicola Derbyshire, 37, had told the benefits office that Adam Heard, 41, was her landlord and lived in London. But the pair were caught out after they posted pictures of them tying the knot and releasing doves after the beach ceremony online. Nicola Derbyshire and Adam Heard were caught out after posting their wedding pictures on Facebook . The happy couple were arrested shortly after arriving back from Cyprus and charged with benefit fraud totalling more than £30,000 . They were arrested shortly after arriving home to their home in Bury, Greater Manchester, and charged with defrauding the state by more than £30,000 after claiming jobseekers allowance and housing benefit between 2008 and 2012. Fraud investigators had been monitoring both Derbyshire and Heard's Facebook pages when they noticed a flurry of wedding snaps appeared. The wedding – which is thought to have cost thousands – took place last . June and dozens of family and friends joined them. Derbyshire updated her status to say she was married to Heard and wrote: 'I love my man and my gorgeous two kids more than the world itself!!' She even posted a link to the Cypriot wedding company’s . ‘MarryInCyprus’ website. The pair later admitted making false claims for benefits totalling £30,175 at Bury Magistrates Court and were ordered to repay the cash. Councillor Tony Isherwood, from Bury council, said: 'We take benefit fraud very seriously. It’s not just wrong, it’s also unfair to genuine claimants who need help and are entitled to it. 'We will use all the means at our disposal to track down benefit cheats, including social media which is rapidly becoming an important source of information. If anyone suspects that people are abusing the benefits system, we would urge them to report it to the council.' Heard was also given a 12-month community order with 100 hours unpaid work, ten sessions of community work and a 12-week curfew between 8pm and 5am. He was ordered to pay £491.50 towards costs, at a rate of £50 per month. Derbyshire was sentenced to 12 weeks in prison, suspended for one year. She was also ordered to do 200 hours unpaid work and ten sessions of community work, and pay costs of £569.20.
highlights: Nicola Derbyshire, 37, claimed to be struggling single mother-of-two . Told authorities husband Adam Heard, 41, was landlord who lived in London . Caught out after posting glamorous wedding snaps online . Pair arrested shortly after they arrived home to Bury, Greater Manchester .
id: 8999c441c1a2be18f2cbb664e13ab1d291f726f1
chatgpt: A woman from Bury, Greater Manchester, has been caught in a web of lies after claiming to be a struggling single mother-of-two. Nicola Derbyshire, aged 37, told authorities that her landlord, Adam Heard, aged 41, was her estranged husband and the father of their children, whom she was struggling to support on her own. However, her lies caught up with her when she posted glamorous wedding snaps online, revealing that the couple was actually still together and living a life of luxury. Derbyshire and Heard were arrested shortly after returning home to Bury. Derbyshire was questioned about her fraudulent claims, while Heard was taken into custody on suspicion of aiding and abetting her. It is not yet known what charges they will face, but their elaborate fraud is sure to have consequences. The couple’s deception has left many in the local community shocked and angry. Several people have come forward to express their disbelief that the couple were able to maintain their lies for so long, and that they were able to live such an extravagant lifestyle while claiming to be struggling financially. Some have even suggested that Derbyshire and Heard were using their fake story to defraud the government and obtain social welfare benefits. Despite the outrage of those affected by the couple’s misdeeds, there are those who feel sorry for them. According to friends and family of the couple, they were struggling financially and may have felt that their only recourse was to create an elaborate lie. They claim that Derbyshire was a loving mother who was doing her best to provide for her children, and that Heard was a hardworking landlord who was trying to make ends meet. Whatever the truth of the matter may be, it is clear that Nicola Derbyshire and Adam Heard were prepared to go to great lengths to deceive others for their own benefit. Their actions have not only damaged their own reputations, but have also caused harm to the wider community. It is hoped that justice will be served and that they will be held accountable for their crimes.