article: By . Sara Malm . PUBLISHED: . 05:27 EST, 6 December 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 07:24 EST, 6 December 2013 . A father-of-one who stood in a roundabout wearing a sign begging for a job is now its gardener. Matt Atkins was advertising himself by holding a placard which read: ‘desperate 4 a job’, while standing in view of the busy traffic off the A127, in Basildon, Essex. The 46-year-old now mows the grass on the roundabout after its sponsors, a cleaning firm, spotted his desperate plight. Mow-ing up: Matt Atkins, 46, was hired after the father of one spent a day in the Essex roundabout Mr Dalton sponsors with a sign asking for a job - now he is its manager . Local cleaning company Bizzib, who advertise its services on the roundabout, gave Mr Atkins a job as a cleaner. Seven months later, Mr Atkins has been promoted to landscape manager, with responsibility for the very same roundabout. He . said: ‘It's quite bizarre that I have ended up back here. I never . imagined I would come back to this roundabout. I still have to pinch . myself sometimes but it is fantastic. Life is good. ‘I feel a million times better in myself. I just needed one person to believe in me. ‘Before . I was on anti-depressants and really fed up. I was not on a happy place . at all but now I am off the anti-depressants and doing something I . love.’ Success story: Mr Atkins advertised himself with a 'desperate 4 a job' placard in May, and he now looks after the roundabout where he stood looking for work . Only way is Essex: Shortly after his stunt, Mr Atkins started as a cleaner and was promoted to landscape manager seven months later . Before taking the . desperate measure of standing in busy traffic with a sign around his . neck, Mr Atkins, from Wickford, had struggled to find employment for . eight years. He had been . living on incapacity benefit since undergoing a pancreas transplant in . 2004, but wishing to provide for his wife Kelly and their 15-year-old son Levi . the honest way, he took a pay cut to work with the cleaning firm. Managing . director Ricky Dalton said: ‘He has been fantastic. His attitude . towards work has been great and he has gone from strength to strength. He has seen visions for the company and brought ideas to the table which . some of us had never thought about. ‘When . I heard he was standing on our roundabout I thought if he was willing . to do that he would have the ability to do what we asked him. ‘He . took a drop in wages to join us but we are a company that rewards . people for results. The fact that Matt put himself out he was rewarded . and we were rewarded with his hard work.’
highlights: Matt Atkins, 46, stood in roundabout in Basildon, Essex begging for work . Landscape firm that sponsors the roundabout spotted him and hired him . After starting off as a cleaner Atkins is now a 'landscape manager'
id: f39a58825bfcaa46b7c85fb51c2d68b358e43436
chatgpt: Matt Atkins, a 46-year-old man from Basildon, Essex, was spotted standing on a roundabout in his hometown, begging for work. With a family to support and no job prospects, Atkins had taken to standing by the roadside with a sign, hoping that someone might take pity on him. Luckily for Atkins, his prayers were answered when a local landscape firm saw him standing on the roundabout and decided to take a chance on him. Atkins was hired on as a cleaner, but after showing dedication and a strong work ethic, he was quickly promoted to the position of "landscape manager." Atkins says he is grateful for the opportunity that the landscape company gave him. "I was at a low point in my life," he says. "I had lost my job, and things were looking pretty bleak. But this company saw something in me and gave me a chance. I'm now in a much better place, and I'm proud to say that I'm part of a team that is responsible for making Basildon a beautiful place to live." According to the leader of the landscape firm that hired Atkins, the decision to offer him a job was an easy one. "Matt was standing on that roundabout every day, rain or shine, holding a sign that said, 'I need a job.' We admired his persistence and dedication, and we knew that if he applied those qualities to his work with us, he could go far." It turns out that Atkins was a quick learner, and soon he was helping to manage the firm's many landscaping projects around the city. His colleagues say that he is a valued member of the team and that his positive attitude and work ethic are an inspiration to everyone he works with. For Atkins, the new job has not only meant financial stability, but also a sense of purpose and pride. "When I'm out there with my team, working on a new project, I feel like I'm making a real difference in the world," he says. "I'm not just cleaning up a roundabout; I'm helping to create something beautiful that people can enjoy for years to come." The story of Matt Atkins is a reminder that sometimes, all it takes is one person to take a chance on us to help turn our lives around. Atkins' persistence and determination paid off, and he is now living proof that hard work and dedication can lead to great things.