article: By . Ian Drury . Justice Secretary Chris Grayling vowed to ¿slay the health and safety culture¿ . Employees who hurt themselves doing ‘something dumb’ at work will no longer win compensation if bosses have taken steps to keep them safe. Under tough new laws, Justice Secretary Chris Grayling vowed to ‘slay the health and safety culture’ which had sparked a wave of legal claims for big payouts. He warned society had become ‘too inclined to blame someone else’ when things go wrong, pledging to make it harder for ambulance-chasing lawyers to win cases in court. Fear of being sued dissuades small businesses from hiring extra staff and schools have reined in the number and type of trips they take pupils on over concerns they could face legal action if trouble arises – even when they have taken reasonable safety steps. In a case last year, Norfolk policewoman Kelly Jones threatened to sue a garage boss after tripping over a 6in kerb while answering a midnight call. She dropped the case following a public outcry and criticism from her own chief constable. Mr Grayling’s Social Action, Responsibility and Heroism Bill will be debated by MPs for the first time today. He is determined to turn the tide on the compensation culture which costs businesses, charities and local authorities millions and boosts insurance premiums. WPC Kelly Jones dropped the case following public outcry and criticism from her own chief constable . ‘This is a Bill that’s out to try and slay the health and safety culture,’ he said. ‘It is about trying to restore common sense to the kind of situations which happen all too often and very seldom get to court – where somebody has an accident at work, it’s entirely their own fault, they have got a perfectly responsible employer who has the normal health and safety procedures in place but that person does something dumb …  and sues the employer anyway.’ The Bill means a court deciding a negligence case will have to consider whether the defendant was acting for the benefit of society, such as running an event or clearing snow from a path. Judges will also have to weigh up whether a person facing a compensation claim had demonstrated a ‘generally responsible’ approach to safety. Mr Grayling added: ‘I want a society where common sense is the order of the day, not one where responsible employers are prevented from growing their businesses for constant fear of being sued for slips and trips if something goes wrong … If someone has acted responsibly to protect the safety of others … the law will be on their side.’ The Bill was applauded by voluntary groups who have warned that fear of litigation stops many people from offering their services. But unions said it raised concerns about the potential impact on employees injured at work.
highlights: Chris Grayling vowed to ‘slay the health and safety culture’ Warned society had become ‘too inclined to blame someone else’ Fear of being sued dissuades small businesses from hiring extra staff .
id: 1b683388417f8546695bdc87e53431e97486eb41
chatgpt: In a bold statement, UK Transport Secretary, Chris Grayling, has announced that he is determined to end the "health and safety culture" that he believes is hindering the growth of small businesses in the country. Speaking at an event in London, Grayling expressed his concerns about the country's tendency to shift blame onto others, citing a fear of being sued as a key factor in the reluctance of small businesses to take on extra staff. "These days, it seems like we're all too quick to blame someone else for things that go wrong," he said. "And when it comes to the workplace, that means that small businesses are held back by the fear of being sued if something goes wrong. We need to change that." Grayling went on to announce that his department would be launching a series of initiatives aimed at reducing the number of health and safety regulations that businesses have to comply with. He said that he would be working hand-in-hand with trade bodies and industry leaders to identify areas where unnecessary regulations could be scrapped. "It's time to slay the health and safety culture once and for all," he added. "It's holding back our economy, and it's holding back small businesses in particular. We need to create an environment where businesses can thrive, where they're not held back by unnecessary rules and regulations." The move has been welcomed by business leaders, who have long complained about the burden of red tape that they face. Speaking to the press, the Director General of the Confederation of British Industry (CBI), Carolyn Fairbairn, said that Grayling's approach was a step in the right direction. "We've been calling for a more sensible approach to health and safety regulations for years," she said. "The fact is, small businesses are the lifeblood of our economy, and they need to be given the freedom to operate without being bogged down by red tape." Fairbairn did, however, stress the importance of maintaining a focus on safety in the workplace. "We absolutely support the idea that we need to reduce the burden of regulations on small businesses," she said. "But we need to do that in a way that doesn't compromise safety standards." Grayling's announcement comes at a time when the UK's economy is facing increasing pressure from Brexit uncertainty. While many businesses are struggling to make sense of the current political climate, Grayling's focus on reducing regulations could provide a much-needed boost to the country's small business sector. As he concluded his speech, Grayling reiterated his commitment to facilitating business growth in the UK. "We need to create a culture where companies feel confident to invest, to hire new staff, and to take on the world," he said. "I'm determined to do everything I can to make that a reality."