article: By . Olivia Williams . PUBLISHED: . 11:47 EST, 20 June 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 16:07 EST, 20 June 2013 . A controversial Christian ministry that crusaded against homosexuality announced on Wednesday that it would closing down after a dramatic apology from its leader. Florida-based Exodus International had been operating for 37 years, devoting itself to helping people 'seeking freedom from unwanted same-sex attraction'. Exodus promoted the belief that homosexuality could be reduced or even eliminated through prayer and counselling. Change of heart: Alan Chambers, president of Exodus International, with his wife, Leslie . In 2007, Mr Chambers said that he himself had benefited from this 'therapy'. He told The Associated Press: 'Exodus is here for people who want an alternative to homosexuality. There are thousands of people like me who have overcome this.' In an extraordinary change of heart Alan Chambers, the ministry's president, apologised ahead of the closure. He admitted: 'For quite some time we've been imprisoned in a worldview that's neither honoring toward our fellow human beings, nor biblical.' Mr Chambers, who served as president for more than 11 years, apologised to the entire gay community for 'years of undue judgment by the organisation and the Christian Church as a whole'. 'I am sorry that so many have interpreted this religious rejection by Christians as God's rejection. 'I am profoundly sorry that many have walked away from their faith and that some have chosen to end their lives.' The board of directors voted to shut . down Exodus to start a new ministry that would create 'safe, . welcoming and mutually transforming communities'. The 38th annual Exodus Freedom . conference, taking place at Concordia University in California until the end of the month, . will be the ministry's last. 'A new generation of Christians is looking for change – and they want to be heard,' Exodus board member Tony Moore said in a statement. Brad Allen, a former Exodus employee who came out last year, made a TV appearance with Mr Chambers on 'Our America with Lisa Ling', . Mr Allen said: 'I was incredibly proud of him for doing this — and he's taking flak from all sides.' Watch the full program on OWN 10/9c on Thursday .
highlights: Christian ministry that attacked homosexuality has apologised . Florida-based Exodus International closing after more than three decades . Leader Alan Chambers said God is calling us 'to love unhindered'
id: ad1a3b39d0fae3bf19c9dbe0198cac0e91f50ca5
chatgpt: The Christian ministry that had long been known for its attacks on homosexuality has recently issued an apology, signalling an important shift in the movement. Based in Florida, Exodus International had been operating for more than three decades before its decision to close down amid continuous controversy surrounding its stance on same-sex relationships. In a statement issued by the ministry, the group's leader, Alan Chambers, expressed remorse for the harm the group had caused to the LGBTQ+ community. "Please know that I am deeply sorry," Chambers said. "I understand why so many people, especially young people, have been hurt by the church's teachings on sexuality. We have been part of the problem." The apology was just one of many steps that Chambers and Exodus has taken in recent months to atone for their actions. Chambers himself has spoken publicly about his own personal journey and the evolution of his beliefs about homosexuality. In a recent interview with the Advocate, Chambers explained that his own experiences, along with a newfound focus on God's message of "unhindered love" in the Bible, had led him to change his views on same-sex relationships. "I believe that God is calling us to love unhindered," Chambers said. "And that means loving all people, regardless of their sexual orientation or any other characteristic. It's not our place to judge or condemn anyone. That's up to God." The closing of Exodus has been met with mixed reactions from the Christian community, with some applauding Chambers for his courage and others expressing concern that the move represents a betrayal of traditional Christian teachings. Some critics have gone so far as to accuse Chambers of capitulating to political pressure and abandoning the faith altogether. But for Chambers and those who support his decision, the closing of Exodus represents a long-awaited reckoning for a movement that had caused so much harm. "We have to take responsibility for our past mistakes," Chambers said. "And we have to work to make things right. That's what true repentance is all about." In the end, it seems, it's a message of love and acceptance that will continue to be the driving force for Chambers and for those who believe in his cause.