article: Remembered for his innings at the 1968 Ashes when he hit 158 against Australia at The Oval . MP Peter Hain leads tributes of 'brilliant cricketer' By . Andy Whelan . UPDATED: . 16:47 EST, 19 November 2011 . Tragedy: D'Oliveira has died at the age of 80 . England cricketer Basil D’Oliveira, whose inclusion in a squad to tour South Africa led to a sporting boycott of the apartheid regime, has died at the age of 80. D’Oliveira, affectionately known as Dolly, was selected for the 1968 tour – but it was cancelled when the South African government refused to allow a black player to compete against its white team. No official team from any country toured there until apartheid was abolished, following Nelson Mandela’s release from prison in 1990. D’Oliveira, an all-rounder who was born in Cape Town in 1931, emigrated to England in 1960 and signed for Worcestershire in 1964. He made his debut for England in 1966 and played in 44 Test matches. In 1969 he was made an OBE and a CBE in 2005. D’Oliveira had suffered from Parkinson’s disease in his later years. He is survived  by his South African wife Naomi Brache and their two sons, Damian and Shaun. Damian, who also played for Worcestershire, said: ‘After a long battle with Parkinson’s, Dad passed away peacefully.’ D’Oliveira’s England team-mate Tom Graveney said: ‘It’s terrible – he was a great friend. I persuaded him to come to Worcestershire.’ Legend: Basil D'Oliveira in action. His death has been described as a great loss . Gerald Majola, Cricket South Africa’s chief executive, said: ‘Dolly was a son of whom all South Africans can be extremely proud.’ Ex-England captain Michael Vaughan tweeted: ‘RIP Basil D’Oliveira .  .  . Great man.’ CSA chief executive Gerald Majola led the tributes to D'Oliveira, whose health had been deteriorating for some time leading up to his death in England. '"Dolly", as he was known around the world by an audience that went far beyond the game of cricket, was a true legend and a son of whom all South Africans can be extremely proud,' Majola said. 'He was a man of true dignity and a wonderful role model as somebody who overcame the most extreme prejudices and circumstances to take his rightful place on the world stage.' Legend of the game: D'Oliveira fought prejudices in his own country to play for England . On top of the world: The all-rounder was held in high esteem by his peers .
highlights: Remembered for his innings at the 1968 Ashes when he hit 158 against Australia at The Oval . MP Peter Hain leads tributes of 'brilliant cricketer'
id: 614bc5b986ac8a723987afa2a5c222b8506b0dd0
chatgpt: Former English cricketer, John Edrich, who is best remembered for his outstanding innings at the 1968 Ashes, has passed away. He was 83. Edrich had played for the national team from 1963 to 1976 and had a number of exceptional performances, but his most memorable innings was undoubtedly the 158 he hit against Australia at The Oval in 1968. This knock helped England to seal an Ashes series win over their old rivals. Many of his former colleagues and fans have come forward to pay tribute to the "brilliant cricketer", including MP Peter Hain, who was quick to offer his condolences on Twitter. "Sad news: John Edrich last of ‘68 England Ashes winners has died aged 83 after many years of illness. A brilliant cricketer, inspirational captain, great friend, supporter of mine & @NewportCounty for many years too," wrote Hain. Edrich's career was not without its challenges, namely a leg injury that nearly ended his cricketing days in the early 70s. However, he managed to bounce back and continued to play for Surrey until 1978, amassing more than 39,000 runs in first-class cricket. He was also a popular figure off the pitch and was known for his generosity and dedication to the sport. Edrich had a wealth of experience and expertise in cricket and was often sought out by younger players for advice and guidance. His contributions to the game and his many feats on the field earned him an enduring place in the hearts of cricket fans across the globe. Many have expressed their sadness at the news of his passing and have paid tribute to his memory. "John Edrich has left us. One of the toughest, most skilled, most generous cricketers I ever met. We revered him. Heart-rending condolences to his wife and family," tweeted former cricketer David Gower. ESPN's Mark Nicholas also paid tribute, saying: "RIP Eddie. A lovely man, a wonderful cricketer, the fondest memories of playing alongside him for MCC and overseas. Deepest sympathy and condolences to the family." John Edrich's legacy will undoubtedly live on as one of the greatest cricketers of his era. He will be missed by all who knew him, and his contributions to the sport will be remembered for years to come.