article: Children visiting a zoo in Poland were left traumatised after seeing the law of the jungle first hand, when a lion killed a lioness. Families watched as Arco tore into young lioness Berghi, before gripping her around the throat and choking her to death. The lions had been brought to the zoo in Gdansk, a city in north-eastern Poland, to mark its 60th anniversary. Scroll down for video . Not playing: Children watched on in horror as a male lion killed a lioness at a zoo in Poland . The king of the jungle: Arco was brought to the zoo from Portugal, and didn't like sharing his enclosure . Safety in numbers: The three lionesses huddle together in their enclosure before the attack takes place . Arco had come from a zoo in Portugal, while Berghi and two other lionesses, had been brought over from France. Anna Malkowska, 28, said at first onlookers thought the lions were 'just having fun'. She said: 'But then it became very apparent that the male lion was clearly not playing, and suddenly it became like a horror show. 'My daughter started crying and we could see the female lioness was badly bleeding. Isolated: A lioness watches on apprehensively after being separated from her two female companions . Get out of here: Arco chases the female lions down the stairs  of their enclosure . Savaged: Two lionesses cower in the top of their enclosure as Arco tears into Berghi, while children watch on . Anna Malkowska, 28, said at first onlookers thought the lions were 'just having fun' Onlookers said it then became 'very apparent that the male lion was clearly not playing, and suddenly it became like a horror show' 'She was kicking her legs to try and get clear and then she stopped moving and was dead.' Zoo director Michal Targowski said the incident was 'terribly tragic' and the 'most unfortunate incident in the history of the zoo'. He extended an apology to the families that witnessed it. Mr Targowski said the zoo had spent the last few months preparing the enclosure for the lions' arrival 'but we didn't foresee this'. He added: 'Unfortunately, working with wild animals is always very unpredictable and even with the best preparations things like this can happen.'
highlights: The lions had been brought to the zoo to mark its 60th anniversary . While children watched on Arco, began wrestling with lioness Berghi . Onlookers thought they were 'playing' but then realised Berghi was dead .
id: 9f5661de449c00774785f1becfcea5c591f0ae94
chatgpt: Tragedy struck at a zoo in southern Italy as a lioness, named Berghi, was killed by a male lion named Arco during a display marking the 60th anniversary of the zoo. The incident occurred in front of a crowd of horrified onlookers, many of whom were young children. According to witnesses, Arco and Berghi had been brought out to the central area of the zoo where they were meant to be displayed to visitors as part of the anniversary celebrations. As soon as they were released into the enclosure, Arco approached Berghi and began to wrestle with her. The onlookers initially thought that they were playing, however, it soon became apparent that Berghi was in trouble. At first, staff tried to intervene to separate the two lions, but it was too late. Berghi had already been fatally injured. The zoo immediately closed to the public, and staff members were quick to reassure visitors that there was no danger as the zoo was secure. The incident has sent shockwaves throughout the zoo community and has prompted calls for a review of animal welfare and safety regulations at zoos. This is not the first time that a similar incident has occurred. Similar tragedies have been recorded in zoos around the world. Animal rights activists have long been campaigning against zoos, arguing that they are cruel to animals and pose a significant risk to visitors. Zoos, however, have argued that they are an important educational tool that helps people to learn about and appreciate animals. The Italian authorities have launched an investigation into the incident and are looking into whether the zoo had followed all the necessary safety protocols. There have been calls for the zoo owners to be held accountable for their negligence. The incident has also reignited the debate over whether zoos should exist at all. While some argue that they provide an essential role in animal conservation, others believe that animals in captivity should be released into the wild or placed in sanctuaries. In the meantime, the zoo has remained closed to the public as investigations continue. The tragic death of Berghi has shocked the visitors and staff of the zoo and serves as a reminder that wild animals should be treated with the utmost care and respect.