article: Minnesota Vikings' star running back Adrian Peterson has sparked anger - after appearing to compare his child abuse charges to the situation unfolding in Ferguson, Missouri. Peterson, who was arrested in September for disciplining his son, four, by striking him with a wooden switch, took to Twitter after a grand jury decided not to indict police officer Darren Wilson over the fatal shooting of unarmed Michael Brown. As the city descended into chaos, the 29-year-old told followers: 'The GRAND JURY DECIDED NOT TO INDICT ME TOO! But that changed a week LATER! MAYBE,BUT NOT LIKELY N THIS CASE' before adding, '#PUTyourTrustNGODnotINtheWORLD!'. Scroll down for video . Minnesota Vikings' star running back Adrian Peterson has sparked anger - after appearing to compare his child abuse charges to the situation unfolding in Ferguson, Missouri . Peterson took to Twitter after a grand jury decided not to indict police officer Darren Wilson over the fatal shooting of unarmed Michael Brown . The remarks prompted a backlash from Twitter users with one writing, 'This is gonna get taken down real quick by your PR guy'. Twitter user Michael G. Money said: 'Shhh not the same thing just let it ride'. Another wrote: 'Now is not a good time'. Peterson pleaded no contest in a Texas courtroom to a misdemeanor assault charge following his arrest and was told to pay a $4,000 (£2,550) fine and perform community service. The child, who has not been named, was left with cuts, marks and bruising to his thighs, back and one of his testicles, according to court records. He was later suspended without pay for at least the remainder of the 2014 NFL season. Shortly after his Tweet today, he posted another message which said: 'Others may misunderstand my good intentions, judge my words or deeds, find fault in what they truly do not understand. 'But God Knows my heart. He knows I am learning, trying.' The star running back posted a further Tweet a short time later after an earlier one had sparked outrage . The 29-year-old then followed it up with yet another Tweet an hour later . He followed it up with yet another Tweet an hour later, which said: 'MY HEART GOES OUT TO MIKE BROWN'S FAMILY! MY THOUGHTS & PRAYERS ARE WITH YOU! #PRAYING4PEACE.' Ferguson descended into lawlessness, chaos and fire overnight as violent looters ran riot after a grand jury decided not to indict police Officer Darren Wilson over the fatal shooting of unarmed Michael Brown. Violence flared after the decision was announced by St Louis County Prosecutor Robert McCulloch at around 8:25pm on Monday evening, and continued throughout the evening and into early Tuesday morning. President Barack Obama and the family of Michael Brown asked for calm. Angry crowds took to the streets around the Ferguson Police headquarters after the grand jury determined there was no probable cause to charge Wilson with any crime for the shooting of 18-year-old Brown this past summer.
highlights: Star running back took to Twitter following Ferguson grand jury decision . He wrote: 'The grand jury decided not to indict me too! But that changed a week later! Maybe, but not likely n this case' His comments prompted angry reaction from a number of Twitter users . Added further Tweet saying his 'heart goes out' to family of Michael Brown . Peterson arrested in September for disciplining his son by striking him with a wooden switch .
id: 15791f61e661cf08c406bb5d163e6ddd3ed5415f
chatgpt: Minnesota Vikings star running back, Adrian Peterson, has found himself in the headlines yet again after a series of tweets he posted yesterday following the news of the Ferguson grand jury decision. Peterson, who has been battling legal troubles of his own, took to Twitter to share his thoughts on the situation -- and they were not well-received by the online community. "The grand jury decided not to indict me too! But that changed a week later! Maybe, but not likely in this case," Peterson wrote, seemingly alluding to the criminal charges he's currently facing for disciplining his son by striking him with a wooden switch. The comments didn't sit well with many Twitter users, who were quick to express their outrage over what they perceived as a tone-deaf and insensitive remark. "How can he be so tone-deaf and insensitive?" one person tweeted. "He's comparing himself to an unarmed black teenager who was shot dead by a cop. This is disgusting." Another user wrote, "This is why we can't have nice things. A football player using a tragedy to make light of his own legal troubles. Pathetic." But Peterson wasn't finished. In a follow-up tweet, he wrote, "My heart goes out to Michael Brown's family. I stand with them in demanding justice and accountability for this senseless tragedy." While some praised Peterson for his show of solidarity with the Brown family, others accused the player of trying to use the situation to distract from his own legal troubles. "He's just trying to change the subject," one user wrote. "He knows how bad this looks, so he's trying to play the victim and make it all about him." Peterson has been embroiled in controversy since it was revealed that he disciplined his four-year-old son by hitting him with a switch earlier this year. The incident led to criminal charges, and Peterson was forced to sit out for several games while the legal process played out. And while many have criticized Peterson for his actions, others have come to his defense -- arguing that it's a cultural difference that's being misunderstood. "Growing up, this was just how discipline was done in my family and in my community," one person wrote. "It was never about abuse or cruelty -- it was about teaching respect and responsibility." As for Peterson's latest round of tweets, it remains to be seen how they will impact his public image and legal standing. But one thing is clear: social media has the power to amplify voices and spark heated debates like never before.