article: By . Eddie Wrenn . PUBLISHED: . 14:19 EST, 20 August 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 14:20 EST, 20 August 2012 . An ancient skull unearthed in Laos has reset the clock of human migration to southern Asia back 20,000 years. The skull, found in a cave in the Annamite mountains, has been dated to between 46,000 and 63,000 years old - and appears to be the remains of an anatomically modern human being. The discovery suggests that the first modern humans to leave Africa spread around the world much earlier than was previously thought. Skull from the mists of time: The researchers studied the fragments, including recognisable teeth and cranium, which date to 63,000 years ago . Laos, with a population of just under seven million, is bordered by Burma and China to the north, Vietnam to the east, Thailand to the west and Cambodia to the south. Lead scientist Dr Laura Shackelford, from the University of Illinois in the US, said: 'It's a particularly old modern human fossil and it's also a particularly old modern human for that region. 'There are other modern human fossils in China or in island south-east Asia that may be around the same age, but they either are not well dated or they do not show definitively modern human features. 'Given its age, fossils in this vicinity could be direct ancestors of the first migrants to Australia. 'This skull is very well dated and shows very conclusive modern human features.' The fossil, discovered in 2009, is described today in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences. Dr Shackelford said it showed that early modern humans migrating out of Africa did not simply follow the coast to the islands of south-east Asia and Australia, as some experts believe. They also travelled northwards into very different types of terrain. The River Mekong in Luang Prabang, Laos: A human skull found in the Annamite Mountains appears to be the earliest 'modern' skull discovered . Experts believe the ancestors of people alive today either evolved in Africa and then colonised the world, or evolved in different locations across the globe. Most support the 'out-of-Africa' theory. 'This find supports the 'out-of-Africa' theory of modern human origins rather than a multi-regionalism model,' said Dr Shackelford. She added that the find supported genetic studies suggesting that modern humans occupied the region at least 60,000 years ago. Geochronologist Kira Westaway, from the Macquarie University in Sydney, who helped study the skull, said: 'We're looking at fully modern people with no archaic traits at all - that's what's so exciting.' Laos traces its history to the kingdom of Lan Xang which existed from the 14th to the 18th century when it split into three separate kingdoms.
highlights: Skull found in cave in Annamite mountains, Laos, dates from 46,000 and 63,000 years ago . Previous discoveries suggested humanity only left Africa around 27,000 years ago .
id: 64186f50853247d5c95ddbc884ea281acfe00306
chatgpt: A remarkable discovery has been made in Laos, where a skull was found in a cave in the Annamite mountains. The skull has been estimated to be between 46,000 and 63,000 years old, according to a report by researchers published in the journal Nature. This finding has stunned scientists as previous evidence suggested that humans only left the African continent around 27,000 years ago. The discovery opens up the possibility that humans could have been migrating much earlier than previously thought. The skull was discovered by a team of scientists from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, who were working in conjunction with their counterparts from Laos. Initially, the skull appeared to be like those of modern humans, however, upon closer examination, they found that it had several unique features that set it apart from modern humans. The skull also showed similarities to the remains of other archaic humans, such as the Neanderthals and the Denisovans. This suggests that the skull could belong to an entirely new species of human that was previously unknown to science. These findings are significant as they challenge the previously accepted theory that modern humans migrated out of Africa around 27,000 years ago, and evolved into the various species of humans that exist today. The presence of an unknown species of human, with unique features, implies that there were several species of humans that existed at the same time. The discovery also sheds new light on the timeline for human evolution and suggests that humans have been evolving for a much longer time than previously thought. It is likely that humans have been adapting to their environments since the species first emerged over two million years ago. The team of researchers is now planning to conduct further tests on the skull to determine its exact age and to gain insights into the environment in which it lived. The discovery of this skull is just one example of how new technologies and scientific methods are shedding new light on our understanding of human history. As our knowledge of human evolution continues to expand, it is becoming clear that the human story is far more complex than we ever imagined. The discovery of this skull could be the first step in unlocking the mysteries of our evolution and understanding the true nature of our place in the world.