article: Washington (CNN)  -- It feels like it went by in the blink of an eye. Tai Shan, the giant panda cub so many people have come to know and love, is about to board a flight to China. "It's very bittersweet. We love him. We love having him here," said Erika Bauer, curator at the National Zoo in Washington. Tai Shan was born in the nation's capital, so you can confidently call him a Washingtonian. But he is to be sent to China, under an agreement between the two nations, to help replenish the endangered species' numbers in the wild. At 4½ years old, Tai Shan is more of a panda adolescent than a cub, but to Tai Shan fans, he will always be their baby. "We watched him as he grew up and it's kind of sad to see him go," said Kathleen Ryland of Highland, Maryland. Ryland brought her two children to say their goodbyes to Tai Shan at a farewell party at the National Zoo Saturday. Despite the snow falling on the panda exhibit, there were plenty of warm and fuzzy feelings about Tai Shan. "He's so cute. I'll miss him," said Claire Ryland, 7. It's often said that a visit to Washington is not complete without a stop at the zoo to see Tai Shan. Over the years, some have even gone as far to say that Tai Shan was Washington's No. 1 resident -- even getting top billing over the president. Tai Shan will leave for China on Thursday via the "FedEx Panda Express." He'll be joined by Mei Lan - a 3-year-old panda born at Zoo Atlanta in Georgia. Eventually, they will take part in a breeding program aimed at increasing the panda population. Giant pandas are currently on the endangered list. The National Zoo estimates that about 1,600 giant pandas are currently in the wild. Bauer says that's all the more reason to say goodbye to Tai Shan. "It's very important to get Tai Shan into the breeding population to help conserve the species in general. This is a very good day for him," she said.
highlights: Tai Shan, a 4-year-old giant panda, is to be delivered to China next week . A farewell party was held at the National Zoo in Washington on Saturday . He'll be joined in China by Mei Lan -- a 3-year-old panda born at Zoo Atlanta in Georgia . They will take part in a breeding program aimed at increasing China's panda population .
id: d72030c9ca6c72cdf79ee5c3ee590e9dceda8093
chatgpt: The National Zoo in Washington held a bittersweet farewell party on Saturday to celebrate the departure of one of their most beloved residents, Tai Shan, a 4-year-old giant panda. Tai Shan is set to be delivered to China next week, where he will participate in a breeding program aimed at increasing the population of pandas. Tai Shan has been living at the National Zoo in Washington since he was born in 2005. Over the years, he has become a beloved ambassador for panda conservation, and his departure has left many visitors and staff members feeling sad. Despite the sadness, there is also hope for the future. Tai Shan will be joined in China by Mei Lan, a 3-year-old panda born at Zoo Atlanta in Georgia. Together, they will take part in the breeding program, which is aimed at increasing the number of pandas in China. The breeding program is an important part of panda conservation efforts, as the giant panda is an endangered species. According to the World Wildlife Fund, there are only around 1,800 pandas left in the wild. The breeding program aims to increase the number of captive pandas in order to help boost the overall population. The National Zoo has been a key player in the breeding program, and Tai Shan is just one of several pandas that have been born at the zoo over the years. The zoo has worked closely with Chinese authorities to ensure that the pandas are well taken care of throughout their lives, and that they are able to contribute to the breeding program. For Tai Shan, the move to China will be a big change. He has spent his entire life at the National Zoo, and he has become something of a celebrity there. However, the move is necessary for his participation in the breeding program, and many believe that it is the best thing for him and for the conservation of his species. As for the National Zoo, they will be sad to see Tai Shan go, but they are also looking forward to the next stage of their panda conservation efforts. The zoo will continue to work with Chinese authorities to ensure that the pandas are well taken care of, and that they continue to play a key role in the conservation of this beloved species. In the end, the farewell party for Tai Shan was a bittersweet moment, but it was also a reminder of the importance of panda conservation. With dedicated efforts from zoos and conservation organizations around the world, there is hope for the future of this iconic species.