article: (CNN) -- The space shuttle Discovery is on pace for a Sunday launch after NASA engineers repaired a leaky gas venting system, officials said Saturday. Space shuttle Discovery readies for launch, which now appears on pace for Sunday. The leak had canceled a planned launch on Wednesday. NASA hopes the seven-member crew can take off around 7:40 p.m. Sunday on a mission to the international space station, where they will deliver supplies needed to expand the station's crew to six people. "The vehicle is looking real good ... ," lead shuttle flight director Mike Moses said. "Basically, I think I can sum this up by just saying we're good to go tomorrow and we're looking forward to getting the count going." A leak in a hydrogen gas vent line forced Wednesday's delay. Repairs went smoothly, Moses said. The line funnels flammable hydrogen away from the launch pad during takeoff. The shuttle crew will be delivering the final parts needed for an expanded solar energy power system that will allow the station to double its crew to six people. The crew also will be dropping off Japanese astronaut Koichi Wakata, who will replace NASA's Sandy Magnus on the space station. The shuttle also will carry a replacement for a failed unit in a system that converts urine to drinkable water, NASA said.  Watch an explanation of why Wednesday's launch was scrubbed » . Kathy Winters, the mission's chief weather officer, said Sunday appears to offer only a 20 percent chance of weather that would scrub the launch. The crew, led by commander Lee Archambault, is expected to board Discovery at Kennedy Space Center at Cape Canaveral, Florida, at about 4:30 p.m. Sunday. Officials said the crew has been training and resting for the mission since Wednesday. Earlier this week, Magnus, station commander Michael Fincke and Russian engineer Yury Lonchakov had to take shelter in their Soyuz spacecraft -- a lifeboat of sorts -- when a piece of debris from an earlier mission hurtled uncomfortably close to the station. The debris, moving about 20,000 mph, came within three miles of the station but caused no damage. Wednesday's launch postponement was the latest in a series of delays for Discovery as it tries to make the 28th shuttle mission to the space station. The launch had been delayed previously to allow time to check a "flow-control valve in the shuttle's main engines," NASA said last week. That resulted from damage being found in a valve on the shuttle Endeavour during its November 2008 flight. Three valves were cleared and installed on Discovery, it said. CNN's Kim Segal and John Zarella contributed to this report.
highlights: NEW: Repairs to leaky hydrogen gas vent line went well, NASA says . NASA hopes launch, scrubbed this week, will happen Sunday evening . Shuttle launch postponed Wednesday because of leak in a venting system . Shuttle to deliver supplies to the International Space Station .
id: f8a7691c1ef0d0ab9a4520c6f037ae5944f013b1
chatgpt: NASA announced today that repairs to a leaky hydrogen gas vent line on the Shuttle Atlantis have gone smoothly. According to officials, the repairs were completed quickly and without incident. The repairs were necessary after a leak in the venting system forced NASA to postpone the launch of the shuttle on Wednesday. The leak was discovered during the fueling process and led to concerns about the safety of the crew and the mission. However, officials are now optimistic that the launch will take place as scheduled on Sunday evening. The Shuttle Atlantis is set to deliver important supplies to the International Space Station, including scientific equipment and spare parts. NASA has not disclosed the exact cause of the leak, but officials have said that it was likely due to a faulty seal or valve. The vent line carries excess hydrogen gas away from the launch pad during the fueling process to prevent a buildup of flammable gas around the spacecraft. The leak was discovered during routine checks and the decision to postpone the launch was made out of an abundance of caution. NASA officials emphasized that safety is always their top priority and they will not launch the shuttle until they are confident that it is safe to do so. The successful completion of the repairs is a positive development for NASA, which has faced numerous setbacks in recent years. The agency has been working to modernize its equipment and procedures to ensure the safety and reliability of its missions. The Shuttle Atlantis is scheduled to lift off from the Kennedy Space Center in Florida on Sunday at 7:59 pm EDT. The launch window will remain open for several hours, allowing NASA to adjust the timing if necessary based on weather conditions. The mission to the International Space Station is an important one for NASA, as it will help scientists to conduct valuable research in a variety of fields, including biology, physics, and astronomy. The shuttle will also carry several experiments designed by students from around the world. Despite the postponement and the delay caused by the leak, NASA officials remain optimistic about the future of the agency and its missions. There are several other launches planned for the coming months, including the much-anticipated launch of the James Webb Space Telescope, which is set to take place later this year. As the agency continues to push the boundaries of space exploration, NASA remains committed to the safe and successful completion of all of its missions. The repairs to the Shuttle Atlantis are just one example of the dedication and expertise of the men and women who make NASA's achievements possible.