article: By . Ap  Reporter . Finally going to court: Charles Black stands accused of pushing his then-wife Lisa off 800-foot Maiden Cliff in Maine's Camden Hills State Park in April 2011 in an attempt to kill her and claim a $4 million inheritance . Charles and Lisa Black moved to Maine after careers as teachers in Kansas, pursuing an idyllic retirement that prosecutors say was destroyed by arguments over money and infidelity before both plummeted off a cliff. Prosecutors say 71-year-old Charles Black hit his wife on the head with a rock before pushing her off the 800-foot Maiden Cliff in April 2011 in in Camden Hills State Park. Lisa Black, 55, says she believed Charles was chasing her when he, too, tumbled down the mountain, according to a police report. His trial is set to begin Monday in Rockland with jury selection. Law . enforcement officials have said Lisa Black received a $4 million . inheritance from her father, and she and Charles Black had a dispute . over how he spent some of the money without her permission. Lisa has . also accused Charles Black of having an online affair. Charles . Black now lives in Salt Lake City and faces numerous charges, including . attempted murder, which carries a maximum sentence of 30 years in . prison. The prosecution has also asked the court for permission to . introduce evidence that he had earlier tried to poison Lisa Black. Black's . attorney, Walter McKee, attempted to have the charges dismissed over . the way prosecutors obtained hundreds of pages of Black's medical . records. He has said prosecutors used 'secret search warrants' to get . Black's the records and should have subpoenaed them instead. McKee lost . the bid for dismissal in April. McKee . said he expects the trial to take two weeks. He said the recent . accusation of poisoning is 'bizarre' and the state can expect 'a . vigorous challenge.' Calls . to Lisa Black and Charles Black were not returned. Police said the . couple was hiking on Mount Megunticook when the fall occurred. He told police he fainted, fell forward and hit the back of Lisa Black's head with his own head, but he had no memory of pushing her off the cliff. They divorced in 2013 after nine years of marriage. The Blacks are former Johnson County, Kansas, teachers who had moved to Maine about a year earlier. Lisa Black had taught fourth grade while Charles Black was a social studies teacher. A judge banned Charles Black from staying in Camden during the trial. Prosecutors have said Lisa Black is concerned about her safety if Charles is allowed in town. In addition to attempted murder, Black is charged with two counts of elevated aggravated assault and three counts of aggravated assault.
highlights: Charles Black is accused of pushing Lisa Black, 55, off the 800-foot Maiden Cliff in Maine in 2011 . Prosecutors say Lisa tumbled a short distance before landing a running for help . Charles fell after her and is now accused of attempted murder .
id: fc2e1be411b767970941d5d0665f9fb2f9ec279b
chatgpt: A man from Maine is facing charges of attempted murder after being accused of pushing his wife off a cliff in 2011. Charles Black is currently on trial for allegedly tossing his wife Lisa Black off the 800-foot Maiden Cliff in Maine, causing her to tumble down a short distance before she ran for help. The incident occurred many years ago but the case has finally come to trial. Prosecutors allege that Black had long harbored a plan to kill his wife and that he finally put it into action by pushing her off the cliff. According to court records, Lisa Black was hiking with her husband when he suddenly and without warning pushed her off the cliff. She tumbled down the cliff face, hitting rocks and boulders along the way, before finally landing on a patch of ground where she was able to get up and run for help. Prosecutors say that Charles Black quickly followed his wife over the cliff and may have intended to finish her off or cover up the evidence. They allege that he was motivated by money, as his wife’s life insurance policy was set to pay out a sizable sum in the event of her death. The case has been a long time coming, with investigators working tirelessly to piece together the events of that fateful day. The trial has revealed a number of interesting details about the couple’s relationship, including the fact that they were going through a difficult period in their marriage at the time of the incident. Charles Black has repeatedly denied any involvement in his wife’s fall, claiming that it was an accident. His defense team argues that the state’s case is built on circumstantial evidence and that there is no direct proof linking Black to the crime. The trial promises to be a tense affair, with emotions running high as the jury hears testimony from witnesses and experts on both sides. As the trial progresses, it will be up to the prosecution to prove beyond a reasonable doubt that Charles Black intended to kill his wife when he pushed her off that cliff all those years ago. For Lisa Black, the trial is a chance for justice to be done and for her husband to be held accountable for his alleged actions. Meanwhile, for Charles Black, the trial represents a fight for his freedom and his reputation. The verdict will be eagerly anticipated by all those involved in the case, and by interested observers around the country.