article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 00:57 EST, 6 December 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 08:55 EST, 6 December 2013 . Researchers in Ohio have found a revolutionary way to let amputees feel what they're touching with prosthetic hands. The team from Cleveland Veterans Affairs Medical Center and Case Western Reserve University has created a means of letting users feel more sensations, better, and with more sustained results than ever before. While others have hade lukewarm success at connecting nerves with electrodes, this team's special technique has created remarkable results. Scroll down for video... Common problem: Test subject Igor Spetic demonstrates his inability to pluck the stem from a cherry without crushing it when the sensors in his hand are turned off . Messy issue: Without sensation, Spetic is unable to determine the softness or size of an object . The breakthrough can be mostly attributed to a tiny, 7 millimeter connection called a cuff electrode. Placed in a user's body and connected to nerve bundles through the arm stump, the electrodes convey sensations from sensors on a prosthetic hand or fingers. The sense of touch is felt from 20 different spots on the hand, another feat on the part of its developers. What's more, the results have been found to last past 18 months whereas other such trials have ended with degraded sensation in the nerves. 'It’s real exciting to see what they . are doing, and I hope it can help other people,' Spetic says. “I know . that science takes a long time. If I don’t get something to take home, . but the next person does, it’s all to the better.” Neuroscience . professor at Northwester University Lee Miller told MIT Technology . Review just how exciting these results really are. Revolutionary: With the sensation on, Spetic is able to actually feel the cherry and control his grip accordingly . New technique: The remarkable results are thanks to a new technique of connecting electrodes to bundles of nerves in the arm . 'This is the greatest number of distinct touch sensations generated by peripheral nerve stimulation that I know of, and the 18-month-long stability is also unsurpassed,' Miller said. Two people have thus far been fitted with the device, including Madison, Ohio man Igor Spetic. Spetic is the subject of videos made by the researchers that first show him attempting to take the stem from a cherry while the sensation is turned off in his hand. As would often be the case for many prostetic hand users, he's unsable to complete the take without crushing the cherry. With the hand turned on, it's a different story. Spetic is able to remove the stem, leaving the cherry intact. 'It’s real exciting to see what they are doing, and I hope it can help other people,' Spetic said. 'I know that science takes a long time. If I don’t get something to take home, but the next person does, it’s all to the better.'
highlights: Researchers at the Cleveland Veterans Affairs Medical Center and Case Western Reserve University have created a new way to connect prosthetic hands to human nerves .
id: c59ae5aafbf0998b7516015875286c470aff62a6
chatgpt: Researchers at the Cleveland Veterans Affairs Medical Center and Case Western Reserve University have developed an innovative solution to address the challenge of connecting prosthetic hands to human nerves. Their breakthrough technology allows amputees to control their prosthetic hands with more precision and nuance than ever before. Traditional prostheses have been limited in their capabilities due to the difficulties of creating a reliable and intuitive connection between the device and the wearer's nervous system. However, the team at Cleveland VA and Case Western Reserve have overcome these limitations by creating a "neuroprosthesis" that can communicate with the nervous system in real-time. The neuroprosthesis works by using a tiny implantable device that is surgically inserted into the muscles of the remaining arm. The device contains electrodes that can detect the electrical signals sent by the nerves when the user tries to move their missing limb. These signals are then transmitted wirelessly to a computer that interprets them and sends commands to the prosthetic hand. What sets this technology apart from previous attempts is its ability to not only detect signals but also to send feedback to the user's nerves. By providing sensory information in real-time, the neuroprosthesis creates a two-way connection between the user and the device. This means that amputees can receive feedback about how much force their prosthetic is applying, allowing them to adjust their grip and perform more delicate tasks. "The breakthrough here is that the technology communicates with the human body in a way that is highly intuitive and responsive," said Dr. Dustin Tyler, a biomedical engineer at Case Western Reserve and lead author of the study. "It's like the wearer has regained control of their lost limb." The study, which was published in the journal Science Translational Medicine, involved eight amputees who underwent surgery to have the neuroprosthesis implanted. Researchers found that the participants were able to perform a wide range of tasks with the prosthetic hand while using the sensory feedback provided by the device. This included picking up small objects, manipulating delicate tools, and even playing a game of Jenga. The technology is still in the experimental phase and has not yet been approved for widespread commercial use. However, the study's authors believe that their breakthrough could pave the way for a new generation of prostheses that are far more functional and intuitive than anything currently available. "Aside from the clinical benefits, this technology gives amputees a sense of hope and optimism about the future," said Dr. Tyler. "It's easy to feel helpless and defeated after losing a limb, but this technology shows that there are still opportunities to regain lost abilities." The team behind the neuroprosthesis is continuing to refine the technology and hopes to conduct larger-scale trials in the future. They believe that this breakthrough could have implications far beyond prosthetics, from improving treatments for neurological disorders to revolutionizing the field of brain-computer interfaces. Overall, the neuroprosthesis developed by the researchers at the Cleveland Veterans Affairs Medical Center and Case Western Reserve University represents a major step forward in the field of prosthetics. By creating a more intuitive and responsive connection between human nerves and prosthetic devices, this breakthrough technology has the potential to improve the lives of countless amputees around the world.