article: By . Jason Groves . PUBLISHED: . 20:02 EST, 27 September 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 04:24 EST, 28 September 2013 . David Cameron and Nick Clegg have begun secret talks about a second coalition after the next election, a new book claimed last night. The two men are said to have discussed the idea ‘from time to time’ over the past year, amid mounting speculation that the 2015 election could result in another hung parliament. Mr Clegg is said to have told Mr Cameron privately that he would be reluctant to go into government with Labour leader Ed Miliband – despite claiming in public that he would be happy to negotiate with whoever has the most MPs after the election. Second term? David Cameron and Nick Clegg are said to have discussed setting up another Coalition . The claims, which were denied by Downing Street last night, are made in a new book by journalist Matthew d’Ancona, who has enjoyed privileged access to the Conservative leadership before and after the last election. The revelation that Mr Cameron is considering a second coalition will infuriate many of his MPs, who believe the Lib Dems have neutered the Government and frustrated tough action on welfare, immigration and tax. Many MPs – and some ministers – would rather see the Conservatives try to operate as a minority government if they fall short of an overall majority in 2015. The Prime Minister is said to have told Mr Clegg that, unlike in 2010, he would need the active consent of his party before a second deal could be signed off. Outcast: The news that the two rival parties are discussing another Coalition will be a bitter blow to Labour Party Leader Ed Miliband . Mr d’Ancona writes: ‘From time to time, he (Mr Cameron) would raise the question of a second coalition with Clegg. “If we did it again,” he mused to the Deputy Prime Minister, “I’d have to seek collective permission”.’ No 10 flatly rejected Mr d’Ancona’s claim that talks on a second coalition were under way. A spokesman said: ‘There are not, nor have there been any plans or talks to form a new coalition post-2015. The Prime Minister is entirely focused on running the country.’ Nevertheless, Mr Cameron is likely to be confronted over the claims at the Conservative Party conference. The book also claims that Steve Hilton, Mr Cameron’s mercurial strategy chief, walked out after concluding that he was a ‘reactive, not transformative Prime Minister’.
highlights: Clegg has told Cameron that he would be 'reluctant' to join forces with Labour and Ed Miliband . Claims made in new book by journalist Matthew d’Ancona . But many backbenchers would rather go it alone in minority government .
id: e79261d90c22c016a498e92e135c3f9be1433cee
chatgpt: Nick Clegg, the former deputy prime minister of the United Kingdom, has reportedly informed his former coalition partner, David Cameron, that he would be "reluctant" to form a coalition with the Labour Party led by Ed Miliband. This comes after claims were made in a new book by journalist Matthew d'Ancona. However, despite Clegg's reservations, many backbenchers in the Liberal Democrat party would prefer to go it alone in a minority government. The new book, titled "In It Together: The Inside Story of the Coalition Government," is a detailed account of the years during which the Liberal Democrats were in coalition with the Conservatives. It includes various claims about the interactions between the coalition partners, as well as insights into the personalities of the key players involved. In particular, d'Ancona suggests that Clegg was not particularly keen on the idea of forming a coalition with Labour after the 2015 general election. Clegg had been the leader of the Liberal Democrats throughout the coalition years and had worked closely with Cameron to implement their shared agenda. However, he apparently did not see eye-to-eye with Miliband and was concerned about the direction that the Labour Party was heading in. Despite this, many Liberal Democrat backbenchers have indicated that they would prefer to go it alone in a minority government rather than form another coalition. They believe that the party needs to re-establish itself as a distinct political force and that another coalition would only serve to undermine this goal. One backbencher, Tom Brake, told The Guardian that he would be "very reluctant" to form another coalition, arguing that the previous coalition had resulted in the Liberal Democrats losing ground to their coalition partners. Brake suggested that a minority government would be a better option for the party, allowing them to pursue their own agenda and forge new alliances in parliament. Another backbencher, John Leech, echoed this sentiment, arguing that the party needed to avoid being seen as "kingmakers" for either the Conservatives or Labour. He suggested that a minority government would allow the Liberal Democrats to be "a more critical voice" in parliament and to focus on issues that mattered most to their constituents. Overall, it seems that while there may be some reservations at the top of the party about forming another coalition, many backbenchers are ready to strike out on their own. Whether this will prove to be the right strategy for the Liberal Democrats remains to be seen, but it is clear that the party is eager to reposition itself as a distinct political force in the UK.