article: (CNN) -- John Brennan says he did not go to the Portland International Airport intending to get naked. But after feeling harassed by airport screeners Tuesday, the 50-year-old Portland, Oregon, man stripped off his clothes in a protest that brought him even more attention from airport authorities, national headlines and a short stint in jail. "I just took off my clothes and said 'See, I don't have any explosives,'" Brennan told CNN on Wednesday. "The individuals at TSA are just doing their job and the whole organization needs to find a balance between safety and privacy . They use fear and intimidation and it's got to stop somewhere." The Transportation Security Administration had a different take on the incident. "TSA partners with the traveling public to screen all passengers safely and efficiently. When a passenger chooses to be purposefully disruptive, we notify law enforcement," the organization said in a statement. Brennan said he lives in Portland and was traveling to San Jose, California, for business. After he went through the metal detector and was patted down, a screener told him he tested positive for explosives, he said. Brennan said he felt "humiliated," and decided to take off all his clothes. He is no stranger to naked protest as he has participated in a nude bike ride in Portland, he said. "I am aware that's a tool I can use for free speech," he said. "I know that as an Oregonian and as a citizen, one of my ways of expressing myself is being naked. It gets people's attention." And it did. Police said some passengers shielded their children's eyes, while others laughed and snapped photos. TSA officials called police. Brennan was handcuffed and walked back to a holding room while officers draped a blanket on him. He was taken to a county jail, and now faces charges of disorderly conduct and indecent exposure. Brennan says it was worth it. "I'm choosing liberty because my privacy and constitutional liberties are worth fighting for," he said.
highlights: The man is charged with disorderly conduct and indecent exposure . "As a citizen one of my ways of expressing myself is being naked," Brennan says . TSA: When a passenger chooses to be purposefully disruptive, we notify police .
id: a3eab235e3dec155e5bb642cffb1e965fbbaa6f6
chatgpt: A man has been arrested and charged with disorderly conduct and indecent exposure by the Transportation Security Administration (TSA) at the Miami International Airport in Florida. The TSA alerted the police as the passenger, identified as Brennan, decided to go through the security checkpoint without any clothes on. "As a citizen one of my ways of expressing myself is being naked," Brennan exclaimed. However, the TSA officials were not amused by his actions and immediately alerted the police. Brennan was taken into custody by the airport police on charges of indecent exposure and disorderly conduct. According to the TSA, "When a passenger chooses to be purposefully disruptive, we notify police." This arrest followed the TSA's standard operating procedures under such circumstances, which are clearly outlined on its website. While many may argue that such acts of public nudity are a form of self-expression, the law sees it differently. In most states, including Florida, public nudity is considered a crime that can lead to criminal charges and a potential jail sentence. This incident is just one of the many cases where passengers flout TSA guidelines and act inappropriately at airport security checkpoints. TSA officers are accustomed to dealing with challenging passengers, but serious criminal offenses like this one are rare. TSA officials reiterated that they have a responsibility to maintain a safe and secure environment for all travelers, and that any behavior that threatens the safety of passengers or personnel will be dealt with accordingly. The TSA is urging passengers to cooperate with security officials and follow screening guidelines, including dressing appropriately for travel. Cases like Brennan's not only cause inconvenience to other travelers, but also disrupt airport operations. As for Brennan, he is currently awaiting trial and could face a punishment of up to a year in jail and a $1,000 fine if found guilty.