article: (CNN) -- Johan Bruyneel has become the first victim of a United States government investigation into Lance Armstrong and doping. Armstrong was part of "the most sophisticated, professionalized and successful doping program that sport has ever seen," the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency said Wednesday in releasing more than 1,000 pages of evidence in the case. Evidence of Armstrong doping 'overwhelming,' agency says . Bruyneel, who was a close confidante of Armstrong during his seven Tour de France wins, has left his post as general manager of RadioShack by mutual agreement. Bruyneel was named in the USADA report which alleged that he was involved in helping Armstrong organize doping within the US Postal Team. "From this day on, Johan Bruyneel will no longer act in the position of general manager of cycling team RadioShack Nissan Trek," a statement said on the team's website. But Bruyneel says he is disappointed with the way he has been treated and says the USADA may have harmed his chances of a fair trial. "I am surprised and extremely disappointed that USADA released information in the public domain relating to their pending case against me before I had been given any opportunity to review the evidence and provide my defence against it," he told AFP. "I still hope to be able to defend myself in a forum free from bias, although I now fear that USADA's calculated action may have irreversibly prejudiced my case. "It is a troubling facet of USADA's approach to this case that it appears not to respect basic principles such as the right to be heard and the presumption of innocence." The Belgian was Armstrong's team manager when the Texan won his seven tour victories between 1999-2005. Lance Armstrong's legacy may withstand accusations . He also worked alongside Armstrong in 2009 and 20010 following his three-and-a-half year spell away from cycling. Bruyneel along with team doctor Pedro Celaya and team trainer Jose "Pepe" Marti will all receive a hearing before an independent judge to fight the charges following the report. Bruyneel's departure comes after RadioShack rider Fabian Cancellara claimed he was close to leaving the team following the report. "Johan's name is cited 129 times in the report," Cancellara was quoted as saying by the Belgian newspaper Het Laatste Nieuws. "I don't know if I can still work with Johan. We'll see what happens next. I want to know what happened."
highlights: Bruyneel leaves role as general manager of RadioShack following USADA report . Belgian was Armstrong's team manager between 1999-2005 . Bruyneel to fight charges in hearing before independent judge . Fabian Cancellera admitted he may no longer be able to work with Bruyneel .
id: d05a4f13d1c4ac4dd7ba5f975f4ea6b0da0c44f0
chatgpt: Johan Bruyneel, the former team manager of Lance Armstrong, has stepped down from his role as the general manager of RadioShack-Nissan-Trek following the US Anti-Doping Agency's (USADA) report on doping in professional cycling. Bruyneel has been implicated in the report, which named him as part of a systematic doping program involving Armstrong's teams from 1999 to 2005. In a statement released by the team, Bruyneel said he had "decided to voluntarily leave my position as general manager of RadioShack-Nissan-Trek." He added that he has "always disputed the charges against me and I look forward to a hearing before an independent judge where the evidence can be tested." The USADA report identified Bruyneel as a central figure in the doping program, and alleged that he was involved in the supply and administration of banned substances to his riders. The report also accused Bruyneel of encouraging and facilitating doping, as well as covering up positive drug tests. Fabian Cancellara, a rider on the RadioShack team, has admitted that Bruyneel's continued involvement with the team could cause tension. "If he stays on as general manager, it will be difficult for me to work with him," said Cancellara. "It's not just me. There are a lot of people on the team who feel the same way." The decision by Bruyneel to step down from his role comes amidst increasing pressure on the team and its sponsors. Following the release of the USADA report, RadioShack's main sponsor, the electronics retailer RadioShack Corporation, announced it would "reevaluate" its relationship with the team. The company said it was "disappointed" by the allegations made against the team and its members. The departure of Bruyneel is the latest in a long line of high-profile departures from professional cycling in the wake of the USADA report. Armstrong himself was stripped of his seven Tour de France titles and banned from the sport for life by the USADA. Other riders, including Levi Leipheimer and Christian Vande Velde, have also admitted to doping and have received suspensions. Bruyneel has maintained his innocence throughout the investigation into the doping program, and has said he is looking forward to the opportunity to defend himself in front of an independent judge. However, his departure from RadioShack may be seen as an admission of guilt by some, and is likely to increase pressure on other members of the team to come forward with information about the doping program.