article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . and Ap  Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 19:49 EST, 19 December 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 09:24 EST, 20 December 2013 . Katie Couric is calling it quits on her weekday talk show as she heads to Yahoo. Couric and Disney-ABC, which produces the syndicated 'Katie' show, said Thursday it will wrap after this, its second season. Tepid ratings and a whopping production cost of $30 to $40 are reportedly the major problems behind the decision. Not fun enough? Tepid ratings and a reported production cost of $30 to $40 million per year have spelled the end of Katie Couric's tw-year-old talk show . This according to Deadline, where it was also reported that Katie's lack of draw was hurting ratings of the newscasts that followed. 'While production will continue on Katie through June 2014, we've mutually agreed that there will not be a third season of the show,' said Couric and Disney. 'We’re very proud of everyone’s contributions to making Katie the #1 new syndicated talk show of 2012-2013, and we look forward to the rest of the season.' Too stiff? Couric (here with actress Shirley Jones) has struggled to find her place in daytime television . Katie will continue to air through the summer. The announcement was widely expected. Last month, Couric, 56, announced she is joining Yahoo to anchor an expansion of the Internet company's video news initiative. She will serve as the Sunnyvale, Calif.-based company's global anchor, a role she described as a 'work in progress.' At the time, she also announced she is leaving ABC, which she joined in the summer of 2011 in an unusual arrangement as a utility player for the news division while getting her syndicated show off the ground. Couric, 56, announced she is joining Yahoo to anchor an expansion of the Internet company's video news initiative. She will serve as the Sunnyvale, Calif.-based company's global anchor, a role she described as a 'work in progress.' 'Katie' premiered a year later with high expectations. It reunited her with Jeff Zucker, who as executive producer of the 'Today' show was in the control room during many of Couric's star-making years at the NBC morning show, on which she first became a household name. Couric was co-host on 'Today' from 1991 until she left to join CBS in 2006. Zucker served as an executive producer of 'Katie' but left to become president of CNN Worldwide this year. The 'Katie' show was poised to fill the huge gap left in the afternoon schedule by Oprah Winfrey, who left the syndicated daytime arena in the summer of 2011 to concentrate on her OWN cable network. But with an average of 2.2 million viewers, 'Katie' never emerged as a breakout hit.
highlights: Syndicated talk show Katie won't continue production after a disappointing two seasons which cost as much as $40M each to produce . Couric will go on to anchor an expansion of Yahoo's video news initiative . The show will air through June 2014 .
id: 15c70da4ed84ce6c9c06f34667d5b03fe7a206fb
chatgpt: After two seasons and a whopping $40 million per season, the daytime talk show "Katie" is ending its production. Despite the high expectations for the program, the show has fallen short of ratings and revenue goals, according to a recent statement from Disney-ABC. The decision to cancel the show was made jointly by ABC and host, Katie Couric, who will be moving on to a new position as the anchor of an expansion of Yahoo's video news initiative. The new role will allow Couric to leverage her journalistic experience and skills to help create a more robust and diverse online news offering, while also giving her the chance to connect with millions of viewers in a new and engaging way. Despite the show's cancellation, Couric says she is looking forward to the future of her career and is excited to embrace new challenges presented by emerging platforms like Yahoo. "The last couple of years has been a terrific experience, but as I look ahead, I see an incredible opportunity to help build a dynamic and innovative news organization that is on the cutting edge of everything that's happening in the world," she said in a recent interview. The talk show, which taped in New York City and aired nationally, featured celebrity interviews and discussions of current events and popular culture. It debuted in September 2012, with the hope that it would fill the void left by Oprah Winfrey's departure from daytime television the previous year. Despite the initial fanfare, "Katie" struggled to maintain its audience and ultimately failed to secure significant advertising revenue. Nevertheless, the final episode will air in June 2014, giving fans and supporters of the show a chance to say goodbye to one of the most anticipated daytime programs in recent years. As for Couric, her transition to Yahoo is another sign of how much the media landscape is changing, with traditional news outlets struggling to maintain relevance in an era where audiences are increasingly turning to online sources for their news and information. But Couric, who has worked for some of the most prestigious news organizations in the world, including CBS, NBC, and CNN, is not afraid of the challenge. "I'm really excited to be part of a company that's committed to innovation and creativity," she said. "I think we're going to be able to do some really cool things together that will change the face of news and information in the coming years."  In the end, while the cancellation of "Katie" may be seen as a disappointment to some, it is also a symbol of the ever-changing and unpredictable nature of the media industry. With Couric's move to Yahoo, the future of news and information may be taking a new form, but one thing is certain – the public will always be ready to embrace the next big thing.