article: By . Ryan Gorman . PUBLISHED: . 10:28 EST, 6 September 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 13:51 EST, 6 September 2013 . A Catholic high school teacher suspended last week after a racy skit on the ‘Tonight Show’ has been reinstated. Introduced by host Jay Leno as an audience member taking part in a ‘sizzle reel’ skit, Steve Endemano is featured in a fake movie trailer for an anti-steroids film. The risqué ending caused Whittier Christian High School in La Habra, CA., to be suspended, but has been returned to the classroom after a groundswell of support from students. Mr Endemano, 64, is depicted as a cycling enthusiast who wants to turn pro, and believes he can win without taking steroids. SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO . Oh my God: A student tells Steve Endemano 'they're huge' after he drops his towel . .Initially removed from the classroom for the skit, which ended with him in a locker room dropping a towel and a student saying ‘oh my God, they’re huge,’ the teacher and coach has been allowed to return for his 35th year at the school. When first introduced, Mr Endemano explained he teaches Bible, calculus and physics, and that he dreamed of being a professional cyclist. ‘I love to ride bikes, I ride bikes all the time, and I would love to be a professional cyclist’ he told Mr Leno, before adding that he’s ‘only 64.’ The talk show host then introduces the faux trailer for ‘Get Some Balls: The Steve Endemano Story.’ 2 and half minutes of fame: Mr Endemano (right) was featured in an 'audience sizzle reels' segment on the 'Tonight Show' with Jay Leno (left) The trailer shows Mr Endemano’s disappointment in disgraced cyclist Lance Armstrong admitting having taken performance enhancing drugs in an interview with Oprah Winfrey. ‘Lance! Why?’ Mr Endemano yells out. The voiceover then says ‘one 64-year-old man is determined to beat father time,’ before Mr Endamano is shown riding a bike and training before eventually ending up in a locker room with the city champ, whom he calls ‘dirty’ for taking steroids. Mr Enemano then drops his towel and the student says ‘they’re huge,’ to which the teacher replies ‘and they’re comin’ for you.’ No juicing: Mr Ednemano is depicted as a 64-year-old man who wants to be a professional cycler, but doesn't need steroids to win . The school suspended the teacher shortly after skit aired. Students responded by creating a Facebook page demanding he be reinstated, and several students who spoke to local media agreed that while regrettable, the skit should not result in his dismissal. ‘I think he should come back to school, because we miss him as a teacher, and he’s great to have on campus,’ a student told KTLA before Mr Endemano was reinstated. He’s just overall a good teacher, I love him, another student said. ‘Come back Mr Endemano,’ said another student. The effort appears to have paid off, as Mr Ednemano will be in class after only a week suspension.
highlights: Steve Endemano, 64, has been a teacher and coach at the school for 34 years . He was removed from the classroom after appearing in a skit depicting him disrobing in a locker room and a student observing how big his genitalia are because he doesn't use steroids . With students calling for him to be returned to the classroom, the suspension lasted only one week .
id: 39c57270c31883e58b9620447ecd37604a481031
chatgpt: A high school teacher and coach at a school in upstate New York has been suspended for a week after appearing in a provocative skit that has caused a stir among students and parents. Steve Endemano, 64, has been a respected teacher and coach at the school for 34 years, but his recent behavior has raised eyebrows among school officials. Endemano's suspension came after he was seen in a skit that showed him disrobing in a locker room, with a student observing how big his genitalia are because he doesn't use steroids. The skit, which was performed during a staff meeting, has been criticized as inappropriate and offensive by many of the school's students and parents. Despite the backlash, many students have rallied in support of Endemano, calling for his reinstatement to the classroom. Some argue that his actions were harmless and that his suspension was unwarranted. "I think it's ridiculous that they suspended him," said one student. "It was just a joke, and I don't think it was meant to be taken seriously. He's been a great teacher and coach for all these years, and I don't think this one incident should define him." However, other students and parents feel differently, arguing that Endemano's behavior was completely inappropriate and that he should be held accountable for his actions. They point to the fact that he is a role model for many of the school's students, and that his behavior sets a bad example. "The fact that he would even think to do something like that in front of a group of students and colleagues is just completely unacceptable," said one parent. "Even if it was meant to be a joke, it was in incredibly poor taste." School officials have yet to weigh in on the incident, but it is likely that they will take disciplinary action against Endemano in the coming days. In the meantime, many students and parents continue to debate the appropriateness of his actions, with some arguing that his suspension was too harsh while others insist that he should be stripped of his teaching duties altogether. Regardless of the outcome, it is clear that this incident has sparked a heated debate in the school community, with many questioning the boundaries of appropriate behavior in the classroom and beyond. As the debate continues, it remains to be seen whether Endemano will be able to recover from this incident and continue to be a respected teacher and coach at the school.