article: By . David Kent . Willian gave Brazil an injury scare when he hobbled out of training with a back injury on Saturday, but he says he is fit to face the Germans. Brazil face Germany on Tuesday in Belo Horizonte without their star man Neymar and without the suspended Thiago Silva. But the Chelsea midfielder will be available for Luis Felipe Scolari. VIDEO: Scroll down to watch Willian ready to fill Neymar's boots . Down: Willian had caused a scare when he picked up the injury during training on Saturday . Concern: Luiz Felipe Scolari looks worried at the possibility that Willian may not be fit for Germany . Treatment: The Chelsea man is tipped to replace Neymar for Tuesday's World Cup semi-final . Recovery: Willian limped away but on Sunday claimed he will be fit enough to play against Germany . VIDEO Willian ready to fill Neymar's boots . 'I was hurt on my left side,' Willian told a press conference on Sunday. 'It bothers me a bit but it is not significant . 'I am available to play.' Willian hopes his relationship with Chelsea team-mate Oscar, who usually plays alongside Neymar and Hulk behind main striker Fred, will be helpful if he gets the nod for the match in Belo Horizonte. 'We have played a lot of games together,' he added. Listen up: Willian hopes his partnership with Chelsea teammate Oscar will help Brazil make the final . Massive loss: Brazil will be without their start man Neymar after this tackle ended his World Cup . 'With Chelsea I played more to the right with Oscar through the middle, but we were free to move around. 'We are very familiar with each other's game. I know about his skills and he knows mine. 'I don't think it would be a problem because we have worked together for one year at Chelsea.' VIDEO We'll cope with Neymar loss - Bernard .
highlights: Midfielder expected to replace injured star Neymar . Chelsea man picked up an injury in Saturday's training session . Willian has recovered and hopes to team up with clubmate Oscar . Brazil face Germany in semi-final on Tuesday .
id: abe3afe2d390de4f4ccbfe3c148ec09959aa5d41
chatgpt: With Brazil's star player Neymar out, all eyes are on the team's midfield to step up and fill the void. One player expected to play a pivotal role in the semi-final against Germany is Chelsea's Willian. The midfielder was initially a doubt for the match after picking up an injury in training on Saturday. However, he has since recovered and is now hoping to team up with his clubmate Oscar to lead Brazil to victory. Willian has been in top form this tournament, scoring two goals and providing one assist. He has been praised for his work rate and ability to make things happen in the midfield. With Neymar out of the tournament due to a broken vertebra, Brazil will need all the help they can get to beat Germany, who are in strong form themselves. The loss of Neymar is a huge blow to Brazil, as he has been their standout player throughout the tournament. However, the team has shown that they can cope without him. In their quarter-final match against Colombia, Brazil played with a level of intensity and urgency that was arguably missing in their previous matches. They will need to replicate that same level of performance if they are to overcome the challenge of Germany. Willian will be hoping to put in a big performance to help his team reach the final. He has proven himself to be a reliable and skilled midfielder, who can create chances and score goals. He will likely play a key role in Brazil's attacking play, alongside the likes of Oscar and Hulk. The semi-final against Germany is set to be a tense and highly anticipated match, with both teams fighting for a place in the final. Brazil will be hoping that Willian and the rest of the team can rise to the occasion and deliver a performance worthy of their status as one of the tournament favourites.