article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 11:05 EST, 20 August 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 12:57 EST, 20 August 2013 . A man pulled a pistol on his friends and opened fire, killing one and critically wounding another, in a dispute over beer money, a court heard. Gumaro Torres has been charged with first-degree murder, attempted first-degree murder and aggravated battery with a deadly weapon over the shootings in Chicago, Illinois. The 31-year-old is being held with no bail after the fatal incident on the 1800 block of North Pulaski Road, in Chicago's Hermosa neighbourhood, late last Friday night. Senseless: Gumaro Torres has been charged with first-degree murder, attempted first-degree murder and aggravated battery with a deadly weapon over the shootings in Chicago, Illinois . Prosecutors allege that Torres was sitting drinking around a picnic table in the back yard of a home with a group of others when he began to get angry at getting no change from his beer money. An argument broke out and after a short while the suspect is alleged to have left the group and gone to his nearby home before returning with a loaded 9mm semi-automatic hand gun. 'He stated that he was angry that when he returned the victims laughed at him,' prosecutors told the court. Incensed, he 'immediately began to fire his gun at Jose De LaFuente,' prosecutors were quoted by the Chicago Tribune as saying. Mr De LaFuente, 35, was shot in the abdomen and died at Mount Sinai Hospital at 2.45am on Saturday morning. A scene picture shows the area of the 1800 block of North Pulaski Road, in Chicago's Hermosa neighbourhood . Another friend tried to tackle Torres but, as he approached, was shot in the hand, abdomen, leg and right hip. The injured 27-year-old remains in a critical condition at the Advocate Illinois Masonic Medical Center. A third man was able to subdue Torres, but not before suffering several 'pistol whips' in the head with the butt of the pistol. He was treated at the scene and released.
highlights: Gumaro Torres allegedly turned a handgun on friends at a party . He is being held with no bail after the incident on Friday night .
id: 334fe0b4f996463abe753b7dae058bddd4fc47c8
chatgpt: A man is being held with no bail after allegedly turning a handgun on friends at a party on Friday night. Gumaro Torres, 28, is facing multiple charges in connection with the incident, which occurred in the early hours of Saturday morning. According to police reports, Torres was attending a party with several friends when an argument broke out. It is not yet clear what led to the altercation, but witnesses say that Torres became increasingly agitated during the course of the evening. At around 2:00am, Torres pulled out a handgun and began threatening several of his friends. Eyewitnesses report that he fired several shots into the air before turning the gun on those closest to him. Police were called to the scene and were able to disarm Torres without any further injury or loss of life. Several of the partygoers sustained minor injuries during the incident, but all are said to be in good condition. Torres has been charged with assault with a deadly weapon, attempted murder, and possession of an illegal firearm. He is being held without bail pending the outcome of his trial. The incident has sent shockwaves through the local community, and many are calling for stricter gun control measures in the wake of the shooting. "It's just terrifying to think that someone could simply pull out a gun and start shooting at their own friends," said one local resident. Others expressed concern that incidents like this could become more frequent as tensions continue to rise during the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. "It's been a difficult year for everyone," said another resident. "But that's no excuse for violence like this." As the investigation continues, authorities are urging anyone with additional information to come forward. "We want to make sure that justice is served in this case," said a spokesperson for the local police department. "And we cannot do that without the help of the community."