article: TOKYO, Japan (CNN) -- Authorities have arrested a U.S. sailor on suspicion of robbery and murder in the death of a Japanese taxi driver. The U.S. military handed him over Thursday at Yokosuka Naval Base, south of Tokyo. A Yokosuka police spokesman identified the sailor as Olatunbosun Ogbogu, a 22-year-old Nigerian national. Taxi driver Masaaki Takahashi, 61, was found dead March 19 of stab wounds to the neck about a mile from the base in Yokosuka. The presence of U.S. in Japan has sparked controversy this year amid reports linking service members to crimes. In March, the U.S. military said it plans to court martial four Marines accused of raping a 19-year-old woman in Hiroshima last year. Authorities are also investigating allegations that a member of the U.S. military raped a Philippine woman on the island of Okinawa. And a U.S. Marine was detained in the rape of a 14-year-old girl until the girl dropped the allegations. As Ogbogu was arrested, the U.S. ambassador to Japan, Thomas Schieffer, met with Japan's foreign minister. "We're dealing with human beings that do criminal acts from time to time," Schieffer told reporters afterward. "And I think justice is going to be done in this matter because we've been able to work so closely together."  Watch the U.S. ambassador to Japan discuss the case » . The U.S. military presence in Japan has at times bred resentment among locals, who have long complained about crime, noise and accidents. Anti-American sentiments boiled over in 1995 after three American servicemen kidnapped and gang-raped a 12-year-old Okinawan schoolgirl. Two years ago, a U.S. civilian military employee was jailed for nine years for raping two women. E-mail to a friend .
highlights: Japanese police arrest U.S. sailor for allegedly killing a Japanese taxi driver . U.S. Navy presence in Japan has been marred by reports of rape and crime . In 2006, U.S. civilian military staffer jailed for nine years for raping two women .
id: 6e63c8b1ae01ab91b4832222edaf4bb461b6c568
chatgpt: A U.S. Navy sailor stationed in Japan has been arrested by Japanese police for allegedly killing a local taxi driver. The incident has renewed concerns about the presence of the U.S. military in Japan, which has been plagued by reports of rape and other crimes. According to Japanese police, the sailor, whose name has not been released, got into an argument with the 61-year-old taxi driver over the fare. The sailor allegedly punched the driver and then fled the scene. The driver was later found unconscious and taken to a hospital where he was pronounced dead. The sailor was apprehended a few hours later and is currently being held by Japanese authorities. The U.S. Navy has said it is cooperating with the investigation and is committed to ensuring that its personnel follow local laws and customs. The incident comes amid growing tensions between Japan and the United States over the status of U.S. military personnel in Japan. The U.S. has a significant military presence in Japan, with more than 50,000 troops stationed there. However, this presence has been marred by reports of rape and other crimes committed by U.S. military personnel. In 2006, a U.S. civilian military staffer was jailed for nine years for raping two Japanese women. The incident sparked widespread protests in Japan and led to calls for tighter restrictions on the U.S. military's activities in the country. The latest incident is likely to further strain relations between Japan and the United States. Japanese officials have called for a review of the status of U.S. military personnel in the country, while some activists have called for the withdrawal of all U.S. forces. The U.S. Navy, for its part, has said it is committed to addressing the issue of crime committed by its personnel in Japan. However, it remains to be seen whether these efforts will be enough to assuage the concerns of Japanese officials and citizens.