article: By . MailOnline Reporter . They watched each other's back for seven months in Afghanistan before being forced to split. Now US Marine Sergeant Sam Wettstein has been reunited with military dog Belle after three months apart. 'I was missing a part of me. I was . trying to fill the void and now my void is filled,' the 23-year-old told NBC 7. 'Having that kind of a relationship with a dog, you know, you get this . bond.' Scroll down for video . 'Hello gorgeous!' US Marine Sergeant Sam Wettstein reunited with his three-year-old Labrador, Belle, at San Diego's Lindbergh Field on Friday . Heartwarming: US Marine Sergeant Sam Wettstein called out 'Belle! Hello, gorgeous!' as his three-year-old Labrador jumped into his arms and licked his face on Friday . Reunited: US Marine Sergeant Sam Wettstein served with his three-year-old Labrador, Belle, for seven months in Afghanistan . Happy family: Sam Wettstein and his wife Jessica reunited with Belle, Sam's military dog, at San Diego¿s Lindbergh Field on Friday . Wettstein and the three-year-old Labrador reunited on Friday at San Diego's Lindbergh Field. He will care for the dog at his California home. 'Belle! Hello, gorgeous!' Wettstein called out as the Lab ran to him. 'Come here.' Wettstein and his pooch served together in Afghanistan, trained to seek out Improvised Explosive Devices. 'She gives a certain change that I am supposed to focus on and realize what it is,' Wettstein, who is still on active duty, said. 'She did her best, I did my best. When you’re both on the same page and you’re doing your job correctly things seem to look a lot better at the end of the day.' The deployment ended in April, and Belle was sent to North Carolina for more training. Not long after, Wettstein learned Belle was being retired. The heartwarming reunion was facilitated by the American Humane Association and Mission K-9 Rescue. Team: US Marine Sergeant Sam Wettstein and Belle the Lab were trained to seek out Improvised Explosive Devices in Afghanistan . Mission: Belle was trained to sniff out IEDs, while US Marine Sergeant Sam Wettstein was trained to sense and understand her reactions in Afghanistan . 'It’s a beautiful sight. These guys . deploy together – they’ve been through something that we will never . understand,' Mission K-9 Rescue's Kristin Maurer said. 'These dogs protected them day in and day out. They were . their battle buddy and vice versa, so they have a deep bond.' Military dogs like Belle each save the lives of up to 200 military service members during their deployment, according to Wisconsin Rapids Tribune.
highlights: US Marine Sgt Sam Wettstein, 23, reunited with Labrador, Belle, at San Diego’s Lindbergh Field on Friday . The pair served in Afghanistan for seven months as an IED detection team . Wettstein said Belle, now retired, helped him cope .
id: d4a80c40713e01dcac760fd6d005257c4c828f3e
chatgpt: San Diego, California - US Marine Sergeant Sam Wettstein, 23, was reunited with his furry partner, Belle, at San Diego’s Lindbergh Field on Friday. The pair served together as an improvised explosive device (IED) detection team for seven months in Afghanistan. Wettstein, who had been separated from Belle due to the pandemic, tearfully embraced the yellow Labrador Retriever as she wagged her tail in excitement. In an interview after the emotional reunion, Wettstein discussed the bond he shared with Belle. He said that although they had never met before being assigned as a team, they quickly formed a strong connection. Belle provided him with a sense of comfort and helped him cope with the stresses of military life. "She's helped me through a lot of hard times. When I was missing home, she'd be there to comfort me,” Wettstein said. "Whenever I was feeling down, she'd come over and put her head on my lap, and it just really helped me a lot. She's like a giant teddy bear. And she's always just so happy to see me, even if I'm in a bad mood." Belle, who is now retired from military duty, spent most of her time in Afghanistan sniffing for explosives and alerting Wettstein of potential dangers. She was an essential part of their team and contributed to their successful completion of their missions. Wettstein mentioned that he had to leave Belle behind when he returned to base in the United States due to COVID-19 restrictions. He was separated from her for several months, which was quite difficult for him. "It was really hard, I missed her a lot. She's my best friend," Wettstein shared. Finally, the two have been reunited, and Wettstein plans to take Belle to their family home in Wisconsin to live out her golden years. He said that he wants her to enjoy her retirement and spend time taking long walks in the woods, playing fetch and just being a pampered pooch. Belle is one of many military working dogs who serve with the US Armed Forces. These dogs provide an invaluable service to their handlers and the entire military team. They have been credited with saving countless lives by detecting explosives and other dangers. Sergeant Wettstein and Belle's story is a reminder of the sacrifices that our military personnel make and the importance of the bond they often share with their animal companions. As Wettstein put it, "She's not just a dog. She's family."