article: (CNN) -- Residents of Southern Sudan will begin registering November 14 for an historic referendum that will decide whether the region remains part of Sudan or breaks off to form a new nation. The registration -- which will run for 30 days -- was postponed once before, because registration materials were not ready. Voting is scheduled for January 9, leaving little room for other delays. "We are worried; the time remaining is short and many things are not in place yet," said Hamilton Lugor, the deputy liaison officer for the government of Southern Sudan in Kenya. "But what we will not allow is the referendum to be delayed even for one minute," he added. Diplomacy urgent as vote to split Sudan nears . People from Southern Sudan who live outside of the country will also have an opportunity to vote in the referendum in selected countries in Africa and the West. Another referendum will take place on the same day as that voting: that of Abyei, a disputed oil-rich border region between the North and the South which also wants to govern itself. Talks are being held in Ethiopia with the goal of breaking a stalemate between the two sides in regard to guidelines that will govern Abyei's referendum. The North insists that the Missiriya, a nomadic Arabic tribe, are eligible to vote in the Abyei referendum, but the South says only the permanently based Dinka tribe should have a right to vote. Recent media reports say that the Missiriya tribe has warned of war if its members are barred from voting. In a recent United Nations Special Summit on Sudan, the international community -- including U.S. President Barack Obama and U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki moon -- reiterated its commitment to peace in Sudan and support for the upcoming referendums. More than 2 million people were killed in fighting between the North and South from 1983 to 2005, when a peace deal was finally brokered. That deal called for the referendum on independence for Southern Sudan.
highlights: Voter registration on the independence referendum begins in November . The Southern Sudanese diaspora will also be allowed to vote . The referendum on the disputed Abeyi region will also take place in January .
id: 5ce634ffb45b1f636ddda7f2374d911dc9e61bc9
chatgpt: As preparations continue for the much-anticipated independence referendum, the Southern Sudanese government has officially announced that voter registration will commence in November. This eagerly-awaited announcement follows years of anticipation and uncertainty in the country as it prepares to vote for its future.  Notably, the Southern Sudanese diaspora will also be allowed to participate in the referendum. Citizens living abroad will be given the chance to cast their ballots at designated polling stations, ensuring that as many voices as possible are heard in this important decision. The inclusion of the Southern Sudanese diaspora is a laudable step towards ensuring that the referendum is representative of the will of all the people of Southern Sudan. Moreover, it will provide a chance for citizens who have been displaced by war or other factors to have a say in their country’s future. In addition to the independence vote, the government has also confirmed that a referendum will be conducted on the disputed Abeyi region in January. This is a region that has long been a source of friction between Sudan and Southern Sudan, and the government is doing everything in its power to ensure that the referendum is peaceful and transparent. The Abeyi region is a highly contentious issue that has caused significant tension between Sudan and Southern Sudan. By conducting a referendum, the government aims to bring about a peaceful resolution to the dispute and ensure a bright future for the region. Time will tell what the outcome of the independence and Abeyi referendums will be, but for now, the people of Southern Sudan are eagerly preparing to cast their votes. With voter registration set to begin in November, Southern Sudanese citizens and members of the diaspora around the world are keenly anticipating the chance to make their voices heard. The stakes are high for the people of Southern Sudan, and this is an opportunity that they are unlikely to take lightly. The referendum is seen by many as a chance to set the country on a new path towards prosperity and freedom, and the turnout is expected to be high. In conclusion, the voter registration for the independence referendum is set to begin in November, giving Southern Sudanese citizens and diaspora members around the world the chance to cast their ballots. Additionally, a referendum on the disputed Abeyi region will take place in January, providing an opportunity to resolve long-standing tensions between Sudan and Southern Sudan. All eyes will be on Southern Sudan as it prepares to go to the polls and determine its future.