article: Kentucky Fried Chicken has taken hot dogs to a whole new level. A meal which is traditionally served as a sausage in a sliced bun is now being offered inside a fillet of fried chicken breast at select KFC stores. The fast food chain's Double Down Dog is also topped with cheese, honey mustard and relish dressing. Scroll down for video . A meal which is traditionally served as a sausage in a sliced bun is now being offered at selected KFC stores . The Double Down Dog is topped off with cheese, honey mustard and relish dressing . One diner took to social media to express their disappointment as the hot dog failed to satisfy his taste buds . It is only available to 50 customers at selected stores in the Philippines over a two-day period, ending today . It is only available to 50 customers at selected stores in the Philippines over a two-day period, ending today. However some took to social media to express their disappointment as the hot dog failed to satisfy their taste buds. On the day of its launch, yesterday, KFC announced that its 'outrageously meaty KFC Double Down Dog have been sold out in all participating stores'. While the new addition as been described as the 'meatiest original recipe chicken fillet with a tender juicy chick'n cheese hot dog topped with honey mustard and relish dressing', it wasn't so appetising when customers made their purchase. 'It's very disappointing that there's no more truth in advertising. Look at this double down dog that I got. NOT WORTH IT,' one unimpressed customer wrote after posting a photo of his hot dog on KFC's Facebook page. Others embraced the new addition and were excited to try it out. 'We must try this,' a customer wrote as she tagged a friend. 'Damn I want,' another wrote. KFC's new hot dog has ditched the piece of bread and is instead served wrapped in a fried chicken breast in exchange for the piece of bread . It appears Filipino customers were eager to take a bite out of the meaty treat . On the day of its launch, yesterday, KFC announced that its 'outrageously meaty KFC Double Down Dog have been sold out in all participating stores' Sadly for American KFC enthusiasts, the fast-food giant says there are no plans to add the fatty fried treat to menus in US stores. The hot dog entombed in fried chicken calls to mind KFC's infamous Double Down sandwich, which was introduced in select locations in the US back in 2010. The gut-busting offering featured bacon and two kinds of gooey cheese squeezed between two pieces of chicken fillets.
highlights: KFC introduced its Double Down Dog exclusive to select stores in the Philippines . It is being served wrapped in a fried chicken breast and topped off with cheese, honey mustard and relish dressing . Only 50 customers at each of the stores were able to taste test the new hot dog yesterday and today . While Filipino customers were eager to try it out, some were disappointed by the hot dog . The fast-food giant says there are no plans to add the fatty fried treat to menus in US stores .
id: 0d53374d2f7e55fd2641bd7ab598e4c6ae5f6942
chatgpt: KFC Introduces Double Down Dog to Select Stores in the Philippines KFC made waves in the fast-food industry on Monday, announcing an exclusive new item at select stores in the Philippines: the Double Down Dog. This new hot dog is unlike any other, as it is wrapped in a fried chicken breast and served with cheese, honey mustard, and relish dressing. Only 50 customers at each of the locations were able to taste test the Double Down Dog, leaving many Filipino customers eager to try the unique creation for themselves. However, not all were impressed with the new menu item. While some customers praised the Double Down Dog for its originality and combination of flavors, others were disappointed by the overall taste and texture. Some even criticized the creation for being too fatty and unhealthy. Despite mixed reactions from Filipino customers, KFC has no plans to add the Double Down Dog to menus in US stores. The company has yet to comment on whether they plan to expand the menu item to other countries or locations outside of the Philippines. The Double Down Dog serves as a continuation of KFC's efforts to provide unique and attention-grabbing menu items. The fast-food giant has previously introduced the Double Down sandwich, which used two fried chicken fillets as buns with bacon and cheese in between. However, the Double Down Dog is not the first iteration of a fried chicken-covered hot dog. In 2015, Burger King announced its own version in Japan, which featured a beef hot dog wrapped in a chicken cutlet. Despite its mixed reception thus far, the Double Down Dog is a clear example of how fast-food chains are constantly innovating and experimenting with new menu items to stand out in an increasingly competitive market. As obesity and unhealthy eating habits continue to be a concern worldwide, the fast-food industry has been met with increased scrutiny for their menu offerings. However, KFC has defended its new creation as an indulgent treat rather than a daily menu item. The Double Down Dog is currently available at select KFC locations in the Philippines for a limited time. Customers who missed out on the taste testing will have to wait and see if KFC introduces the unique hot dog to more locations in the future.