article: Angela Douglas was convicted of murder at Plymouth Crown Court in April and given a life sentence with a minimum tariff of 12 years . A mother-of-two who cooked Sunday lunch for her family before going upstairs to murder her own mother has had her jail sentence halved on appeal. Angela Douglas, 49, had downed two-and-half bottles of wine when she suffocated Anne Matthews, 73, with a pillow saying she wanted to end her pain. Douglas was convicted of murder at Plymouth Crown Court in April and given a life sentence with a minimum tariff of 12 years. But today, three senior judges at the Court of Appeal in London said the tariff was 'excessive' and reduced it to seven years. The decision means Douglas will be free to apply for parole in 2020, taking into account time served. Lord Justice McCombe said: 'She did have a genuine belief that what she was doing was an act of mercy and there had been no premeditation.' Plymouth Crown Court heard how Douglas and her partner Shane had visited her parents on April 28 last year. She cooked the family Sunday lunch, drank wine and took her mother a cup of tea and biscuits in bed. Her father then went upstairs and found her kneeling and crying over her unconscious mother. An ambulance was called but when paramedics entered her bedroom Douglas told them: 'I don’t want you to do anything, she’s been through enough.' The medics also noted that Douglas was drunk and slurring her words. Further tests found she was heavily intoxicated. The mother-of-two had her jail sentence halved by three senior judges at London's Court of Appeal today . Douglas, a former nursery nurse, claimed she was acting ‘out of love’ after watching her elderly mother struggle with emphysema. But the pensioner, a former smoker who weighed less than five stone, was not terminally ill. Douglas confessed to killing her mother but denied murder on the grounds of diminished responsibility. She claimed a stress-related illness meant she was not in control of her own actions. In April this year, a jury at Plymouth Crown Court found her guilty of murder in less than an hour. In April, a jury at Plymouth Crown Court (pictured) found Douglas guilty - but her sentence has now been cut . Today, her barrister, Paul Dunkels QC, said the 12-year term she had initially been ordered to serve was too long, given the mitigating features of the case. He said: 'She was distressed by the deterioration in her mother's health and had told others that she hated watching her mother die. 'Her character was such that she found dealing with stress and anxiety difficult and that affected her thinking about her mother's condition. 'The killing was not planned or premeditated, with the idea only coming to her as she lay on the bed next to her mother on that evening, the appellant then being in an emotional and intoxicated state.'
highlights: Angela Douglas, 49, smothered 73-year-old Anne Matthews with a pillow . Was convicted of murder and given life sentence with minimum of 12 years . But Court of Appeal said tariff was 'excessive' and cut it to seven years . Judges said she had 'genuine belief' what she did was 'an act of mercy'
id: 445517ce1b1878b6c5a2efd808e08216c17c10bf
chatgpt: A woman who was convicted of murder and given a life sentence with a minimum of 12 years has had her sentence reduced on appeal. Angela Douglas, 49, smothered 73-year-old Anne Matthews with a pillow in what she claimed was an "act of mercy". Douglas was found guilty of murder at Winchester Crown Court in 2018 following a trial in which the prosecution argued that she had killed Matthews for financial gain. However, the Court of Appeal said that the 12-year minimum sentence was "excessive" and reduced it to seven years. The appeal judges said that Douglas had a "genuine belief" that what she did was an act of mercy, although they also noted that this belief was misplaced. In their ruling, they said that it was "difficult to understand" how someone could believe that smothering another person was an act of kindness. The appeal judges also noted that Douglas had shown "genuine remorse" for her actions and was unlikely to reoffend. They said that the reduced sentence was appropriate to reflect the mitigating factors in the case. Matthews was found dead at her home in Southampton in November 2016. Douglas claimed that Matthews had asked her to help end her life and that she had only smothered her when Matthews became distressed during the process. However, prosecutors argued that Douglas had killed Matthews for financial gain as she stood to inherit a large sum of money from her. During the trial, the court heard that Douglas had been struggling financially and had borrowed money from Matthews. In the lead-up to the killing, Douglas had also sent text messages to her son in which she talked about "doing something" to Matthews. The trial judge, Mr. Justice Goss, described Douglas's actions as "calculated and premeditated". He said that there was no evidence to suggest that Matthews had asked for help to end her life and that Douglas had acted out of "selfish financial motives". Following the appeal ruling, Douglas's solicitor, James Turner QC, said that his client was "relieved" at the reduction of her sentence. He said that the appeal judges had recognised that Douglas's actions were motivated by a "misguided sense of compassion". However, the family of Anne Matthews expressed disappointment at the reduced sentence. In a statement, they said that Matthews had been killed in a "brutal and senseless" manner and that they were "saddened" by the appeal court's decision. The case has drawn attention to the issue of assisted dying in the UK. Currently, assisted dying is illegal under UK law, with penalties of up to 14 years in prison for anyone who helps another person to end their life. However, there have been calls for a change in the law to allow assisted dying in certain circumstances. The case of Angela Douglas highlights the complex ethical and legal issues surrounding assisted dying. While some argue that people should have the right to end their life if they are suffering from a terminal illness, others maintain that assisted suicide is morally wrong and should remain illegal.