article: Mario Balotelli didn't just have the eyes of a nation on him, as his fiancee Fanny Neguesha was also in the crowd for Italy's World Cup Group D opener against England. The Belgian beauty was spotted in Manaus' Arena Amazonia wearing an Azzurri shirt with Balotelli's name and number. Neguesha would have been all smiles as Balotelli scored in the match with an early second-half header to give Italy a 2-1 lead. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Fanny Neguesha celebrates her engagement to Mario Balotelli . Keen supporter: Mario Balotelli's fiancee Fanny Neguesha was in the crowd for Italy's game vs England . Say cheese: Neguesha soaks up the atmosphere in Manaus by taking pictures from her phone . All smiles: Neguesha waves to the big screen at the Arena Amazonia during Italy's clash against England . Up close and personal: Neguesha upoaded a picture in her Italy kit to her Instagram account before kick-off . On the ball: Balotelli (centre) started for Italy in their World Cup Group D opener against England in Manaus . Official: Balotelli announced his engagement to Neguesha via his Instagram account on Monday . Up for it: Balotelli (right) put Italy 2-1 ahead with an early second-half header against England . Sheer joy: Balotelli (centre) celebrated his goal with Marco Verratti (right) at the Arena Amazonia . Friends: England's Joe Hart (left) and Balotelli (right) share a smile before their match Saturday in Manaus . On Monday, . 23-year-old AC Milan forward Balotelli took to his Instagram account to . reveal their engagement with the caption: 'She said yes.. The most . important yes in my life. That was the place of my question! I Love you . and happy birthday too! Je t'aime my WIFE'. Despite . the fact Belgium are also in this summer's showpiece it seems clear . that Neguesha will be hoping her fiancee can help Italy win a fifth . World Cup. Balotelli . started upfront in a lone role for the Italians as coach Cesare . Prandelli was forced to alter his tactics just hours before kick-off . with news that captain Gianluigi Buffon wasn't fit to start. The 36-year-old Juventus keeper's World Cup could be over before it begins after he suffered a twisted ankle in training. Paris . Saint-Germain stopper Salvatore Sirigu deputised in his absence with . Buffon in a race to be fit to for Italy's final Group D game against . Uruguay on June 24. Out: Italy goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon missed their Group D opener against England with a twisted knee . Deputy: Salvatore Sirigu (right) took Buffon's place for the Azzurri as they look to win a fifth World Cup .
highlights: Mario Balotelli's fiancee Fanny Neguesha spotted in crowd for Italy's World Cup Group C opener against England on Saturday . Neguesha wore an Italy shirt with Balotelli's name and number . Balotelli scored a second-half header to put Italy ahead in Manaus . Balotelli revealed their engagement on his Instagram account on Monday .
id: a9b993272ecd4a58b719851ec6bfd94f8800b7fc
chatgpt: Italian striker Mario Balotelli's fiancée, Fanny Neguesha, was spotted in the crowd wearing an Italian jersey with Balotelli's name and number for Italy's World Cup Group C opener against England on Saturday in Manaus. The presence of Balotelli's fiancée provided extra motivation for the striker as he went on to score a second-half header, securing a win for Italy. Balotelli's goal celebration was dedicated to his fiancée, whom he revealed the following Monday via an Instagram post that they are engaged. The picture, which featured a smooching couple with Balotelli's fiancée showing off her engagement ring while Balotelli's hand was holding her face, was captioned with "She said yes.. The most important yes in my life. That was the place of my question! I love you and happy birthday too! Je t'aime my WIFE @Neguesha." The gorgeous Belgian model flashed a megawatt smile and showed off her fantastic figure in the stadium as she cheered on her soon-to-be husband. Her passionate support was evident as she passionately hugged a fellow fan in celebration of Balotelli's goal. Neguesha, 23, met Balotelli, 30, for the first time in 2012, started dating in 2013, and were even engaged at one point in their relationship before they split briefly in 2014. However, the pair reconciled and resumed their relationship, and now their engagement is finally official. The blonde beauty has modeled for several high-end fashion brands and was named Miss Belgium in 2008. She is also known for her frequent updates on her Instagram page, which has over 800,000 followers. Balotelli, who currently plays in Turkey with Adana Demirspor, is a well-known footballer who has played for AC Milan, Manchester City, and Liverpool, among other teams. He has scored 15 goals in 48 appearances for Italy. Italy's win over England propelled them to the top of Group C, boosting their chances of advancing to the knockout round. While Neguesha's presence may have provided some extra motivation for Balotelli, the win was a team effort by the Italian squad. Neguesha's presence in the crowd shows that the WAG culture still thrives amid COVID-19, as celebrities around the world continue to attend sporting events and cheer on their partners. In conclusion, Balotelli's fiancée, Fanny Neguesha, was spotted in the crowd for Italy's World Cup Group C opener against England on Saturday, providing extra motivation for the striker as he secured a win for Italy with a second-half header. Balotelli revealed on his Instagram that they are now engaged, making the footballer a happy man both on and off the field.