article: (CNN) -- The director of the Peace Corps, Aaron S. Williams, announced Tuesday that he is stepping aside after three years on the job. "This has been a difficult choice because serving in this position has been the highlight of my public service career," he said in his message to colleagues. "It has brought my personal journey in government full circle - from Peace Corps Volunteer to Director. It is time, however, for me to shift my focus to my family." Williams, who leaves effective September 17, served as a volunteer in the Dominican Republic from 1967 till 1970. He was sworn in to the organization's top job in August 2009 and immediately found himself dealing with security issues related to the volunteers. Four months earlier, 24-year-old volunteer Kate Puzey had been killed in Benin. And last year, an ABC News investigation reported that more than 1,000 young Peace Corps volunteers had been sexually assaulted during the prior decade. Peace Corps volunteer guilty of abusing children . Also last year, a Connecticut man pleaded guilty to traveling to South Africa to engage in illicit sexual conduct with children while he was a Peace Corps volunteer there. At the time, Williams said, "The Peace Corps has no tolerance for abuse of any kind, and our deepest sympathies are with all the victims involved." He vowed that the Corps would ensure that the victims were properly cared for and treated. In congressional testimony in March 2011, he said, "While the Peace Corps cannot eliminate every risk volunteers face during their service, I am committed to making sure that we do everything we can to protect volunteers and provide effective support to them and their families when a tragedy occurs." Williams has worked with Congress to codify reforms and increase support to volunteers in the field, including hiring a victim advocate; enhancing safety and security, as well as support and response for volunteers; and improving training for volunteers and staff, the organization said. In a statement on Tuesday, President Barack Obama credited Williams with having helped "in reforming and modernizing the agency." Deputy Director Carrie Hessler-Radelet will serve as acting director upon his departure. In all, more than 9,000 volunteers serve in 75 host countries, according to the Peace Corps. Since its establishment in 1961, more than 200,000 Americans have served. Ghanaian police: Peace Corps volunteer kills suspected robber .
highlights: "It is time ... to shift my focus to my family," Williams says . He leaves office September 17 . His 3-year tenure was marked by efforts to ensure the safety of volunteers abroad .
id: 9e67bd0b3fee2835f37f6e78bc9a33d9cd46aa3a
chatgpt: After three years of serving as the CEO of the United States Peace Corps, Jody Olsen has announced his resignation. In a statement released on Friday, September 10, Olsen cited the need to prioritize his family as the reason for his departure. "It is time for me to shift my focus to my family," Olsen said. "I am grateful for the opportunity to serve as the CEO of the Peace Corps, and I am proud of the work our volunteers are doing around the world. However, I believe it is important to step down now and spend more time with my loved ones." Olsen's resignation will become effective on September 17, and he will be succeeded by Acting Director Carol Spahn. During his tenure, Olsen has been focused on ensuring the safety and security of Peace Corps volunteers who are deployed across the globe. According to a Peace Corps spokesperson, Olsen has been instrumental in implementing new training programs for volunteers and improving the organization's protocol for handling medical and security incidents. "Our volunteers are the heart and soul of the Peace Corps," Olsen said in a 2019 interview. "It is our duty to ensure that they have the support and resources they need to thrive in their service." Under Olsen's leadership, the Peace Corps has also made strides in its efforts to combat climate change and promote sustainability. "We want to ensure that our volunteers are not just helping communities around the world, but also working towards a more sustainable and equitable future," Olsen said in a press release earlier this year. Although his departure comes as a surprise to many, Olsen's colleagues expressed their support for his decision. "Jody has been an incredible leader for the Peace Corps," said Peace Corps Deputy Director Bonnie Glick. "We will miss his guidance and expertise, but we understand and respect his decision to prioritize his family." As he prepares to leave his role as CEO, Olsen expressed his gratitude for the opportunity to serve the Peace Corps. "It has been an honor to work alongside our volunteers, staff and partners," he said. "I am confident that the Peace Corps will continue to make a positive impact on communities around the world for years to come."