article: It has been revealed that a staggering $428 million has been paid out in settlements for civil-rights lawsuits brought against the NYPD since 2009 . New York City taxpayers have shelled out nearly half a billion dollars in NYPD-related settlements over the past five years. It has been revealed that a staggering $428 million has been paid out in settlements for civil-rights lawsuits brought against the NYPD since 2009. The information was brought to light in response to a Freedom of Information Law request filed by open government news organization MuckRock. The results show not only sheer amount spent on the 12,000 plus settlements but also that the overwhelming majority of these cases end with the NYPD at fault, MuckRock noted. But this is not to say that all the settlements were solely prompted by the police department's actions. As Gothamist pointed out, The largest settlement on the list, $11.5 million, resulted from the case of Google engineer Sasha Blair-Goldensohn, who was hit and partially paralyzed by a falling tree limb in Central Park in 2009. In another case the family of Ronald Spear sued the City after Spear died on Rikers Island after being beaten by Correction officers, receiving $2.75 million in their settlement. The weblog also noted that the $428 million figure may not accurately reflect what New York is actually paying out. It refers to the case of John Gad Alla who won a $2.5 million settlement from a jury after he was beaten by NYPD officers in his home in 2010. But last year a federal judge reduced that amount by $1.5 million and ordered a new trial. The results of the Freedom of Information Law request show not only sheer amount spent on the 12,000 plus settlements but also that the overwhelming majority of these cases end with the NYPD at fault (file pic) The average settlement amount costs  $33,875. The Gothamist last year met protester Jed Meighan, who said he was living off the settlement he obtained from the City after being pushed to the ground by a group of NYPD officers during an Occupy Wall Street protest in 2012. He broke his wrist and later received $55,000. The document also shows that the City paid out $583,024 to a group of 14 Occupy Wall Street protesters who were arrested on New Year's Day in 2012, which is the largest OWS-related settlement to date. The document also shows that the City paid out $583,024 to a group of 14 Occupy Wall Street protesters who were arrested on New Year's Day in 2012, which is the largest OWS-related settlement to date (file pic)
highlights: Some $428 million was paid out in  civil-rights lawsuits brought against NYPD . In 12,000 plus settlements  the majority of cases ended with the NYPD at fault . But not all cases were solely prompted by the police department's actions . Average settlement cost $33,875 but single cases alone amounted to millions .
id: 8b3cc13a05833650ff2eb563d03dbace445a8135
chatgpt: New York City's Police Department (NYPD) has come under fire for the staggering amount paid in civil-rights lawsuit settlements, which totaled $428 million. These payouts were a result of over 12,000 settlements, with the majority of cases ending with the NYPD being found at fault. However, not all cases were solely prompted by the police department's actions. Some cases were the result of civil unrest, individual actions, or and other factors. Regardless, the NYPD is bearing the brunt of these lawsuits with an average settlement cost of $33,875.  It's important to note that some of these individual cases alone amounted to millions of dollars, marking just how costly some legal battles against the NYPD have become.  The scope and size of these settlements raises questions about the accountability and transparency of the NYPD's policies and conduct. The department has long faced criticism from advocacy groups and communities over allegations of excessive force, discriminatory practices, and systemic bias. One of the most significant payouts was in the case of Eric Garner, who died after an NYPD officer placed him in a chokehold in 2014. Garner's family received a $5.9 million settlement in 2015. Another high-profile case was the Central Park Five, where the city was forced to pay the wrongfully convicted men $41 million in compensation. The settlement payouts also highlight the need for greater oversight and reform of the NYPD, particularly in how it responds to allegations of misconduct and abuse. Advocates argue that these payouts only scratch the surface of the harm and trauma that victims of police violence often endure. The recent protests against police brutality and systemic racism in law enforcement further underscore the need for change. Some advocates have called for defunding the police and reallocating those funds to social services and other community programs. The NYPD has defended its policies and practices, arguing that it is committed to reform and accountability. The department has implemented changes such as the use of body cameras, improved training, and transparency measures. However, these settlements suggest that much work remains to be done to address the underlying issues and restore trust between law enforcement and the communities they serve. Overall, the sheer magnitude and frequency of these settlements serve as a stark reminder of the toll that police misconduct takes on individuals and communities alike. While justice has been served in the cases covered by these settlements, they serve as a warning to the NYPD and other police departments that real reform and accountability are urgently needed.