article: By . Leon Watson . PUBLISHED: . 04:16 EST, 19 March 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 07:52 EST, 19 March 2014 . A drunken reveller spent Hogmanay behind bars after he was caught snorting cocaine in the back of a police car. Unemployed salesman Steven Downie was arrested shortly before midnight on Hogmanay after officers spotted white powder on his nose. The 20-year-old was clearly under the influence of alcohol and drugs and was placed in the back of a patrol vehicle. Steven Downie, 20, spent Hogmanay in the cells after openly snorting coke off his hand in the back of a police car . Then, in full view of police, he snorted coke from his hand. Downie, from Perth, in central Scotland, admitted possessing cocaine on December 31 last year. Fiscal depute Robbie Brown told Perth Sheriff Court yesterday: 'At 11.30pm the officers saw the accused and they stopped to speak to him. 'He was clearly heavily under the influence of alcohol or drugs. They could see white powder round his nostrils. His behaviour became such that he was arrested. 'He was in the vehicle being taken to the police station when he was seen snorting powder from the back of his hand. Two bags containing cocaine were found on him.' Solicitor Nicky Brown, defending, said: 'You will see the date - he had been at a party. He had bought this for £30 at the party. Pictured here with family members outside  Perth Sheriff Court, Downie was fined £300 . The incident involving Downie happened over New Year in North Methven Street in Perth, central Scotland . Perth Sheriff Court heard Steven Downie was arrested shortly before midnight on Hogmanay after officers spotted white powder on his nose. 'He had consumed far too much alcohol. When they came into town he came to the attention of police.' She told the court he normally worked in sales but was currently unemployed. Sheriff Lindsay Foulis said: 'It's not something you want to get in the habit of, taking cocaine. Aside from anything else, it can often affect your behaviour and make you become aggressive and confrontational. 'Ultimately, it's not cool. It affects your health and if you want confirmation of that you should come to this court on days when you see folk who have been taking drugs for numerous years. 'They may only be 35 but they look like they are 65,' he said. Downie was fined £300.
highlights: Steven Downie arrested shortly before midnight on New Year's Eve . 20-year-old was clearly under the influence of alcohol and drugs . Downie, from Perth, was arrested and placed in the back of police car . Then, in full view of police, he snorted coke from his hand . He admitted possessing cocaine and was fined £300 .
id: a23f7b4047a2e5dbf209e01cd469e3b30774fffd
chatgpt: A 20-year-old man from Perth was arrested on New Year's Eve after being found under the influence of alcohol and drugs. Steven Downie was placed in the back of a police car and then proceeded to snort cocaine from his hand in full view of the police. The incident, which occurred shortly before midnight, was witnessed by several police officers who quickly apprehended Downie. He was taken into custody and charged with possession of cocaine. Appearing before a magistrate court the next day, Downie pleaded guilty to the charge of cocaine possession. He was fined £300 and left with a criminal record, which could have serious implications for his future employment prospects. Drug abuse remains a serious problem in many parts of the UK, and this incident highlights the dangers associated with illegal drug use. While cannabis remains the most commonly used illegal drug in the country, cocaine use is on the rise, particularly among young people. According to recent statistics, cocaine use has increased significantly in recent years, with the number of individuals using the drug in the UK at its highest level for a decade. This has led to concerns about the impact of cocaine on both individuals and society as a whole. In addition to the health risks associated with cocaine use, there are also social and legal consequences. Possession of cocaine is a criminal offense and can result in a prison sentence, a fine, or both. In recent years, there has been a concerted effort by law enforcement officials and government bodies to tackle drug abuse and raise awareness of its dangers. This includes campaigns aimed at young people, encouraging them to avoid illegal drugs and stay healthy and safe. However, incidents such as the arrest of Steven Downie serve as a reminder that there is still much work to be done in combating drug abuse in the UK. As the government and law enforcement continue their efforts to tackle this issue, it is hoped that incidents such as this will become increasingly rare, and that individuals will choose to avoid drugs and other harmful substances in the future.