article: By . Fiona Macrae . Scientists have made a ‘giant leap forward’ in the battle against deadly superbugs that are resistant to antibiotics. British researchers have decoded a key defence mechanism of some of the most hard-to-treat bacteria. The breakthrough paves the way for new drugs to treat those bugs which have become resistant to antibiotics – including a single pill that treats multiple illnesses. British researchers have decoded a key defence mechanism of some of the most hard-to-treat bacteria . A spokesman for the researchers said: ‘This is a giant leap forward in the fight against superbugs. ‘This discovery doesn’t come a moment too soon.’ Detailed in the prestigious journal Nature, it follows stark warnings that the rise of antibiotic-resistant superbugs could drag the health service back to the 19th century. Dame Sally Davies, the chief medical officer, has described an ‘apocalyptic scenario’ in which, in just 20 years’ time, routine operations such as hip replacements become deadly because relatively minor infections can’t be quashed. And the World Health Organisation has said that deaths from scratches and scrapes will soon become common because antibiotics are losing their power. Dame Sally Davies, the chief medical officer, has described an 'apocalyptic scenario' The University of East Anglia research focuses on gram negative bacteria –  a large family of bugs that includes E coli and Salmonella and many hospital superbugs. These bacteria have a thick outer layer that make them particularly hard to kill and are becoming more and more resistant to antibiotics. The researchers identified a way of disabling this defensive wall.  Without it bugs cannot survive.Lead researcher Professor Changjiang Dong, said: ‘This is really important because drug-resistant bacteria is a global health problem. Many current antibiotics are becoming useless, causing hundreds of thousands of deaths each year. ‘The number of superbugs is increasing at an unexpected rate. This research provides the platform for urgently-needed new generation drugs.’ Professor Brendan Wren, of the London School of Hygiene & Tropical Medicine, said: ‘New antibiotics against gram negative bacteria including many hospital superbugs are notoriously difficult to develop and the problem is exacerbated as many of these bacteria are increasingly resistant to currently used antibiotics.’ He added that the research offers the possibility of creating a new drugs that disarm dangerous bacteria. The discovery was made using one of the world’s most powerful x-ray machines. Housed near Didcot in Oxfordshire, the Diamond synchrotron uses beams of light 10 billion times more powerful than the sun to peer inside everything from medical molecules to historical documents. Antibiotics are important medicines used to treat infections caused by bacteria. Bacteria can adapt and ﬁnd ways to survive the effects of an antibiotic. They become ‘antibiotic resistant’, meaning that the antibiotic no longer works. The more often we use an antibiotic, the more likely it is that bacteria will become resistant to it. Some bacteria that cause infections in hospitals, such as MRSA, are resistant to several antibiotics.
highlights: British researchers have decoded a key defence mechanism . Breakthrough paves the way for new drugs to treat those bugs . It follows warnings that the rise of antibiotic-resistant superbugs could drag the health service back to the 19th century .
id: 4a9ac115cc5186a01111212ff3eaebd3dcf95b4e
chatgpt: British researchers have made a major breakthrough in the fight against antibiotic-resistant superbugs. They have figured out a key defence mechanism that these bugs use to evade the effects of antibiotics. The breakthrough could pave the way for the development of new drugs that can effectively treat these superbugs. Antibiotic resistance has been identified as one of the biggest threats to global health today. The World Health Organization (WHO) has warned that if action is not taken to tackle this problem, we could be facing a future where common infections become untreatable and the most vulnerable members of society are at risk of dying from minor cuts and scratches. The rise of antibiotic-resistant superbugs is particularly alarming. These bugs are bacteria that have developed resistance to multiple antibiotics and are very difficult to treat. They have been responsible for a number of outbreaks and deaths in hospitals worldwide. The breakthrough announced by the British researchers is based on their discovery of a key defence mechanism used by superbugs to make themselves resistant to antibiotics. The mechanism involves the production of enzymes that break down antibiotics before they can do their job. The researchers found a way to target and block these enzymes, effectively rendering the superbugs vulnerable to the effects of antibiotics once again. This breakthrough is significant because it could lead to the development of new drugs that can overcome antibiotic resistance. It also provides a new avenue for researchers to explore in their efforts to combat superbugs. The importance of this breakthrough is underscored by the recent warnings from experts about the impact that antibiotic resistance could have on healthcare systems around the world. If superbugs continue to develop and spread, they could make even routine medical procedures dangerous and potentially life-threatening. This would have a profound impact on healthcare systems and the wider societies they serve. In the UK, the National Health Service (NHS) has already seen the impact of antibiotic-resistant superbugs. In the early 2000s, there was a significant outbreak of methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) in hospitals across the country. This outbreak led to a massive increase in the number of infections and deaths linked to hospital-acquired infections. The breakthrough announced by the British researchers offers hope that we can prevent a similar outbreak from happening again. By developing new drugs that can effectively treat superbugs, we can ensure that patients in hospitals are safer and that the wider population is not at risk from these dangerous bacteria. The researchers are now working on developing new drugs that can exploit this newfound knowledge of the superbug defence mechanism. They hope to begin clinical trials soon and are optimistic about the potential for their work. This breakthrough is a timely reminder of the importance of investing in research and development in the healthcare sector. By continuing to invest in science and innovation, we can ensure that we stay ahead of the curve in the fight against superbugs and other threats to global health.