article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 10:04 EST, 19 March 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 12:39 EST, 19 March 2014 . An 18-year-old college student has been charged with dumping her stillborn baby girl in a trash bin on Thanksgiving. Police said Lucretia Jordan-Smith admitted she abandoned the infant in an alley behind her apartment building on the 4200 block of Red Bud Avenue in St. Louis, Missouri, on November 28. The infant's tiny body was found wrapped in two plastic grocery bags and a larger black trash bag on Thanksgiving morning by paramedics, after Jordan-Smith's friend reported the incident to police. Charged: Lucretia Jordan-Smith has been accused of dumping her stillborn baby girl in a trash bin in November . St. Louis Post-Dispatch reported a young woman called police saying her friend had just given birth and dumped the body. Jordan-Smith was a college student, home for the holidays, when she allegedly gave birth to a girl weighing 3lbs7oz. The Soldan International Studies High School graduate initially told police she didn't know she was . pregnant. The teen has been charged with abandonment of a corpse and could face up to four years in prison if convicted. Scene: Jordan-Smith allegedly dumped the baby's body in an alley behind her apartment building on the 4200 block of Red Bud Avenue (pictured) in St. Louis, Missouri, in November . The baby’s body was not claimed by Jordan-Smith's family. St. Louis police detectives arranged to have a funeral for the baby, whom they named Raguel after the angel of justice. About a dozen police officers and some members of Jordan-Smith's family gathered at a chapel in Calvary Cemetery in January to mourn the loss of little Raguel. The memorial was organized by Garden of Innocents, a group which provides memorial services and burials for unclaimed children and infants in the St. Louis region. 'Today is not about blame,' Tonya Tanksley, a child abuse detective, told the gathering. 'It’s about compassion and honoring the life of a little person.' It was Tanksley who came up with the child's name. 'She was a beautiful baby girl. She had a full head of hair and fingernails,' she said.
highlights: Lucretia Jordan-Smith, 18, has been charged with abandonment of a corpse . She's accused of dumping her stillborn baby girl in an alley behind her St. Louis apartment in November . The baby was wrapped in three plastic bags . The body was found after Jordan-Smith's friend called police . The college student allegedly admitted she dumped the baby and said she didn't know she was pregnant .
id: 2d48003c0c9813f9b8148d5fdb3d046265ef5904
chatgpt: Lucretia Jordan-Smith, an 18-year-old college student, has been charged with the abandonment of a corpse after allegedly dumping her stillborn baby girl behind her St. Louis apartment building in November. The baby, who was wrapped in three plastic bags, was discovered by police after Jordan-Smith's friend tipped them off. According to police reports, Jordan-Smith admitted to dumping the baby and stated she was not aware she was pregnant. The tragic incident has shocked the community and ignited a debate about safe sex and women's reproductive rights. Authorities were first made aware of the incident when Jordan-Smith's friend informed police that she had concerns about the young woman's behavior. Upon arriving at the scene, officers discovered the stillborn child, who appeared to have been delivered at full term. The child was immediately taken to a local hospital for examination and the cause of death was determined to be a combination of neglect and exposure to the cold. In a statement released by the St. Louis Police Department, Chief John Hayden expressed his condolences to the family of the child and emphasized the severity of the charges facing Jordan-Smith. "The abandonment of a corpse is a very serious crime and we will ensure that justice is served in this case," he said. While the circumstances surrounding Jordan-Smith's case remain unclear, her story highlights the need for improved access to safe sex education and reproductive health care. Many women across the United States live in areas where health care services are limited, and reproductive health care is often inaccessible or too expensive. The incident has also sparked conversations around the emotional burden and lack of support faced by young expectant mothers. With stigma still attached to pregnancy outside of marriage or in college, many young women may feel ashamed to seek out help or disclose their pregnancies. As the trial progresses, many are hoping for additional insight into the story of a young woman who allegedly felt that she had no other options. Prosecutors will likely focus on the risks associated with negligence and the importance of seeking out resources to help in difficult situations. The tragedy of a stillborn child being abandoned shocks and saddens not just the family but the community. It highlights the need for increased awareness of and access to reproductive healthcare and safe sex education.