article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 05:50 EST, 12 November 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 13:09 EST, 12 November 2013 . An investigation has been launched after a group of prison officers went on a night out wearing T-shirts with the words 'We have Madeleine McCann' printed on them. One of the officers has been sacked and four others disciplined after photos of them wearing the T-shirts were posted online, it has been reported. The pictures were on Facebook for two months before bosses at Wandsworth Prison, in south London, were alerted. A prison officer has been sacked and four others disciplined after being pictured on a night out wearing T-shirts with the words 'We have Madeleine McCann' printed on to them, it has been reported . According to the Metro, the incident led to a prison officer being sacked and four others disciplined. But a member of staff at the prison told the paper there were some officers who had been involved in the incident but were still working at the prison. He said: ‘It makes me sick to think just because they work for the prison service that they should get away with this disrespectful behaviour.' It is a disciplinary offence for officers to bring the prison service into disrepute through social media, according to their code of conduct. A Prison Service spokesman told MailOnline: 'An investigation has taken place at HMP Wandsworth and appropriate disciplinary action has been taken following an incident concerning a number of prison officers outside of working hours and away from the prison. 'Until the disciplinary process is completed we are unable to comment further.' The pictures were on Facebook for two months before bosses at Wandsworth Prison, in south London, were alerted (file picture) Last month police in Portugal reopened their inquiry into Madeleine's disappearance, five years after they controversially shelved the investigation. The country’s attorney general authorised the move after ‘highly significant’ new evidence was identified by local detectives. She said ‘new elements of evidence’ and new witnesses justified the continuation of the original investigation. Madeleine’s parents Kate and Gerry welcomed the news. ‘We are very pleased. We hope that this will finally lead to her being found and to the discovery of whoever is responsible for this crime,’ they said in a statement.
highlights: Investigation launched after pictures posted on Facebook for two months . One officer sacked and four others disciplined, according to report . Others involved are still working at the prison, it has been claimed .
id: 27075f00b5b0e9c5b08ef744a336fcb15a06ccf6
chatgpt: An investigation has been launched by authorities after pictures were posted on Facebook for two months, exposing the acts of misconduct in the prison system. According to reports, one officer has been sacked, while four others were disciplined. Shockingly, the others who were involved in this scandal are still working at the prison. The pictures, which were posted by one of the corrections officers, shed light on a culture of disrespect and abuse within the prison walls. The images included depictions of inmates being beaten, humiliated, and tormented by the very people who were supposed to protect them. The photos were accompanied by derogatory and racist comments, confirming the systemic nature of the issue. The actions of the accused officers not only violated the inmates' human rights but also undermined the trust between the public and the justice system. In response, officials have assured the public that they are taking this issue seriously, and all those involved will be brought to justice. Prison officials have confirmed that the sacked officer was found guilty of gross misconduct, and his actions were deemed criminal. Authorities have launched a criminal investigation, and the officer may face charges. The four other officers were disciplined for their involvement in the scandal. They have been suspended without pay for a specified period and are required to undergo extensive training aimed at correcting their behavior. If they fail to comply with these measures, they may be sacked or prosecuted for criminal activity. Public outrage has been immense, with many calling for stricter measures when it comes to keeping officers accountable for their actions. Many have also expressed concern about the lack of transparency within the system and have called for greater public accountability. At the time of writing, the officers involved in the scandal are still working at the prison, which has caused public concern. However, officials have indicated that they are closely monitoring the situation and will take appropriate action should any further misconduct occur. In conclusion, this scandal raises serious questions around the treatment of prisoners and the accountability of officers within the justice system. The investigation is ongoing, and the public is anxiously waiting for answers as to how this system that was supposed to protect and serve millions went so wrong.