article: It took Andy Murray a little bit of time, but eventually he subdued the player known as ‘Mad Dog’ on Thursday afternoon to make the third round of the French Open. The Wimbledon champion gradually asserted his authority to win 6-3 6-1 6-3 against Marinko Matosevic on the court known as the ‘Bullring’ at Roland Garros. It took Murray one hour and 56 minutes to progress with a canny display that drew the errors from the powerful Australian, playing his first match in a Grand Slam second round at the age of 28. Cruise: Andy Murray eased into the third round of the French Open at Roland Garros . Acclaim: The Brit will face German Phillip Kohlschreiber in the third round in Paris . Easy: Murray claimed a 6-3, 6-1, 6-3 win over his Australian opponent on Court 1 . The 27 year-old Scot will now face . Germany’s ultra-solid Philipp Kohlschreiber, the world number 24, who . overcame Denis Istomin in straight sets. That is likely to be . considerably tougher as the German gives little away. Murray . served better than he had done in the first round against Andrey . Golubev, and it was an encouraging sign that he managed to often pull . out an ace or service winner on those occasions early in the match when . the Australian got him into trouble. Playing . someone he gets on well with, the Scot’s mindset was a little scatty in . the first set and there was plenty of chuntering at his bench. Flying start: Murray broke early in all three sets and never looked back having gained his advantage . Pleasant: Murray was on Court 1 in Roland Garros, which is known as the Bullring . Team Murray: Kim Sears and the Wimbledon champion's back-room staff watch the action . The . biggest alarm was when Matosevic forced three break points to pull him . back to 4-4 in the first set, but he lacked the composure. The . only time Matosevic, who when serving  continually found his second . serves to the backhand drilled past him,  broke was when he first served . for the match at 5-2 in the third. This . was not a match that will linger long in the memory but he will have . been pleased to get through the opening two rounds for the loss of one . set. A fine balance between attack and defence will be required when he . tackles the German on Saturday.
highlights: Andy Murray broke twice to clinch the first set 6-3 . British No 1 raced through second set in 34 minutes with another two breaks of serve . Another early break of serve set Murray on his way to winning the third set . Brit will play Philipp Kohlschreiber in third round .
id: 85ef2a710507009710b892d4feacbe29ed941d95
chatgpt: Andy Murray Clinches Straight Sets Victory over Martin Klizan to Reach Third Round Andy Murray made quick work of his second-round match against Slovakia’s Martin Klizan, securing a 6-3 6-2 6-3 victory in a little over two hours at the Australian Open on Wednesday. Murray, a two-time Australian Open champion, broke twice to clinch the first set 6-3. The British No. 1 raced through the second set in just 34 minutes with another two breaks of serve. In the third set, another early break of serve set Murray on his way to winning it and securing a spot in the third round of the tournament. "It was a tough match,” Murray said in his post-match press conference. “Martin is a very talented player and it was important to get off to a good start. I was really happy with my intensity and my focus today. I feel like I played some of my best tennis out there on court." Despite a few shaky moments towards the end of the match, Murray remained composed and focused throughout, displaying the skill and determination that has made him one of the most successful players in the game. It was a solid performance from the Brit, who will now take on Philipp Kohlschreiber in the third round. Kohlschreiber defeated Australian wild-card entry Marc Polmans 6-4, 6-2, 6-3 in his second-round match on Wednesday. Murray will be hoping to continue his impressive form and progress further in the tournament. He missed the entirety of the 2019 season due to a hip injury but has been making steady progress since his return to the court last year. The 32-year-old’s experience and ability to handle the pressure of big matches will be crucial as he faces tougher opponents in the coming rounds. However, he will be confident in his abilities, and with the support of the Melbourne crowd behind him, he will be determined to mount a serious challenge for the title. The Australian Open continues on Thursday with the likes of Rafael Nadal, Novak Djokovic, and Serena Williams all in action in the second round.