article: French cycle race convicts have been told 'no breakaway sprints' when they are let out to complete a stage of the Tour de France race next month. The prisoners will cycle a gruelling mountain course from Bastia to Ajjacio on the island of Corsica - flanked by the fittest prison guards as outriders. But the inmates have been instructed not to break away from the main peleton, or pack of riders, in a bid to reach the finish line first. Captivating course: A selected group of prisoners will be allowed take part in one of the stages of the 100th Tour de France - albeit under the watch of guards . Many of the 40 men taking part are . serving sentences for crimes linked to the Mediterranean island's . ongoing nationalist stuggle for independence. Corsica's . government official said in a statement: 'They will take on a challenge . that will see them brave the hills of the Vizzavona pass and cross . Corsica from north to south. 'The . prisoners and guards have been training on roads and on home-trainers . in the jails to develop the the physical and mental qualities necessary . to achieve this sporting feat. 'But the guards will not let any of them out of their sight.' Rough ride: The prisoners will take to their bikes on one of the first stages of the 2013 edition of Tour de France on the island of Corsica in June . Corsica is known as the island of beauty but dozens of gangland and separatist killings in recent years have also earned it the title of 'the murder capital of Europe'. Tour de France is an annual bicycle race considered one of the most prestigious cycling competitions. The 2013 competition marks the 100th Tour de France, and will start on the island of Corsica on June 29th. After finishing 21 stages and covering a total distance of 3,360 kilometres (2,088 miles) the winner will be crowned on July 21st in Paris, as is tradition. Last year Bradley Wiggins became the first Briton ever to win Tour de France.
highlights: A group of 40 prisoners will bike a stage of Tour de France . Convicts to cycle on island of Corsica under the watch of prison guards . The 100th edition of Tour de France will start on Corsica on June 21 .
id: 9b22054fe6845f275ac4285b7406f2647663a3cb
chatgpt: In a unique move during the 100th edition of Tour de France, a group of 40 prisoners will be given the opportunity to cycle on the island of Corsica. The inmates will be under the watchful eye of prison guards as they ride a stage of the prestigious cycling event. The prisoners, who will be selected based on their good behavior and physical fitness, will undergo extensive training to prepare for the challenge ahead. They will ride a stage of the Tour de France on the island of Corsica, which is known for its challenging terrain and stunning scenery. The initiative aims to promote the rehabilitation of prisoners by providing them with an opportunity to engage in physical activity and gain a sense of achievement. The program also aims to reduce the risk of reoffending, as studies have shown that engaging in physical activity can have a positive impact on mental health, wellbeing, and self-esteem. The initiative is being supported by the French Ministry of Justice, which sees it as a way to enhance the rehabilitation of prisoners and promote social reintegration. The program is also being praised by cycling enthusiasts, who see it as a unique way to celebrate the 100th edition of the Tour de France. The Tour de France is one of the most prestigious cycling races in the world, attracting millions of fans and spectators each year. The 100th edition of the race will begin on June 21 on the island of Corsica, marking the first time that the Tour de France has started on the island. The decision to allow prisoners to cycle on the island of Corsica has been met with some criticism. Some argue that the prisoners should not be given such an opportunity, as they have committed crimes and should not be celebrated in this way. Others argue that the initiative is a positive step forward for the rehabilitation of prisoners and should be supported. Despite the criticism, the organizers of the Tour de France are optimistic about the initiative and believe that it will be a positive experience for both the prisoners and the spectators. They hope that the initiative will inspire other countries to take similar steps towards the rehabilitation and reintegration of prisoners. Overall, the initiative to allow a group of prisoners to cycle on the island of Corsica during the 100th edition of Tour de France is a unique and innovative move towards the rehabilitation of prisoners. The program has the potential to positively impact the lives of the inmates and reduce the risk of reoffending, while also promoting the beauty and challenges of cycling on the stunning island of Corsica.