article: By . Steve Doughty . PUBLISHED: . 18:11 EST, 29 July 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 01:29 EST, 30 July 2013 . More than 80,000 Bulgarians are likely to move to Britain in a new wave of large-scale migration. According to a poll conducted for the European Parliament, Britain and Germany are favoured destinations. The survey, carried out by the Afis organisation, provides fresh evidence that tens of thousands of Romanians and Bulgarians are poised to migrate to the UK. On the move: Protesters shout slogans and wave national flags during an anti-government protest in Sofia last Thursday. More than 80,000 Bulgarians are likely to move to Britain in a new wave of large-scale migration . The two countries joined the EU in 2007 and under Brussels rules, restrictions curbing their citizens’ right to take jobs here must be lifted at the beginning of next year. There are no official estimates of how many may come, but plausible projections suggest it might be as many as 50,000 a year. According to the Afis poll more than one in 20 Bulgarians – 400,000 people – are considering leaving the country and 22.5 per cent of them, more than 80,000, are likely to move to Britain. The European Parliament poll follows a survey for the BBC’s Newsnight in April which found that 8.2 per cent of Romanians and 13.6 per cent of Bulgarians would consider Britain as a migration destination. Concerns: UKIP's immigration spokesman Gerard Batten said 'we can clearly see the UK will be a magnet for those who want to work because of the wage differential' Those percentages suggest 350,000 citizens of the two countries are considering moving to Britain. 'Given the political unrest that is taking place in Bulgaria right now, I will only expect this figure to rise. The situation is compounded by an extremely high level of  corruption in this EU member state' Gerard Batten, UKIP . According to a study carried out for the Migrationwatch think-tank earlier this year, a Bulgarian family with one earner on the national minimum wage would have a weekly income of £62 in their own country. However in Britain, where the minimum wage would be boosted by Housing Benefit, Council Tax Benefit, Child Benefit, and tax credits, the family’s income would be £543 a week. UKIP’s immigration spokesman, Gerard Batten, said of the Afis poll: ‘Given the political unrest that is taking place in Bulgaria right now, I will only expect this figure to rise. The situation is compounded by an extremely high level of  corruption in this EU member state. ‘We can clearly see the UK will be a magnet for those who want to work because of the wage differential.’
highlights: Britain and Germany are favoured destinations, according to a poll . Tens of thousands of Romanians and Bulgarians 'poised to migrate' Restrictions curbing citizens' jobs rights here must be lifted in 2014 . Plausible projections suggest as many as 50,000 a year may come .
id: e84ad26222c87bb0c0e28d0733965a213e5ec77d
chatgpt: According to a recent poll, Britain and Germany are increasingly becoming the destinations of choice for Romanians and Bulgarians who are considering migrating to find work. The poll conducted by a Romanian survey firm revealed that over 60% of Bulgarians and Romanians who were considering emigrating would prefer to do so in either the United Kingdom or Germany. This news may not come as a surprise given the economic challenges being faced by both countries. Many Romanians and Bulgarians are feeling the pinch of a weak economy and high unemployment rates. With the prospect of a job in a prosperous country like the UK or Germany, it is not uncommon for young graduates in the two countries to consider migrating. A recent report indicated that tens of thousands of Romanians and Bulgarians are about to take the plunge and migrate to new destinations, and this number is expected to increase significantly towards the end of the year. The report further stated that lifting restrictions currently curbing citizens' jobs rights in the UK, must be done by 2014 or sooner, with plausible projections suggesting as many as 50,000 a year may come subsequently. It is anticipated that the influx of labour from Romania and Bulgaria will put additional pressure on the UK’s job market, hence the necessity to lift the restrictions on the workers' rights to work. Currently, citizens of these two countries are only allowed to work in agriculture, horticulture or food processing in the UK, and this is subject to strict controls. However, there are concerns that more people coming into the UK may impact on house prices, schools and social services that will inevitably involve additional costs for the government. Although there are benefits associated with immigration, the additional costs cannot be ignored, and it is essential that the government prepares adequately. The latest news comes amid high drama in Westminster, as the government faces increasing pressure to clarify their position on immigration. As tensions continue to rise regarding the proposed lifting of curbs on Bulgarian and Romanian migrants' employment rights, the government is under increasing pressure to clarify its position regarding the matter. The MP’s ongoing debate in the House of Commons is set to go on for days, with accusations and counter-accusations being the order of the day. In conclusion, the news that Britain and Germany are the preferred destinations for Romanians and Bulgarians looking for work is significant. Both countries must be prepared to deal with the challenges that come with an influx of people, which includes providing additional social services and basic infrastructure to support them. The lifting of restrictions curbing citizens' jobs rights in the UK may be an important step towards ensuring that everyone who wants to work has a fair chance to do so irrespective of their place of birth.