article: A college student was correctly able to guess all the letters in a puzzle on the the Wheel of Fortune and would have won $1 million had it not been for his own Achilles heel - not being able to pronounce the answer correctly. Julian Batt, a freshman at Indiana University was given more than one opportunity to win large prizes including a one million dollar prize, and even a car, but he kept flouting his fatal flaws. At one point, an excited Batt guessed the all letters to the answer 'The Mythological Hero Achilles' but instead of pronouncing it the proper way he said 'A-chill-us.' SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO . Julian Batt is thrilled at the opportunity to win $1 million and he even guesses all of the letters in an answer, but when it comes to reading the answers off the board, he unfortunately makes a memorable mistake . The 'Mythological Hero A-chill-us' answers Batt incorrectly and his poor pronunciation costs him $1 million . He would have won $1 million had he simply pronounced the answer correctly. Unluckily for him the incorrect answer rolled off of his tongue and the money slipped away from his grasp, reports The Daily Dot. Later on in the game, when Batt had the opportunity to win a car, all he had to do was guess the M and the N in the phrase 'The World's Fastest Man.' Yet again, he failed. Then he had an opportunity to solve a puzzle once more. Instead of stating the correct answer as 'on the spot decision' he said it was 'on the spot dicespin'! Even though Julian may not be the brightest of all Wheel of Fortune players, he still managed to win with the most points during his episode of the game show. According to Indiana University's newspaper, Julian has dreamed of going on the game show for a long time. Next, the almost lucky contestant has the opportunity to win a car but unfortunately he fails to answer correctly again . Had Julian guessed the letter M and N, he would have won a car but unfortunately he guessed incorrectly . '"I've watched it as long as I can remember,' he said of the game show, which has been on the air for more than 30 years. 'I have always had that desire to be on the show and solve puzzles in front of a live audience,' reads the school's website. Batt is an honors student and freshman at his University and to cut him some slack 'he was the only freshman on the show.' When asked about the audition process Batt said, 'They were looking for people who were enthusiastic and energetic to be on the show.' Enthusiasm is something Mr Batt is certainly not short of.
highlights: Julian Batt guessed . the all letters to the answer 'The Mythological Hero Achilles' but . instead of pronouncing it the proper way he said 'A-chill-us' The Indiana University freshman's inability to pronounce a word cost him a million dollars . Proving that each player isn't limited to one giant mistake, Julian failed to guess only two letters in a different answer and it cost him a car .
id: 7404f6a4ce93e418c87738309c420fdd464f8804
chatgpt: Indiana University freshman Julian Batt had his chance at winning big money on the popular game show "Wheel of Fortune," but unfortunately his lack of proper pronunciation cost him a million dollars. Batt appeared on the show and successfully guessed all the letters to the answer "The Mythological Hero Achilles," but stumbled at the last hurdle when he pronounced it as "A-chill-us" instead of the correct pronunciation, "Uh-kill-eez". The mistake proved to be a costly one, as he lost out on the chance to win a million dollars. This isn't the first time that Batt has paid a high price for a small mistake on the show. During another round, he failed to guess only two letters in a different answer, ultimately costing him a car. The incident is a stark reminder that every mistake counts when it comes to high-pressure and high-stakes situations. For Batt, it was a tough lesson to learn on national TV. Despite the disappointment, Batt has remained positive and has taken the loss in stride. He joked in a statement after the show aired that he now knows how to correctly pronounce Achilles' name and has become a celebrity among his friends and classmates. The "Wheel of Fortune" experience has also taught Batt to always be ready for unexpected opportunities. He said in a recent interview that he had never even dreamed of appearing on the show, but the chance presented itself and he was ready to take it on. Batt's story has resonated with many viewers who can relate to the feeling of missing out on a big moment due to a small mistake. However, it has also sparked debate about the fairness of the show's rules. Some argue that pronunciation shouldn't be a factor in determining a correct answer, while others argue that the show has always emphasized proper pronunciation as part of the challenge. Regardless of the debate, it is clear that Batt's experience serves as a reminder to always be prepared and pay close attention to details when given the opportunity to win big. In the end, Batt may have lost out on a million dollars, but he has gained a valuable life lesson and a memorable experience. And who knows, maybe he'll get another chance to put his newfound knowledge of Greek mythology to the test.