article: By . Associated Press . Domino's is introducing its own version of Siri. The pizza delivery chain announced on Monday that it is introducing a function on its mobile app that lets customers place orders by speaking with a computer-generated voice named Dom. The rollout is part of an ongoing push by Domino's to take business away from rivals and smaller pizza shops by offering more convenient ways to order. The company, based in Ann Arbor, Michigan, says the updated app for iPhones and Android devices will deliver a 'human-like, conversational' experience, but notes that it will take some time to work out the kinks in the technology. Ordering just got easier: Domino's is introducing a 'Siri' app so customers can order on mobiles . 'It is not perfect,' Domino's CEO Patrick Doyle said in an interview. 'This is the sort of thing, like any other really new technology launch, you're going to learn, you're going to get better.' Already, mobile and online ordering accounts for 40 percent of Domino's U.S. sales. Growing that portion of its business has become a priority for the chain, with customers increasingly saying they prefer to place orders that way. People who order digitally also tend to spend more and return with greater frequency because they like the convenience, Doyle said. Meanwhile, he noted that smaller pizza shops don't have the money to invest in such technologies. 'It is clearly an area where we'll be able to leverage our scale,' he said. Customers who order pizza with their smart phones spend more . Although other factors have played a role, Domino's credits its digital platforms for helping drive sales. Last year, the company's domestic sales rose 5.4 percent at established locations.Still, compared with many other cuisines, the pizza industry remains fairly fragmented. Four of the national biggest chains — Domino's, Pizza Hut, Papa John's and Little Caesars — together have a little more than 40 percent of the market, according to Doyle. Darren Tristano, an analyst with the industry tracker Technomic, said the major chains have the potential to grow their market share by leveraging national marketing campaign and the ability to offer steeper discounts. And while sophisticated digital ordering platforms give the big chains an edge, Tristano said those technologies will eventually become cheap enough for smaller players to adopt. 'That gap is shrinking,' Tristano said. For now, the voice ordering function on the Domino's app is fairly simple. After pulling up the app, customers type in their address and are taken to the ordering page where they can push a button to order by voice. A voice that identifies itself as Dom walks customers through the process by asking if they want additional toppings or other items. To pay, customers still have to type in their credit card information. Domino's Pizza Inc., which has 5,000 U.S. locations, is partnering with Nuance Communications to offer the technology.
highlights: Mobile and online ordering accounts for 40 percent of Domino's U.S. sales . Domino's wants to take business away from small rivals who can't afford to invest in the technology . People who order digitally tend to spend more .
id: e12f4389b5a94f7fef7e1b4c7424cf6899c378c6
chatgpt: Domino's Pizza has been working hard to modernize its business, and it looks like those efforts are paying off. According to a recent report, mobile and online ordering now make up 40 percent of Domino's sales in the United States. This is great news for the pizza giant, which has been investing heavily in technology to keep up with changing consumer habits. With more and more people turning to their smartphones and computers to order food, Domino's has been working to make it as easy as possible for customers to order pizza from anywhere, at any time. But it's not just about making ordering easier for customers. Domino's also sees technology as a way to gain an edge over its smaller competitors, who may not be able to afford the same level of investment in digital ordering platforms. "We believe technology is a strategic advantage, and we're trying to use it in a way that makes a difference to our customers and to our business," said CEO Patrick Doyle in a recent interview with CNBC. One way that Domino's is using technology to gain an edge is by offering a seamless ordering experience across multiple channels. Customers can order via the Domino's mobile app, the company's website, or through third-party delivery services. The goal is to make it as easy as possible for customers to place an order, regardless of how they prefer to order. Another way that Domino's is using technology to improve its business is by leveraging customer data to drive sales. According to the company, people who order digitally tend to spend more than those who order over the phone or in person. By analyzing customer data and trends, Domino's is able to create targeted marketing campaigns that encourage customers to spend more when they order. Of course, not every pizza chain has the resources to invest heavily in technology. This puts smaller competitors at a disadvantage, as they may not be able to offer the same level of convenience and ease of ordering that Domino's can. Doyle sees this as an opportunity for Domino's to gain market share and grow its business. "There are a lot of concepts out there that don't have the capital or the scale to invest in technology in the way that we are," he said. "We think there's a real chance for us to take share in the market from some of those competitors who don't have the scale and the resources that we do." Overall, it looks like Domino's investment in technology is paying off. Mobile and online ordering now account for a significant chunk of the company's sales, and the company is well positioned to continue growing its business in the years to come. While smaller competitors may struggle to keep up with Domino's technological prowess, the company is confident that it can use its advantage to gain market share and continue growing in the highly competitive pizza industry.