article: (CNN) -- Ebola may have faded from the headlines in the United States, but the threat -- to Africa and the rest of the world -- remains. This month, the Senate Homeland Security Committee held a hearing on Ebola, including testimony by Dr. Tom Frieden, director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. He noted that the CDC had lowered its estimate of the number of cases likely to emerge in West Africa. Despite this positive news, Ebola remains largely out of control in Sierra Leone. The World Health Organization announced this month that Guinea is "relatively stable," but the recent spread of the virus into Mali only confirms the need for a greater sustained effort to combat Ebola at its origin. That's why many experts are cautioning that declaring the emergency over is premature. And it's why the Obama administration and key members of Congress are requesting $6.1 billion to beef up our ability to eradicate Ebola and prepare for future epidemics. There are two reasons why this emergency is far from over. First, as long as Ebola rages in West Africa, health care systems in the United States and elsewhere will need to remain on high alert. There is no way to assure that Ebola -- or other known and unknown biological threats -- will be contained without the ability on a global scale to identify, manage, eradicate or even prevent these diseases from spreading. Improving our capacity to develop vaccines, respond to crises overseas and develop other countermeasures for dangerous viruses are vital. Second, the death from Ebola of Thomas Eric Duncan in Dallas was a powerful illustration of how unprepared we are to deal with large-scale biological threats. Few of the almost 5,000 hospitals in the United States are at the level of Bellevue Hospital Center in New York, Emory University Hospital in Atlanta, the University of Nebraska Medical Center or the handful of other facilities that have been designated as ready to handle Ebola-like illnesses. Why aren't we ready? Part of the problem is that budget cuts over the last decade have slashed the federally funded Hospital Preparedness Program and special disaster funding for public health agencies. Indeed, since 2008, some 50,000 public health positions have been eliminated due to funding cuts. For many public health agencies, even getting routine work done, never mind responding to crises, is proving a challenge for many communities in the United States. The emergency funds being sought to respond to Ebola here and in Africa are critical to helping protect the American public. The recent U.S. experience of Ebola was a wake-up call. But if the country hits the snooze button once the media coverage fades, we'll have missed a critical moment to deal not just with this deadly illness, but with future disasters, too.
highlights: Irwin Redlener: Ebola headlines in U.S. may have receded, but it's mistake to think threat gone . He says Ebola is out of control in Sierra Leone and has spread to Mali . Redlener says U.S. hospitals remain woefully unprepared for potential resurgence . Budget cuts have hit key preparedness programs, but we can't hit snooze button, he says .
id: 5fcd5eb1f7814518d6f562944e4fe52dd6bd5254
chatgpt: Despite the fact that Ebola is no longer making headlines in the U.S., according to Irwin Redlener, it's a mistake to assume that the threat is gone. In Sierra Leone, the disease is still out of control, and it has even spread to neighboring Mali. Redlener, who is the director of the National Center for Disaster Preparedness, has a bleak outlook on the current state of Ebola preparedness in the United States. He warns that U.S. hospitals remain woefully unprepared for a potential resurgence of the disease. One of the main reasons for this unpreparedness is that key preparedness programs have been hit hard by budget cuts. Despite the fact that the Ebola outbreak has shown just how important these programs are, policymakers have decided to reduce funding for them. Redlener makes it clear, however, that we can't afford to hit the snooze button when it comes to Ebola preparedness. The potential danger posed by the disease is still very real, and we need to take the necessary steps to protect ourselves. The first step, according to Redlener, is to recognize that Ebola is still a major threat in parts of the world. Sierra Leone, for example, is still grappling with a massive outbreak of the disease that has claimed thousands of lives. Measures like travel restrictions and increased screening at airports are necessary to prevent the disease from spreading further. But even if we manage to contain the disease overseas, we still need to be prepared for the possibility that it could resurface in the United States. Redlener stresses the importance of not only having adequate medical resources and protocols in place, but also of educating the public about what they can do to protect themselves. Redlener isn't the only one sounding the alarm about the dangers of Ebola. Many public health experts agree that it's crucial to remain vigilant when it comes to this disease. The World Health Organization has stated that while the Ebola outbreak in West Africa may be slowing down, it's not yet over. And just recently, a new case of Ebola was reported in Sierra Leone, after the country had gone several weeks without any new cases. Despite the grim reality of the situation, there are still reasons for hope. Redlener notes that there have been significant advancements in our understanding of Ebola, and that we're better equipped to handle it now than we were a year ago. However, we can't let this sense of progress lead us into complacency. The threat of Ebola is still very real, both in the United States and around the world. It's up to us to take the necessary precautions and prepare ourselves for the possibility of a resurgence of the disease.