article: (CNN) -- Marcel Hirscher may have come away from Sochi without a Winter Olympics gold medal, but the Austrian has confirmed his reputation as the most consistent men's skier on the World Cup circuit. The 25-year-old clinched his third successive overall title on Saturday at the season-ending meeting in Switzerland, finishing fourth in the giant slalom. It was enough to put him 131 points clear of closest rival Aksel Svindal Lund, who did not complete his first run. However, Hirscher was overhauled in the giant slalom standings by Olympic champion Ted Ligety, who came from 50 points back to win the discipline for the fifth season, this time on a countback of most wins after they finished level. "I need some time to process everything that happened today, it was a crazy race," said Hirscher, who was denied a double success when Germany's Felix Neureuther clinched third place on the final run by just 0.01 seconds. "I'm really happy about the overall and am not really thinking about the GS cup at this point. The overall was my big goal this season and I couldn't be happier that I was able to defend it. "I have to thank my team, I might have not been the easiest to deal with sometimes during the season but they have supported me all along." Hirscher, whose only medal at Sochi was silver in the slalom, has the chance to win the World Cup title in that event on Sunday -- he trails Neureuther by five points. Lund, who won the super-G and downhill titles, will not compete on Sunday in Lenzerheide. "I am not as good now as I was earlier this winter and it's something to look at and make sure it doesn't happen next year. With the two speed titles I had a good season that could have been a great season," said the Norwegian, who left Sochi early after failing to win a medal, citing allergy problems. Meanwhile, Olympic women's slalom champion Mikaela Shiffrin capped her fine season by winning the World Cup globe as well on Saturday, retaining her title in the discipline. The American, who turned 19 on Thursday, claimed her fifth victory this season by a stunning 1.44 seconds to become the youngest woman to win it twice and the first from outside Europe. It put her sixth in the overall standings, where the title was sewn up by Anna Fenninger on Thursday when the Austrian finished second in the super-G. "I guess my secret is not letting people tell me I can't do it," Shiffrin said. "Everybody thinks that this is impossible; you can't win a race by 1.4 anymore. You can't win the Olympics at 18. People say you can't a lot and I never listen to them." Fenninger, who won gold in super-G at Sochi and silver in giant slalom, will seek to add another World Cup globe in the latter on Sunday. The 24-year-old is 14 points behind GS leader Jessica Lindell-Vikarby of Sweden.
highlights: Austrian skier Marcel Hirscher wins men's overall World Cup title for third year in a row . Hirscher is denied giant slalom globe after finishing fourth in Saturday's final race . Olympic champion Ted Ligety snatches GS title on countback after fifth win of season . American teen Mikaela Shiffrin confirms women's slalom dominance with victory .
id: 2a29177283222dc2845090f609724f5a66f6ee22
chatgpt: Austrian skier Marcel Hirscher claimed his third consecutive men's overall World Cup title at the end of a thrilling season, but was denied the giant slalom globe, which went to Olympic champion Ted Ligety on countback, following the final race on Saturday. Hirscher finished fourth in the giant slalom race, behind giant slalom world champion Alexis Pinturault of France, who won the race with a comfortable margin ahead of Norway's Henrik Kristoffersen and Germany's Felix Neureuther. Despite finishing outside of the top three, Hirscher had already secured the overall title with a 335-point lead over Kristoffersen going into the final event, and he was already considered a strong favourite in the upcoming technical events, the slalom and giant slalom races. Ligety needed to finish in the top two in the final race in order to snatch the giant slalom globe from Hirscher, but he did even better, winning his fifth race of the season in a spectacular finish, just 0.15 seconds ahead of Pinturault. With the two racers level on points, Ligety claimed the title on the basis of more race victories in the season. Meanwhile, teenage sensation Mikaela Shiffrin continued her dominant form in the women's slalom event, winning the final race in convincing fashion to secure her fourth slalom globe. After completing her second run, Shiffrin watched as her main rival, Petra Vlhova of Slovakia, struggled in the final section of the course, allowing the American to take the win by 1.58 seconds. Shiffrin's victory capped an incredible season in which she won a record-breaking 17 World Cup races. The 22-year-old from Colorado has now claimed six of the last seven slalom titles, and is widely regarded as the best slalom racer on the circuit. The final event brought the curtain down on a memorable World Cup season, which was marked by a number of historic achievements and close contests. Hirscher's three-peat in the overall standings was only the fourth in history, following in the footsteps of legends Ingemar Stenmark, Hermann Maier, and Lindsey Vonn. The Austrian's campaign was notable for his incredible consistency, finishing in the top three in 19 of his 23 races, including six victories. Meanwhile, Ligety's win in the giant slalom on countback was another highlight of the season, as the American bounced back from a series of injury setbacks to claim his sixth career globe. Ligety, who won Olympic gold in the giant slalom at the 2014 Games in Sochi, has been one of the sport's leading lights for over a decade, and his latest triumph confirmed his status as one of the all-time greats. For Shiffrin, the 2018 World Cup season will go down as a year of remarkable dominance, as she continued to push the boundaries of what is possible in the slalom event. The American racer's focus and determination have become the stuff of legend, and she will be hoping to maintain her remarkable form as she looks towards the next Olympic Games in 2022. All in all, the 2018 World Cup season was an unforgettable one, packed with highlights and memorable performances. From Hirscher's historic three-peat to Ligety's nail-biting win in the giant slalom, and Shiffrin's incredible domination of the slalom event, the season provided fans with plenty of reasons to celebrate.