article: By . Corey Charlton . New York Governor Andrew Cuomo has announced the state will legalise medical marijuana use . It will soon be possible to get high for medical reasons in New York State - but smoking the drug will remain prohibited. Governor Andrew Cuomo has announced legislation to make New York the 23rd U.S. state to legalise marijuana use for medicinal purposes. However, users will have to vaporize or ingest it through food or pills. Not only does the new law make the region one of the largest states to allow the use of medical marijuana, it also cements its status as one of the country's more fiercely smoke free. New York has enacted in recent years several crackdowns restricting the areas in which people can smoke tobacco. Under the Bloomberg Administration, a 2011 bill was enacted banning smoking in public areas such as parks, beaches and boardwalks, sports stadiums and pedestrian plazas. This was then recently extended to include e-cigarettes. Governor Cuomo's marijuana announcement stated acquiring the drug would involve a certification and registry process and will be available to people suffering from cancer, HIV/AIDS, Parkinson's Disease, multiple sclerosis, epilepsy, inflammatory bowel disease, Huntington's Disease and more. Registry cards will be provided for patients who qualify for the programme and no-one would be able to possess more than a 30 day supply at once. Governor Cuomo said the rules struck the right 'balance' juggling helping those in pain and suffering and avoiding risks to public health. 'Medical marijuana has the capacity to do a lot of good for a lot of people who are in pain and suffering, and are in desperate need of a treatment that will provide some relief,' he said. 'At the same time, medical marijuana is a difficult issue because there are risks to public health and safety that have to be averted. 'I believe this bill is the right balance, and I commend the members of the legislature who worked so hard on this measure.' The drug will be available to those suffering from often painful illnesses, but they will not be able to smoke it .
highlights: New York to become 23rd U.S. state to legalise use of medical marijuana . But smoking remains outlawed and patients must ingest it or vaporize it . Cements city's anti-smoking status following recent tobacco crackdowns .
id: 23878ead629e357975322b6d709f4a00cd128ea5
chatgpt: New York is set to become the 23rd state in the United States to legalize the use of medical marijuana. New York Governor Andrew Cuomo signed the Compassionate Care Act into law, thus bringing a new medical treatment method for those in need of relief from certain medical conditions. Under the new law, patients suffering from 10 severe illnesses such as cancer, HIV/AIDS, and epilepsy will be allowed to use medical marijuana. However, smoking the substance remains outlawed and patients must ingest it or use vaporizers instead. Additionally, the state’s decision to legalize medical marijuana cements the city's anti-smoking status following recent tobacco crackdowns. Governor Cuomo highlighted that the medical marijuana measure would bring much-needed relief to those suffering from serious illnesses. “People suffering from cancer and other serious illnesses should not have to live in fear of criminal prosecution for simply seeking relief,” he said. The new law also establishes a program that puts state-regulated dispensaries across the state. These dispensaries will be responsible for growing and distributing medical marijuana to registered patients within the state. Patients who need medical marijuana will now be able to register with the state’s Health Department, which is expected to issue ID cards to eligible patients. Although medical marijuana is now legal in the state, it took the governor and lawmakers several years to agree on the legislation, with opponents arguing that legalization would lead to the abuse of the drug. To address these concerns, the new law includes strict regulations and requirements for suppliers. Medical marijuana products will be held to strict quality control standards to ensure that they are safe for consumption. The law also establishes strict rules and regulations for dispensaries to keep their operations above-board and prevent the drug from being sold on the black market. In addition to the strict regulations, the law includes a provision that will allow the governor to revoke the law if it is abused. This goes to show that the state is keen on ensuring the use of medical marijuana is strictly for those who need it. The legalization of medical marijuana in New York will also generate revenue for the state. Governor Cuomo said he expects the program will generate approximately $20 million annually in tax revenue. Overall, the passing of the Compassionate Care Act is a significant step for the state of New York in recognizing the medicinal benefits of marijuana while also ensuring strict regulation and oversight to prevent abuse. This new law is expected to help tens of thousands of New Yorkers suffering from debilitating medical conditions to access the relief they need.