article: (CNN) -- A Tampa judge denied bail Wednesday for a Florida man charged with first-degree murder in the death of a 3-month-old child, who authorities say was thrown out of a moving car. Police say infant Emanuel Murray died after his mother's ex-boyfriend threw him from a car on a Florida interstate. Richard Anthony McTear Jr., 21, was arrested Tuesday, hours after a confrontation at his former girlfriend's apartment in which he snatched the infant, Emanuel Wesley Murray, the Hillsborough County sheriff's office said. The child's body was found about 4 .am. Tuesday on the side of Interstate 275 in Tampa, Florida, by a local television photographer on his way to work. The photographer, WTVT's Jason Bird, said he stopped when he spotted something by the roadside . "It had to be a baby doll but it was too big to be a doll," Bird told CNN affiliate WFTS in Tampa. "I almost passed out, I started shaking," said Bird. A preliminary autopsy determined the child died of blunt trauma to the head, the county medical examiner's office said. Police were called to the apartment of McTear's former girlfriend about 3:15 a.m. Tuesday. The mother, Jasmine Bedwell, 17, told investigators that McTear had hit her several times and threatened "to kill the both of y'all," the sheriff's department said in a statement announcing the charges. McTear threw a car seat containing the child across the room during the fight, causing the boy to fall onto the apartment's concrete floor, investigators said. He then picked up the boy and drove off in his blue Chevrolet Impala, throwing the child out while on the interstate, the sheriff's department said. Video on CNN affiliate WFLA TV showed McTear being led out of a Tampa police squad car after his arrest. He ducked his head as TV cameras surrounded him on his walk into a police building. When asked by reporters if he had thrown the child out of the car window, McTear answered, "It's a dirty game. A dirty game." McTear is not related to the child, said sheriff's spokeswoman Debbie Carter. McTear is facing additional charges of burglary with battery, felony battery, aggravated child abuse and kidnapping, the sheriff's department said.
highlights: Richard Anthony McTear Jr. threatened "to kill the both of y'all," baby's mother says . McTear, 21, threw child across room, then out of car, authorities say . A motorist found the baby boy on Interstate 275 in Tampa, Florida, around 4:30 a.m. McTear, who was not related to boy, faces charges of first-degree murder, kidnapping .
id: f6382a7bdd53ebfd54e771b7d014b1656f015395
chatgpt: A senseless act of violence has left the Tampa community in disbelief. Richard Anthony McTear Jr., a 21-year-old man with no relation to the baby boy he allegedly killed, is facing charges of first-degree murder and kidnapping. It all began when McTear got into an argument with the baby's mother. According to her account, McTear threatened "to kill the both of y'all." Shortly thereafter, he allegedly threw the baby across the room and then out of the car. A motorist found the baby boy on Interstate 275 in Tampa around 4:30 a.m. He was rushed to the hospital, but sadly he succumbed to his injuries and was pronounced dead. Authorities worked quickly to track down McTear and bring him into custody. They are still investigating the details of the case but have made it clear that this kind of violence will not be tolerated in their community. The news of this tragic incident has left many questioning what could have possibly driven someone to commit such a heinous act. Friends and family of the baby boy are mourning his loss, and the entire community is reeling. The justice system will now have to work through the difficult task of prosecuting McTear for his alleged crimes. The charges he faces carry serious consequences, and his actions have left a long-lasting impact on countless lives. It's important in times like these to remember that violent behavior is never the answer. We must work together as a community to discourage and prevent acts of violence from taking place in the first place. For now, our thoughts and prayers are with the family and friends of the baby boy whose life was cut short by this horrific event. We can only hope that justice will be served and that the community can come together to heal from this tragedy.