article: By . Tom Gardner . PUBLISHED: . 04:22 EST, 11 May 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 04:57 EST, 11 May 2012 . A schoolboy may never be able to smile again after he was shot in the face by a sniper with an airgun. Jordan Winstanley, 13, was blasted by a gunman hiding in bushes as he walked with friends. The teenager collapsed to the ground with blood pouring from a hole in his cheek. Agony: Jordan Winstanley, 13, doubled up in pain after he was hit in the face by the pellet as he walked with friends . He was rushed to hospital and transferred to a specialist facial unit, where he underwent a three-hour operation. Jordan’s parents have been told by medics that the pellet could have severed key nerves in his left cheek and mouth. They face an agonising wait to see if the youngster will ever regain his smile. Mum . Michelle Bleakley, 34, said: ‘We are just keeping our fingers crossed . that his facial movements will return. There is a chance that the nerves . could be completely severed. Excruciating: An X-ray of Jordan Winstanley's face shows the pellet lodged just below his cheekbone - potentially severing nerves which control expressions . 'Jordan could have lost his eye if the . pellet had been two inches higher. It also could have gone through his . neck. It could have killed him. It was a disgusting attack and . completely unprovoked.’ Michelle, from Atherton, near Wigan, is calling for a ban on air weapons. Horror: Jordan needed a three-hour operation after he was shot in the face with an air rifle while playing with friends . Jordan had been walking with two friends on land near to Hall Lee Bank Park in Westhoughton when the sniper struck. He was taken to the Royal Bolton Hospital before being transferred to the unit in Blackburn. The teenager was finally discharged with 12 stitches both inside and outside his cheek. The swelling must clear before he can be assessed by surgeons again in two weeks. Jordan, a pupil at Hindley High, said: ‘I was just walking when I felt a sharp pain. I just remember falling to the ground. My friends told me that I was bleeding and I covered it with my sleeve. The ambulance was there the next minute. It was very scary.’ Jordan’s dad Steve Winstanley, 32, said: ‘The child or adult who has got this air rifle needs to know the danger of what they are doing. Someone out there thinks it’s okay to go around taking pot-shots at people. ‘It’s horrendous. This air rifle needs to be taken off the streets.’ Bolton CID confirmed they had launched an investigation. None of the boys saw the gunman. Witnesses can call 0161 856 0064 or Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.
highlights: Jordan Winstanley told by medics the shot could have severed key nerves in his left cheek and mouth . Pellet missed youngsters eye by a few centimetres . Teenager had to undergo three-hour operation on the wound . Police hunting sniper who took pot-shot at children from bushes .
id: cbed7298ab622ebc13497b8afbdf27d88322b953
chatgpt: A teenager narrowly escaped serious injury after being shot in the face with an air rifle pellet whilst playing in a park. Jordan Winstanley, aged 16, was told by medics that the shot could have severed key nerves in his left cheek and mouth. Fortunately, the pellet missed the youngster's eye by just a few centimeters. The incident took place in a park in the town of Oldham, in Greater Manchester, UK. Jordan and a group of friends were enjoying the warm weather when they heard a loud bang, followed by Jordan screaming in pain. Someone had taken pot-shots at the children from the bushes nearby, hitting Jordan in the face with an air rifle pellet. The attacker immediately fled the scene, and the police are now hunting for the sniper. Jordan was rushed to hospital, where he had to undergo a three-hour operation on the wound. Although the pellet did not hit his eye, he sustained significant damage to the surrounding tissue and nerves. It is unclear whether he will require further surgery, but doctors say his recovery could take months. Jordan's mother, Sarah, has spoken out about her shock and anger at the incident. "I just can't believe someone would do something like this. Jordan is lucky to be alive, and it could have been so much worse if the pellet had hit his eye. I hope the police catch whoever did this and bring them to justice." Local residents have expressed their concern about the incident, with many calling for increased police patrols in the park. This is not the first time that children have been targeted by air rifle snipers in the area, and residents fear that this latest incident could be part of a wider pattern. Police are appealing for anyone with information to come forward. They believe the attacker may have been wearing camouflage clothing and hiding in the bushes, and they are asking anyone who saw anything suspicious in the area to get in touch. In the meantime, Jordan's family and friends are rallying around to support him in his recovery. They have set up a fundraising page to help cover the cost of his medical treatment, which has already received an outpouring of support from the local community. Jordan himself is said to be in good spirits, despite the trauma of the incident. He has thanked everyone for their messages of support and says he is determined to make a full recovery.