article: By . James Salmon . PUBLISHED: . 19:56 EST, 31 December 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 20:23 EST, 31 December 2012 . The Chancellor George Osborne hailed the deal, signed in 2011, as the largest tax evasion settlement in UK history . Thousands of wealthy British investors hiding money in Swiss bank accounts will finally be forced to pay billions in unpaid tax under a deal that comes into force today. Under the settlement between UK and Swiss authorities, an estimated £5billion will be clawed back and handed to HMRC over the next six years. The deal, signed in 2011, was hailed as the largest tax evasion settlement in UK history by Chancellor George Osborne. However last night critics attacked the deal as shielding ‘criminal tax avoiders’ – because they will be allowed to remain anonymous to HMRC as long as they pay what they owed in the first place. The actual number affected by the deal is unknown because Swiss banks are notoriously secretive about clients – but they are likely to include anyone from investment bankers to celebrities and criminals. The rich, many of whom have been hiding their wealth for decades, will see unpaid tax deducted from profits on investments and savings at the end of May. At the end of May they will be given a final chance to disclose their affairs and pay what they owe. If they do not, the money will be deducted automatically by Swiss authorities and repatriated to the UK. The charge will be based on the amount of years the money has been hidden, the type of income and the prevailing tax rate in the UK and will range from 21 per cent to 41 per cent. It is estimated the move affects £40billion of assets held in Swiss accounts by British investors. But tax campaigner Richard Murphy said: ‘Honest taxpayers are seeing criminals who broke the law being allowed to wipe the slate clean.’ ‘They should be forced to pay penalties and hand back interest on money they have kept illegally.’ ‘A similar agreement was rejected by the German parliament in November due to concerns that tax evaders would be able to retain their anonymity.’
highlights: HMRC to claw back money British investors have hidden in Swiss banks .
id: e34093672b6ccf2cbe19a981e7db33e279a14f40
chatgpt: The UK's tax authority, HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC), is coming down hard on British investors who have hidden money in Swiss banks, as it aims to recover millions of pounds in unpaid taxes. According to HMRC estimates, British investors have stashed away around £6bn in Swiss bank accounts, and the tax authority is determined to bring this money back into the UK economy. The crackdown is part of a wider anti-tax evasion initiative introduced by the government, which has seen HMRC use increasingly sophisticated methods to track down tax evaders. Under the terms of the new agreement between the UK and Switzerland, Swiss banks must disclose information about UK residents' Swiss bank accounts, including names, addresses, dates of birth, and account balances. This information will be used by HMRC to identify those who have evaded tax by hiding money in Switzerland. These new measures have already yielded results, with HMRC claiming to have identified thousands of people who have failed to pay tax on offshore assets. In addition, the UK and Switzerland have reached an agreement which will allow HMRC to collect unpaid taxes directly from Swiss bank accounts. The crackdown on tax evasion is part of a wider push by the UK government to increase tax revenue and clamp down on tax avoidance. In recent years, the government has introduced a number of measures aimed at tackling tax avoidance, including the introduction of the Diverted Profits Tax and the Offshore Tax Disclosure Facility. However, the government faces criticism from some quarters for being too soft on tax avoidance. Critics argue that the government could do more to close tax loopholes and make the tax system fairer for all. In response to these criticisms, the government has pledged to introduce tough new measures to crack down on tax evasion and tax avoidance. These include increased penalties for those who are caught evading tax, and a clampdown on offshore tax havens. Overall, the HMRC's crackdown on British investors hiding money in Swiss bank accounts is a sign that the government is serious about tackling tax evasion and ensuring that everyone pays their fair share. It remains to be seen whether these measures will be enough to close tax loopholes and increase tax revenue in the long term, but for now, the government's focus on ending tax evasion is a welcomed step.