article: One of al-Qaeda's most senior militants has been killed in a U.S. drone strike over Yemen, the group claims. Harith al-Nadhari - who threatened more attacks on France after the Charlie Hebdo killings - died on January 31 along with three other militants in a car in Shabwa province, southern Yemen, al-Qaeda said on Twitter. The group named the other slain militants as Said Bafaraj, Abdelsamie al-Haddaa and Azzam al-Hadrami. Killed? Al-Qaeda claims a U.S. drone strike over Yemen on January 31 has killed senior militant Harith al-Nadhari, who threatened more attacks on France after the Charlie Hebdo killings . Al-Nadhari, who claimed to be the group's spiritual leader, said in a video on January 10: 'It is better for you to stop your aggression against the Muslims, so perhaps you will live safely. If you refuse but to wage war, then wait for the glad tiding.' The strike, first reported by Yemeni tribal and security officials, was the second such strike in five days as Washington pledges to continue fighting the militants despite Yemen's political paralysis. Last year, al-Nadhari provoked a clash between al-Qaeda and its splinter group the Islamic State of Iraq and Levant (commonly known as ISIS). He publicly condemned the extremist faction - which has been disowned by al-Qaeda - for 'driving a wedge' among jihadi groups. Strike: These are unconfirmed pictures tweeted by Arabic-language accounts apparently of the strike . He referred to the group's leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi's recent call for followers to 'explode volcanos of jihad everywhere.' Al-Nadhari said ISIS 'forced the nation, all the nation, to pledge allegiance' in absence of 'consultation' with other Jihadi leaders. His message was posted on one of Yemeni Al-Qaida's official Twitter pages. He said: 'They revoked the legitimacy of all the Islamic groups across the Islamic world .... and drove a wedge among Mujahedeen ranks by collecting allegiances from within the Jihadi groups. 'They announced the expansion of their caliphate in a number of countries in which they have no mandate.'
highlights: Harith al-Nadhari killed after threatening France with more attacks . He died in U.S. attack on his car, three other militants killed, group says . On January 10, al-Nadhari warned France to 'wait for the glad tiding' Last year he condemned ISIS for 'driving a wedge' between jihadi groups .
id: 8a397c103fd587b8abf235f03a02c0a9d70f20da
chatgpt: A top Al-Qaeda leader, Harith al-Nadhari, has been killed in a drone strike in Yemen, according to the extremist group. The strike took place in the south-eastern province of Shabwa, killing al-Nadhari along with three other militants. Al-Qaeda’s (AQAP) statement, released on February 5, confirmed his death, stating that he was killed in an attack on his moving car. Al-Nadhari had previously threatened France in a video message released on January 10, 2015. In the message, he warned that 'France will not know peace' and to 'wait for the glad tidings'. France has recently been on high alert, as the country has been threatened by various Islamic extremist groups since the Charlie Hebdo attack last month. AQAP, which is based in Yemen, has been responsible for a number of high-profile attacks against Western interests in the past decade. Last year, al-Nadhari condemned the Islamic State (ISIS) for dividing jihadi groups, stating: 'We have a shared enemy in the West and Shiites, but Isis is driving a wedge between jihadis.' However, despite his disagreement with ISIS, al-Nadhari was a key member of AQAP and was responsible for overseeing the group's media operations. He was known for his charismatic preaching style and had been involved in recruiting new members. The killing of al-Nadhari is a significant blow to AQAP, which has been under pressure from both the Yemeni government and US drone strikes. The group has been making gains in southern Yemen, taking control of several cities and gaining support from local tribes. AQAP has also benefited from the ongoing political instability in Yemen, sparked by the overthrow of President Ali Abdullah Saleh in 2011. The US has been conducting drone strikes in Yemen for several years, targeting AQAP leaders and operatives. According to the Bureau of Investigative Journalism, the US has carried out 93 drone strikes in Yemen since 2002, killing between 672 and 1,075 people, including at least 65 civilians. The Obama administration has defended the use of drones, stating that they are necessary to protect US interests and to prevent terrorist attacks. Despite the death of al-Nadhari, AQAP remains a serious threat to Western interests in the region. The group has been linked to several attacks against the US, including the attempted bombing of a US-bound airliner in December 2009. The killing of al-Nadhari may slow down their operations, but AQAP is likely to continue to target the West in the coming months.