article: (CNN) -- Roger Buchko insists he isn't angry about receiving too much junk mail. And the Phillipsburg, New Jersey, native isn't trying to scare anybody off his front lawn. Nor does he say he's trying to send a message -- intimidating, political or otherwise. The only thing Buchko hoped to accomplish by erecting a massive, scale-model .44 Magnum on his front lawn as a mailbox was to drum up business. And that business of course is ... cabinet making? "If I can show folks I'm capable of this type of craftsmanship," Buchko told CNN, "then I can certainly build them a fancy box." That's one clever son of a gun. "I've built some pretty elaborate stuff in my day" the 49-year-old said of his giant mailbox gun. "This one was pretty difficult. It's scaled out perfect." At 10 feet long, 5 feet high and with an 8 and 3/8 inch wide barrel, Buchko says his Smith & Wesson is precisely 11 times bigger than the real thing. And at 350 pounds, it's safe to say it's the heaviest mailbox on the block. Newtown group, others call for Starbucks to ban guns in stores . Buchko said he worked on it in his shop for an hour a day for nearly four months -- using mostly plywood, PVC plastic, oak and mahogany. Reaction has come in from all corners of the globe and from all corners of the gun debate. Buchko, who says he is "not a gun-toting nitwit or anything like that" tells CNN his neighbors have mostly been supportive -- and that most of the criticism comes from faraway "yuppies who don't know anything about guns." As for the person who has to stare down the barrel of that gun day in and day out? "My mail lady thinks it's great!" While his giant gun certainly got Buchko attention, it has yet to get him any business -- any cabinet-making business, that is. He says he's already been approached about building a giant firearm-for-a-mailbox for someone, and that is just fine by him. "I'd rather build these things than fancy boxes." Gun permits for the blind? Iowa grants them, stirs debate .
highlights: New Jersey man builds a Smith & Wesson model 11 times larger than the real thing . He's using it as a mailbox and hopes to drum up interest in his cabinet-making business . Roger Buchko to critics of his creativity: I'm "not a gun-toting nitwit or anything like that"
id: 8a42889cc924ffc93148ab45fee445179246bca5
chatgpt: A New Jersey man has built a massive model of a Smith & Wesson revolver that is 11 times larger than the real thing. The metal sculpture now serves as a mailbox outside of his home, but Roger Buchko also hopes it will draw attention to his cabinet-making business. Buchko, who lives in Woodstown, New Jersey, initially built the enormous gun as a way to "just have a little fun." He used sheet metal to create the massive replica, which stands over six feet tall and weighs approximately 350 pounds. But once the project was completed, Buchko realized that he could also use it to promote his custom cabinet-making business. He placed the oversized revolver mailbox on his property and began receiving attention from curious passersby. According to Buchko, he has already received several inquiries about his woodworking services since he installed the mailbox. Despite some criticism from those who were concerned about the giant gun's symbolism, Buchko insists that he is not promoting violence or weapon ownership. "I'm not a gun-toting nitwit or anything like that," he told reporters. "It's just a piece of artwork that could also serve a useful purpose." Buchko has reportedly always been passionate about woodworking, and he has been running his business for over 30 years. He specializes in creating custom cabinetry and furniture, and has completed projects for many clients in the New Jersey area. Now, with his giant Smith & Wesson mailbox drawing attention to his business, Buchko hopes that more people will become interested in his unique services. As he says, he is "just trying to make people aware of my business and what I can do." Despite the controversy surrounding the massive mailbox, Buchko remains committed to using his creativity to promote his woodworking talents. And for those who are looking for a one-of-a-kind conversation piece for their property, the giant revolver mailbox is definitely a standout option.