article: A college student threatens to drop out of Dartmouth over the university's refusal to allow her to carry a handgun on its campus in New Hampshire. Taylor Woolrich, 20, says the university refused her request to carry a concealed firearm on campus to defend herself from Richard Bennett, 67, who she claims been stalking her since she was 16. Bennett is currently sitting behind bars in California on charges of violating a restraining order filed by Woolrich. 'Every morning I check the inmate lookup online to see if he has made bail,' Woolrich told Fox News. Scroll down for video . Defenseless: Richard Bennett (right), 67, is accused of using social media to stalk Taylor Woolrich (left), 20, and was arrested for violating an restraining order against him . 'I feel safe for now, but the day he gets out is the day I have to leave Dartmouth.' Bennett was arrested on felony charges in June for breaking the terms of a restraining order Woolrich had filed against him, San Diego County sheriffs records say. When Bennett was pulled over, KGTV reports, cops found what was they described as a 'rape kit,' which included a flashlight, gloves, binoculars and a rope tied in a noose. According to sheriffs records, Bennett was also charged with three counts of violating a court order prohibiting the possession of firearms. The college junior spoke at a conference in D.C. called Students for Concealed Carry and said that university officials told her there was 'no way' she could carry a gun on campus, regardless of whether she obtained a license. 'No appeals process, no supervisor,' added Woolrich. Behind bars: Richard Bennett is currently awaiting trial on charges stemming from his violation of a restraining order, including violation of prohibition against carrying guns . Dartmouth's website states that handguns brought to campus 'must be stored at the Department of Safety and Security.' After being refused her request to carry a weapon, Woolrich says she began contacting campus security to request escorts but started receiving responses such as 'You can't keep calling us all the time' or was told only to call after 9 p.m. As of publication, Dartmouth officials had not responded to requests for comment but university spokesman Justin Anderson told Fox News that, 'We are equipped and committed to providing the best safety possible for all our students.' Bennett met Woolrich when she was 16 at the San Diego-area coffee shop where she worked. She says the older man kept 'staring at her for long periods of time and trying to flirt with her.' Court documents state he also invited her to go camping with him multiple times. Bennett was arrested after he visited Woolrich's home in California offering 'landscaping services' the day after Woolrich had returned home from summer break, according to KGTV. The alleged stalker was stopped on a nearby highway when cops discovered the 'rape kit.'
highlights: Taylor Woolrich, 20, says the university denied her request for an exemption to their policy for firearms on campus . She requested the exemption to protect herself from Richard Bennett, 67, who she alleges has stalked her since she was 16 . Bennett is in jail in California on $300,000 bail for violating a restraining order filed by Woolrich . Bennett was found with a 'rape kit' in his car when he was arrested .
id: dcc159c993075a94f67cdef49074b11464b569f7
chatgpt: Taylor Woolrich, a 20-year-old student at the prestigious Sarah Lawrence College, is speaking out after the university denied her request for an exemption to their policy on firearms on campus. Woolrich says she made the request in order to protect herself from Richard Bennett, a 67-year-old man who has been stalking her since she was just 16 years old. Bennett, who is currently in jail in California on $300,000 bail, was recently found with a "rape kit" in his car when he was arrested. The discovery of the disturbing kit only confirms the fears that Woolrich has had for years. "I just don't understand why the university won't let me protect myself," Woolrich told reporters. "I feel like a sitting duck." Woolrich has been vocal about the stalking for years, even going so far as to obtain a restraining order against Bennett. However, she says that she still feels unsafe, and that the university's policy on firearms only exacerbates her anxiety. "I understand that the university wants to maintain a safe campus, but it feels like they're more concerned with policy than with the safety of their students," Woolrich said. Woolrich is not alone in her concerns about campus safety. In recent years, there have been a number of high-profile cases of sexual assault and violence on college campuses around the country. Many students and parents are calling for schools to be more proactive in protecting their students, and to allow for greater self-defense options. The National Rifle Association (NRA) has been a vocal advocate for the right to carry firearms on college campuses. They argue that allowing students to carry concealed weapons can be a deterrent to would-be attackers, and that it can also provide a sense of security for those who are being stalked or threatened. However, opponents of the policy argue that allowing guns on campus can actually lead to more violence, and that it is not an effective means of protection. Sarah Lawrence College has not issued a statement on Woolrich's case specifically, but they have defended their policy on firearms in the past. "We believe that our policy on firearms is in the best interest of our students and our community," the university said in a statement. "Our security measures are designed to provide a safe learning environment for all of our students, and we believe that this policy is an important part of that." Woolrich says she is not giving up her fight for the right to protect herself, and that she will continue to push for an exemption to the policy. "I refuse to be a victim," she said. "I will do whatever it takes to protect myself, even if it means going against the university's policy."