article: New York (CNN) -- The MSNBC news network suspended political analyst Mark Halperin on Thursday after the Time magazine columnist used a four-letter insult to describe President Barack Obama. Halperin quickly apologized for the remarks, in which he told fellow panelists on the "Morning Joe" program that Obama was "kind of a d--k" for blasting Republican lawmakers during a Wednesday news conference. He had been told the program was on a seven-second delay before he delivered his assessment. He delivered what he called "an absolute apology, heartfelt" to Obama and to viewers after a commercial break and remained on the air. But MSNBC called his comments "completely inappropriate and unacceptable" and said Halperin would be suspended indefinitely from his on-air role. Halperin said he agreed with the move. "My remark was unacceptable, and I deeply regret it," he said. Halperin is an editor at large at Time and the senior political analyst for the magazine, which like CNN is a subsidiary of the media conglomerate Time Warner. The magazine responded to reporters' inquiries by pointing them to Halperin's verbal and written apologies. White House spokesman Jay Carney called the remark "inappropriate" and said he had "expressed that sentiment to executives at the network." "I have no comment on that, whatever action that network -- any network, any newspaper, whatever -- might take, because that's not for us to decide," Carney told reporters. The exchange began as the show's host, former Republican Rep. Joe Scarborough, questioned whether Obama's Wednesday criticism of GOP leaders was merely "showmanship" ahead of tough negotiations over raising the federal debt ceiling. "Are we on the seven-second delay today?" Halperin asked. "I wanted to characterize how I thought the president behaved." He was told the delay was in place, with co-host Mika Brzezinski telling him, "Go for it." Scarborough added, "I'm behind you. You fall down, I'm going to catch you." Halperin then said, "I thought he was kind of a d--k yesterday," as Scarborough and Brzezinski responded with a combination of shock and laughter. "Oh my God. Delay that. Delay that. What are you doing?" Scarborough said. "I can't believe you. I was joking. Don't do that. Did we delay that?" Told later that the delay hadn't worked, Halperin noted the remark "may have ended my career." After a break, he said he was sorry for the comment. "This is not a pro forma apology," he said. "This is an absolute apology, heartfelt, to the president and to the viewers. I became part of the joke, but that's no excuse. I made a mistake, and I'm sorry and I shouldn't have said it." CNN's Jordana Ossad contributed to this report.
highlights: NEW: Hosts told commentator he was on delay, "Go for it" Time columnist Mark Halperin has been kicked off MSNBC indefinitely . He has delivered both on-air and written apologies for the remark .
id: c61eeebd83279e8f2105f1b0556f9f03f6861844
chatgpt: MSNBC has indefinitely suspended Time columnist Mark Halperin after he made an inappropriate comment. During a segment on his show "Morning Joe", Halperin was told by the hosts that he was on a delay, but he proceeded to make a comment anyway. The commentator told the hosts to "go for it", before he made the comment that led to his suspension.  MSNBC released a statement regarding Halperin's suspension, saying "Mark Halperin's comments this morning were completely inappropriate and unacceptable. We apologize to our viewers who were offended by his remarks. Mark has been suspended indefinitely from his role as a contributor."  Halperin has since issued both written and on-air apologies for his comment, which were well-received by both MSNBC and the public. However, the network has decided that the suspension will remain in effect.  Halperin is known for his work as a journalist and commentator, particularly in his position as a senior political analyst for Time magazine. He has also co-authored a book on the 2008 presidential election with John Heilemann called "Game Change", which was later adapted into a movie by HBO.  As a frequent contributor to MSNBC, Halperin has been a staple in the network's political coverage. With his suspension, the network has lost a valuable on-air voice. However, the network has made it clear that they will not tolerate inappropriate behavior from any of their employees.  This isn't the first time MSNBC has had to suspend one of their contributors over inappropriate behavior. In 2017, the network suspended Mark Halperin's fellow "Morning Joe" co-host, Joe Scarborough, for two days after he made a derogatory comment about the President.  The incident has sparked discussions about the need for accountability in the media. Halperin's suspension is a reminder that journalists, regardless of their position, must maintain a level of professionalism when on-air or representing their employer.  Critics have argued that the media's increasing focus on sensationalism and ratings has led to a lack of accountability when it comes to inappropriate behavior. However, MSNBC's swift and decisive action shows that the network is working to maintain a standard of integrity in their reporting.  It is unclear when or if Halperin will be allowed to return to his position as a contributor for MSNBC. The network has not provided any details on the terms or length of his suspension. However, it is clear that the network is taking this incident seriously and is committed to maintaining the highest level of professionalism in their reporting.