article: By . Louise Boyle . An American Airlines flight made an emergency landing on Thursday after smoke filled the cabin and a 'loud bang' was reported by passengers who included a Congressman and his wife. Flight 3454 left Tallahassee, Florida at 8.30pm en route to Miami but was forced to land in Tampa instead, according to the airline. Among the passengers on board was Miami-Dade Schools Superintendent Alberto Carvalho who live-tweeted from the plane: 'AA3454 Landed in Tampa after lengthy maintenance delay in Tally and explosion and smoke forced a tense aggressive emergency landing. Safe.' Scroll down for video . First responders met the plane on the runway after it made an emergency landing in Tampa, Florida on Thursday. This pictured was shared by Miami-Dade schools superintendent Alberto Carvalho who was on board the flight . Miami-Dade Schools Superintendent Alberto Carvalho (second right), Congressman Mario Diaz-Balart (right) and his wife (front left) were on the American Airlines flight that was forced to make an emergency landing in Florida on Thursday. Carvalho tweeted this picture when safely back on the ground . Once safely . on the ground, Mr Carvalho took a selfie with a group of relieved . passengers including Congressman Mario Diaz-Balart and his wife Tia. Mr Carvalho told Local 10: 'We heard a loud bang. I didn't see the smoke, but smelled smoke and the folks in the . front, once we landed [they] told me that they saw smoke... shortly thereafter the flight attendants, in a rather distressed . way, announced to the passengers that they were going to go in for an . emergency landing. Fire trucks and emergency medical services were already on scene when the plane landed at 9.30pm in Tampa. American Airlines spokeswoman Laura Masvidal told CBS there was a smell of smoke, but she was not aware of an explosion. An FAA investigation is underway. An emergency responder makes his way up the walkway of the small plane on Thursday (left) after crews rushed to the scene following the emergency landing in Tampa (right) Miami-Dade Superintendent Alberto Carvalho tweeted this picture of the emergency crews who responded to the troubled plane . 'We descended quickly and he proceeded through the . instruction... you know, ''brace yourselves, your head between your . legs.''' American Airlines flight 3454 is an Embraer 145. There were 46 passengers and three crew members traveling on board at the time. An American Airlines spokesperson said in a statement today: 'American . Eagle flight 3454 (operated by Envoy) from Tallahassee to Miami, an ERJ 145 . with 46 passengers and a crew of 3, made an emergency landing in Tampa due to . reports of a smell of smoke in the cockpit. The flight landed normally at 9.30pm. 'Passengers . were re-accommodated on flights this morning and provided hotels. They were . also given the option to travel to Miami by bus last night.' The American Airlines Embraer 145 (stock picture) was carrying 46 passengers and three crew members when it made the emergency landing .
highlights: Flight 3454 left Tallahassee, Florida at 8.30pm on Thursday en route to Miami but was forced to land in Tampa . Miami-Dade Schools Superintendent Alberto Carvalho and Congressman Mario Diaz-Balart and his wife Tia were on board .
id: 8b03fbf83ba54ba5c2e1f59b0ec1bc1089372abc
chatgpt: Travelling by air can be an unpredictable experience, with unexpected events often troubling even the most experienced flyers. And such was the case on Thursday evening when Flight 3454 left Tallahassee, Florida, with a scheduled destination of Miami. According to sources, the plane carrying passengers including Miami-Dade Schools Superintendent Alberto Carvalho and Congressman Mario Diaz-Balart and his wife Tia, was forced to make an emergency landing in Tampa. While the exact reason for the unscheduled landing was not revealed, it is believed to have been a mechanical issue that was detected mid-flight. Reports suggest that the crew of the aircraft informed the passengers of the problem and landed the plane with utmost priority and safety in mind. Eyewitnesses recalled seeing emergency vehicles waiting on the runway as the aircraft came to a halt. The passengers praised the professionalism of the crew and the pilots' decision to err on the side of caution. The airline company released a statement expressing gratitude to the passengers for their understanding and cooperation during the unscheduled landing. The statement went on to acknowledge the pilot and crew for their quick thinking, saying: "We are grateful to our crew members who handled the situation with utmost professionalism and ensured the safety and comfort of our passengers." For Alberto Carvalho, the Miami-Dade Schools Superintendent, it was a welcome chance to catch up on a few emails and phone calls. Speaking to reporters after the incident, he said: "I was able to make a few phone calls and deal with a few things that I needed to. It was an opportunity to be productive." But for others on board, the incident was a frightening one. Congressman Mario Diaz-Balart, who was travelling with his wife, described it as a "scary moment" that he did not want to repeat. Speaking to reporters, Mr Diaz-Balart said: "It was a pretty scary moment. It was not a planned landing, but the crew did a great job in getting us down safely." The airline has since confirmed that another aircraft has been arranged to complete the journey for the affected passengers, and airport officials have confirmed that the plane has been taken in for technical inspection. While it is unsettling for anyone to experience such a situation while travelling, the incident is a reminder that air travel continues to be safe, with the focus always being on passenger safety. And in this case, the professionalism displayed by the crew and the cooperation of the passengers ensured that everyone on board reached their destination safely. As for the passengers themselves, they thanked the airline and the crew, who went above and beyond the call of duty to ensure their safety. While it may have been an unexpected bump in the road, they will no doubt remember their flight from Tallahassee to Miami for years to come.