article: Saeed Ajmal, comfortably the best spinner in the world before he was banned for chucking, could complete a remarkable comeback with a World Cup call-up. Ajmal was cleared by the International Cricket Council on Saturday after remedial work on his suspect bowling action and could now be fast-tracked into the Pakistan squad if they need to replace an injured player. Mohammad Hafeez, himself banned from bowling in the ICC purge on illegal actions, has a foot problem has been ruled out so Pakistan will consider a return for a controversial cricketer who would find himself under the microscope here. Saeed Ajmal, seen here at the Pakistan National Cricket Academy in Lahore, could be called up for the World Cup after the ICC was satisfied he has remodelled his suspect bowling action . Ajmal was banned by the International Cricket Council last year for his illegal bowling action . ‘There are a lot of ifs and buts because he hasn’t played any cricket but let’s see how things go in the next week,’ said Pakistan captain Misbah-ul-Haq. ‘He’s been bowling a lot of deliveries in the nets every day but we haven’t sat down and talked about it yet. Let’s see what he has to do.’ It remains to be seen whether Saeed, at 37, can be as effective with a remodelled action and being under constant scrutiny from umpires who would be allowed to call or report him if they felt he transgressed again. But the possibility of his call-up is intriguing. Without Ajmal and Hafeez they are short of quality spin and there is no doubt that he would strengthen a side looking to repeat their World Cup win in Australia 23 years ago. Ajmal (pictured) could be called up into the Pakistan squad as Mohammad Hafeez is ruled out through injury . Hafeez, seen here in action against New Zealand last week, has been ruled out with a foot injury . ‘The major concern for us and him is his lack of competitive cricket for the last five or six months,’ said Misbah here in Sydney ahead of this week’s World Cup warm-up games. ‘It’s a tough decision.’ For now the familiar figure of Shahid Afridi, better known for his explosive hitting, will have to step up as Pakistan’s main spinner in his fifth World Cup, a challenge he is relishing. ‘For the last few years myself, Saeed and Ajmal have done well as a bowling unit and the pressure will be on me now because the other two are not with me,’ said Afridi, who will face England at the Sydney Cricket Ground on Wednesday. ‘But I’m enjoying my bowling. I have played a lot of cricket for Pakistan but I have a big responsibility in this tournament as a senior player. This is not the time to give up. This is the time to give something to my country.’
highlights: Ajmal could complete a remarkable comeback with World Cup call-up . Spinner has remodelled his bowling action after ICC ban last year . Pakistan player was cleared by governing body on Saturday . And he could be called up with Mohammad Hafeez ruled out through injury .
id: ba4d01b3b9dab3222b054d8c7ce8b0223533768e
chatgpt: Ajmal Could Make a Comeback with World Cup Call-Up Pakistan spinner, Saeed Ajmal, has successfully completed his remarkable comeback following an ICC ban last year that forced him to remodel his bowling action. On Saturday, Ajmal was cleared by the governing body and could now be in line for a call-up to Pakistan's World Cup squad, with Mohammad Hafeez ruled out through injury.  The veteran spinner has been training hard to remodel his bowling action and impress the selectors with his skills. Ajmal had initially been banned by the ICC after his action was found to be illegal in 2014. However, he was granted special permission to play for Pakistan in their tour of Bangladesh in April and May of 2015.  After struggling in the first Test match, Ajmal returned to the sidelines to work tirelessly on his new action to improve his abilities.  With his passion and a relentless work ethic, Ajmal finally received clearance from the ICC in July 2015 after he was able to prove that his action conformed to the legal limits set by the governing body. Throughout his career, Saeed Ajmal has been an integral part of the Pakistan team, playing a vital role in their success in numerous matches. His experience and expertise were missed by the team during the World Cup in 2015 where they exited in the quarterfinal stages. However, the 42-year-old could potentially make his return to the Pakistan squad for the upcoming World Cup in 2021. With the Pakistan selectors having already shortlisted their team, the news of Hafeez's injury could mean that the selectors would consider putting Ajmal back in the mix. It is worth mentioning that the inclusion of Ajmal in the World Cup squad despite being out of the Pakistan team for an extensive period, would be a risky move. However, being a veteran and the fact that he has been playing cricket domestically and in the foreign T20 leagues added an advantage to his comeback. Moreover, the World Cup is a massive event, and with his experience and revamped bowling action, the selectors could consider bringing Ajmal back into the national squad for the tournament. The veteran spinner has credited his success to his hard-work and dedication, stating that he is now bowling with a renewed sense of confidence and conviction. In conclusion, Ajmal has made a remarkable comeback after his ICC ban, and he could now be in line for a call-up to the Pakistan team for this year's World Cup. With his experience, skills, and dedication, Ajmal can become an invaluable part of Pakistan's success in the tournament.