article: Marco Reus turned down a lucrative move to Manchester United this summer, according to Atletico Madrid president Enrique Cerezo. The La Liga champions have been linked with a move for the Borussia Dortmund forward but Cerezo claims that the 25-year-old was never an option - while revealing United's own failure to land the highly-rated German. ‘I don’t know where the Marco Reus rumour came from. It’s a player who, at this time, is impossible to us,’ he said. Scroll down for videos... Snubbed: Marco Reus turned down a big money move to Old Trafford, according to Atletico Madrid chief . Most wanted: The Borussia Dortmund forward has been linked with numerous European clubs . ‘Look, he had an offer for a lot of money from Manchester United and he has not gone… we will not sign him with a lesser offer.’ Louis van Gaal has endured a frustrating summer in the transfer market with Ander Herrera and Luke Shaw the only significant arrivals as the former Premier League champions attempt to rebuild their squad. United have agreed a £16million fee with Sporting Lisbon for defender Marcos Rojo, while they remain interested in the likes of Daley Blind and Real Madrid winger Angel Di Maria - but it seems they have missed the chance to sign Reus. The Germany international, who missed the World Cup through a last minute injury, has been attracting interest from several of Europe's elite clubs after it was revealed his contract carried a £19.8 million release clause that comes in to effect next summer. You can Like our dedicated Manchester United Facebook page here. No deal! Louis van Gaal has been frustrated in the transfer market since arriving at United . Reus rejoined Dortmund in 2012 from Borussia Monchengladbach after his hometown club released him as a 17-year-old and scored 21 goals in 39 matches last season. One club he won't be joining is Bundesliga rivals Bayern Munich - who have signed Mario Gotze and Robert Lewandowski from Dortmund in the last two years - after coach Pep Guardiola admitted he was not interested. 'We already have eight strikers. I do not need new players. I am pleased with this squad,' said Guardiola. CLICK HERE to start picking your Fantasy Football team NOW! There’s £60,000 in prizes including £1,000 up for grabs EVERY WEEK… . VIDEO United reach deal for Rojo .
highlights: Marco Reus rejected a lucrative move to Manchester United, says Atletico Madrid president Enrique Cerezo . Borussia Dortmund forward has also been linked with Arsenal and Liverpool . Louis van Gaal has been frustrated in the transfer market since arriving . Ander Herrera and Luke Shaw have been the only high profile arrivals . United have agreed a £16million fee with Sporting Lisbon for Marcos Rojo . The Old Trafford Club are also reportedly interested in Daley Blind and Angel Di Maria .
id: 80fb7da7d36e15853a2dc255f48bf9294a7f6752
chatgpt: Borussia Dortmund forward Marco Reus has reportedly rejected an offer to join Manchester United, according to Atletico Madrid president Enrique Cerezo. The German international was rumored to be a target for the Old Trafford club this summer, but it looks as though those rumors can be put to rest. Reus, who has also been linked with moves to Arsenal and Liverpool, has decided to remain with Dortmund for the time being. The 25-year-old is regarded as one of the top attacking players in Europe and was a key member of the Germany squad that won the World Cup this summer. Manchester United boss Louis van Gaal has been frustrated in the transfer market thus far, with Ander Herrera and Luke Shaw the only high profile arrivals. However, the club is said to be closing in on Argentine defender Marcos Rojo, with a £16million fee already agreed with Sporting Lisbon. Aside from Rojo, United are also reportedly interested in signing Dutch international Daley Blind and Real Madrid winger Angel Di Maria. Blind, who can play as a left-back or a defensive midfielder, would provide cover in several positions, while Di Maria could add some much-needed pace and creativity to the United midfield. As for Reus, his decision to turn down United's advances could be seen as a blow to van Gaal's plans. The Dutch manager is keen to add more attacking options to his squad, with Wayne Rooney often having to drop back into a deeper role. Reus would have provided a versatile option, capable of playing on either wing or as a central attacking midfielder. Despite missing out on Reus, United fans will be hopeful that their club can still make some more high profile signings before the transfer window closes at the end of August. The Red Devils finished a disappointing seventh in the Premier League last season and van Gaal has been tasked with returning the club to its former glory. In the meantime, United will continue their preparations for the new season with a game against Valencia on Tuesday night. Van Gaal will be hoping for a more positive result than the 4-0 defeat his side suffered at the hands of MK Dons in the Capital One Cup last week.