article: A man who groped an 18-year-old girl's leg on a train was caught after she covertly snapped him on her mobile phone. Raja Hussain, 39, from Rotherham, was given a suspended eight-month jail term after pleading guilty to sexually assaulting a University of Sheffield student on a train in South Yorkshire. He was arrested by the British Transport Police and taken to court after the photograph was released. Scroll down for video . Raja Hussain, 39, from Rotherham, who sexually assaulted an 18-year-old girl on a train from Sheffield, was caught after she took this picture of him . The 18-year-old student was waiting for a train at Sheffield Midland station on October 29 last year when Hussain started 'grinning' at her, Sheffield Crown Court heard. Catherine Duffy, prosecuting, said that the victim felt 'intimidated' after Hussain sat down next to her and started looking at pictures of naked women on his mobile phone. She said: 'The defendant was looking at pictures of naked women on his mobile phone. He moved closer to the complainant and began to take off his jacket. As he did so he touched her.' The student edged away but his body remained in contact with hers and he touched her leg while 'grinning'. Hussain got off the train at Rotherham station (pictured), South Yorkshire, after assaulting the teenager . She pretended to text a boyfriend to get Hussain to stop and also sent messages to her mother. One read: 'I think this man is trying to stalk me, I actually feel sick.' Miss Duffy added: 'As he got off the train in Rotherham she managed to take a picture of the defendant on her mobile phone.' Police issued an appeal with the picture of Hussain and he was arrested. Sarah Smith, defending, said there was no premeditation and Hussain was suffering from poor mental health at the time. He had lost his 'highly respectable' job due to his mental health problems which included depression with psychotic features, hallucinations and delusional beliefs. Judge Paul Watson QC, said: 'She is to be commended for the fact that she stuck to her guns and brought this to the attention of the authorities. 'People who randomly sexually assault members of the public must expect custodial sentences. 'What makes it serious is the element of fear this causes others. 'She was brave enough and alert enough to report you and give the police information which eventually led to your arrest and eventual plea of guilty.' Hussain was also given an Asbo, banning him from trains for three years. The train was travelling between Sheffield and Doncaster. The 39-year-old was given a suspended eight-month jail term at Sheffield Crown Court (pictured)
highlights: Raja Hussain, 39, from Rotherham, given suspended eight-month jail term . He pleaded guilty to sexually assaulting an 18-year-old girl on a train . Hussain touched her leg and grinned at her as he looked at naked photos . The University of Sheffield student secretly took a picture of him on train . He was arrested and given an Asbo banning him from trains for three years .
id: 5b68ff22d30ba5c71bb4036875126c247d1b2501
chatgpt: A man from Rotherham has been given a suspended eight-month jail term for sexual assault on a train. Raja Hussain, 39, pleaded guilty to touching the leg of an 18-year-old girl whilst looking at naked photos on his phone. The incident occurred on a train heading to Sheffield, where the victim was a student at the University of Sheffield. The victim, who remains unnamed, secretly took a picture of Hussain on the train and reported the incident to the British Transport Police. Hussain was later arrested and charged with sexual assault. During his court hearing, the prosecution stated that Hussain had "made lewd comments" towards the victim and had "grinned" at her repeatedly whilst looking at the naked photos. The victim was so uncomfortable that she ended up moving carriages on the train. Hussain apologised in court and stated that he was under the influence of alcohol at the time. He added that he had never done anything like this before and that he was ashamed of his actions. The judge, Mr Recorder Campbell, acknowledged that Hussain had no previous convictions and that he had shown genuine remorse for his actions. However, he also stated that Hussain's behaviour was "disgraceful and unacceptable". The judge also imposed an Asbo (Anti-Social Behaviour Order) banning Hussain from travelling on trains for the next three years. In a statement, the British Transport Police reiterated their commitment to tackling sexual harassment and assault on trains. They urged anyone who has been a victim of such crimes to come forward and report them to the authorities. The case highlights the growing issue of sexual assault on public transport in the UK. Recent statistics from the British Transport Police show that sexual offences on trains have increased by 25% over the past year. This problem is not limited to trains, with sexual harassment and assault also being reported on buses, trams and other forms of public transport. Campaign groups have called for more action to be taken to tackle this issue, including greater investment in CCTV cameras and more visible police patrols. Many also argue that there needs to be a cultural shift, with greater understanding and awareness of sexual harassment and assault in society as a whole. In the meantime, victims of sexual harassment and assault are being urged to speak out and report their experiences. As this case shows, the police and the justice system take these crimes very seriously, and perpetrators will be brought to justice.