article: (CNN) -- James "Whitey" Bulger lived "a relatively comfortable lifestyle" with his girlfriend for the 16 years he was a fugitive, including numerous gambling trips to Las Vegas, according to a government document filed in his case Monday. Bulger, 81, and Catherine Elizabeth Greig, 60, were arrested Wednesday after he was lured out of his Santa Monica, California, apartment by an FBI ruse. The alleged East Coast mobster, who was on the FBI's Top 10 Most Wanted list, faces charges in 19 mob-related murders. The U.S. Attorney's office in Boston, where Bulger is being prosecuted, filed a response Monday to his request that the federal government pay for his defense because of his lack of money. Agents found $822,198 in cash -- "much of it in packages containing $100 bills that were bundled together and hidden inside a wall in the apartment" -- when they searched his home last week, prosecutors said. Bulger "waived his Miranda rights" and told agents who were taking him back to Boston that he had been "a frequent traveler as a fugitive." "Bulger acknowledged visiting Las Vegas on numerous occasions to play the slots and claimed he won more than he lost," the filing said. "Bulger also admitted traveling to San Diego and then crossing over into Tijuana to purchase medicines." Bulger told FBI agents he traveled back to Boston "on several occasions while 'armed to the teeth' because he 'had to take care of some unfinished business,' " the document said. Bulger refused to tell the agents any details of his Boston visits, it said. The government also said Bulger admitted to stashing cash away "with people he trusted," although he would not identify them, it said. Prosecutors suggested that Bulger's brother, William Bulger, "might also be willing to pay for an attorney to represent his brother." They asked the court to require him to submit an affidavit before a decision is made. James Bulger cannot be trusted to tell the truth about his finances, the government argued. "He has every incentive to lie and stick the taxpayers with the bill for his defense," prosecutors said. "Accordingly, the court should not simply rely on Bulger's own claims of indigence but instead should make further inquiry on this matter by requiring sworn affidavits from the defendant's brothers, William and John."
highlights: Bulger admitted to agents that he took trips to Vegas, Boston and Mexico, document says . Investigators found $822,198 cash hidden in the walls of his home, filing says . The document was filed by prosecutors who say Bulger should pay his own legal fees .
id: cb463ebbc024f303f3d3a450461867f1907e4fb3
chatgpt: Notorious Boston gangster James "Whitey" Bulger has admitted to taking trips to Las Vegas, Boston, and Mexico, according to a recently filed document. The revelation comes as prosecutors in the case against Bulger seek to make him pay his own legal fees, citing the discovery of $822,198 in cash hidden in the walls of his home. Bulger, who has been linked to multiple murders during his time as the leader of the Winter Hill Gang, was captured in 2011 after spending 16 years on the run. Since his arrest, he has been a subject of intense media scrutiny and legal battles. According to the document filed by prosecutors, Bulger revealed to agents that he made several trips to Las Vegas, Boston, and Mexico, though the specifics of these trips remain unclear. The revelation is just the latest in a series of scandals that have dogged Bulger's legal defense team. In addition to the trips, the filing also states that investigators discovered over $820,000 in cash hidden in the walls of Bulger's California home. Prosecutors have since argued that Bulger should be made to pay for his own legal defense, given his apparent wealth. Bulger's legal team has argued against this move, stating that the money discovered was not related to any illegal activity and that Bulger is entitled to a fair trial. The prosecution, however, asserts that Bulger's wealth is likely related to his infamous criminal activities. The case against Bulger has been a high-profile one since his initial capture, with many legal experts predicting that he will receive a harsh sentence if he is found guilty. The former gang leader has been linked to numerous murders, as well as to organized crime activity that spanned several decades. Despite the many legal obstacles facing him, however, Bulger has remained defiant in the face of his accusers. In a statement released through his lawyer, the former gangster criticized the prosecution's request that he pay for his own legal fees, calling it "an attempt to silence me and prevent me from receiving a fair trial." With the trial continuing to unfold and the future of Bulger's legal defense still uncertain, it remains to be seen what the outcome of this high-profile case will be. For now, all eyes are on Bulger and the many legal challenges that await him in the months and years to come.