article: London, England (CNN) -- They don't call it being "sent to Siberia" for nothing. We learned this on the first day of our trip to Novokuznetsk, in the western part of this 5.1 million square-mile region of Russia, while filming a documentary about how and why the youth of this economically depressed city were in the death grip of a heroin epidemic. It's a story squarely at odds with the rebranding of Russian youth as prosperous super humans living in a world of money, success and freedom. In reality, Russia now consumes 21 percent of the world's heroin. And with a southern border more than 4,000 miles long, an area greater than the distance from New York to London, it's little wonder that Moscow's attempts at interdiction have largely failed. A sense of Soviet-era poverty pervades in Novokuznetsk: the moldering grey housing blocks, the wake-up call of barking wild dogs, the 6 a.m. hotel breakfasts of Spam and hard-fried eggs speckled with dill. But we weren't here for fun. No one has much fun here. Before we set off on our trip, we heard whispers of a new drug called krokodil -- a synthetic opiate made by mixing petrol, codeine pills, and eye drops -- that earned its reptilian nickname by turning users' skin scaly, eating them from the inside, and rotting the brain and limbs, before precipitating a painful death. When researching the krokodil story, we heard grim tales of zombified addicts building DIY coffins to bury their friends, disfigured and brain-damaged ex-users, and religious cults disguised as rehab clinics. During a weeklong trip to Novokuznetsk, we found all of this -- and more.
highlights: Russian city of Novokuznetsk in 'death grip' of drug epidemic . Drug called 'krokodil' gaining popularity; has devastating effects on users . VICE goes to Novokuznetsk to see firsthand those addicted .
id: 096207775ae9a791afdacd67b263a7a637a52f70
chatgpt: Novokuznetsk, a city in Russia, is currently facing a drug epidemic that has tight its jaws around the city. Novokuznetsk is known for having one of the highest drug addiction rates in Russia, with the new drug "krokodil" gaining popularity – and causing devastating effects on its users.  The drug "krokodil," a homemade opioid, contains desomorphine, codeine and other chemicals found in paint thinner and gasoline. The drug is called "krokodil" because it often causes scale-like skin to appear on the user's body, as well as leaving them with scars and open wounds that can lead to amputation. It is a cheap and easily accessible drug, with a high that lasts only for a short period of time. VICE, a media company, recently visited Novokuznetsk to see firsthand the effects of this drug on its users. They found that the drug was more than just a substance, but a way of life for those addicted. Many of these individuals were homeless or lived in basements and abandoned buildings, where they could find shelter and solitude to use the drug. The drug addiction was so severe that people were willing to sell everything they had to fund their addiction. The situation in Novokuznetsk has become so dire that the government has started to intervene. However, the task of treating those addicted to the drug is not an easy one, as most of these individuals have lost hope and given up on life.  The epidemic has become a wake-up call for Russia, which has been facing a growing drug problem, with many turning to synthetic substances as a cheap alternative to heroin. The government has promised to take action to address this issue, but the road ahead is long and difficult.  In conclusion, Novokuznetsk's drug epidemic has reached a critical level, and "krokodil" has become a dangerous and damaging addiction. The impact on society and individuals who use the drug has been devastating, and it's time for the government to take stern action to address this issue.