article: An American explorer's claim to have found the long-lost Santa Maria, Christopher Columbus' flagship from his first voyage to the Americas, has been dismissed by a group of U.N. experts. Underwater explorer Barry Clifford made headlines when he said in May that he believed a shipwreck on a reef off Haiti's northern coast could be the fabled ship, which went down in 1492. But a team from the U.N. cultural agency UNESCO said in a report Monday that bronze or copper fasteners found at the site point to shipbuilding techniques of the late 17th or 18th centuries, when ships were covered in copper. Before that, fasteners were made only of wood or iron, it said. "There is now incontestable proof that the wreck is from a much later period," according to the report by mission leader Xavier Nieto Prieto, who visited the site for several days beginning September 9. The experts also believe that contemporary accounts, including Columbus' own journal, indicate that the wreck is too far from the shore to be that of the Santa Maria. The UNESCO mission was requested by the Haitian government to check out Clifford's claim to have solved a 500-year-old mystery. Clifford told CNN in May that he was "very confident" that his team had discovered the wreck of a ship he described as having "changed the course of human history." He believed the site had been looted since he first uncovered it in 2003. The Santa Maria was the flagship of Columbus' small fleet that set sail from Spain in August 1492 under the sponsorship of King Ferdinand II and Queen Isabella I. The voyage aimed to find a westward route to China, India and the gold and spice islands of the East. But the land the sailors set eyes on in October 1492 was an island in the Caribbean. Among the islands on which Columbus set foot was Hispaniola, which is divided between Haiti and the Dominican Republic. Columbus established a fort in Haiti. That December, the Santa Maria accidentally ran aground off the island's coast. Some planks and provisions from the wrecked ship, which was about 117 feet (36 meters) long, were used by the garrison at the fort, according to Encyclopaedia Britannica. Columbus set off back to Spain with the two remaining ships, the Nina and the Pinta, in January 1493. The UNESCO report called for further investigations to find the Santa Maria and urged Haiti to take steps to ensure that its underwater heritage is protected in line with U.N. conventions.
highlights: U.N. experts say a wreck found off Haiti is not that of the long-lost Santa Maria . An American explorer said in May he believed he'd found Christopher Columbus' flagship . But UNESCO says that bronze or copper fasteners at the site indicate it was a later wreck . The Santa Maria foundered in 1492 as Columbus made his first voyage to the Americas .
id: 6e830e5440ff784c90ee01303219902f95e777a5
chatgpt: A recent discovery in the Caribbean has sparked excitement among explorers and historians alike. In May, an American explorer claimed to have found the long-lost Santa Maria, the flagship of Christopher Columbus on his first voyage to the Americas. However, recent findings have disputed that claim. UNESCO experts who were sent to investigate the wreck off the coast of Haiti have announced that it is not, in fact, the Santa Maria. The team has identified bronze or copper fasteners at the site, indicating that the wreck happened much later than Columbus' voyage in 1492. The find of the Santa Maria has long been a fascination for historians and explorers, as the ship disappeared from records soon after it took part in Columbus' expedition. The explorer, named Berry Clifford, believed that he finally found the missing ship, which would have been a significant discovery. Clifford's team conducted an extensive underwater search for the missing vessel and claimed that the shipwreck they found in Haiti was the Santa Maria, based on its age and the ship's general design. The ship was found lying about five miles from the shore, and in shallow water, which made it easier to access and investigate. Despite the excitement surrounding the announcement, experts were skeptical of the claim, and UNESCO was asked to send in a team to investigate further. After weeks of investigation and examination of the site, the organization has come to the conclusion that the wreck found by Clifford is not the Santa Maria. The news has come as a disappointment to many, who had hoped that this was the long-awaited discovery. However, the team of experts believes that this investigation will still provide valuable information about the history of the Caribbean and the many shipwrecks that have occurred in the area. Columbus sailed the seas for many years, discovering new lands and peoples along the way, but it was his first voyage to the Americas that has been the most significant in history. The Santa Maria was a crucial part of that voyage, and its loss was a significant setback for Columbus and his crew.  Although the find was not the Santa Maria, the search for the missing vessel continues. There are many more shipwrecks off the coast of Haiti and throughout the Caribbean that are yet to be explored and investigated. The latest discovery may not be the end of the search, but merely the beginning of a new chapter in the exploration of history.