article: (CNN) -- Lebron James has revealed an interest in joining forces with David Beckham to bring a new Major League Soccer (MLS) franchise to Miami. The Miami Heat forward told reporters Monday that preliminary talks were underway with interest from both sides. "David has become a good friend of mine over the last few years, and I think it would be great for this city to have a football club for sure. There's interest on both sides. It's preliminary talks but there is some open dialogue," James said. If a partnership is agreed it would be James's second investment in the sport -- the 28-year-old is already a minority shareholder in English Premier League team Liverpool. "I've grown a great interest in watching the game ... it's a pretty intense sport and my kids love it as well. I've grown to the point where I know exactly what's going on when I'm watching the game." Beckham, who retired from the professional football in May, publicly expressed his desire to become a club owner at a book launch last month. Read more: David Beckham 'passionate' about being club owner . "I'm passionate about staying in football and being an owner of a team is something I'm passionate about. Miami is one of the places we looked at, and we've looked at others too," the 38-year-old said. The former England international's groundbreaking contract signed with LA Galaxy in 2007 gave him the option to create a new MLS team for $25 million. "When I signed my contract six, seven years ago, my manager Simon Fuller actually got a clause in the contract that enabled me to have a franchise at the end of my playing career and obviously now I've stopped playing," he said. Beckham and James appear undeterred by the city's previous foray into MLS which saw Miami Fusion close for business in 2002 after only four years in the league. Today, the MLS supports 19 teams with a 20th club -- New York City FC -- set to launch in 2015. James says research into the viability of a franchise is ongoing but he doesn't doubt Miami's potential. "I think this could be huge, but you never know. I think this is a great town for soccer. There's a lot of soccer players here and great youth soccer players here and people love the city as well so that will definitely help," he said. Beckham, as you would expect, was typically enthusiastic when quizzed last month about soccer's long-term prospects in the U.S. "It's going to get better and bigger," said Beckham. "Since I moved there, 11 to 12 teams have come into the league. I have seen the excitement of the people talking about soccer or football."
highlights: Basketball star reveals talks with football legend over MLS Miami franchise . James says talks are at preliminary stage but there is interest from both sides . Beckham revealed interest in owning a franchise last month . James says Miami is "a great town for soccer" with "lots of great youth soccer players"
id: 41927f37cbf2b649c7b995401264abee113aac06
chatgpt: Basketball superstar LeBron James has revealed that he is in preliminary talks with football legend David Beckham over the possibility of co-owning an MLS franchise in Miami. The news comes just weeks after Beckham announced his interest in owning a franchise in Miami. Speaking to reporters following a recent basketball game, James expressed his enthusiasm for the potential partnership with Beckham. He stated that the talks were in the early stages but that there was interest from both sides. "David and I have been talking about the possibilities of owning an MLS franchise for a while now," James said. "We both love sports and we both love the idea of bringing a team to Miami. It's a great town for soccer, with lots of great youth soccer players, so we think this could be a great opportunity for us." James, who is widely considered one of the greatest basketball players of all time, has a well-documented passion for soccer. He is known to follow the sport closely and has become increasingly involved in the soccer world over the years. Beckham, too, is no stranger to the world of soccer ownership. The former Manchester United, Real Madrid, and LA Galaxy star has been working to bring an MLS team to Miami for several years now. In January of this year, Beckham announced that he had secured the rights to an MLS franchise in Miami, and that he was now working to build a team from scratch. He stated at the time that he was excited to be a part of the growth of soccer in the US, and that he believed Miami was the perfect location for a new franchise. Since then, Beckham has been busy putting together a team of investors and executives to help him bring the franchise to life. He has reportedly been in talks with a number of high-profile individuals from the worlds of business and entertainment, including James. For his part, James has indicated that he is excited about the prospect of owning a soccer team in Miami. He stated that he believes the city has a passionate and growing soccer fan base, and that he is eager to help expand the sport in the area. "We both love Miami and we both love soccer, so this just makes sense," James said. "We're still in the early stages, but we're both excited about the potential of bringing a team to this city. We think it could be a game-changer for soccer in the US." Overall, the news that James and Beckham are in talks over a potential MLS franchise in Miami has generated considerable excitement among sports fans and industry insiders alike. If the partnership comes to fruition, it could represent a major step forward for soccer in the US, and a significant milestone in the careers of two of the world's greatest sports stars.