article: Fast food chain Chick-fil-A is looking into a possible credit card breach at several restaurants, the company announced Wednesday. If true, almost 9,000 customer cards could be affected, according to one report. It has been reported that diners who used cards at stores in Georgia, Maryland, Pennsylvania, Texas and Virginia as far back as last December  could be affected. The Georgia-based chain was tipped off to 'limited suspicious payment card activity' through its contacts in the payment industry, the company said on its website. The fast food giant said that it 'received the initial report [of the unusual activity] late on Friday, December 19.' Chick-fil-A also stated that is has reached out to federal authorities. Breach? Fast food restaurant Chick-fil-A is looking into a possible payment card breach at several restaurants, the company announced Wednesday (file photo) 'Chick-fil-A recently received reports of potential unusual activity involving payment cards used at a few of our restaurants,' the company said in a statement on its website. 'We take our obligation to protect customer information seriously, and we are working with leading IT security firms, law enforcement and our payment industry contacts to determine all of the facts.' The statement continued 'We want to assure our customers we are working hard to investigate these events and will share additional facts as we are able to do so. If the investigation reveals that a breach has occurred, customers will not be liable for any fraudulent charges to their accounts --- any fraudulent charges will be the responsibility of either Chick-fil-A or the bank that issued the card. If our customers are impacted, we will arrange for free identity protection services, including credit monitoring.' The possible breach was first reported in late December by the security news website Krebs on Security. The supposed breach may have gone on for slightly under ten months, the website reported. The website, which is run by journalist Brian Krebs, said that it 'first began hearing from banks about possible compromised payment systems at Chick-fil-A establishments in November, but the reports were spotty at best. Then, just before Christmas, one of the major credit card associations issued an alert to several financial institutions about a breach at an unnamed retailer that lasted between Dec. 2, 2013 and Sept. 30, 2014. 'One financial institution that received that alert said the bank had nearly 9,000 customer cards listed in that alert, and that the only common point-of-purchase were Chick-fil-A locations.' An unnamed source told the website most of the card fraud apparently took place at Georgia, Maryland, Pennsylvania, Texas and Virginia restaurants, though others nationwide were affected. Chick-Fil-A says it has more than 1,850 restaurants in 41 states and the District of Columbia, and made upward of $5 billion in annual sales last year. If a breach took place, almost 9,000 customer cards from Chik-Fil-A locations could be affected, according to one report (file photo)
highlights: Fast food restaurant Chick-fil-A is looking into a possible payment card breach at several restaurants . Almost 9,000 customer cards could be affected, according to one report . Chick-fil-A was tipped off to 'limited suspicious payment card activity' through its contacts in the payment industry, the company said . It has been reported that the breach impacts customers who used credit cards in Georgia, Maryland, Pennsylvania, Texas and Virginia . Credit card data theft could date as far back as last December .
id: 894336b300c1fcd8b9b1ee8696cd05890cfed824
chatgpt: Fast food restaurant chain Chick-fil-A is investigating a possible payment card breach that could have compromised almost 9,000 customer cards across several of its restaurants. The company was tipped off to the incident by its payment industry contacts, who allegedly detected "limited suspicious payment card activity." According to reports, the suspected breach could have impacted any customers who used credit cards at Chick-fil-A stores in Georgia, Maryland, Pennsylvania, Texas, and Virginia. Credit card data theft could date as far back as last December. Chick-fil-A has encouraged customers who have recently visited any of the affected restaurants to keep a close eye on their payment card statements and report any suspicious charges or activity to their banks. The company "takes the security of customer information seriously" and is currently working with cyber security experts to determine the origin and extent of the breach.  "We want to assure our customers that we are working aggressively to identify and remediate the situation," said a spokesperson for Chick-fil-A. "Protecting customer information is one of our top priorities." While the company has not yet released an official statement on the incident or provided further details, several industry experts have weighed in on how large-scale payment card breaches like this one can occur in the fast food industry. "It's not uncommon for restaurants to be hit with payment card breaches because they typically have a high volume of payment card transactions with low transaction amounts, which can create an attractive target for cyber criminals," explained Ryan Wilk, vice president for Customer Success at NuData Security.  Wilk added that "the best way to protect against these types of hacks is through multi-layered security solutions." For instance, he said, "combining passive biometrics with behavioral analysis can help detect and prevent fraudulent activities before they start." This type of multi-layered security is becoming increasingly necessary as payment card breaches continue to hit major retailers and restaurants. Just last month, it was reported that fast food chain Arby's had become the latest victim of a payment card breach that potentially affected up to 350,000 customers. As payment card breaches become more common and sophisticated, it's important for companies like Chick-fil-A to stay vigilant and take proactive measures to protect their customers' data. While the full extent and impact of this particular breach remains to be seen, it's clear that the risks of cyber crime are only growing in today's digital age.