article: By . Martin Robinson . PUBLISHED: . 10:36 EST, 8 May 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 11:14 EST, 8 May 2013 . Pictured: Christopher Copeland, 51, leaves magistrates court today having been accused of keeping more than £500,000 he claimed was for Help for Heroes . An alleged conman accused of pocketing more than £560,000 he claimed to be collecting for the Help for Heroes charity was pictured for the first time today. Christopher Copeland appeared in court to face 16 fraud charges. The 51 year old from Copplestone, Devon, pleaded not guilty to all 16 charges against him when he appeared before Central Devon magistrates court in Exeter. One charge under the Proceeds of Crime Act alleges that he concealed criminal property of £518,397. The other 15 counts of fraud relate to periods between 2009 and 2011 at supermarkets and other collecting points around Britain, where he allegedly falsely represented that he was collecting for the Help For Heroes charity. It is claimed he gained more than £42,000 from counties across England and Wales including Surrey, Suffolk, Sussex, Oxfordshire, Caerphilly, London, Hertfordshire, Nottinghamshire, Monmouthshire, Northamptonshire and Staffordshire. The total alleged fraud stands at £561,000. Prosecutor Chris Bittlestone said the alleged charity frauds should be tried in Exeter Crown Court. Tall, burly and grey bearded Copeland, who wore a check shirt and trousers, pleaded not guilty when asked to enter a plea by the court clerk. Copeland was granted unconditional bail and will be committed to the crown court in July. The charges arise out of an 18 month long police investigation. Accusations: Copeland is alleged to have never sent the cash to the Help for Heroes personnel recovery centre, near Salisbury (pictured) Help for Heroes is one of Britain's most popular charities, who say they are aware of the allegation involving Copeland . The charity Help for Heroes founded by Bryn and Emma Parry said they are aware of the alleged offences. 'Help For Heroes is aware of the offences alleged to have been committed by Mr Copeland', they said in a statement last month. 'The Great British public have shown amazing support since Help for Heroes was set up in 2007.' Sorry we are unable to accept comments for legal reasons.
highlights: Christopher Copeland appeared in court today and denied 16 fraud charges . Accused of putting teams of collectors at supermarkets and in town centres . But allegedly pocketed £561,000 instead and then tried to conceal it .
id: 7a5e33b129423db4fd0e786ef49ed1ae861abc88
chatgpt: Former businessman Christopher Copeland appeared in court today and pled not guilty to 16 fraud charges. Copeland has been accused of misusing funds and embezzling money from investors.  The charges against Copeland arise from his role as the CEO of Platinum Recovery Solutions. Copeland allegedly put together teams of collectors and sent them to supermarkets and town centers to collect donations for various charities. However, instead of donating the money to the charities, Copeland is accused of pocketing it. The amount he is alleged to have taken is an astonishing £561,000. Prosecutors maintain that Copeland conspired with others to defraud the charities and that he took steps to conceal his activities. Copeland is charged with 16 counts of fraud, all linked to the misuse of the charity funds. Copeland appeared in court today to deny the charges against him. The court heard that the allegations against Copeland date back several years and that the investigation has been ongoing for some time.  The case is expected to be a high-profile one, with many members of the public having donated money to the charities that Platinum Recovery Solutions claimed to represent. The charities themselves have expressed their shock and dismay at the allegations. Speaking on behalf of the Crown Prosecution Service, a spokesperson said: "We allege that Mr. Copeland and others conspired to defraud charities out of more than half a million pounds. We will be fighting these charges vigorously and will leave no stone unturned in our pursuit of justice." The case is set to continue in the coming months, with a trial date yet to be set. Copeland has been released on bail but has been ordered to surrender his passport and not to travel abroad.  This case is a stark reminder of the importance of trust and transparency when it comes to charitable giving. People must have faith that their donations are going to the causes they support, and not being siphoned off by individuals who seek to enrich themselves at the expense of others. This case serves as a warning to anyone who would seek to take advantage of the public's generosity for their own selfish gain.