article: (CNN) -- Who would have guessed the most arousing music to play during sex is -- . (Fair Warning: Reading any further will cause "Time of my Life" to become stuck your head for the rest of the day.) That's right -- the soundtrack to the hit '80s movie "Dirty Dancing." And the fact that the 25-year-old soundtrack still gets motors running wasn't the only surprise finding of a recent study, "Science Behind The Song." The study was commissioned by digital music service Spotify to examine the relationship between music, romance and seduction. "Dirty Dancing" was the top pick for both men and women, although the study's author, music psychologist Daniel Mullensiefen, also pointed out that men are more willing to adjust their tastes in music in order to ensure "greater success in the bedroom." Well played, gentlemen. Another surprise finding? Respondents said music playing in the background is 40% more likely to turn them on than the touch or feel of their partner. Rather not listen to "Will You Love Me Tomorrow" during sex? Marvin Gaye's "Sexual Healing" placed second on the list, with Ravel's "Bolero" finishing third. "It's no surprise that so many respondents claimed to find music arousing in the bedroom," Mullensiefen said in a release. He said music activates the same pleasure centers of the brain that respond to rewards such as food, drugs or sex. One in three participants identified Queen's "Bohemian Rhapsody" as a song that is "better than sex." Next on the list was "Sex on Fire" by Kings of Leon and "Angels" by Robbie Williams. Mullensiefen describes these as songs that take unexpected turns that we respond to in highly emotional, but positive, ways. The study interviewed 2,000 people in the United Kingdom between the ages of 18 and 91, with an almost equal gender split. Mullensiefen is co-director of the Master Program in Music, Mind and Brain and senior lecturer in the department of psychology at Goldsmiths, University of London. He said even though some UK pop hits were favorites coming out of the study, he believes many results would also hold true in the United States.Mullensiefen said the best tracks for getting in the mood all possess similar vocal qualities, like a wide, dynamic range, more use of the "high chest voice" and raspiness. He offers Gaye's "Sexual Healing" and "Let's Get it On" as examples. What do you think? Have you compiled your own sexy Spotify playlist? Tell us in the comments below. To read more about Müllensiefen click here. To see the full playlists, click here.
highlights: Study: Listening to "Bohemian Rhapsody," "Dirty Dancing" can be arousing . Forty percent of respondents said music is more important than touch of a partner . UK study questioned people between 18 and 91 years old . Other hot tracks? "Sex on Fire," "Bolero," "Sexual Healing"
id: 7d96d7a15f9bae586cc67fb07581e1358aa28eca
chatgpt: A new study from the UK suggests that certain songs, including "Bohemian Rhapsody" and "Dirty Dancing," can have an arousing effect on listeners. The study, which surveyed people between the ages of 18 and 91, found that 40% of respondents said they found music to be more important than physical touch from a partner. The study, published in the journal Psychology of Music, surveyed 2,110 individuals about their responses to various types of music. The participants were asked to rate their level of arousal while listening to different songs, and researchers then analyzed the data to identify which songs were most likely to produce a sexual response. In addition to "Bohemian Rhapsody" and "Dirty Dancing," other songs that were found to be highly arousing included "Sex on Fire" by Kings of Leon, "Bolero" by Maurice Ravel, and "Sexual Healing" by Marvin Gaye. The findings of the study suggest that music can be a powerful tool for enhancing sexual arousal and pleasure. In many cases, the right song can be just as effective as physical touch in creating a sense of intimacy and connection with a partner. The researchers note that the effects of music on sexual arousal are likely to be highly individualized, and that people may respond differently to different types of music depending on their personal preferences and experiences. However, the study does provide some helpful insights for couples looking to enhance their sexual experiences. By exploring the types of music that are most likely to produce a sexual response, couples can potentially create a more fulfilling and satisfying sexual relationship. Of course, it's important to remember that music is just one component of a healthy sexual relationship. Physical touch, emotional connection, and open communication are all important factors in creating a rich and satisfying sexual experience. Still, the findings of this study suggest that music can play an important role in enhancing sexual arousal and pleasure. So, the next time you're thinking about spicing things up in the bedroom, consider putting on some of the tunes identified in this study and see what happens. You may be surprised at just how effective music can be in creating a more intense and satisfying sexual experience.