article: (CNN) -- Starting Monday, Facebook will no longer allow ads on pages that contain sexual or violent content. The move, announced in a blog post, comes after pressure from advocacy groups. It appears to target content that falls into a gray area -- likely to be deemed offensive by many, but which doesn't go far enough to be banned by the site. "Our goal is to both preserve the freedoms of sharing on Facebook but also protect people and brands from certain types of content," the post reads. In May, Facebook was targeted by a coalition of women's organizations complaining about pages or groups that seemed to celebrate or make light of violence against women. As part of the campaign, the groups petitioned Facebook advertisers. The campaign appeared to have some effect. Several advertisers, including Nissan UK and Nationwide, said they were pulling ads from Facebook, while others said they were monitoring the situation. In response, the site announced it was redoubling efforts to stamp out hate speech. Now Facebook says it's implementing new standards for which pages or groups may have advertising placed on them. "For example, we will now seek to restrict ads from appearing next to Pages and Groups that contain any violent, graphic or sexual content (content that does not violate our community standards)," the post reads. "Prior to this change, a Page selling adult products was eligible to have ads appear on its right-hand side; now there will not be ads displayed next to this type of content." The process will begin with potentially offensive pages being flagged by humans but will eventually give way to "a more scalable, automated way to prevent and/or remove ads appearing next to controversial content." With more than 1 billion users to monitor and sometimes grumbly investors to please, Facebook finds itself having to satisfy users of the free service as well as the advertisers that provide the vast majority of its revenue. "Like any digital platform, we're not going to be perfect but we will be much better," Facebook said. "We'll continue to work aggressively on this issue with advertisers. We are confident the immediate steps we're taking will result in a significantly improved approach to preventing these instances from occurring, and we are committed to making this process work for everyone who uses Facebook."
highlights: Facebook is pulling ads from pages that contain sexual or violent content . Move comes after complaints about anti-women hate speech . Facebook's system for flagging content will eventually be automated .
id: 4ae6a05b923b3d2333c1b8c1cef1b3a8b65f8a10
chatgpt: Facebook has announced that it will no longer allow ads to be placed on pages that contain sexual or violent content. The social media giant made the decision after receiving numerous complaints about anti-women hate speech appearing on its platform. This move is part of Facebook's ongoing efforts to address issues around harmful content on its site. Previously, the company relied on users to flag inappropriate content, but it has now developed an automated system that will help to identify and remove such content more quickly and efficiently. The decision to stop ads from being placed on pages that contain sexual or violent material is one of Facebook's latest measures to combat inappropriate content on its platform. The company has come under criticism in recent years for its handling of hate speech, misinformation, and political manipulation. The new decision follows a recent controversy around anti-women hate speech on Facebook, which led to a number of companies pulling their ads from the platform. In response, Facebook has taken steps to address the issue, including hiring moderators to review content and working with third-party fact-checkers to verify the accuracy of news stories and other content. The social media giant has made it clear that it will take a strong stance against any form of hate speech or other inappropriate content on its platform. The company has already taken steps to remove content that incites violence or promotes hate, and it is now turning its attention to pages that contain sexual or violent material. Facebook's automated system for flagging content is expected to be rolled out gradually over the next few months. The company has said that the system will use machine learning and other artificial intelligence technologies to help identify and remove inappropriate content more quickly. The move to stop ads from appearing on pages with sexual or violent content is a significant step for Facebook, which has been criticized for not doing enough to stop hate speech and other harmful content from appearing on its platform. The company's decision to develop an automated system to help identify and remove such content is a positive sign that it is taking the issue seriously and is committed to creating a safe and positive environment for all of its users. As Facebook continues to grapple with issues around harmful content, it is clear that the company is taking a proactive approach to address these concerns. With its automated system for flagging content, and its decision to stop ads from appearing on pages with sexual or violent material, Facebook is taking important steps to create a safer and more positive online environment for its users.