article: Manchester City winger Jesus Navas believes his team have the speed to undo Barcelona on the counter attack next week in the Champions League. The Spain international has also promised fans of his former club Sevilla that he wants to finish his career there. On City's chances of knocking out Barcelona Navas told Marca: ‘We are very quick in attack and we like to play on the break. I belive we can hurt Barça in this way. That will definitely be one of our weapons.’ Jesus Navas in action during Manchester City's draw with Hull City earlier this month . Navas says Manuel Pellegrini's side have the pace to hurt Barcelona on the counter-attack . He also said he thought Barcelona were not the clear favourites despite them winning their last 11 games and City’s stuttering league form seeing the title slip away from them. He said: ‘I think it’s very even, I don’t see them as big favourites. Both teams have a very good chance of going through. ‘We have to be intelligent. The first game is at our place so we have to make sure we play with a lot of intensity and get a good result that we can take back to the Camp Nou.' Navas, 29, has also got one eye on a return to Spain. Asked about finishing his career at his home club Sevilla he said: ‘It would be nice to finish up there. That is the club that have given me everything and it would be a nice ending to my career.’ City's defence will have to deal with the threat of Lionel Messi, who has 14 goals in 10 games for Barcelona . Another of Manchester City's Spanish connections is the technical director of the club’s academy Rodolfo Borrell who coached Leo Messi, Cesc Fabregas and Gerard Pique when he worked at Barcelona’s famous La Masia youth system. Borrell told Mundo Deportivo that Barça’s Cuidad Deportivo has nothing on City’ s new £200m Etihad Campus. He said: ‘You can’t compare them. Ours is spectacular. But that is as you would expect when something is the latest then it can draw on more ideas for its inspiration.’ City technical director Rodolfo Borrell says City's new training complex in better than Barcelona's . City stars including Navas, Fernando (centre), Scott Sinclair (third right) and Dedryck Boyata (second right) maintain their fitness on bikes . Borrell who also worked under Rafa Benitez in Liverpool’s academy helping to bring through Raheem Sterling among others backed City’s state of the art academy to be a match for Barcelona’s in terms of end product in years to come. He said: ‘I am a Barça fan and I grew up with that way of understanding football but we are looking for our own identity here. A club cannot spend millions on players season after season. It has to create the structure that will enable it to bring through its own talent.’
highlights: Manchester City face Barcelona in the Champions League next Tuesday . City winger Jesus Navas says City have enough pace to undo Barcleona . Navas insists Barcelona are not clear favourites to go through . Catalan giants have won their last 11 matches in all competitions . Navas reveals he would like to end his career at his home club Sevilla . CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester City news .
id: 91a4051ec0e22ca84b3cafde562bf6ae7fb7c5b9
chatgpt: Manchester City are set to face Barcelona in their upcoming Champions League match next Tuesday. The match has been highly anticipated, with many fans and pundits eagerly awaiting the outcome. City winger Jesus Navas has recently spoken out about City's chances in the game, stating that the team has enough pace to undo Barcelona. Despite Barcelona's impressive winning streak, Navas is confident that City can come out on top. He highlighted the team's speed as a key advantage, as they look to disrupt Barcelona's game plan. However, Navas was quick to acknowledge that Barcelona cannot be underestimated. The Catalan giants have won their last 11 matches in all competitions, cementing their status as one of the best teams in the world. Despite this, Navas believes that City can cause an upset if they execute their game plan correctly. Navas' comments come as a boost for City fans, who have been eagerly anticipating the match. The team is currently sitting at the top of the Premier League, and many are hoping that they can replicate this success on the European stage. The upcoming match between City and Barcelona is expected to be a tense and closely contested affair. Both teams are known for their attacking prowess, and fans will be hoping for an entertaining display of football. In addition to discussing the match, Navas also revealed his desire to end his career at his home club Sevilla. The winger has had a successful career so far, playing for both City and Sevilla, and he is now looking towards the future. Overall, the upcoming match between City and Barcelona promises to be a highlight of the Champions League season. With Navas' confidence in the team's abilities, fans are eagerly anticipating what promises to be a thrilling encounter. Be sure to check out the latest Manchester City news on the provided link.