article: (CNN) -- "Real Housewives of New Jersey" stars Teresa and Joe Giudice face new bank fraud charges. The reality TV couple could spend decades in prison if convicted on the 41 counts alleged in an indictment returned by a federal grand jury in New Jersey. The Giudices allegedly faked documents and lied on applications to get more than $5 million in loans over eight years before they joined the "The Real Housewives of New Jersey" cast in 2009. They both entered "not guilty" pleas in August to the original 39 counts, including conspiracy to commit mail and wire fraud, bank fraud, making false statements on loan applications, and bankruptcy fraud. The husband and wife are due in court in Newark for the added charges on Wednesday, according to U.S. Attorney Paul Fishman. The new counts stem from a $361,250 mortgage loan that Teresa Giudice, 41, got in 2005, Fishman said. "In the course of obtaining the loan, she and Giuseppe Giudice prepared a loan application which falsely stated that Teresa Giudice was employed as a realtor and that she had a monthly salary of $15,000," Fishman said. "Teresa Giudice was not employed outside the home at the time." Giudice lawyer Miles Feinstein told reporters in August that the couple would not be testifying against each other in the case, which he said they expect to win. Teresa Giudice, in a written statement released after she was charged in July, said she would stand by her man. "Today is a most difficult day for our family," she said. "I support Joe and, as a wonderful husband and father, I know he wants only the best for our lovely daughters and me. I am committed to my family and intend to maintain our lives in the best way possible, which includes continuing my career. As a result, I am hopeful that we will resolve this matter with the government as quickly as possible." 'Real Housewives' star Jacqueline Laurita: 'Teresa is scum' The indictment accuses the Giudices of exaggerating their income by faking her employment history while applying for loans. They allegedly failed to disclose rental and business income after filing for Chapter 7 bankruptcy in 2009. The indictment also charges Joe Giudice with failure to file tax returns for tax years 2004 through 2008, during which time he allegedly earned nearly $1 million. The Giudices are free on $500,000 bond each, but they had to surrender their passports. If convicted, the couple faces up to 30 years in prison and a $1 million fine. In 2011: 'Housewives' star feels 'vindicated' paying off debts .
highlights: Teresa and Joe Giudice could spend decades in prison if convicted . The reality TV couple allegedly lied to get more than $5 million in loans over 8 years . The Giudices were initially charged by federal prosecutors in July . They both entered "not guilty" pleas in August to the original 39 counts .
id: 37db70c3b24c7e44642239345ce7a2e1fd8637ea
chatgpt: Reality TV couple Teresa and Joe Giudice face the possibility of decades behind bars if they are found guilty of allegations that they lied to obtain over $5 million in loans over an eight-year period. The Giudices were first charged by federal prosecutors in July. The couple has been accused of taking out loans using falsified employment records, tax returns and bank statements. Prosecutors allege that the Giudices lied about their income and assets to secure loans for which they did not qualify. Teresa and Joe were originally charged with 39 counts, to which they both entered not guilty pleas in August. The charges include conspiracy to commit mail and wire fraud, bank fraud, bankruptcy fraud and making false statements on loan applications. According to legal experts, if found guilty, the Giudices could spend up to 30 years in prison. The severity of the charges against the couple is a result of the large amount of money they are accused of illegally obtaining. The Giudices have been at the center of a media frenzy since the charges were filed. Both have stated that they are innocent, and that they plan to fight the charges against them. Teresa and Joe came to prominence as stars of the reality TV series "The Real Housewives of New Jersey." The long-running series follows the lives of several wealthy women as they navigate their way through life in one of the most affluent areas of the country. The Giudices have been a fixture on the show since its inception in 2009. The couple's lavish lifestyle and extravagant spending habits have been a subject of much discussion among fans of the show. However, the couple's legal troubles have thrown their future on the show into doubt. Producers of "The Real Housewives of New Jersey" have not yet commented on whether the Giudices will be featured in future seasons of the show. For now, fans of the show and the Giudices will have to wait and see how the case unfolds. The couple is set to go to trial in February of next year. Regardless of the outcome of the trial, the case serves as a reminder that no one is above the law. The Giudices may have been the stars of a hit TV show, but they are now facing the very real possibility of spending decades behind bars if found guilty of the charges against them.