article: Los Angeles (CNN) -- Michael Jackson's oldest son disputed Dr. Conrad Murray's claim, given in his police interview, that the doctor comforted him and his siblings in the emergency room after they learned their father was dead, according to a Jackson family member who was with the children that day. Prince Jackson told his family that Murray's account played in his involuntary manslaughter trial this week was not true, Trent Jackson, the nephew of Katherine and Joe Jackson, said Thursday. "Perfect storm" of drugs killed Jackson, sleep expert says . Jackson family members were upset that jurors may sympathize with Murray because of perceived compassion for the children that day, Jackson told CNN. "I hugged them all, gave comfort to Paris, comfort to Prince, comfort to Blanket, which is the last little guy, because whenever they were sick, they would always ask for Dr. Conrad," Murray told detectives two days after Jackson's death in 2009. Trent Jackson, who drove Katherine Jackson to Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center, where doctors were trying to revive her son, said Murray did not have a conversation with Paris Jackson, the 12-year-old daughter, as he told police. "She asked me, 'Dr. Murray, you said you save a lot of patients. You know, you save people with heart attacks, and you couldn't save my dad," Murray told detectives. "I said, 'I tried my best.' And she said, 'I know that, Dr. Murray. At least I know. I know you tried your best. I know you tried your best, but I'm really sad. You know, I will wake up in the morning, and I won't be able to see my daddy.'" Prince, Paris and Blanket Jackson were initially kept in an SUV outside of the emergency room after they followed the ambulance carrying their father to the hospital, Trent Jackson said. Frank Dileo, who was Michael Jackson's manager, later escorted them inside after their grandmother arrived, according to Trent Jackson. Murray never spoke to Michael Jackson's mother at the emergency room, contrary to his statement to police, Trent Jackson said. While the truthfulness of Murray's interview is a major issue in the trial, it is not expected that Michael Jackson's 14-year-old son Prince will be called to testify, the relative said. Katherine Jackson, who has custody of the children, is opposed to any of them being called as witnesses, he said. Prosecutors are near a conclusion to their direct presentation in Murray's trial, but rebuttal witnesses could be called next week after the defense rests its case.
highlights: Prince Jackson disputes doctor's account of events, family member says . Murray told police he comforted Prince, Paris, Blanket Jackson in emergency room . Katherine Jackson does not want her grandson to testify in Murray's trial, a family member says .
id: 7dba0f3b7d78d92655893724d5786abaa42b9042
chatgpt: New developments have arisen in the trial of Dr. Conrad Murray, the physician charged in the death of pop icon Michael Jackson. Prince Jackson, the late singer's eldest son, has reportedly disputed the doctor's account of events leading up to his father's death in 2009. According to a family member, Murray told police that he helped comfort Prince and his younger siblings, Paris and Blanket, in the emergency room after their father suffered cardiac arrest. However, Prince has come forward to dispute this version of events, raising questions about what really happened on that fateful day. The Jackson family has been closely following the trial, and tensions have been running high in recent days. There have been reports of disagreements among family members regarding whether or not Prince should take the witness stand. While some argue that his testimony could be critical in determining the outcome of the trial, others are concerned about the toll that testifying might take on the 24-year-old. This concern has reportedly been echoed by Katherine Jackson, the family matriarch and the mother of Michael Jackson. According to another family member, Katherine has said that she does not want Prince to testify in the trial. While she is no doubt eager for justice to be served, the well-being of her grandson is clearly a top priority. As the trial continues, it remains to be seen how these new developments will impact the outcome. Dr. Murray is facing charges of involuntary manslaughter, and the prosecution is eager to prove that he was responsible for Michael Jackson's death. The defense, meanwhile, is working to cast doubt on the prosecution's case and establish that other factors may have played a role. In the midst of these legal proceedings, the Jackson family is continuing to grapple with the loss of their beloved patriarch. While Prince Jackson's dispute with Dr. Murray's claimed actions may not directly impact the outcome of the trial, it is still a powerful reminder of the enduring pain that Michael Jackson's family and fans feel in the wake of his untimely passing. As the case heads towards its conclusion, the world will be watching closely to see what the verdict will be. But regardless of the outcome, it is clear that the legacy of Michael Jackson will continue to loom large, both in the hearts of his family and in the wider world of music and pop culture.