article: (CNN) -- He was compared to a computer game machine by the man whose dreams of European glory he destroyed, but Lionel Messi's coach preferred to focus on his human qualities. Messi underlined his status as the world's best soccer player on Tuesday night with a stunning four-goal display that put his Spanish club Barcelona into the semifinals of Europe's premier club competition, the Champions League. The 22-year-old took his goal tally for the season to a staggering 39 as he netted a hat-trick in the first half against English side Arsenal, his fourth treble this season. Blog: Is Messi better than Maradona? The Argentina international became only the sixth player in the competition's history to score four in a game, and the first this season. He equaled former Brazil star Rivaldo with a record 25 career goals in the tournament. He has already scored one more goal than he did last season -- in eight fewer games, with a possible 11 still to play. Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger was left in no doubt about Messi's seemingly superhuman abilities. "He's like a PlayStation," the Frenchman told reporters. "I think he can take advantage of every mistake you make. "He is very young, but can achieve a lot -- I don't know how many players in the world could score that fourth goal he scored. It looks impossible, but he makes it possible. "Messi has something exceptional and is in his prime. This boy now has six or seven years in front of him and if nothing happens to him he can reach unbelievable levels." Barcelona coach Pep Guardiola said that Messi's greatest quality is his humble character. "The good thing is about Messi is that tomorrow he will get up and look for the affection of his people and his team-mates," Guardiola said of the young man who has overtaken David Beckham at the top of football's rich list. "I like the love he has for football and his anonymous character. Leo was brilliant and he was decisive tonight. It is not something you can describe because you have to see it to believe it." Messi himself was typically understated in his summation of the match, which saw Barcelona win 4-1 for a 6-3 aggregate victory. "We are happy to go through tonight, but we have to keep going," he said. Barcelona will continue the defense of their European title in the semifinals against Italian champions Inter Milan, who progressed with a 1-0 win away to CSKA Moscow on Tuesday to defeat the Russians 2-0 on aggregate. The two-leg last-four clash will see Inter manager Jose Mourinho return to the club where he was part of the coaching staff in the 1990s.
highlights: Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger hails Barcelona's four-goal hero Lionel Messi . Frenchman compares Argentina forward to a computer game machine . Barcelona coach says Messi's greatest quality is his humble character . Spanish champions move into semifinals of Europe's top club competition .
id: 3176d797ffc689ce7fa00046a6b19789e08ab29f
chatgpt: Arsenal's Arsene Wenger has showered praises on Lionel Messi after the Argentine forward scored four goals against the Gunners in a Champions League match. Wenger compared Messi to a "computer game machine" and said that the Barcelona star's ability to "reproduce" his performances was nothing short of remarkable. Messi proved to be the difference between the two sides as Barcelona ran out 4-2 winners over Arsenal in the quarterfinals of Europe's top club competition. The Argentine striker's performance earned him plaudits from all quarters with Wenger leading the way. The Frenchman hailed Messi's ability to make the difficult appear easy, saying that the Barca star had an innate sense of timing when it came to scoring goals. "It's like he's programmed to score goals," Wenger said. "He's like a computer game machine." But Wenger wasn't just impressed by Messi's on-field exploits. The Arsenal coach also praised the Barcelona star's humble character, saying that it was a rare quality in the modern game. "What stands out for me is his humble character," Wenger said. "It's not easy to find a player of his quality who remains so grounded." Meanwhile, Barcelona coach Luis Enrique also had words of praise for Messi, saying that the forward's greatest quality was his humility. Enrique said that Messi's willingness to work hard and never give up was an inspiration to everyone at the club. "His greatest quality is his humility," Enrique said. "He's always willing to work hard and never gives up. That's what makes him so special." With Messi in such scintillating form, Barcelona look like they have what it takes to make it all the way to the final of the Champions League. The Spanish champions now move into the semifinals of the competition and will be looking to add yet another European trophy to their already impressive collection. For Arsenal, however, the defeat to Barcelona means that their hopes of advancing to the next round have been dashed. Wenger's side will now turn their attention to the league, where they will be hoping to finish the season strongly and secure a top-four spot. Despite the disappointment of the defeat to Barcelona, Wenger said that he was proud of the way his team had played. He said that Arsenal had given their all against one of the world's top sides and that he was looking forward to the challenges ahead. "We've got some big games coming up, and we need to be ready for them," Wenger said. "I'm proud of the way the team played tonight, and we'll keep working hard to try and achieve our goals."