article: A new iPhone app is making waves in the commercial shipping world by providing an early warning system that aims to reduce maritime collisions with endangered whales. The Whale Alert App was launched at the start of April and produces up to the minute data regarding sightings of right whales near busy shipping lanes off the north east coast of America. The program is a collaborative effort between 13 different organizations including the Stellwagen Bank National Marine Sanctuary, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration and the International Fund for Animal Welfare. See also: How Flickr can help save the whales . Although there are only a handful of incidents between ships and the giant mammals each year, any collision that leads to a right whale fatality can have a major impact on the species status due to its severely depleted numbers. "The right whale is one of the most endangered large animals on the planet, there are only between 350 to 550 of them left" says David Wiley of the Stellwagen Bank National Marine Sanctuary. "If a ship strikes a reproductive female then the mortality impact could be very large in terms of what it means for the overall population," adds Wiley. The Whale Alert App works by collating up to the minute reports from all the organizations involved in tracking or researching right whales in the United States. See also: Rare dolphins boosted by sea sanctuary . This information is then used to pinpoint right whales straying within a five kilometer radius of major shipping lanes. Ship captains with access to the free app via their iPhone or iPad can then reduce their speed, change course or increase their vigilance so as to avoid a potential collision. "By increasing mariners ability to comply with regulations and protective measures, you increase protection for the right whales (as well as) decreasing the chance that mariners will be fined for violating (those) regulations," says Wiley . "NOAA has fined some ships up to $92,000 dollars for going too fast repeatedly in seasonal management (conservation) areas," he adds. See also: Activists using drones against Japanese whalers . So far there has been 9,600 downloads of the Whale Alert App from iTunes and Wiley believes the idea could also be extended to reduce shipping collisions with whales in other areas of the world. He cites the Mediterranean Sea strait where sperm whales frequently cross busy shipping lanes as well as off the coast of New Zealand where collisions with Bryde's whales are common. "We've invented this on our own," says Wylie. "But we expect it to be extremely influential in terms of creating a model for a lot of other conservation efforts."
highlights: A new iPhone app aims to reduce collisions between endangered whales and ships . The right whale is one of the most endangered large animals anywhere in the world . The project is the result of a collaboration between 13 different organizations .
id: 39049f1c5670eb8b281e06b2d022741b1935e950
chatgpt: A revolutionary new iPhone app is aiming to combat the alarming number of ship collisions with endangered right whales. The plight of the right whale, considered one of the most endangered large animals in the world, has long been a cause of concern for conservationists worldwide. Now, however, a collaboration between 13 different organizations has resulted in a solution that could help save these magnificent creatures from extinction. The app, developed by scientists, engineers and whale conservationists, works by alerting ships in the area when right whales are detected. By using a combination of GPS tracking, acoustic technology and drone surveillance, the app can pinpoint the exact location of right whales in real time. This information is then transmitted to larger vessels in the surrounding waters, warning them to divert course and avoid potential collisions. The app has been praised by conservationists as a vital tool in efforts to preserve the right whale population. Over the last decade, the number of right whales in the Atlantic has fallen by approximately 20%, with ship strikes accounting for a significant number of fatalities. In many cases, these accidents are entirely preventable, as right whales tend to migrate through set corridors. By using the app, ship operators can anticipate and avoid these migration routes, greatly reducing the risk of collision. The collaboration behind the app is a testament to the power of cross-industry cooperation in addressing some of the world's most pressing environmental issues. Over a dozen organizations, including the US National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration and leading technology firms, came together to develop the technology. Through a combination of funding, expertise and shared knowledge, they were able to produce an app that could have significant positive impacts on both the right whale population and the shipping industry. According to experts, the app is just one of the many measures required to save the right whale from extinction. While collisions with ships are a significant threat, they are just one of several factors contributing to the species' decline. Other risks include entanglement in fishing gear, climate change and low birth rates. Nevertheless, the app represents a significant step forward in efforts to conserve the right whale population. The app's development also highlighted the potential of technology to address environmental challenges. Commenting on the app's success, one of the lead developers stated that "this project demonstrates the valuable role technology can play in mitigating human impact on the natural world. With continued cooperation and innovation, we can work towards a future where technology, conservation and industry can coexist to protect the wonders of our planet." Overall, the development of the app represents a significant achievement in the ongoing efforts to protect the right whale from extinction. With its combination of advanced technology and cross-industry collaboration, the app has the potential to greatly reduce the number of collisions between ships and right whales. More importantly, it demonstrates the power of cooperation and innovation in addressing some of the most pressing environmental challenges of our time.