article: (CNN) -- Jonny Wilkinson's international rugby career could be coming to a close after the former World Cup hero was dropped by England for Saturday's Six Nations finale against title hopefuls France. The fly-half was widely regarded as the planet's best player after kicking England to glory at the 2003 World Cup, but has been almost as largely vilified this year due to his team's uninspiring performances. The 30-year-old will be replaced by Toby Flood in Paris, having been dropped for only the third time in his England career. Wilkinson went off after a heavy blow to the head against Scotland last weekend, when Flood made a big impression after coming on as a substitute to earn England a 15-15 draw. The result ended England's slim title hopes. Wilkinson has been passed fit to take his place on the bench against the French, who have won all four games so far and would need to suffer a heavy defeat to allow Ireland to retain the title. England coach Martin Johnson, the team's captain in 2003, said he was happy to give the 24-year-old Flood a starting chance. "Jonny took a number of bangs and heavy blows. We need at least two players in every position and we would have been happy to pick Toby in every game so far," he told the UK Press Association. Wilkinson's career has been blighted by injuries since 2003, and his failure to regain his form as England's influential playmaker in this year's Six Nations tournament means he will struggle to feature at the next World Cup in New Zealand in 2011. Younger players such as Flood are likely to be given their chance to shine in the November internationals against Australia, Samoa, South Africa and New Zealand. Johnson has made six changes for Saturday's game, with captain Steve Borthwick named in the squad despite being in doubt with a knee injury. Winger Chris Ashton will make his debut in a backline that sees veteran World Cup winner Mike Tindall recalled at center and Ben Foden start at fullback, with Delon Armitage dropped from the squad. Lock Simon Shaw returns from injury, while flanker Lewis Moody starts in place of James Haskell. France welcome back center Mathieu Bastareaud, with David Marty making way despite scoring two tries in last weekend's win against Italy. The French have not beaten England since the 2006 Six Nations, losing in the World Cup semifinal in 2007 and then again in Paris the following year before another defeat at Twickenham 12 months ago. Les Bleus have not won the championship since 2007, which was their second in a row. In Saturday's other matches, Wales host Italy and then Ireland take on Scotland in Dublin before the Paris match starts.
highlights: Former World Cup hero Jonny Wilkinson dropped by England for clash with France . Wilkinson relegated to bench for final match of 2010 Six Nations tournament . Toby Flood will start in his place, casting doubt over Wilkinson's international future . France seeking to win the Six Nations title for the first time since 2007 .
id: 995652f05bbdb9983809040a8d5112d5a16275fb
chatgpt: In a surprising move by England rugby head coach Martin Johnson, former World Cup hero Jonny Wilkinson has been dropped to the bench for England's final match of the 2010 Six Nations tournament against France. The decision has cast doubt over Wilkinson's future with the national team. Wilkinson, who famously kicked the winning drop goal for England in the 2003 World Cup final, has struggled with injuries and form in recent years. His replacement, Toby Flood, has impressed in recent matches and is seen as a rising star in English rugby. Johnson acknowledged that the decision to bench Wilkinson was a difficult one, but ultimately came down to what he believed was best for the team. "It's a tough call, but one we feel is right for this game," Johnson said in a statement. England will face a tough French team looking to win the Six Nations title for the first time since 2007. France have been in impressive form throughout the tournament, with wins over Italy, Scotland, and Ireland. For England, the final match of the Six Nations represents a chance to salvage something from a disappointing tournament. The team have underperformed, losing to both Ireland and Wales, and have been criticised for their lack of attacking flair. Wilkinson's exclusion from the starting line-up will come as a blow to many England supporters, who still hold fond memories of his heroics in the 2003 World Cup. However, the decision will also give Flood a chance to prove his worth and stake a claim for a regular starting spot. Flood has already made an impact in the tournament, scoring two tries and providing a steady hand at fly-half. His inclusion in the starting line-up is a sign that Johnson wants to inject more attacking verve into England's game. Wilkinson's future with the national team now looks uncertain, with some speculating that he may retire from international rugby altogether. However, Johnson was quick to quash these rumours, saying that Wilkinson remained an important part of the England squad. "Jonny is a world-class player, and he still has a lot to offer us," Johnson said. "We're lucky to have him in the squad, and I'm sure he'll make an impact off the bench if called upon." For England, the focus now turns to the match against France, and the chance to end the Six Nations tournament on a high note. With Flood at fly-half and a point to prove, England will be hoping to upset the odds and emerge victorious against a strong French team.