article: By . Kieran Gill . Follow @@kie1410 . Roger Federer beat Andy Murray 6-3 7-5 in the Cincinnati Masters quarter-final to set up a final-four clash with Canadian Milos Raonic. A turnaround in the second and decisive set saw  British No 1 Murray hit the self-destruct button, relinquishing a 4-1 lead over his Swiss counterpart to lose  7-5. Murray could have little complaints, though, as Federer looked in superior form to the man six places adrift of him in the world rankings. A touch of class: Roger Federer beat Andy Murray in straight sets to reach the Cincinnati Masters quarter-final . Tough going: Murray couldn't find an answer to Federer's tricks in the quarter-final and lost 6-3 7-5 in the end . Federer couldn't capitalise on six break points early on. The World No 3 did, however, pounce on the seventh, taking the fourth game to move into a 3-1 lead in the opening set. It continued that same way as Federer took the first set 6-3. His first serve proved deadly, winning 83 per cent compared to Murray's mediocre 56. Murray had to improve and at first, he looked like he had. The 27-year-old cut a different figure in the second set, breaking his Swiss counterpart twice to establish a very health 4-1 lead. That, though, didn't last long. Federer won four consecutive games to make it 5-4 and a frustrated Murray could only turn and mutter to himself in the aftermath. The World No 9 looked defeated - mentally and physically - after letting his advantage slip. Winner: Federer proved too good for Murray in the end in the Cincinnati Masters quarter-final . Popular: The Swiss star celebrates victory and a place in the last four of the event in Ohio . Federer sat just two points away from winning the quarter-final clash, and an outrageously-good backhand from the seven-time Wimbledon champion sent Murray sprawling to move him one away. Murray could find no answers to Federer, who sealed the win with another break in the final set. Murray was left to ponder what might have been had he taken his numerous opportunities to break Federer's serve. He told atpworldtour.com: 'I started the match off pretty slow tonight. '[Federer] came out quick. Then I had a couple break points in back-to-back games to get into it in the first set. I didn't get either of them. 'Then obviously was well up in the second and blew it. It's a shame.' Preparation: Murray will head to New York for the US Open at Flushing Meadows .
highlights: Roger Federer beats Andy Murray 6-3 7-5 in the Cincinnati Masters last eight . Federer moves into semi-final with win over British No 1 to face Milos Raonic . Murray lost 4-1 lead in second set to ultimately lose 7-5 against World No 3 .
id: 034a9de94fb24ed40c3ea14a500ba7060ca6e7b7
chatgpt: Roger Federer continued his impressive run in the Cincinnati Masters, defeating Andy Murray 6-3 7-5 in the quarterfinals on Friday. This victory saw the Swiss tennis legend move one step closer to his seventh Cincinnati title. The match was largely dominated by Federer, who showed great poise and skill throughout the game. Despite an early fight from Murray, Federer was able to break him in the seventh game of the first set and eventually won it 6-3. The second set saw a resurgent Murray take control early, leading 4-1 at one point. However, Federer refused to give up and fought back with his trademark elegance and precision. The World No 3 won the final 6 games of the set to close it out 7-5 and reach the semifinals. Following his victory, Federer praised Murray for his efforts, stating that the Brit had put up a great fight. "It was a tough match, and Andy played incredibly well. I had to dig deep to find my best tennis, but fortunately it was enough to get the job done," he said. Federer's next opponent will be Milos Raonic, who defeated Dominican Republic's Victor Estrella Burgos in straight sets. Raonic and Federer have faced each other 14 times, with Federer winning 11 of those encounters. However, the Canadian has been in good form recently and will undoubtedly pose a stiff challenge to the Swiss maestro. Meanwhile, Murray, who had been hoping to secure his first title since returning from injury earlier this year, was left disappointed with the result. Despite leading in the second set, he was unable to maintain his momentum against Federer. "I thought I played well for most of the match, but Roger is just too good. He raised his game when he needed to and deserved the win," Murray stated after the match. Federer's victory further solidifies his status as one of the greatest tennis players of all time. Having won 20 Grand Slam titles and 98 career ATP titles, the 37-year-old continues to defy age and expectations with his consistent performances on the court. The semifinal between Federer and Raonic is set to take place on Saturday, with the winner advancing to the final and a chance to lift the Cincinnati Masters trophy.