article: By . Associated Press . and Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 21:38 EST, 20 February 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 05:59 EST, 21 February 2014 . The son of U.S. Senator Mark Udall has been charged with breaking into a home and four cars after allegedly using heroin. Twenty-six-year-old Jedediah Lee Fox-Udall was advised of the charges during a brief court hearing in Boulder Thursday. He faces charges of trespassing, burglary, theft and possession of drug paraphernalia. Not-so-fortunate son: Jedediah Lee Fox-Udall (left), was in court Thursday to face charges of trespassing, burglary, theft and posession of drug paraphernalia. He is the son of Utah Senator Mark Udall (right) Deputies say after they arrested Fox-Udall on January 30, he told them he had recently used heroin, but prosecutors say no heroin was found and he wasn't charged with drug possession. His lawyer, Alex Garlin, says Fox-Udall is in an addiction treatment program and 'is dedicated to turning his life around.' Fox-Udall's mother, Maggie Fox, sat beside him in the courtroom, her hand resting on his leg. They both left in a waiting SUV without comment. 'Maggie and I are deeply distressed to learn of our son's arrest,’ Sen. Mark Udall said in a statement to the Boulder Daily Camera following the arrest. ‘We love our son and stand with him in his commitment to getting the treatment he needs. We appreciate the private space to deal with this as a family.’ Senator Udall is a Democrat Senator of Colorado who represented the region in the House of Representatives before winning his Senate seat in 2008. Senator Udall is running for re-election this year. Last July, Senator Udall's brother James 'Randy' Udall, 61, was found dead after a hiking trip in Pinedale, Wyoming. The Udalls have a long, illustrious history as politicians in Western states. The Senator’s cousin Tom Udall is the senior U.S. Senator from New Mexico and cousin Gordon Smith was a U.S. Senator from Oregon until 2008. His uncle, Stewart Udall, was Interior secretary in the 1960s. His father was the late U.S. Rep. Morris ‘Mo’ Udall of Arizona. Senator Udall  has voted for the Affordable Care Act, also known as Obamacare, and to expand background checks for gun purchases. n 2011 he attempted to end indefinite detention of U.S. citizens by introducing an amendment to the National Defense Authorization Act, but it was rejected by the Senate.
highlights: Jedediah Lee Fox-Udall was arrested on January 30 after breaking into a home and four cars . The 26-year-old  is the son of Colorado Senator Mark Udall, who is up for re-election this year . Fox-Udall claims he was high on heroin at the time of the crimes, but police say they didn't find any drugs on hima . He appeared in court Thursday to face the charges, supported by his mother .
id: be4d6836ff2e9281822bd31b9f159b58642f048c
chatgpt: Jedediah Lee Fox-Udall, the 26-year-old son of Colorado Senator Mark Udall, was arrested on January 30 after breaking into a home and four cars. According to police reports, Fox-Udall claimed that he was high on heroin during the crimes, but officers did not find any drugs on him at the time of his arrest. The incident occurred just as Senator Udall is up for re-election this year. Fox-Udall's arrest puts a spotlight on the senator's family troubles, which have become a major concern among his supporters. The arrest has been a source of embarrassment for the senator's campaign, as well as for his family. Fox-Udall's mother, Maggie Fox, attended court on Thursday to support her son as he faced the charges. During the hearing, Fox-Udall's defense attorney argued that his client's drug addiction was to blame for his behavior. However, the judge was not sympathetic and set a hefty bail of $50,000. The senator's camp issued a statement expressing their disappointment over Fox-Udall's actions. They emphasized that the senator and his family are committed to supporting Fox-Udall's efforts to overcome his addiction and turn his life around. Despite the unfortunate circumstances, the senator's re-election campaign remains strong. He has received endorsement from a wide range of groups and individuals, including former President Barack Obama and several Democratic Party leaders. Despite the challenges, Senator Udall remains optimistic about his re-election prospects. He remains committed to fighting for the people of Colorado and delivering results that will make a positive impact on their lives. As for Fox-Udall, his future remains uncertain. His immediate fate will be determined by the outcome of his trial, but his struggle with addiction is likely to continue long after he's released from jail. For now, his case serves as a cautionary tale for anyone who has struggled with addiction and is seeking a way out.