article: (CNN) -- Bode Miller may have ended up in tears, but he's not upset with the reporter who pushed him to that point. "I was really surprised. I mean, I felt like it was me, not her," he told CNN about NBC reporter Christin Cooper. After Miller won a bronze in the men's super-G alpine skiing race Sunday, Cooper asked him about his emotions and stuck with the questions after Miller teared up talking about his brother, Chelone, a snowboarder with his own Olympic aspirations who died last year at 29. Miller -- who ended up unable to speak, doubled over and crying -- says he doesn't blame her for asking the questions. "She asked questions that I feel like with her knowledge of my brother and the situation, I felt like were pretty normal questions," Miller said. "I've known Christin for a long time, and I think she's really comfortable with me, and I felt terrible that she was getting just massacred in the press and in social media." Miller's brother was in a motorcycle accident in 2006. He suffered several seizures after that but still dreamed of competing in the Olympics. "That was part of the reason why I was staying with it, and coming back to continue to race, so we would be here together and, you know, hopefully win together," Miller said. Winning was an incredible way to honor his brother, he said, which made Sunday great and painful. "In the end, people will sort of see that it was more me just dealing with all these emotions and the build-up of several years of very tough personal life stuff," Miller said. Jansrud triumphs in super-G as Miller gets historic bronze . CNN's Steve Almasy and Dana Ford contributed to this report.
highlights: "I felt like it was me, not her," Miller says about NBC reporter Christin Cooper . Cooper asked Miller about his emotions; he ended up unable to speak and crying . Miller's brother, a snowboarder with his own Olympic aspirations, died last year .
id: 4e96f4c17654bf6fdb442883e6562a250413be23
chatgpt: American skier Bode Miller spoke with NBC reporter Christin Cooper after the men's Super-G skiing race at the Winter Olympics in Sochi. However, the interview became emotional and Miller broke down in tears, as Cooper asked him about his brother Chelone, who died last year. The interviewer questioned Miller about his emotions in regard to his brother's death, leading to a heart-wrenching moment. "I felt like it was me, not her," Miller stated about Cooper in a statement later on. "I'm not blaming her at all. I was just upset." Miller's brother, who was a snowboarder with his own Olympic aspirations, passed away in April 2013 due to a seizure. He was only 29 years old. Miller, who was plagued by injury for the last few years, was attempting to win his sixth Olympic medal in Sochi. He had a great run and led the competition temporarily, but he ultimately finished in third place. When Cooper asked him about his effort and his emotions about his brother's passing, Miller could not speak and began to cry. "I've always been the one who's been able to handle things," Miller said. "That was a moment when I couldn't do that." Miller rectified that he is a very passionate, emotional person and his brother's death has deeply affected his life. He added that he has been dedicating his performances at these Olympic Games to his brother, who introduced him to skiing. The emotional interview has caused quite a stir on social media. Some have criticized Cooper for pushing Miller too far, while others have expressed sympathy for Miller and the tragic loss of his brother. However, Miller has expressed that he does not blame Cooper for what happened and that he appreciates her kindness and professionalism.