article: (AOL Autos) -- Old cars don't die, they just get resold. Check out a vehicle history report to make sure your new used car won't blow smoke down the highway. If you're buying a used car, whether from a dealer or someone who put an ad in the paper, you'll want to know as much about it as you can. Even without anyone trying to deceive you, the vehicle may have problems you can't see from a simple visual inspection or even a short test drive. A vehicle history report prepared by a third party is one way to know what you're getting. Combining information from state DMVs (Departments of Motor Vehicles) and RMVs (Registry of Motor Vehicles) as well as police reports and other sources, a vehicle history report can give you a comprehensive overview of where the car's been. Here are some things to look for -- or look out for -- when you get a report on a vehicle. None of these things is necessarily a reason not to buy a car, but you shouldn't make a decision without asking about anything you see on a vehicle history: . Many owners . The more garages a car's been in, the less likely it's been lovingly cared for all its life. Not everyone is as responsible about car care as you are. Rental cars and former taxis, for example, will often have undergone a lot of abuse, although they tend to be quite inexpensive. Location, location, location . Some parts of the country are more car-friendly than others. Winter storms (with their accompanying salted roads) can be rough on cars, as obviously can floods, excessive heat or even sea air. Cars that have been where these are common may have hidden damage. Name and description . Be sure the car in the report is the same as the car you're looking at. Carefully reviewing the vehicle description is one way to avoid various types of vehicle fraud, like VIN cloning. A cloned vehicle involves using a vehicle identification number (VIN) from a legally owned, non-stolen vehicle to mask the identity of a similar make/model stolen vehicle. Reports, should include detailed descriptions of the vehicle, so you can make sure the car you're reading about is the same as the one you're looking at. Suspicious markings . Keep an eye out for records of body work that might indicate a prior unreported incident. Vehicle history reports, like those from CARFAX, can be very comprehensive. In the case of CARFAX, the company's database contains more than five billion records from thousands of public and private sources, including all DMVs in the United States and Canada and thousands of vehicle inspection stations, auto auctions, fleet management and rental agencies, automobile manufacturers, and fire and police departments.
highlights: If a car has a lot of previous owners, it's more likely to be not-well cared for . A car from the north would be more affected by damaging winter storms . VIN cloning is a type of fraud where stolen cars use fake legitimate numbers . Body work could indicate an unreported accident .
id: 3b1d3309825780556178569cd40d880a793f8da7
chatgpt: When you're in the market for a used car, there are many factors to consider. One important aspect is the car's history, which can tell you a lot about how well the car has been taken care of over the years. If a car has had many previous owners, it's more likely to have been neglected or poorly maintained, which can lead to a range of problems down the line. Another factor to consider when buying a used car is where it has been driven. Cars that have been used in areas with harsh weather conditions, such as the northern United States, may be more likely to have experienced damage from winter storms or other severe weather events. While it's not impossible to find a well-maintained car from a northern state, it's important to keep this in mind when evaluating potential purchases. One type of fraud that can impact used car buyers is VIN cloning. This type of scam involves thieves stealing a car and then cloning its Vehicle Identification Number (VIN) onto a similar make and model of car. The cloned car is then given a fake title and resold, leaving the unsuspecting buyer with a stolen vehicle. It can be difficult to spot a cloned car, but one clue to look for is if the VIN number appears to have been tampered with or altered in any way. Finally, it's important to look for signs of previous damage or accidents when evaluating a used car. While some types of damage may be obvious, such as major dents or scratches, others may be more subtle. For example, if there is evidence of body work or paint repairs, it could indicate that the car has been in an accident that was either not reported or not fully repaired. By keeping these factors in mind, used car buyers can make more informed decisions when evaluating potential purchases. While there are always risks involved in buying a used car, taking the time to do proper research and evaluation can help you avoid scams and make a smart investment in a reliable vehicle.