article: By . Anthony Bond . PUBLISHED: . 17:18 EST, 12 September 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 17:35 EST, 12 September 2012 . A controversial new adapter for the iPhone 5 which users will have to buy in order to continue using Apple accessories will cost at least £18, it has emerged. The new phone, which was unveiled in San Francisco on Wednesday, includes a . controversial new 'docking connector' which will render thousands of . Apple accessories obsolete. The newer, slimline port means that . thousands of current Apple accessories will need a new . adapter to work with the phone -  or become unusable. Expense: A controversial new adapter for the iPhone 5 which users will have to buy in order to continue using Apple accessories will cost at least £18, it has emerged . Controversial: The iPhone 5 dock connector is pictured . According . to the website Gizmodo, the new 'Lightning to 30-pin' adapter will . cost about £18 while a 0.2m cable version of the adapter will cost about £24. With . the new model, Apple is ditching the docking port connector it's used . for iPods, iPhones and iPads for nearly a decade in favor of a smaller, . narrower one. The newer, slimline port means that . thousands of current Apple accessories will need a potentially clunky . adapter to work with the 'iPhone 5' - or become unusable. There will be adapters . available so that the new phone will be able to connect to sound docks . and other accessories designed for the old phones. Pricey: The cheapest version of the adapter will cost about £18 . Expense: The new Lightning Adapter is pictured on the Apple website - costing $39 . Speaking at today's launch, Phil Schiller, Apple's senior vice president of worldwide marketing, said: . ‘The . iPhone from its start used the 30 pin connector, and it has served us . well. A lot has changed and it is time for the connector to evolve - and . our new connector is called Lightning.’ Many fans were . left angry last month when images allegedly showing the iPhone 5's new design . leaked out, showing the traditional 30-pin dock connector - used for . charging, syncing files and pumping audio to hi-fis - had been . re-designed into a smaller shape. The new 'Lightning' dock: While providing . somewhat of a disconnect for previous users, the new port is faster and . can be plugged in either way up . Bye bye 4S, hello 5: Phil Schiller, Apple's . senior vice president of worldwide marketing, shows off the iPhone 5 for . the first time .
highlights: The new phone includes a . controversial new 'docking connector' which will render thousands of . Apple accessories obsolete . Users will need to buy a new . adapter to work with the phone .
id: 172d3700dab2f1ed8bbbcae266db7e12633df774
chatgpt: Apple has made big news with their new phone release – but perhaps not in the way they intended. The latest offering from the tech giant includes a controversial new 'docking connector' which is set to render thousands of existing Apple accessories obsolete. Users will now need to purchase a new adapter - an expense Apple enthusiasts are less than thrilled about. The change has been met with some criticism from the public, with many loyal iPhone users expressing their frustration online. The new connector is reportedly smaller than the previous one, and has been designed to take up less space within the phone casing. However, this comes at a cost to users who invested in a range of Apple accessories such as docking stations, speakers, and chargers that are now incompatible with the latest model. The new connector also means that users will need to purchase additional adapters if they wish to use their existing accessories with the new phone. The extra expense and inconvenience of having to carry an adapter around has caused frustration and disappointment among many Apple customers. Apple has issued a statement defending their decision to change the connector, saying that it allows for better performance and enables them to make the phone smaller and more efficient. However, critics suggest that the new connector may have been introduced to force users to purchase new accessories, adding to Apple's already impressive sales figures. Replacing the previous 30-pin connector with a new, smaller lightning port has not been the first time Apple has made such a move. They have previously made changes to connectors on their range of MacBook models - and while this was seen as a simple update at the time, it has become clear that the new connector was introduced to encourage users to buy Apple's own accessories. It is clear that users who have invested in Apple's range of accessories will feel let down by the new development, with many feeling that they have been left with redundant devices. While the new phone is still popular with many, others have been put off by the added expense of purchasing new accessories or adapters. It remains to be seen how Apple will respond to the feedback and whether they will address the concerns of their loyal fanbase. Despite the controversy, it is clear that Apple is forging ahead with their vision of innovation and improvement. While there will always be those who resist change, the introduction of newer, more efficient technology is an inevitability in the ever-evolving world of tech. It seems that users will need to make a choice between adapting to the new changes or sticking with their old devices and accessories. The choice is theirs.