article: LONDON, England (CNN) -- The killer of "Harry Potter" actor Rob Knox has been given four life sentences and told he will be behind bars for at least 20 years. The parents of Robert Knox read a statement outside the Old Bailey after Karl Bishop was found guilty of his murder. A judge at the Old Bailey court in central London sentenced 22-year-old Karl Bishop on Thursday, the day after he was convicted of the attack on Rob Knox and four of his friends in southeast London last May. Bishop stabbed them 10 times in less than two minutes, the court heard. Knox, 18, had rushed out of the bar after he heard that Bishop had threatened his younger brother Jamie but he ended up being stabbed five times, once in a main artery. He died in hospital later that night. The judge, Mr Justice Bean, told Bishop: "You are at present a highly dangerous man," the Press Association reported. "There is plainly a very significant risk to the public of serious harm caused by your committing further offences of violence. "Because you had threatened his younger brother, Rob Knox was among those who tried to disarm you. He paid for his bravery with his life. "The truth is that you simply could not care less whether you killed him or not. When you learned that you had killed Rob your only response was to say 'Yeah, sweet.'" Days before the attack, the actor had finished filming on "Harry Potter And The Half-Blood Prince," due for international release in July, in which he played the role of Marcus Belby. He was set to reprise the part in future "Harry Potter" films. Knox's father Colin told mourners at his funeral, including co-star Rupert Grint, that his son had been "living the dream," PA said. The Knox family left the court without commenting, but earlier Rob's mother Sally said of Bishop: "Once he's got his sentence and he's gone, I will not waste my time thinking about him. "I just think maybe somebody like him may have some kind of disturbed mind, which may not be due to the life he's had, it just may be something in him." Knife crime in Britain is a political hot topic due to a spate of recent killings of mainly young people in major cities. UK Prime Minister Gordon Brown has urged tougher sentences for those caught carrying knives. He told the Daily Telegraph last month: "By carrying a knife you are not only endangering the lives of others, but you are more likely to be killed, or end up in jail. "We need to change the way young people think about knives, we need families and communities working together ... to get this message across and help stamp out knife crime and get weapons off our streets."
highlights: The killer of "Harry Potter" actor jailed for life, must serve at least 20 years . Karl Bishop, 22, attacked Rob Knox with 2 knives in southeast London last May . Knife crime in Britain is political hot topic due to spate of recent killings .
id: 596b16e646b968cfac900db008319db7dc8f7782
chatgpt: In a case that has gripped both the entertainment industry and the wider public, the killer of "Harry Potter" actor Rob Knox has been jailed for life. Karl Bishop, 22, was sentenced to a minimum of 20 years for the savage attack, which took place in southeast London last May. Knox, who played Marcus Belby in the blockbuster film series, was just 18 years old when he was fatally stabbed by Bishop. The young actor had been defending his younger brother Jamie from Bishop, who was armed with two knives at the time of the attack. The case has shone a spotlight on the problem of knife crime in Britain and has become a political hot topic. Over the past few months, there have been a spate of high-profile stabbings, prompting calls for action from politicians, community leaders and law enforcement agencies. Speaking after the sentencing, Detective Inspector Mike Banham of the Homicide and Major Crime Command said: "This was a brutal and senseless killing which has had a devastating impact on Rob's family and friends. Karl Bishop showed no remorse for his actions and it is therefore right that he has been sentenced to life." Banham went on to emphasise the importance of tackling knife crime in the UK. "Knife crime is a serious problem that affects communities across the country," he said. "We must continue to work together to tackle this issue and bring those responsible for violent crimes to justice." Rob Knox's mother, Sally, has campaigned tirelessly to raise awareness of knife crime in the wake of her son's death. Speaking outside the court, she said: "Justice has been done today, but no amount of time in prison will bring my son back. Rob was a talented young man with a bright future ahead of him. He was loved by so many people and he will be missed every day." The case has also highlighted the vulnerability of young people to violent crime. Knox was just one of many young people to lose their lives in the UK in recent years as a result of knife violence. The government has come under pressure to take stronger action to address the issue, with many calling for tougher sentences for those found guilty of knife crime. In recent weeks, the issue has been further fuelled by the stabbing of a number of high-profile individuals, including Labour MP Rosie Cooper and journalist Mariella Frostrup. The attacks have prompted widespread concern and have again called into question the effectiveness of current legislation in tackling this growing problem. In addition to the legal and societal implications of the case, the death of Rob Knox has had a profound personal impact on those who knew him. Speaking to reporters, "Harry Potter" star Daniel Radcliffe paid tribute to his late co-star. "Rob was a fantastic guy, incredibly talented and full of life," he said. "His death was a terrible loss, not just for his family and friends, but for the whole entertainment industry." As the UK continues to grapple with the issue of knife crime, the sentencing of Karl Bishop for the murder of Rob Knox is a stark reminder of the devastating consequences of such acts of violence. It serves as a call to action for those in positions of power to take decisive measures to address this growing problem and prevent further needless tragedies from occurring.