article: A woman claiming to be a teacher was arrested after becoming drunk and slapping the backsides of cabin crew on an easyJet flight. The 23-year-old woman and her partner were said to have become abusive while on the delayed flight from Faro, Portugal, to Southend on Saturday. According to other passengers the woman repeatedly said she was a school teacher while slapping the backsides of cabin crew as they passed, swearing loudly and abusing staff. A woman claiming to be a teacher was arrested after becoming drunk and slapping the backsides of cabin crew on an easyJet flight . The pair were arrested for endangering the lives of fellow passengers after they were removed from the plane, which had been delayed for seven hours by technical problems. The drunk woman from Harwich and a 42-year-old man from Redbridge, East London, were hauled off the plane as it touched down at Southend Airport at 7.30pm on Saturday and were later given police cautions. A fellow passenger, who asked not to be named, said: 'Not only did we have to suffer a seven hour delay due to technical difficulties, but we had to endure two drunk passengers, who were loud, using abusive language and causing a disturbance to other passengers. 'The woman kept repeating that she was a school teacher, which was quite unbelievable at the language she was using in front of my primary school age children. 'After numerous attempts by the cabin crew to quieten them down, they continued shouting, annoying passengers, slapping the cabin crew on their backsides as they passed the cabin.' The 23-year-old woman and her partner were said to have become abusive while on the delayed flight from Faro, Portugal to Southend (pictured) on Saturday . The passenger added: 'Many people on board had to complete witness statements. We sat on the runway at Southend and police boarded the plane and arrested the pair.' A police spokeswoman said: 'Two people were arrested after landing at Southend Airport at 7.30pm on, January 3. 'A 23-year-old woman from Harwich and a 42-year-old man from Redbridge were arrested on suspicion of endangering an aircraft. 'They later received cautions for using threatening or abusive words towards a member of the crew.' A spokesperson for easyJet said: 'easyJet can confirm that flight EZY7362 flying from Faro to Southend was met by the police on arrival due to the disruptive behaviour of a passenger on board. The flight was previously delayed leaving Faro due to a technical fault with the aircraft. 'The safety and wellbeing of customers and crew is always our highest priority. We would like to apologise to customers for any inconvenience caused by the delay and disruptive passenger. 'easyJet does not tolerate any abusive or threatening behaviour on board and on the rare occasion an incident occurs, crew are trained to deal with the situation.'
highlights: Couple reportedly slapped the backsides of cabin crew as they passed . Said to have sworn loudly, abused staff and ignored requests to calm down . Passengers on the flight from Faro to Southend made witness statements . Unnamed 23-year-old woman repeatedly said she was a school teacher . The couple were later given police cautions after the plane touched down . Do you know this woman? Call a MailOnline reporter on 0203 615 1783 . Do you know this woman? Call a MailOnline reporter on 0203 615 1783 .
id: 223a81d11c411c5bc6d87c513ba53c0ad8f89224
chatgpt: A couple has been given police cautions after causing disruption on a flight from Faro to Southend. Witnesses reported that the couple repeatedly slapped the backsides of cabin crew as they passed by and swore loudly, abusing staff who tried to calm them down. Passengers on the flight submitted witness statements to police, detailing the chaos caused by the pair. One unidentified 23-year-old woman who was on the flight reportedly claimed to be a school teacher. It is unclear if the woman was a part of the couple causing the disturbance, or if she was simply a witness to the ordeal. The MailOnline is encouraging anyone who knows the identity of the woman to contact their newsroom. The couple's behavior caused a great deal of distress to passengers and crew members alike. Despite requests to calm down, the couple continued to create chaos on the flight. "It was such a shame that our flight had been ruined by a couple who clearly had no respect for the airline or their fellow passengers," said one passenger who wished to remain anonymous. Thankfully, the situation was brought under control once the plane landed in Southend. Police were waiting on the runway to take the couple into custody. After questioning the couple, they were given police cautions for their disruptive behavior. This kind of behavior is unacceptable and will not be tolerated by airlines or authorities. It is important for passengers to respect the crew and fellow travelers on board a flight. Disruptive behavior like this not only delays and disrupts travel plans but can also be dangerous in certain situations. Passengers who act in a disruptive manner such as the couple on this flight not only face police action but could also be barred from flying in the future. It's important to remember that flying is a privilege and not a right. Passengers must respect airline crew, fellow travelers, and follow all instructions from flight attendants. The identity of the couple responsible for the disturbance is currently unknown. However, it has been reported that they were given police cautions once the plane touched down. The MailOnline is asking anyone who may have information about the incident or the identity of the woman claiming to be a school teacher to contact their newsroom. All travelers should be able to enjoy a safe and stress-free flight. Passengers must adhere to air travel regulations, listen to instruction from airline crew, and ensure that their behavior does not disrupt the travel plans of others. Disruptive behavior will not be taken lightly, and incidents such as the one on this flight from Faro to Southend will not be tolerated.