article: By . Gerri Peev . PUBLISHED: . 20:50 EST, 13 May 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 01:32 EST, 14 May 2013 . Norman Lamb says the system is becoming dysfunctional . An ageing population has pushed the NHS and social care system to the brink of collapse, the health minister Norman Lamb has warned. Extra pressure piled onto A&E departments and other parts of the NHS was making the system ‘dysfunctional’. More action had to be taken to get elderly people out of hospitals to recover at home, said Mr Lamb who is in charge of care services. Basic adaptations are not being carried out on elderly people’s homes, stopping them from leaving hospital. A failure to organise home help was also impeding their rehabilitation in the community. Ministers will today unveil plans to improve co-ordination between NHS services and councils to make it easier for the elderly to leave hospital. Mr Lamb said the ageing population and the strain on the NHS was ‘the challenge of the 21st century’ He told The Daily Telegraph: ‘A&E units are under pressure, ambulances are carrying more patients than they should, signiﬁcant numbers of people are in hospital who should be cared for elsewhere. ‘The system is becoming dysfunctional and we need to do something about it.’ A review into the funding system has been announced and Mr Lamb said: ‘The hospital gets paid for a patient arriving in hospital but there is no incentive for them to leave.’ Ministers are to demand better co-ordination between the NHS and social services . Ministers want to overhaul the payments to reward improvements in patients’ conditions. Mr Lamb said: ‘The system will collapse in the long term if we do not take decisive action now.’ The system was ‘horribly fragmented’ leading to ‘bad care — distress, crises occurring that could be avoided, massive disruption to people’s lives. If we carry on as we are the system will collapse’. Ministers are to demand better co-ordination between the NHS and social services. One idea is for elderly patients to be assigned their own NHS worker to oversee their transition from hospital to home.
highlights: Adaptions needed for elderly people's homes so they can leave hospital . Ministers to demand better co-ordination between NHS and social services .
id: 5de36f1940c23897c2c76d346f07a0fb06351a4f
chatgpt: Ministers are calling for better coordination between the NHS and social services to ensure elderly patients can leave hospital and return to homes that are adapted to meet their needs. It's no secret that many elderly patients struggle to return home after a stay in hospital, which can be attributed to the fact that their homes are not properly equipped to cater to their specific needs. According to statistics, nearly one in every five emergency hospital admissions is for a person over the age of 64. Often, these patients require adaptations for their homes, such as the installation of a stairlift, a ramp, or even a wet room. However, due to a lack of coordination between the NHS and social services, elderly patients are often unable to move back into their homes and are instead forced to remain in long-term care facilities. The government is now taking a pro-active approach to tackle this problem. Ministers are calling for better coordination between the two sectors to ensure that elderly patients can leave hospital and return to homes that are adapted to meet their specific needs. The hope is that by enabling elderly patients to return home more quickly, they will be able to maintain their independence for longer and reduce the burden placed on the NHS. The proposed move is part of a wider initiative to tackle the challenges of an aging population, and to support the NHS in dealing with the increasingly complex needs of elderly patients. The government is aware that there needs to be a wider range of services aimed at providing greater care and support for elderly patients. Furthermore, providing adaptations is not just useful for elderly patients. It is useful for patients with long-term health problems who may require their homes to be adapted for their condition. For instance, patients with mobility issues may require stair lifts, hand rails and other adaptations, to make their homes safer for them. The new initiative will require increased funding for both the NHS and social services. There will also be a need for a more robust framework to provide greater accountability and oversight of the installation of the adaptations required. By coordinating the work of both sectors, it is hoped that elderly patients will be better supported as they transition from hospital to home. In conclusion, providing adaptations for elderly patients is a vital component of ensuring their independence, and enabling them to return from hospital to homes that are better suited to their needs. With the government now taking a more proactive approach to this issue, we can hopefully expect to see more responsive and attentive care for our elderly population.