article: Jose Mourinho believes Fernando Torres needed a 'change of scenery' from Chelsea, but the Portuguese would have preferred if the Spain striker had moved to Inter Milan rather than AC Milan. Torres agreed a two-year loan move to Milan - and not Mourinho's former team Inter - after a challenging three-and-a-half-years at Stamford Bridge following his £50million arrival from Liverpool in January 2011. 'I'm an Interista and I would have preferred if he'd gone to Inter,' Chelsea boss Mourinho told reporters at a UEFA coaching seminar in Nyon. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Fernando Torres: I left Chelsea to feel important again . New home: Fernando Torres in training with AC Milan at Milanello on Wednesday . Getting shirty: The Spaniard has joined Milan on a two-year loan deal from Chelsea . 'However, I hope that he does equally well at Milan. What I can say about Fernando is that as a person and a professional, there is nothing to doubt about him. 'He's a fantastic boy and a great professional. However, he needed a change of scenery.' Torres has officially begun life as an Milan player, pictured in his first training session for the Italian giants. The Spanish striker, who made 110 league appearances for Chelsea after joining the west London club, fell out of favour with Mourinho and was shipped out on loan last week for the remaining two years of his contract. Run out of puff: Torres, whose nickname is El Nino, had a poor Chelsea career after his brilliance at Livepool . Upon joining Milan last Friday, Torres said of the move: 'I feel good, mentally strong. When everything goes well, you have more will power. I'm happy to train.' 'I can't wait to see the red and black supporters, to score for them and to win many titles.' Torres will wear the number nine shirt for his new club, something the now-Milan man knows has a lot of history. 'It's an honour to wear the number nine jersey. (It) has been worn by some of Milan's great champions, I hope to be up there with them.'
highlights: Fernando Torres has left Chelsea for AC Milan on a two-year loan . Jose Mourinho let Torres leave Stamford Bridge after three-and-a-half years . Mourinho is a former Inter Milan manager and admitted he would rather have let Torres join his former club .
id: 0aff789ba23ec81a5763f7107b800845e8efb587
chatgpt: AC Milan have secured the loan signing of Fernando Torres from Chelsea for the next two years. The Spanish striker has been given an opportunity to resurrect his career at the San Siro after a disappointing spell with the Blues.  Torres joined Chelsea in January 2011 for a then-British record transfer fee of £50 million. However, his time at Stamford Bridge has been marred by inconsistency and a lack of goals. The 30-year-old only managed 20 goals in 110 appearances for the club.  During his three-and-a-half years at Chelsea, Torres worked under three different managers. The arrival of Jose Mourinho in 2013 seemed to signal his departure from the club. The Portuguese manager has openly criticised Torres in the past and was happy to let him leave.  In fact, Mourinho reportedly preferred that Torres join his former club, Inter Milan, instead of AC Milan. The Special One managed Inter from 2008-2010 and won the UEFA Champions League with them in 2010.  Torres will now look to prove his worth at AC Milan, a club with a rich history and tradition. The Rossoneri have struggled in recent years and are hoping that the addition of Torres can help them return to their glory days.  Milan have lacked a consistent goal scorer in recent years, and Torres will fill that void. He still has a lot to offer and will prove to be a valuable asset to the Italian giants.  Torres has experience playing in the Serie A, having previously played for AC Milan’s city rivals, Atletico Madrid. He scored 91 goals in 244 appearances for the Spanish club before moving to Liverpool in 2007.  There is no doubt that Torres is a talented player, but he has struggled to find his form in recent years. Milan will be hoping that a change of scenery and a new challenge will help him rediscover his scoring touch.  The loan move is a win-win situation for both clubs. AC Milan get a proven goal scorer on loan, while Chelsea can save on Torres’ wages and free up space for new signings.  Only time will tell if Torres can recapture his best form at AC Milan. However, one thing is for sure, he will be determined to prove his critics wrong and show that he is still a top-class striker.