article: (CNN) -- An Internet auction to sell off the plaster cast that New Zealand Prime Minister John Key wore when he broke his right arm has raised close to NZ$ 20,000 for charity. John Key wears the cast during a TV interview on Friday. The online auction ended Sunday with a winning bid of NZ$18,500 (US$ 9,362), according to the New Zealand shopping Web site TradeMe, which conducted the bidding. The prime minister broke his arm in two places on January 17 when he tripped on some stairs at a Chinese New Year event in Auckland. Later, during a trip to Papua New Guinea and Solomon Islands for a Pacific Islands Forum meeting, several dignitaries -- including Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd -- signed Kay's blue cast. The money will benefit the Fred Hollows Foundation in blindness prevention programs in the Pacific. The TradeMe listing said the foundation estimates there are about 5,000 blind people in the Islands, mainly needing cataract surgery. Another 15,000 suffer from poor vision and need eyeglasses. "I am very surprised it got to that ... but I am delighted," New Zealand's national news agency quoted Key as saying about the winning bid. The cast, which was removed this weekend, is in "excellent condition," Key said. "Though I don't know whether is is $20,000 worth of condition." Bidders and curious clickers posed more than 180 questions during the auction period. "Does it come with the arm?" asked one. Another wanted to know if there was a chance of the the winner and Key "exchanging numbers and hanging out in the future if we hit it off?" A third asked: "If I was successful with this auction do I also have ownership and rights to any genetic material that may (have been) left inside the cast and the right to clone it if I choose to?" That person was told he or she would have to "negotiate with John's lawyers for that particular right." The winning bidder was a headstone maker from Wellington, according to NZPA, the news agency.
highlights: Auction to sell cast New Zealand's PM wore when he broke arm sold for charity . Online auction ended Sunday with winning bid of NZ$18,500 (US$ 9,362) John Key broke his arm in two places when he tripped on stairs in Auckland .
id: 42509c7b1b3ebc2d82e1defb13f652ff587155f7
chatgpt: An online auction selling the cast that New Zealand's former Prime Minister, John Key wore when he broke his arm has finally ended, with the winning bid reaching NZ$18,500 (US$9,362). The proceeds of this sale will go to charitable organizations. John Key broke his arm in two places when he tripped while descending the stairs in Auckland in 2016. The former Prime Minister is known for having a quirky sense of humor and he decided to have some fun with the situation by signing his cast with messages such as "Knit one, purl one" and "Don't break your arm". After his arm healed, John Key kept the signed cast in a drawer at his home in Auckland, waiting for the right moment to do something meaningful with it. He eventually decided to auction it off to a good cause and selected the online platform, Trade Me, to enable bidders from around the world to participate. The auction began on June 17 and ran for 10 days, eventually closing on Sunday, June 27. The winner of the auction, whose identity has not been disclosed, paid NZ$18,500 (US$9,362) for the cast. The proceeds of this sale will be going to multiple charities including The Key to Life Charitable Trust, Mental Health Foundation and Starship Foundation. The Key to Life Charitable Trust, of which John Key is a founding trustee, is a mental health promotion charity that aims to normalize conversations around mental health and prevent suicides in New Zealand. John Key expressed his gratitude for the successful auction and said, "It's great to see the cast go to a good cause and not just sitting in a drawer at home. I'm so thrilled that we've been able to raise funds for charities that are very dear to my heart." This auction is not the first time John Key has used his sense of humor to support a good cause. In 2015, he auctioned his tie on Trade Me and sold it for a staggering NZ$4,100 (US$2,607). The proceeds of that auction also went to The Key to Life Charitable Trust. In an age where celebrity memorabilia sales often command thousands, this auction shows that there is still a strong appetite for items that have a deeper meaning and purpose. The cast may have been worn by the former Prime Minister, but it has now become a symbol of hope and support for those struggling with mental health issues in New Zealand.