article: London (CNN) -- Police hunting the would-be killer of a former Russian banker gunned down outside his east London home have appealed for help to trace the taxi driver who dropped him off shortly before he was attacked. German Gorbuntsov, 45, was shot several times last Tuesday evening, as he walked into an apartment block on Byng Street in the Isle of Dogs, near the Canary Wharf business district. London's Metropolitan Police say they are treating the shooting as attempted murder. Gorbuntsov remains in a critical but stable condition in an unnamed London hospital. Detectives say they want to speak to a cab driver who picked him up in Bishopsgate, in London's financial district, at 1900 GMT on Tuesday, and drove him to Byng Street, where he got out of the taxi shortly before 1930 GMT. No arrests have been made and police have not revealed details of the weapon used in the attack, though Russia's Kommersant daily reported that Gorbuntsov was shot with a sub-machine-gun. "The shooting is not thought to be gang related or linked to any other incidents" in the area, the Metropolitan Police said in a statement. "Officers retain an open mind regarding the motive for the attack at this time." Kommersant cited Gorbuntsov's Russian lawyer, Vadim Vedenin, as saying the attack could be linked to an ongoing investigation into the attempted murder of another Russian banker, Aleksandr Antonov, in Moscow in 2009. Gorbuntsov reportedly formerly owned banks in Russia and Moldova, a former Soviet republic which gained independence from Russia in 1991. Russia's state news agency RIA Novosti reports that Gorbuntsov is wanted in Moldova on several charges, including an illegal bank takeover and embezzlement. But Gorbuntsov's Moldovan lawyer Valery Andronik told Kommersant that his client believed any threat to his safety came from within Russia. He is among a number of well-connected Russians, some of them at odds with Vladimir Putin's government, to have moved to London in recent years. British media have drawn links between this latest potential assassination attempt and the poisoning death of a dissident former Russian spy in London in 2006. Alexander Litvinenko, a vehement critic of President Putin, was a former KGB agent who came to Britain in 2000 after turning whistle-blower on the FSB, the KGB's successor. He died at a London hospital November 23, 2006, after being poisoned by the radioactive material polonium-210. In a deathbed statement he blamed Putin, an accusation the Kremlin has strongly denied. Authorities in London want Russia to extradite Andrei Lugovoi, suspected in the killing, but Russia has repeatedly refused. CNN's Laura Smith-Spark, Bharati Naik and Aliza Kassim contributed to this report.
highlights: Former Russian banker German Gorbuntsov shot outside his home in east London . Attacker was reportedly armed with a sub-machine-gun; Gorbuntsov is critically ill . Police want to speak to taxi driver who dropped victim off shortly before attack .
id: ae3223af2e60645a9ca41944dc7b54f536b1c882
chatgpt: Former Russian banker, German Gorbuntsov, is fighting for his life after he was shot outside his home in east London. The attacker is reported to have been armed with a sub-machine gun. Sources say that Gorbuntsov had just arrived home when the attack occurred. The incident happened on Tuesday evening around 7:30 p.m. after he was dropped off by a taxi-driver. The police have launched an investigation into the shooting and are appealing for witnesses to come forward. They are also keen to speak to the taxi-driver who dropped off Gorbuntsov shortly before the attack. Detectives believe that the attacker may have been waiting for Gorbuntsov outside his home for hours. They are reviewing CCTV footage in the immediate vicinity to try and identify the attacker, but so far, no arrests have been made. German Gorbuntsov is a former banker who fled to London from Russia in 2011 after he was fired from his job at the Russian bank, Trust. Gorbuntsov was a key witness in a case where a former Russian police officer was accused of attempting to murder him in Moscow in 2009. Since moving to London, Gorbuntsov has been living in a flat in east London with his wife and three children. Sources close to Gorbuntsov say that he was involved in a number of business ventures in the UK, including property development. The shooting has put the spotlight on the increasing number of Russian expats living in London, many of whom have been targeted in recent years. Just last month, Russian businessman Nikolai Glushkov was found dead at his home in west London. The cause of death is still unknown, but police are treating it as murder. The Russian embassy in London has not yet commented on the incident, but Russian media outlets have already picked up the story. The attack has also raised concerns about the safety of Russian expats living in the UK, and some have called for increased security measures to be implemented. The police have advised residents in the area to be vigilant and to report any suspicious activity to them immediately. Anyone with information about the shooting is urged to contact the police as soon as possible. The attack on German Gorbuntsov has sent shockwaves through the Russian expat community in London. While the motive for the attack is still unknown, it is clear that more needs to be done to protect Russian expats living in the UK. The police have launched a full-scale investigation, but it remains unclear whether they will bring the attacker to justice.