article: (CNN) -- Formula One's new Team U.S. F1 will have the financial backing of YouTube co-founder Chad Hurley -- and the video sharing Web site's chief executive expects to make a big impact in motorsport. Chad Hurley is hoping his start-up experience can help the US F1 team become a major player. The American, who along with co-founders Steve Chen and Jawed Karim sold YouTube to internet giant Google for $1.65 billion in 2006, has faith in the team's prospects for the 2010 season. It is fronted by engineer Ken Anderson, formerly involved with NASCAR team Haas CNC Racing, and Peter Windsor, a journalist who has worked with F1's Ferrari and Williams. "I believe in Ken and Peter and the team that they have put together, and I believe that we have a chance to hopefully start from a clean slate and try to build a team in a different way," Hurley told Web site Autosport.com. Hurley started YouTube from scratch, and sees parallels with his involvement with US F1. "The business aspect of what attracted me to US F1 is just that, that it is a start-up," he said. "And it's a very similar situation to one that would be in Silicon Valley. "It's a small team of talented, smart individuals trying to break the mould, trying to accomplish something that others think is impossible." However, Hurley does not expect instant success for the new franchise, which will be the only F1 outfit based outside of Europe and comes into the sport in difficult economic times when sponsors are dropping out. "Obviously we want to be competitive," he told Autosport.com. "I know there is going to be a lot of competition -- it's going to take quite a few years to ramp up this team and get the cars into a position where we are competing for the world championship, but ultimately that's our goal. "We're not necessarily going to get involved and be satisfied with just getting a car onto the track. Our aspirations and goals go much farther than that." While major manufacturers have been reviewing their participation in motorsport's premium category -- Honda withdrew at the end of last year and BMW will end its association with Sauber at the end of this season -- Hurley is confident that he can find other investors to back the American team. "I hope so, and I hope it goes beyond Silicon Valley," he said. "I am definitely going to be involved in helping the team with sponsors, helping the team with business relationships, and helping the team with integrating technology -- ways that they can leverage and benefit from social media and the Internet broadly. "So in many ways, I hope to add benefit to the team and what they are trying to accomplish."
highlights: Formula One's new Team U.S. F1 backed by YouTube co-founder Chad Hurley . Hurley primary investor in American outfit ahead of its debut season in 2010 . He sold video sharing Web site to Google in 2006 but is still its chief executive . Hurley hopes new American team will make a big impact in elite motorsport .
id: 8f2c08712c2e528c97b9a6b21beb61a528c41d02
chatgpt: Formula One racing is about to get a serious jolt of American energy. With the backing of YouTube co-founder Chad Hurley, Team U.S. F1 is revving up for its debut in the 2010 season. Hurley is the primary investor in this new American outfit, which he hopes will make a big impact in the elite world of motorsport. Hurley is certainly no stranger to success. After co-founding the video-sharing website YouTube in 2005, he sold the company to Google in 2006 for a whopping $1.65 billion. Despite this massive windfall, Hurley remained CEO of the company until 2013, and has continued to be a driving force behind the video platform's continued growth and success. Now, with Team U.S. F1, Hurley is turning his attention to the world of fast cars and high-stakes racing. As one of the sport's newest teams, U.S. F1 will be stepping up to the plate against some of the biggest names in racing, including Ferrari, Mercedes, and Red Bull. But Hurley is undaunted by the challenge. In an interview with The Guardian, he spoke about his hopes for the team's future. "The goal is to be successful, to be competitive and to win," he said. "We want to be a force to be reckoned with on the grid." To achieve this ambitious goal, Hurley is assembling a team of seasoned professionals to lead U.S. F1 to the top. One of the key players is Ken Anderson, the team's technical director. Anderson has a long and successful history in motorsport, having worked with teams like McLaren and Ganassi Racing. He's joined by team manager Peter Windsor, a former journalist who has covered the sport for decades and who has stated his intention to "bring back some of the 'romance' of Formula One." Together, Hurley, Anderson and Windsor are leading the charge for U.S. F1, and the team is already making waves in the racing world. In its first season, U.S. F1 will be fielding two cars, with American driver Jonathan Summerton and Venezuela's Jose Maria Lopez taking the wheel. Both drivers bring a wealth of experience to the team, having competed in a variety of international racing circuits. So what will it take for U.S. F1 to succeed? According to Hurley, it all comes down to a combination of talent, innovation, and hard work. "In Formula One, you have to be smart and innovative to win," he said. "You need to understand the technology and how to optimize it. It's a combination of a lot of things, and it's going to be a huge challenge." But Hurley is up for that challenge, and he's betting big on U.S. F1's success. With his savvy business acumen and his passion for speed and competition, he's poised to make a major impact on the world of motorsport. And who knows? Maybe one day we'll see U.S. F1 taking home the top prize at the Monaco Grand Prix, or sweeping the podium at the Indianapolis 500. Only time – and some very fast cars – will tell.