article: A Gay policeman is suing Scotland Yard claiming he was taunted for ‘having sex with Michael Barrymore’. PC Dan Lichters said he was embarrassed when fellow officers asked if he had relationships with ‘any other celebrities’. The constable said he became friends with the TV entertainer in 2001 following his arrest after a man’s body was found in his swimming pool. Gay policeman Dan Lichters is suing Scotland Yard for discrimination, harassment and victimisation and claims he was taunted for ‘having sex with entertainer Michael Barrymore’ The 34-year-old, a serving policeman at Barkingside Police Station in East London who was commended for his bravery during the London riots, claims he was repeatedly victimised for his sexual orientation. PC Lichters is suing the Met over claims of discrimination, harassment and victimisation. He told an employment tribunal he met Barrymore when he was out with friends and, following the entertainer’s arrest, he had offered him emotional support. He had informed his bosses about his friendship and claims rumours about him being involved in the death of Stuart Lubbock at Barrymore’s home were spread. PC Lichters, who joined the Met in 1999, told the tribunal in London: ‘Because of my sexual orientation, for years I have been harassed and discriminated against by officers and management on many occasions. PC Lichters became friends with Michael Barrymore, above, in 2001 following his arrest after a man’s body was found in his swimming pool . ‘In one incident, two PCs questioned me about Barrymore and asked me if I had sh***ed any other celebrities. I was very embarrassed and affected by the comment.’ In 2008, after he joined the dog unit, he said he suffered more abuse after his four-month-old police puppy Oscar was attacked during a walk by a pit bull. His version of how the dog received its injuries was questioned by senior officers. They began an investigation, which PC Lichters described as ‘disproportionate’. He said fellow officers spread ‘salacious rumours’ that he had invented the dog attack. He told the tribunal: ‘There were rumours, including I had been gay cruising on Hampstead Heath with my dog and, due to me neglecting it while having gay sex, it had been injured.’ The officer claimed he was also told: ‘We don’t want queers in the dog section.’ Louise Chudleigh, representing the Metropolitan Police, said the investigation had been necessary as the ‘puppy incident’ called into question his honesty and integrity. She told PC Lichters: ‘Anything that calls into question the integrity of a serving police officer should be looked into thoroughly.’ She put it to him that he had been treated the same as any other officer. The Met denies acting improperly, and the tribunal continues.
highlights: Dan Lichters met the star after his 2001 after over a body in his pool . The Barkingside officer had offered the celebrity emotional support . He said he had been harassed and discriminated against by other officers . And rumours spread that he had been gay cruising in Hampstead Heath .
id: ab22fd05155e398f6228e34df8dddf5ed9ff52de
chatgpt: Dan Lichters, a former police officer from Barkingside, recently revealed that he had met a famous celebrity back in 2001. Lichters said that he had unexpectedly stumbled upon the star after being called to investigate a body found in the celebrity's pool. However, this chance encounter turned out to be an emotional one, as the celebrity had confided in Lichters about his experiences of harassment and discrimination by other police officers. Lichters, who is now retired but worked as a police officer for nearly three decades, recounted his story in an interview with a leading UK newspaper. He said that he had initially been taken aback when he met the celebrity, as he was not used to dealing with high-profile individuals in his line of work. However, he quickly became aware of the emotional turmoil that the celebrity was going through. According to Lichters, the celebrity had told him about the bullying and discrimination that he experienced at the hands of other police officers. He claimed that he had been subjected to homophobic slurs and rumours, with some officers even spreading falsehoods about him engaging in "gay cruising" at Hampstead Heath. The celebrity had been left feeling isolated and vulnerable, but had found comfort in Lichters' presence. Reflecting on the unexpected encounter, Lichters said that he was glad to be able to provide emotional support to someone in need. He stated that his role as a police officer was not just about enforcing laws and keeping the peace, but also about helping people through difficult times. Lichters' kindness and empathy towards the celebrity caught the attention of the press, with some hailing him as a hero for his actions. While Lichters did not name the celebrity in question, rumours have circulated online about their identity. Given the timeline provided by Lichters, some have speculated that it may have been a well-known singer who was embroiled in a scandal around that time. However, there is no concrete evidence to support these claims, and Lichters has chosen to keep the celebrity's identity under wraps. In any case, Lichters' story highlights the importance of empathy and emotional support in difficult times. It shows that even police officers, who are often perceived as tough and unfeeling, have the ability to connect with people on a deeper level. As for the celebrity in question, it is unclear if they ever received justice for the discrimination that they faced. However, Lichters' willingness to listen and provide comfort may have been a small solace in an otherwise difficult time.