article: By . Anucyia Victor for MailOnline . This is the stunning private island up for grabs where you can have two beaches and your very own church. Trinity Island in the Gulf of Evia, near Greece, boasts its own bar, a playground, 350 olive trees, fruit trees and even a 17th-century watchtower. The 13-acre island features a main four-bedroom property along with a two-bedroom staff house and beach house, suitable for two guests. Scroll down for video . Private island: Trinity Island has gone on the market for £12m. The beautiful private island has two beaches . Living on a prayer: The spectacular island, on the market for £12m, even comes with its very own church . Stylish lifestyle: There is a four-bedroom property and a two-bedroom staff house on the island's 13 acres . It also has a large barbecue area that seats 30 visitors along with a boat house that fits up to three small speed boats. The incredible island has now been put on the market for a whopping £12m by Riginos Realty. A spokesperson for the property said: 'Imagine this oasis as your own Mediterranean retreat. 'This hideaway is the ultimate idyllic location for off-site vacations, where one is king of one's own island. King of the island: Trinity Island in the Gulf of Evia, near Greece boasts its own own watchtower . Eco-friendly paradise comes with 350  olive trees, left, and, right, the island's boathouse fits three speedboats . And relax! The beach house comes with a large barbecue area can  host up to 30 guests . 'An eco-friendly untouched paradise with old-growth olive groves, pistachio trees and the great diversity of Mediterranean shrubs and flowers which add character and complete privacy, this island is one of the most romantic and exclusive holiday spots. 'With its endless source of beauty and tranquility, from its inspiring sunrises to its romantic sunsets, it is the ideal location for a peaceful family vacation. 'The waters around the island are ideal for swimming, canoeing, water skiing, paragliding, snorkelling, scuba diving, and fishing of all sorts.' Trinity Island is located approximately one-and-a-half hours away from Athens and can be accessed by boat or helicopter. Mediterranean retreat: Swim, canoe,  paraglide, waterski, scuba dive or snorkel in the waters around the island . The property is billed as the ultimate idyllic location for romantic holidays or a peaceful break with the family . Video courtesy of Howcast .
highlights: Trinity Island has a four-bedroom property, a staff house and a playground . The untouched paradise comes with 350 olive trees, a bar and a boathouse . Spectacular Mediterranean retreat also boasts two beaches .
id: 5c4fe1e9d77f27db9145ec8f24d8b506e9116475
chatgpt: Trinity Island, a beautiful and secluded location in the heart of the Mediterranean, is being offered for sale with a property that boasts four bedrooms, a staff house, and a playground. The property is surrounded by 350 ancient olive trees making it a beautiful and untouched paradise.  The Mediterranean retreat is one that emphasizes luxury and relaxation. The four-bedroom property offers stunning views of the crystal-clear sea, with the beautiful shoreline within an arm's reach. The outdoor space is just as impressive, with a playground and two private beaches, making it the perfect place to unwind or to entertain family and friends.  Apart from the beautiful surroundings and the fully furnished property itself, Trinity Island offers other unique features that make it a dream destination. The island comes with a bar allowing occupants to enjoy cocktails and drinks in the evening while enjoying Mediterranean views. Moreover, the island has a boathouse making it easy for occupants to take advantage of the beautiful water and explore the surroundings.  For nature lovers who appreciate a good stroll, the island has numerous hiking trails that offer incredible views of the untouched forest, while active residents can enjoy water activities which include swimming, paddleboarding, kayaking, and snorkeling among others.  Trinity Island is the perfect place for those who crave a combination of luxury, privacy and a serene natural environment. The island has been designed specifically to cater to those who seek an oasis far away from the hustle and bustle of everyday life. Whether using the property to entertain guests or to serve as a place to escape from their daily routine, Trinity Island is sure to deliver on its promise of tranquility, unmatched luxury and relaxation.  The island is a rare offering that boasts a plethora of unique features, making it perfect for those looking for an escape conjoined with adventure, relaxation and luxury. The property is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to own an untouched paradise that embraces Mediterranean appeal. Interested buyers are encouraged to act quickly as there is no doubt that Trinity Island’s exceptional charm and unique features will spark a surge in demand.