article: Los Angeles, California (CNN) -- The sisters of a Los Angeles woman found dead in Cancun, Mexico, in April want the U.S. government to explain why her husband has not been arrested a month after Mexican prosecutors requested his extradition. "We are tired of waiting," Jeanne Burgos said Thursday. "It's not fair." She and her sister Carla Burgos staged a rally outside the federal courthouse in downtown Los Angeles on Thursday afternoon to demand an arrest. "We are demanding that the United States authorities just do what they have to do," Burgos said. "We are not asking for anything beyond what their duties are." Reality TV producer Bruce Beresford-Redman is still living free with his children in Los Angeles nearly two months after a Mexican judge ordered his arrest. Mexican officials said June 23 that they had sent their extradition petition to the U.S. Embassy in Mexico City. Neither the U.S. State Department nor the Justice Department in Washington would confirm what has happened with the extradition request. A spokesman for the U.S. attorney in Los Angeles, who would pursue an arrest, said Thursday that nothing has been filed in California. "They are not telling us anything," said Allison Triessl, the Burgos family's lawyer. "We have repeatedly asked. We have made phone calls almost daily, and we have received no information at all." Beresford-Redman was briefly detained after his wife's body was found April 8 in a sewer at Cancun's Moon Palace Resort. His passport was taken by investigators, and he was told not to leave Mexico until the inquiry was concluded. Quintana Roo state Attorney General Francisco Alor said in May that he has a "very concrete" case against the former "Survivor" producer. Beresford-Redman's lawyer, Richard Hirsch, has said he would fight extradition. Beresford-Redman returned home in May, without the knowledge of investigators, to take care of family business and see his two young children, his lawyer said. His parents have temporary legal custody of the children, ages 3 and 5, but they are staying with Beresford-Redman. The initial investigation suggested that Monica Beresford-Redman "died of strangulation, because of the bruising," Mexican regional police spokesman Adrian Cardena said. A source close to the wife has said that she cleaned out the family's bank account and took her two children to Hawaii because she was upset about her husband's extramarital affair. The couple later traveled to Cancun in an effort to repair their marriage, the source said.
highlights: Bruce Beresford-Redman is still free nearly 2 months after murder charge . Mexican officials say U.S. received extradition request a month ago . Burgos sisters demand U.S. officials immediately arrest the reality TV producer . Monica Beresford-Redman was found dead at Cancun resort in April .
id: 0ba6bb386a698a2baf642a56373271c811bb1a47
chatgpt: Bruce Beresford-Redman, a former reality TV producer, has remained free nearly two months after being charged with the murder of his wife, Monica Beresford-Redman. Mexican officials have revealed that they sent an extradition request to the United States over a month ago, and the victim’s sisters are now demanding immediate action be taken to bring him to justice. Monica Beresford-Redman was found dead on April 8th at a luxury resort in Cancun, Mexico. Her husband was initially a suspect in the case but was released due to a lack of evidence. However, he was taken into custody once again on May 31st after the Attorney General’s Office in Mexico issued a warrant for his arrest. Despite this development, Bruce Beresford-Redman has yet to be extradited to Mexico to face the charges against him. Mexican officials have claimed that they sent an extradition request to the United States over a month ago, but it is unclear why he has not been arrested. The sisters of Monica Beresford-Redman have now come forward to demand that U.S. officials take immediate action to apprehend the suspect. In a statement to the press, they expressed their frustration and disbelief at the slow progress of the case, saying “We simply cannot understand why the U.S. has not acted with more urgency in this matter.” The case has garnered widespread media attention due to the high-profile nature of both the victim and the suspect. Bruce Beresford-Redman is a former producer on the popular reality TV show Survivor, and his wife was a successful television executive. The circumstances of Monica Beresford-Redman’s death remain a mystery, but Mexican officials have stated that they believe her husband is responsible. The warrant for his arrest accuses him of intentionally causing her death by strangulation. The delay in Bruce Beresford-Redman’s extradition to Mexico has sparked controversy in both the United States and Mexico. The Mexico-U.S. Extradition Treaty was signed in 1978 and provides for the extradition of individuals accused of crimes in one country to be tried in another. However, the process can be slow and complicated, as evidenced by this case. As the investigation into the death of Monica Beresford-Redman continues, her sisters are demanding that justice be served. They have called on U.S. officials to take action and ensure that their sister’s killer is brought to justice. The case is a tragic reminder of the importance of international cooperation in criminal cases and the need for justice to be served, no matter where the crime occurs.