article: (EW.com) -- Well ... you can't say "Cougar Town's" cast and producers didn't try. The third season of ABC's comedy returned significantly lower in the ratings. In its new (and much tougher) time period, "Cougar Town" delivered 4.8 million viewers and a 1.8 adults 18-49 rating Tuesday night. This is a series low for the show (The CW's "Ringer" also had some particularly bad news, below). It's arguably unfair to compare "Cougar Town" to its own 3.4 premiere last year (from which it's down 47 percent). The show debuted in the fall on Wednesday nights with a lead-in from top-rated "Modern Family." Whereas last night's time slot in a few short months has been haunted by the short-lived "Man Up" (which premiered to a 2.4 rating) and "Work It" (2.0). "Cougar Town's" 1.8 rating is about average for this slot, but that's not great considering the two shows that mainly generated that number were cancelled. It's lead-in, "Last Man Standing," had 7.6 million viewers and a 2.0 rating. The numbers follow the show's cast and creator Bill Lawrence traveling the country and guerrilla marketing the hell out of "Cougar Town" for the past month. Yesterday, Lawrence told us that he figured the show would return lower, but had hopes for the upcoming weeks. "Here's what I really think will happen: I think the show will not premiere as high as people hope," Lawrence predicted to EW. "And what I hope will happen is what always happened on "Scrubs" when they brought it back. The first week, the numbers are always lower than their predecessor....But what would happen then, as people became educated that the show was back on, each week it would be higher. The next week, the gap would be closed." Also it should be noted that Valentine's Day is pretty lousy for shows in general. Overall TV usage was down 7.3 percent last night, according to Nielsen. Meanwhile ABC's "The River" (5.0 million, 1.7) is getting washed out, falling 29 percent its second week. At 10 p.m. "Body of Proof" (6.2 million, 1.2) was soft. No Valentine for Sarah Michelle Gellar: With only a repeat of "Hart of Dixie" for a lead-in, "Ringer" (1.1 million, 0.3) fell a stunning 40 percent from last week to a series low (and down 50 percent from its midseason return two weeks ago). A 0.3 rating is like "Remodeled" and "H8R" territory for The CW. Also Tuesday: CBS won the night with "NCIS" (3.9), "NCIS: LA" (3.2) and "Unforgettable" (2.3) -- all down between 3-7 percent.. Fox was second with "Glee" (2.8) down 15 percent, "New Girl" (3.2) down 9 percent and a steady "Raising Hope" (2.1). NBC was third with "Biggest Loser" (2.0) down 13 percent to a season low and "Parenthood" (1.6). See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly . © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. All rights reserved.
highlights: "Cougar Town" delivered 4.8 million viewers on Tuesday night . The show debuted in the fall on Wednesdays with a lead-in from "Modern Family" Overall TV usage was down 7.3 percent on Valentine's Day, according to Nielsen .
id: 709517fde3fa83e1c3c9bed75c2faa9c9fdce27f
chatgpt: The popular television series "Cougar Town" scored big on Tuesday night, drawing in an impressive 4.8 million viewers. The show, which debuted in the fall on Wednesdays with a lead-in from the highly successful "Modern Family," seems to have found a new home on Tuesday nights. Many fans of "Cougar Town" were disappointed when the show was moved from Wednesdays to Tuesdays this season. However, the move seems to have paid off for the show's producers. Nielsen, the company responsible for tracking television ratings, reported that overall TV usage was down 7.3 percent on Valentine's Day. Despite this, "Cougar Town" managed to capture the attention of millions of viewers and surpass its competition. "Cougar Town" has been praised for its hilarious writing, talented cast, and unique premise. The show follows the life of Jules Cobb, a divorced single mother living in a small Florida town. Jules is trying to navigate the world of dating after being out of the game for quite some time. Along with her friends and family, Jules uses humor and wit to tackle the ups and downs of life. The show's move to Tuesday nights may have been a strategic decision on behalf of the producers. Tuesday night is typically less competitive in terms of television programming, meaning "Cougar Town" may have had an easier time drawing in viewers. With 4.8 million viewers tuning in on Tuesday night, "Cougar Town" has proven that it still has a dedicated fan base. The show has managed to stay relevant and entertaining throughout its six seasons on the air. While some fans were initially hesitant about the show's move from Wednesdays to Tuesdays, it's clear that the change has worked in its favor. The show's writers and cast have continued to deliver quality programming week after week, proving that "Cougar Town" is still one of the funniest shows on television. As TV usage continues to decline in the era of streaming services and social media, shows like "Cougar Town" prove that there is still a place for traditional television programming. With its witty writing and lovable characters, "Cougar Town" has managed to capture the hearts of millions of viewers and remain one of the most popular shows on television. In conclusion, "Cougar Town" delivered a successful episode on Tuesday night, drawing in millions of viewers and surpassing its competition. The show's move to Tuesdays seems to have been a smart decision, as the less competitive night may have allowed for higher ratings. With its talented cast and hilarious writing, "Cougar Town" continues to be a fan favorite and a true testament to the enduring popularity of traditional television programming.