article: By . Jonny Singer . Former Crystal Palace boss Tony Pulis could be in line for a remarkable return to Selhurst Park, with bookmakers Coral dropping his price to just 6/1 to be the next manager. Elsewhere odds on Pulis are as low as 7/2, whereas just yesterday he was listed at around 140/1 by some bookmakers. It is a big task to fill the shoes of a manager who left the club having just been named Premier League Manager of the Season. So who better to replace such a man than...the Premier League Manager of the season. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Keith Millen: It's been a strange few days at Crystal Palace . Return? Bookmakers have slashed the odds on Tony Pulis making a dramatic return to management . Pulis left the club just two days before the start of the Premier League season by mutual consent, with a disagreement over transfer policy causing him to fall out with co-chairman Steve Parish. Former Cardiff City manager Malky Mackay was favourite to take over from Pulis, but Crystal Palace have distanced themselves from the manager after the emergence of allegedly racist and sexist text messages, which also led to the resignation of sporting director Iain Moody. With Moody no longer in charge of transfer policy, and Mackay no longer an option, Pulis has moved up the pecking order to be the next Palace boss. Ruled out: Tim Sherwood (left) ruled himself out of the job while Malky Mackay is no longer being considered . Tim Sherwood has also ruled himself out of the running for the job, leaving the way open for Pulis to return. However, the Welshman is still not the outright favourite for the job. Caretaker manager Keith Millen and former West Brom boss Steve Clarke are both at 5/1 with Coral, while Neil Lennon is favourite at 2/1. Favourites: Cartaker manager Keith Millen (left) and Neil Lennon are currently preferred to Pulis .
highlights: Coral price Welshman at 6/1 to get his old job back . Malky Mackay was favourite but no longer an option for Palace . Pulis left before the season started after transfer targets dispute .
id: b25c33fae47b592d85b323c5a7bde2fb7054f262
chatgpt: Former Crystal Palace manager Tony Pulis left the club just days before the start of the season over a dispute about transfer targets. Since then, a number of names have been linked to the role, including former Cardiff City boss Malky Mackay. However, it now appears that another Welshman may be set to take over at Selhurst Park.  Bookmakers have priced up the odds of Ian Holloway returning to his former club, with Coral offering odds of 6/1. Holloway was previously in charge of Palace between 2012 and 2013, before leaving the club to take over at Millwall.  It was thought that Mackay was the frontrunner for the job, but last week he withdrew his application after controversy over allegedly racist, sexist and homophobic text messages sent during his time at Cardiff City.  Despite the setback, Mackay remains a popular figure among Palace fans, many of whom were hoping he would return to the club. However, with the Welshman now out of the picture, attention has turned to other potential candidates.  Holloway's odds have surged in recent days, with many Palace supporters keen to see a familiar face back in charge at the club. The former Blackpool manager has been out of work since leaving Grimsby Town in December 2020, and may be open to a return to management at Palace.  However, he may face competition from other candidates, including Frank Lampard and Eddie Howe. Lampard has been out of work since being sacked by Chelsea in January 2021, while Howe left Bournemouth last year.  Whoever takes over from Roy Hodgson – who left Palace at the end of last season – will face a tough challenge in keeping the club in the Premier League. They finished 14th last season, but with a number of key players leaving the club, including Gary Cahill and Andros Townsend, the new manager will need to rebuild the squad in order to avoid a relegation battle.  For now, Palace fans will be keeping a close eye on developments as the club looks to appoint a new manager ahead of the start of the new season.