article: WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Sailors aboard a U.S. ocean surveillance ship reacted with a mix of bemusement and profanity to what they said was harassment by Chinese ships earlier this month, according to video released Friday by the Pentagon. The Navy says this shows a trawler crew member using a hook to try to snag the Impeccable's towed acoustic array. "Chinese aggression, from aboard the USNS Impeccable," one member of the American ship's crew is heard narrating. "Details at 11." The Pentagon has raised concerns about a March 8 incident in which "increasingly aggressive" Chinese ships harassed the Impeccable, an unarmed survey ship with a mostly civilian crew. China's government accused the ship of violating Chinese and international laws during its patrols, which took place more than 100 miles off the Chinese coast. "The U.S. claims are gravely in contravention of the facts and confuse black and white and they are totally unacceptable to China," Ma Zhaoxu, a Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman, said after news of the incident emerged. Five Chinese vessels shadowed the Impeccable, with two of them closing to within 25 feet while their crews waved Chinese flags and stripped down to their underwear in a sign of disrespect. The Impeccable also turned fire hoses on one of the ships "in order to protect itself," the Pentagon said. The Pentagon said the Chinese also attempted to snag the sonar equipment that the ship was towing behind it, leaving crew members discussing possible orders to destroy the equipment at one point. "Lou and Wilson man the hoses while the Chinese irritate us to tears," the video's narrator reports. "Here he comes for another swipe at the array cable."  Watch Pentagon video of Impeccable incident » . The 281.5-foot Impeccable is one of six surveillance ships that perform military survey operations, according to the Navy. It is an oceanographic ship that gathers underwater acoustic data, using sonar. It has a maximum speed of 13 knots -- or about 15 mph -- but it travels 3 knots, or 3.5 mph, when towing its array of monitoring equipment. It carries a crew of 20 mariners, five technicians and as many as 20 Navy personnel. The Chinese ships involved included a navy intelligence collection ship, a Bureau of Maritime Fisheries patrol vessel, a State Oceanographic Administration patrol vessel and two small Chinese-flagged trawlers, the statement said.
highlights: Irritation shows in video taken during harassment of U.S. ship by Chinese vessels . China says Navy surveillance vessel was violating Chinese and international law . USS Impeccable turned fire hoses on vessel that came close in March 8 incident . Crew discussed possibly destroying sonar equipment Impeccable was towing .
id: 7c6a23daaebf8321078ea5d6ba576134bd55d80e
chatgpt: Tensions between the United States and China have been raised once again after a video was released showing a Chinese vessel harassing a U.S. Navy ship. The incident occurred on March 8, in the South China Sea, when the U.S. vessel, USS Impeccable, was conducting routine operations in international waters.  The video, which was taken by the Chinese vessel, clearly shows the U.S. ship being approached at close range by the Chinese vessel, which was believed to be a navy surveillance vessel. The Chinese vessel is seen repeatedly crossing the bow of the U.S. ship, coming within 25 feet of it, and creating a wake that caused the U.S. vessel to rock violently.  At one point, the Chinese vessel is seen coming so close to the U.S. ship that the crew of the Impeccable turned fire hoses on it in order to warn it away. The Chinese vessel ignored the warning and continued to harass the U.S. ship. The crew of the Impeccable also discussed the possibility of destroying the sonar equipment it was towing in order to prevent the Chinese vessel from gaining any intelligence about the U.S. ship's capabilities.  China has defended its actions, stating that the U.S. vessel was violating Chinese and international law by conducting surveillance in its exclusive economic zone (EEZ). However, the U.S. maintains that it was conducting routine operations in international waters and was not violating any laws.  This incident is just the latest in a series of confrontations between the U.S. and China in the South China Sea. The U.S. has been increasing its military presence in the region in an effort to counter China's growing assertiveness in the area. China, on the other hand, has been increasing its naval and air capabilities in the region in order to protect its territorial claims.  The U.S. has long maintained that it has the right to conduct freedom of navigation operations in international waters, including the South China Sea, which China claims as its own territory. The U.S. says that these operations are necessary to ensure that international sea lanes remain open and that all countries have the right to navigate through them.  China, however, has repeatedly warned the U.S. to stay out of the region and has accused the U.S. of trying to destabilize the region by increasing its military presence there. The U.S. has also accused China of militarizing the South China Sea by building artificial islands and deploying military hardware on them.  As tensions continue to rise between the two countries, it remains to be seen what the future will hold for U.S.-China relations. The U.S. has already signaled that it will continue to conduct freedom of navigation operations in the South China Sea, while China has warned that it will take necessary measures to defend its sovereignty and territorial integrity.