article: (CNN)  -- Former champion Maria Sharapova has been seeded for next week's Wimbledon championships. Sharapova powers a forehand during the WTA tournament in Birmingham last week. The Russian has only recently returned to action after a serious shoulder injury, but despite performing solidly in the French Open and reaching the semifinals of the WTA grasscourt event in Birmingham last week, she remained 59th in the rankings. But Wimbledon, who are alone among the grand slams in not sticking entirely with the official rankings of the ATP and WTA in deciding the seedings, have given Sharapova the 24th berth. World number one Dinara Safina of Russia is top seed, followed by Serena Williams and defending champion Venus Williams, who is elevated to third because of her prowess on grass. Rafael Nadal, who remains a slight injury doubt to take his place in the draw, is the top seed in the men's tournament, with the top six spots in the list following the ATP rankings list. The defending champion will  test his injured knees by playing in two exhibition matches on grass at the Hurlingham Club in London later this week, organizers announced Wednesday. The Spaniard will play Lleyton Hewitt of Australia on Thursday and Stanislas Wawrinka of Switzerland on Friday. Five-time champion and pre-tournament favorite Roger Federer is second seed at Wimbledon as he bids to set a record of 15 grand slam wins after his French Open triumph. Home hope Andy Murray, who won the Queen's Club tournament on Sunday, is seeded third with Novak Djokovic of Serbia in fourth. Eighth-ranked Fernando Verdasco of Spain gets the seventh seed spot ahead of Frenchman Gilles Simon. Outside of the top seeds, Marat Safin of Russia has been elevated to 15th from his world ranking of 23. Former world number one Safin reached the semifinals at the All England Club last year. Big-serving Croatian Ivo Karlovic is lifted to 23rd from 31st. The third grand slam of the year starts next Monday with the all-important draw being made on Friday. In the pre-Wimbledon warmup action on Wednesday, top seed Dinara Safina of Russia beat Yaroslava Shvedova of Kazakhstan 6-3 6-3 in the Ordina Open in the Netherlands. But Amelie Mauresmo of France was beaten 7-6 7-6 by Russian Ekaterna Makarova at the WTA tournament in Eastbourne.
highlights: Maria Sharapova elevated to 24th seed by as Wimbledon announces seeds . Injury-doubt Rafael Nadal top seed as he defends his Wimbledon crown . Nadal to test his injured knees in exhibition tournament at Hurlingham Club . Dinara Safina reaches third round of the Ordina Open in the Netherlands .
id: 27af664a38a64b6588b320b8e93c3d6a033f013d
chatgpt: Maria Sharapova has been elevated to the 24th seed by Wimbledon as the tennis tournament announces its seeds. Sharapova, who returned to competition from a doping ban last year, will now have a better chance in the competition than if she had remained unseeded. The former Wimbledon champion, whose ranking has plummeted due to her suspension, has been gradually working her way back up the ladder. Meanwhile, the top seed for the men’s draw is injury-doubt Rafael Nadal, who will be defending his Wimbledon crown. Nadal, who recently pulled out of the Queen’s Club Championships due to a knee problem, will be tested in an exhibition tournament at the Hurlingham Club, which is seen as a warm-up event for big tournaments. The 32-year-old Spaniard is one of the favourites to win the tournament, but his fitness will be a major concern for his fans. Dinara Safina, the former world number one from Russia, has reached the third round of the Ordina Open in the Netherlands. Safina, who retired from professional tennis in 2014 due to back problems, has been given a wildcard entry in the tournament. The 32-year-old beat her compatriot Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova in three sets to progress to the third round. Sharapova, who won her first round match at the Mallorca Open on Monday, said that she was "proud to be part of a great tradition" at Wimbledon. "It's a privilege to be seeded and have the opportunity to compete at the highest level of tennis," she added. Sharapova, who has won five Grand Slam singles titles, made her comeback from a doping ban last year and has since climbed her way up the rankings. The 31-year-old has not played at Wimbledon since 2015, when she lost in the semifinals to Serena Williams. Nadal has won two Wimbledon titles in his illustrious career but has struggled with knee and wrist injuries in recent years. He withdrew from the Queen’s Club Championship last week, saying that he had been advised to rest his knee. However, he is now hoping to be fit for Wimbledon, which starts on July 2. Safina, who reached the final of the French Open in 2008, is currently ranked outside the top 800 in the world. She retired from professional tennis in 2014 due to persistent back problems but has since returned to the court in exhibitions and low-level tournaments. She is now hoping to climb her way back up the rankings and regain her form.