article: By . A. Greg . A porn star can barely talk after a brutal beating, allegedly at the hands of her MMA fighter boyfriend at their Las Vegas home. Christy Mack is in hospital and Jon Koppenhaver, known in the ring as War Machine, is wanted by police. There was allegedly a third person involved in the fracas who also sustained injuries, but police have not revealed that person's identity. Both are described by TMZ as having sustained 'severe but non-life-threatening injures.' Tainted love: Christy Mack (left) is in hospital and War Machine, aka Jon Koppenhaver, is at large after he allegedly beat her brutally at their Las Vegas home . Koppenhaver has not come forward but he has tweeted about the incident. '@ChristyMack I love you and hope you're okay. I came him (sic) early to surprise you and help you set up for your convention. I can't believe what I found and can't believe what happened. 'I'm so heart broken...in all ways. I will always love you.' TMZ reports that Mack is 'in very bad shape' after the attack and can barely speak from her injuries. A representative for the porn actress told TMZ that Mack's friends and relatives are offering a $5,000 reward to anyone who can provide clues as to Koppenhaver's whereabouts. Welterweight Koppenhaver, who appears on the FOX show Ultimate Fighter, has been released from his contract with MMA promotional outfit Bellator. Big man: Koppenhaver has spent time in jail for assault, and Mack has previously spoken about his physical violence towards her . Porn star: The tattooed brunette works in the porn industry but is currently in hospital with injuries so severe that she has difficulty speaking . Selfie-obsessed: 'War Machine' tweeted about the attack, hinting that he had found Mack en flagrante with another person . Bellator's president told TMZ that Koppenhaver would not be welcome back. 'We have a zero tolerance policy here at Bellator when it relates to any form of domestic violence, and after learning of this latest incident involving (Jon Koppenhaver) War Machine, Bellator is releasing him from his promotional contract with the organization,' Bellator president Scott Coker told TMZ. Koppenhaver served a year in jail in 2012 for an assault in a San Diego nightclub. Mack has previously tweeted about her boyfriend's violent tendency. Fox Sports reports that last November she wrote that Koppenhaver 'threatened to kill' her. She deleted the tweets not long after and Koppenhaver tweeted that she had been joking. Later, she tweeted that she had endured 'several slapping, choking unconscious, smothering, kicking and throwings' at his hands. Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
highlights: Porn star Christy Mack is in hospital with serious injuries . Her MMA fighter boyfriend War Machine, aka Jon Koppenhaver, is wanted by police . He is believed to have brutally beaten Mack and another person in the couple's Las Vegas home .
id: c80194a6368894b5bece1beda9af73b781779dd5
chatgpt: Porn star Christy Mack is currently in a hospital with serious injuries after allegedly being brutally beaten by her MMA fighter boyfriend, War Machine, whose real name is Jon Koppenhaver. According to reports, the incident occurred in their Las Vegas home and left Mack with substantial injuries. War Machine is currently wanted by the police for questioning. Details surrounding the alleged assault are still emerging, but sources close to Mack have revealed that she suffered multiple broken bones which required surgery to treat. The extent of War Machine's involvement in the attack is still unclear. However, it has been reported that another person in the couple's home was also injured during the altercation. The police have confirmed that War Machine is now the subject of a manhunt, as they attempt to track down the MMA fighter in connection to the incident. In a statement, the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department urged anyone with information on his whereabouts to come forward. The domestic violence attack has shocked fans of both Mack and War Machine, who had been dating on and off for several months. Mack, whose real name is Christine Mackinday, has been quiet on social media since the alleged assault. However, she did release a statement, thanking fans for their support. "I would like to thank everyone for their support over the past few days. I'm healing quickly and ready to move forward," Mack said in a statement. The news has also been met with criticism from fans of the MMA fighter, who have taken to social media to express their outrage over the incident. Many have called for War Machine to turn himself in and face justice for his alleged actions. The assault is not the first time War Machine has been in trouble with the law. In 2011, he was sentenced to a year in jail after being found guilty of two counts of assault during a bar fight in San Diego. He also has a history of domestic violence, having been arrested several times for assaulting previous partners. In light of the recent allegations against War Machine, many fans have called for the MMA fighter to be banned from the sport. However, the Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC) has yet to release a statement. The incident has brought the issue of domestic violence in relationships to the forefront once again. Domestic violence hotlines are urging anyone who may be experiencing abuse to come forward and seek help. Mack's case has also highlighted the dangers of staying in an abusive relationship and the importance of surrounding oneself with a supportive network of family and friends. As reports of the incident continue to emerge, the MMA community and fans of both Mack and War Machine can only hope that the case will be resolved as quickly and peacefully as possible.