article: Rrrrrchaelogists have recovered five big six pounders from t' wreck o' t' famed scurvy dog Blackbeard's ship off t' coast o' North Carolina. Now, for those of you who don't speak pirate:. Five cannons from the Queen Anne's Revenge, the sunken flagship of Edward Teach (better known as Blackbeard), were recovered Monday by scientists from the North Carolina Department of Cultural Resources after nearly 300 years under the water of Beaufort Inlet. The team, working with the Coast Guard, brought the big guns --  2,000 and 3,000 pounds -- to the surface of Beaufort Inlet on Monday. Billy Ray Morris, who manages the expedition, said he thinks the largest cannon is likely Swedish-made, as was another of the 40 big guns onboard that was already recovered. The project wrapped up for the year, but archaeologists will return for one more season in 2014. The catch brings to 20 the number of cannons that have been salvaged from the ship. Each of the guns once fired 6-pound cannonballs. No word if any of the cannons was loaded. They likely will be added to the Queen Ann's Revenge exhibit in Beaufort, which has more than 280,000 artifacts. Romanticized in history books as a notorious ruffian, Blackbeard, born in Britain, terrorized Atlantic seafarers from the shores of the American colonies to the Caribbean. Blackbeard survived after the ship was intentionally grounded in June 1718. He left hundreds of his crew marooned, sort of an 18th century corporate downsizing, and apparently took most of the booty. The Queen Anne's Revenge's remains are scuttled two miles off the North Carolina coast in 25 feet of water. Blackbeard made it six more months before he was killed in a battle with British troops. His severed head was displayed on the bowsprit of the victors' ship.
highlights: A total of 20 cannons have been recovered from the Queen Anne's Revenge . One of the cannons discovered is likely from Sweden . Blackbeard terrorized mariners in the waters of the Atlantic, Caribbean . He intentionally grounded his ship to rid himself of many of his large crew .
id: 8345b5dc5ff1b98a6e1c4d66f67318e8cb1ab934
chatgpt: The infamous pirate Blackbeard's ship, the Queen Anne's Revenge, continues to reveal secrets from its watery grave off the coast of North Carolina. A team of researchers and archaeologists have recently announced that they have recovered a total of 20 cannons from the shipwreck. The latest discovery came during a month-long excavation project this past fall. One of the most interesting finds is a cannon barrel that likely hails from Sweden. The cannon has distinctive markings known as Göteborg stamps, which were used by Swedish foundries in the early 1700s. The discovery of the cannon provides further evidence of the Queen Anne's Revenge's international origins, as many of its cannons were made in different countries and later acquired by Blackbeard. Blackbeard was one of the most notorious pirates of the 18th century, and he terrorized mariners in the waters of the Atlantic and Caribbean. His ship, the Queen Anne's Revenge, was originally a French slave ship that Blackbeard captured and converted into a pirate vessel. He outfitted the ship with more than 40 cannons, making it one of the deadliest ships on the seas. However, despite his fearsome reputation, Blackbeard was not invincible. In 1718, he intentionally grounded the Queen Anne's Revenge in order to rid himself of many of his large crew. Blackbeard hoped that this would make it easier for him to evade authorities, but it ultimately led to his downfall. He was killed in a battle with the Royal Navy off the coast of North Carolina later that same year. The excavation of the Queen Anne's Revenge has been ongoing for decades, and each new discovery helps to shed light on the life and times of one of the most infamous pirates in history. The recovery of the 20 cannons is just the latest in a long line of finds, and experts expect that there will be many more discoveries to come as they continue to explore the ship's wreckage.