article: (CNN) -- Fox's longtime singing competition "American Idol" is embroiled in a lawsuit brought by 10 African-American former contestants who say they were unfairly dismissed from the show because of their race. Their complaint was filed Thursday in U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, alleging that "American Idol" producers unlawfully acquired information about contestants' criminal backgrounds for both black and white contestants but then used whatever they found solely against black finalists. If the arrest records of white "Idol" finalists were made public, the suit alleges that they conversely were "championed as models of redemption." The suit accuses the producers of using criminal background checks to "systematically disqualify and publicly humiliate" black "Idol" finalists as a ratings ploy, perpetuating stereotypes along the way. It contends that while there "were three times as many White (or non-black) contestants featured on 'American Idol'" since it began in 2002, "there has never been a single White (or non-black) contestant disqualified" from the series. Fox and "Idol" production company FremantleMedia have so far declined CNN's request for comment. The 10 plaintiffs include Jaered Andrews (season 2), Corey Clark (season 2), Jacob John Smalley (season 2), Donnie Williams (season 3), Terrell and Derrell Brittenum (season 5), Thomas Daniels (season 6), Akron Watson (season 6), Ju'Not Joyner (season 8)and Chris Golightly (season 9). Each former contestant is seeking $25 million in damages for "economic injuries, lost business opportunities and/or lost earning potential" following their dismissal from "Idol." Their attorney, James H. Freeman, said the exit of season 11 contestant Jermaine Jones inspired him to take the case. In 2012, Jones was disqualified from "Idol" for allegedly concealing "multiple crimes and outstanding police warrants," but Jones isn't a part of the current lawsuit. In an interview with CNN, Jones said he had a "really good experience" as a contestant, although he disagrees with the way he was kicked off the show. "I think that they handled (the situation) the way they wanted to handle the situation. Do I agree with it? Of course not. I would love to have been on the show to be able to compete," Jones said. "But you know I take the highs and the lows, the good and the bad." When he was asked to be a part of the lawsuit, Jones said he declined. "I'm grateful for the whole experience. You know, the good parts, the bad parts -- it all made me who I am, and it helped enhance and cultivate me as a person (and) as a musician, as an artist, as a performer. I'm just moving forward." During the 12 seasons of "American Idol," four African-American contestants have won: Ruben Studdard, Fantasia Barrino, Jordin Sparks (who is biracial) and Candice Glover. CNN's Nischelle Turner contributed to this report.
highlights: Ten former "Idol" contestants have sued, alleging racial bias . The suit says the contestants were targeted for ridicule and public dismissal . The plaintiffs are seeking $25 million each in damages . Fox and "Idol" producers have declined to comment .
id: 98e90440400cf3aca6cdf69213051d3c8a333a20
chatgpt: Ten former contestants of the hit reality television show “American Idol” have filed a lawsuit against the show, alleging racial discrimination. The lawsuit has been filed in the Los Angeles Superior Court and seeks damages of $25 million for each plaintiff. The plaintiffs claim that they were subjected to discriminatory treatment and were targeted for ridicule and dismissal, which caused them lasting emotional distress. The contestants allege that the producers of the show unfairly targeted them based on their race, including limiting their song choices and wardrobe options, and subjecting them to racist and derogatory comments. The lawsuit is being brought against both Fox, the network that aired “American Idol,” and the show’s producers, FremantleMedia North America and 19 Entertainment. The plaintiffs’ attorneys are also seeking an independent investigation into the show’s casting practices and the handling of complaints of racial discrimination. One of the plaintiffs, who chose to remain anonymous, said that being on the show was a “dream come true” but that the discriminatory treatment they experienced was “heartbreaking.” They said they hoped the lawsuit would lead to changes in the entertainment industry and a greater awareness of bias and discrimination against people of color. Fox and the show’s producers have so far declined to comment on the lawsuit. However, this is not the first time that the show has been accused of racial discrimination. In 2013, former contestant Corey Clark filed a lawsuit against the show’s producers, claiming that he had been unfairly disqualified because of his race. The lawsuit was eventually dismissed. The allegations in this lawsuit come at a time when the entertainment industry is facing increased scrutiny over issues of diversity and representation. Critics have long argued that the industry has a history of marginalizing people of color both in front of and behind the camera. The “American Idol” lawsuit is just one example of many legal challenges that have been brought against major networks and production companies in recent years. In 2018, Fox News paid $10 million to settle a lawsuit that accused the network of racial and gender discrimination. Earlier this year, a group of writers sued the Writers Guild of America, alleging that the union had engaged in discriminatory practices against women and people of color. The impact of this lawsuit on the future of “American Idol” remains uncertain, and it is unclear whether the claims made by the plaintiffs will be upheld in court. However, the lawsuit does raise important questions about the representation of people of color in the entertainment industry and the need for greater diversity and inclusion. As the lawsuit moves forward, it is likely that there will be increased attention and scrutiny on the casting practices and behind-the-scenes management of “American Idol” and other reality shows. For now, the plaintiffs are hoping that their lawsuit will bring about much-needed change and address the culture of bias and discrimination in the entertainment industry.