article: By . Emily Allen . Last updated at 2:31 PM on 6th December 2011 . Two men have been arrested after a seven-year-old boy died after allegedly being beaten at his home. Police were alerted just after 7pm on Saturday after schoolboy Blake Fowler was taken to hospital from an address in Cromarty Road, Shirley, Southampton, Hampshire. He died the following day at Southampton General Hospital after suffering a serious head injury. Tragic: Blake Fowler's mother Sarah Spacagna wrote on Facebook: 'Rest in peace mummy's baby u will always be in my heart xxxxx' Blake's step-father Peter Meek, 23, was being questioned by police on suspicion of grievous bodily harm along with his brother Philip, 21, the Sun said. The pair were looking after his fiancee Sarah Spacagna's three children while she was out. Blake's family made the decision to turn of his life support machine on Sunday after doctors said he would never wake up, the newspaper added. Police were alerted just after 7pm on Saturday after Blake Fowler was taken to hospital from an address in Cromarty Road, pictured, in Shirley, Southampton . Blake's mother Ms Spacagna, 26, of . Southampton, paid tribute to her son on Facebook. She wrote: 'Rest in peace mummy's baby u . will always be in my heart xxxxx'. Officers said they were not treating the death as murder and were waiting for the results of a post-mortem. Blake died at Southampton General Hospital, pictured, on Sunday after suffering a serious head injury. Doctors told his mother he would never wake up . A Hampshire police spokeswoman told . MailOnline: 'Police officers in Southampton are investigating the . circumstances in which a seven-year-old boy from the city received a . life threatening head injury from which he eventually died. 'Officers are continuing to investigate how the boy came to receive the injury, and as part of that investigation a 23-year-old man and a 21-year-old man, both from Shirley, were arrested on suspicion of causing grievous bodily harm. 'They have since been released on bail until March 6 while investigations continue.'
highlights: Police not treating Blake Fowler's death as murder .
id: fc69605424e2f558fb3ec7de0d35194029a3d912
chatgpt: The death of Blake Fowler, a 24-year-old man who was found dead in his apartment earlier this week, is not being treated as a murder by the police. According to initial reports, Fowler was found by his roommate on Tuesday afternoon. His body was reportedly slumped over a table, and there were no signs of forced entry or struggle in the apartment. Police detectives were called to the scene and have been investigating the death since. While the official cause of death has yet to be determined, early indications suggest that foul play was not involved. In a statement released on Wednesday, the police department confirmed that they are not investigating the death as a homicide at this time. They have not disclosed any other details about the case, citing the ongoing investigation. Neighbors and friends of Fowler have expressed shock and disbelief at the news of his death. Some have described him as a kind and friendly person, while others have speculated about what might have happened to him. "I can't believe Blake is gone," said one neighbor who spoke on condition of anonymity. "He was always so friendly and outgoing, it's hard to believe that anything could have happened to him." Another friend of Fowler's, who also declined to be named, said that he was a "great guy" who was always willing to help others. "He was definitely the type of person who would do anything for his friends," the friend said. "It's really sad that he's gone, and I hope the police can figure out what happened." For now, the investigation into Fowler's death continues. The police have appealed for anyone with information about the case to come forward and speak to detectives. In the meantime, Fowler's family and friends are left to mourn his loss and wonder what might have happened to him in his final moments.