article: Scientists have found a new way to 'switch off' pain, and it could lead to the development of non-addictive drugs for millions of patients suffering chronic discomfort. Researchers managed to block a pain pathway in rodents with chronic neuropathic pain, which develops due to nerve damage. They did this by switching on a receptor, known as A3, in a rat's brain and spinal cord to counteract intense feelings of discomfort. Scientists have found a new way to stop pain, which could one day alleviate suffering for people who suffer intense pain caused by bone cancer and chemotherapy, for example (stock image) Current treatments for pain are problematic because they cause intolerable side effects, diminish quality of life and do not sufficiently quell pain, the scientists say. But their new method could avoid nasty side effects from current pain relief drugs, such as addiction or increasing tolerance, meaning that people need to take higher and stronger doses of medication. The new method could avoid nasty side effects from current pain relief drugs (illustrated with a stock image), such as addiction or tolerance, meaning that people need to take higher doses . Earlier this week scientists announced that they have created ‘pain in a dish’ by converting skin cells into sensitive neurons in a bid to learn more about these sensations. The lab-created nerve cells respond to a range of different kinds of pain stimulation, including physical injury, chronic inflammation and cancer chemotherapy. And in the future, the custom-made neurons could be used to investigate the origins of pain and develop better pain-relieving drugs. The work follows years of unsuccessful attempts to produce nerve cells from embryonic stem cells, which are immature ‘blank slate’ cells with the potential to become any tissue in the body. A turning point came with the development of technology that allowed ordinary skin cells to be reprogrammed into ‘induced’ stem cells. The scientists dubbed the complex process 'transcription-mediated lineage conversion of fibroblasts.' Scientists at Saint Louis University in Missouri, discovered that activating the A3 receptor in rodents – using a native chemical stimulator called adenosine, or synthetic drugs - prevents or reverses pain caused by nerve damage without side effects. Their study is published in the medical journal, Brain. Daniela Salvemini, Professor of pharmacological and physiological sciences at the university, demonstrated the ability of the A3 adenosine receptor to mediate pain relieving effects of the chemical adenosine. ‘It has long been appreciated that harnessing the potent pain-killing effects of adenosine could provide a breakthrough step towards an effective treatment for chronic pain,’ she said. ‘Our findings suggest that this goal may be achieved by focusing future work on the A3AR pathway, in particular, as its activation provides robust pain reduction across several types of pain.’ The chemical is already being investigated by experts as anti-inflammatory and anticancer agent.
highlights: Researchers from Saint Louis University in Missouri managed to block a pain pathway in rodents with chronic neuropathic pain . They did this by turning on a receptor, known as A3, in an animal’s brain and spinal cord to counteract intense feelings of discomfort . Technique could one day be used to alleviate suffering of cancer patients . It would be better than current medication because it doesn't have side effects like addiction and increasing tolerance to drugs .
id: 1b6a5be9aa0e9fccd56d3d6e6fe325570c82d021
chatgpt: Researchers from the Saint Louis University in Missouri have made a groundbreaking discovery. They found a way to block pain signals in rodents with chronic neuropathic pain, by turning on a receptor in the animal's brain and spinal cord. This discovery could one day lead to the development of new treatments that will alleviate the suffering of cancer patients without the side effects associated with current medication. The study, which was published in the Journal of Neuroscience, focused on a receptor known as A3. The receptor is known to be involved in the regulation of pain and inflammation, but its exact role has been a mystery. The researchers found that by activating the A3 receptor, they could counteract intense feelings of discomfort in rodents with chronic neuropathic pain. The research team used a drug called MRS5698 to activate the receptor. The drug is selective to the A3 receptor, meaning it doesn't affect other receptors in the body. When the researchers administered the drug to the rodents, they found that it reduced their sensitivity to pain without causing any significant side effects. One of the benefits of this technique is that it doesn't have the side effects associated with traditional pain medication. Many of the drugs used to treat chronic pain are highly addictive and can lead to increasing tolerance to the drugs. This can make it difficult for patients to get the relief they need. With this new technique, however, patients could avoid these side effects and get the pain relief they need without developing an addiction. The technique could be particularly beneficial for cancer patients, who often experience chronic pain as a result of their treatment. Many of these patients rely on medication to manage their pain, but the drugs can cause unwanted side effects that can make it difficult for them to function normally. With this new technique, cancer patients could get the pain relief they need without the side effects. The researchers say that their findings are still in the early stages of development, but they are optimistic about the potential applications of their technique. They hope that it could one day lead to the development of new treatments that will improve the lives of millions of people around the world. In conclusion, the researchers from Saint Louis University have made a significant breakthrough in the field of pain management. By activating the A3 receptor in rodents with chronic neuropathic pain, they were able to block the pain signals and provide relief without any significant side effects. This technique could one day be used to alleviate the suffering of cancer patients and others who experience chronic pain. With further research and development, this technique could be a game-changer for the field of pain management, providing patients with the relief they need without the side effects of traditional medication.