article: Lindsey Vonn's stunning revival continued when she clinched her second victory in four races in a women's downhill on Saturday to move within sight of the all-time record of World Cup wins. Back in action two weeks ago in Lake Louise after a one-year break and two knee operations, the four-times World Cup winner won her second race, a downhill in Lake Louise, before finishing second in a Super-G. Her rivals were warned but could hardly do a thing when the former Olympic and world champion skied an almost immaculate run in Val D'Isere to clinch her 61st World Cup victory in one minute 44.47 seconds. VIDEO Scroll down to see Vonn's victory in Val D'Isere . Lindsey Vonn celebrates on the podium after winning the alpine ski women's World Cup downhill in Val d'Isere . The American skiier races downhill on way to picking up her 61st World Cup victory of her career . The 30-year-old has recently returned to action following a one year break to undergo two knee operations . Vonn (centre) celebrates on the podium with Viktoria Rebensburg (left) and Elisabeth Goergl (right) Vonn is only one win short of the 62 mark held by Austrian Annemarie Moser-Proell and she could equal it in Sunday's Super-G on the same Oreiller-Killy course. "Sixty-one is a difficult number and I'm looking forward to another chance tomorrow," the 30-year-old American told reporters. The podium was a prestigious one with 2011 downhill and Super-G world champion Elizabeth Goergl of Austria and 2010 Olympic giant slalom champion Viktoria Rebensburg of Germany tied for second place, 0.19 seconds behind Vonn. Her victorious return in Lake Louise was spectacular but was undermined by the fact that the Canadian course is considered Vonn's backyard after she won 15 World Cup races there. Vonn even had time to take a selfie with a beautifully groomed calf as she stood on the podium after her win . The blonde bombshell couldn't have been happier as she stroked the animal brought on to the podium . Vonn smiles for the cameras as she received a warm hug in the chilly Val d'Isere weather . "In Lake Louise, I won so many times that some people automatically assume that I should win there. But it's never easy to win in any World Cup race," she said. "I already knew I could win here today but it was for other people to understand that I'm back to where I used to be. I'm very much looking forward to the rest of the season and have more opportunities to feel more comfortable with the speed and keep pushing myself," Vonn added. The day was also a special one for Goergl, who had two up-and-down seasons since her double world title in 2011, and for Rebensburg, who had never made it on to a downhill podium before.
highlights: Alpine skier Lindsey Vonn won her 61st World Cup downhill on Saturday . Vonn returned from one-year absence following two knee operations . Former Olympic and world champion skied a near perfect run in Val d'Isere .
id: ea052c38fbd53698decff1085e722416c160fbcd
chatgpt: Alpine skier Lindsey Vonn marked her return to top form by winning her 61st World Cup downhill on Saturday in Val d'Isere. The former Olympic and world champion skied a near perfect run on the demanding French course, impressing spectators and competitors alike with her speed and skill. Vonn had been absent from the circuit for a year after undergoing two knee operations, but showed no sign of rust or hesitation as she blazed down the steep, icy course in just 1 minute and 41.55 seconds. Her only major mistake came near the end of the run, when she momentarily lost her balance but quickly recovered to cross the finish line with the fastest time of the day. "I couldn't be happier right now," Vonn said after the race. "It's been a long road back, but I feel like I'm finally back where I belong." Vonn's victory was all the more impressive given the depth of talent in the women's downhill field. She faced tough competition from fellow Americans Mikaela Shiffrin and Laurenne Ross, as well as Switzerland's Lara Gut and Austria's Anna Fenninger. But Vonn's years of experience and impeccable technique proved too much for her rivals on this occasion. The win also puts Vonn in a strong position to defend her World Cup title from last season, when she won her fifth overall championship. While she still has some ground to make up on Gut and Fenninger in the standings, Vonn's victory in Val d'Isere sends a message to the rest of the field that she is once again a force to be reckoned with. Vonn's triumph also cements her place in skiing history as one of the all-time greats. With 61 World Cup downhill victories to her name, she is now just five shy of the all-time record held by Sweden's Ingemar Stenmark. And with Vonn showing no signs of slowing down at age 32, it seems only a matter of time before she surpasses that mark. But for Vonn, the focus is on her next race, which comes in just a few days' time in Italy. She will be looking to build on her success in Val d'Isere and solidify her position at the top of the World Cup standings. With her fierce determination and unmatched skill on the slopes, it would be unwise to bet against her.