article: By . Sarah Bull . PUBLISHED: . 10:51 EST, 14 March 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 11:48 EST, 14 March 2014 . Holly Willoughby has revealed she is expecting her third child with husband Dan Baldwin. The 33-year-old presenter made the announcement on her official website and tweeted a link with the caption, 'I've got something to tell you!' Her blog then revealed the statement: 'Surprise Surprise (and it was a surprise!!) I'm really happy and excited to tell you that Dan and I are expecting baby number 3!! 'We feel blessed and very luck to be giving Belle and Harry a little brother or sister later this year. ' Happy news: Holly Willoughby has revealed she is expecting her third baby with husband Dan Baldwin . Announcement: Holly accompanied her blog post with a cute picture of herself and Dan . The couple are already parents to Harry, four, and Belle, aged two. The happy news comes after Holly kept . her figure concealed beneath a billowing pink scarf as she was seen . leaving the Riverside Studios after filming Celebrity Juice on Wednesday. Keeping the . scarf pressed closely to her body, Holly was keen not to let anything . slip before she was ready to make the official announcement in her own . time. Covering up: Holly concealed her figure beneath a jacket and pink scarf as she arrived to film Celebrity Juice on Wednesday . Blooming: Could Holly's scarf be an indication of the sex of her baby? In an interview last year, Holly admitted that she is ‘perennially broody’ for another child, insisting it was just 'a question of when and if'. She said: 'I would like another baby, so let’s . wait and see. I’ve always thought I’d have a big family so if I’m lucky . enough to fall pregnant again, great. ‘It’s just a question of when and if it happens. You can’t set aside time specially.' Holly, who may well have been pregnant at the time of the interview, added: 'It is a weird thing planning a baby. You can make sure it doesn’t happen but making sure it does is a different thing.' Stylish: Holly became known for her style during her pregnancy and even launched a maternity range with Littlewoods back in 2009 . It remains to be seen how Holly's pregnancy will affect her work on both This Morning and Celebrity Juice. Last time she was pregnant, Holly caused a Twitter storm by telling her then 675,000 followers that she had gone into labour. The blonde beauty has already been flooded with congratulatory messages from both fans and celebrity pals on Twitter. Leading the way: Caroline Flack was one of the first to tweet her congratulations . This Morning co-presenter Emma Willis tweeted: '@hollywills WOOP WOOP!! Congratulations to you and dan you lovely lady! X (sic)' The Xtra Factor host Caroline Flack wrote: '@hollywills wahhhhhhh! Amazing news. Congratulations and @DanPBaldwin xx (sic)' Model Kelly Brook offered her best wishes to the couple, also. She wrote to Dan: '@DanPBaldwin Congratulations Dan that's amazing News xxxx (sic)'
highlights: Holly, 33, announced the news on her blog on Friday afternoon . She is already mother to Harry, four, and Belle, two, with Dan Baldwin . Emma Willis and Caroline Flack were among the first to tweet congratulations .
id: 2321caf7b8df95af676fd342d32bc6c1b44aa239
chatgpt: Holly Willoughby, the popular British television presenter, took to her blog last Friday to announce her third pregnancy. The news came as a surprise to many of her fans as the 33-year old had not previously revealed any hints of her pregnancy on her social media profiles or in her television appearances. Holly Willoughby is already a proud mother of two children; a son named Harry aged four and a daughter named Belle aged two, with her husband Dan Baldwin. The couple got married in 2007 and have been going strong ever since. Holly wrote on her blog, "Surprise Surprise (and it was a surprise!!) I'm really happy and excited to tell you that Dan and I are expecting baby number three!!!" She thanked all her well-wishers and fans for the overwhelming support. Soon after the announcement, congratulations started pouring in from all corners including from her close friends Emma Willis and Caroline Flack. Both of them tweeted to congratulate Holly on her pregnancy. Emma Willis, who is a co-presenter on the television show "This Morning" along with Holly, tweeted, "Huge congrats to @hollywills and Dan on their amazing news!!! 3 is the magic number! Can't wait to cuddle it!!! Xxx." The ever-supportive Caroline Flack also took to Twitter to congratulate her friend. She tweeted, "Yaaaaaaay!!! @hollywills pregnant!!!!! Number 3… Love you beauty". The news of Holly's pregnancy has delighted her fans who took to social media to show their love and support for the TV presenter. Many of her fans expressed their happiness and wished her a safe and healthy pregnancy. Holly is due to start filming for the new series of "This Morning" soon which has led many to wonder how long she will continue to work while she is pregnant. It is unclear at this time if she will take maternity leave or if she will continue to work throughout her pregnancy, as they have not yet announced a due date. Holly is known for her impeccable fashion sense and her pregnancy fashion is definitely something that her fans are looking forward to. Many of her fans are already discussing on social media about what kind of maternity clothes she would be wearing. Holly is a much-loved personality and her television stints include being a presenter on shows like "This Morning", "Celebrity Juice", and "Dancing on Ice". She is also a successful author of children's books. Her announcement has further strengthened the bond that she shares with her fans who continue to shower her with love and blessings. Despite the surprises, the heartwarming reactions of the people around her show that the future is bright for Holly Willoughby and her soon-to-be growing family.