article: Kate eating lavender biscuits to help her morning sickness . Advised by Duchess of Cornwall who is a big fan of the snack . By . Bianca London . PUBLISHED: . 04:16 EST, 31 December 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 06:26 EST, 31 December 2012 . It is a folk remedy fit for a princess. As she battles acute morning sickness, the Duchess of Cambridge has apparently turned to a traditional cure for queasiness: lavender shortbread biscuits. The plant has long been used as an anti-nausea remedy, though pregnant women are usually advised to administer it in the form of a few drops of oil in the bath. Traditional cure: Kate is said to be munching away on lavender biscuits, which were recommended to her by the Duchess of Cornwall to ease morning sickness . However, Kate is said to have had the . recommendation from her husband’s stepmother, the Duchess of Cornwall, . who is known to be a fan of lavender biscuits. The Royal Family has been sending her boxes of the unusual shortbread, which is sold by Prince Charles’s Duchy Originals brand as well as the Queen's favourite London store Fortnum and Mason, the Sun reported. In a cameo on Radio 4’s The Archers last year, Camilla raved about the lavender shortbread baked for her at Ambridge’s hotel, Grey Gables. Herbal tea (especially ginger) is used to counteract sickness and herbal teas . made with chamomile, lemon balm, and peppermint are also known to reduce nausea . It is recommended that you drink flat, room-temperature ginger ale to settle your stomach . Sniffing a slice of lemon has been reported to help . Crackers are the plainest food for those feeling sick . Nuts and peanut's high protein content is said to help . Fennel seed is a nausea remedy from Chinese folk medicine .
highlights: Kate eating lavender biscuits to help her morning sickness . Advised by Duchess of Cornwall who is a big fan of the snack .
id: f45311fbbf894ae73eb579b814c20c86b239c6b7
chatgpt: Duchess of Cambridge, Kate, is finding relief from her morning sickness with an unlikely snack choice: lavender biscuits. Kate was introduced to the snack by none other than her step-mother-in-law, the Duchess of Cornwall, who is said to be a big fan of the edible flowers. Kate has been suffering from Hyperemesis gravidarum during her current pregnancy, a rare and severe form of morning sickness that requires medical attention. The Duchess had previously suffered from the same condition during her pregnancies, and knew first-hand the importance of finding foods that could help provide relief. According to sources close to the royal family, Kate has found the lavender biscuits to be a lifesaver. The soothing scent and taste of the lavender, coupled with the light texture of the biscuit, have been the perfect combination to help her stomach settle during bouts of nausea. It seems that Kate is not the only one who finds relief in lavender. The Duchess of Cornwall has been known to keep a stash of the biscuits on hand for moments of stress or discomfort. Lavender is known for its calming properties, and studies have shown that it can help reduce anxiety and improve sleep quality. The biscuits are said to be made from a simple recipe, using flour, butter, sugar, and dried lavender flowers. They can be easily baked at home, or purchased from specialty shops. While the lavender biscuits may seem like a small detail in the grand scheme of things, for Kate and other women struggling with morning sickness, they can make a world of difference. It just goes to show that sometimes the simplest solutions can be the most effective. As Kate continues with her pregnancy, it is comforting to know that she has found a snack that works for her. With the support of her family and medical professionals, she is sure to have a healthy and happy pregnancy.