article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 17:46 EST, 3 March 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 17:56 EST, 3 March 2014 . An elite private school in Indianapolis has apologized for serving fried chicken and collard greens to students as part of a ‘misguided’ attempt to celebrate Black History Month. Several black students at Park Tudor School said they were hurt and disappointed when served the meal last Wednesday, supposedly in the name of raising cultural awareness. ‘We apologize for what was a clear error in judgment,’ said school officials. ‘We recognize the distress and hurt feelings this has caused within our entire community.’ Black students at Park Tudor School in Indianapolis said they were hurt and disappointed when served fried chicken last Wednesday - all in the name of raising cultural awareness . Administrators said they realized the problem before lunch was served and removed references to Black History Month from the menu, reports the Indianapolis Star. School officials blamed the menu mistake on Aladdin Food Management Services, which puts together meals without Park Tudor approval. A school official said the menu was ‘unconsciously’ linked to Black History Month by the West Virginia-based food services provider, without realizing any racist connotation. Fried chicken became ‘one of the most egregious stereotypes’ about blacks, along with watermelon, to emerge from minstrel shows, said Jakobi Williams, an Indiana University history professor. According to recent data, there are only 67 black students out of a total of 950 at Park Tudor School where tuition is $15,000 to $19,000 a year . ‘There are more important things you can do with Black History Month than a menu,’ Williams said. ‘I don’t think students are going to learn much from a menu.’ According to recent data, there are only 67 black students out of a total of 950 at the elite school where tuition is $15,000 to $19,000 a year. Critics said the problem is a symptom of a greater issue at the school. 'I’m not surprised,' said John Stanfield, of the Greater Indianapolis NAACP. 'Park Tudor is in serious need of getting very serious in developing effective inclusion and equality. Otherwise, their students are going to have a hard time transitioning in this world.' School officials have blamed the menu mistake on Aladdin Food Management Services, which puts together meals without Park Tudor approval .
highlights: Several black students at Park Tudor School in Indianapolis said they were hurt and disappointed when served the meal . Black History Month is supposed to be about raising cultural awareness . Fried chicken is 'one of the most egregious stereotypes' about blacks, along with watermelon, to emerge from minstrel shows . There are only 67 black students out of a total of 950 at the elite school where tuition is $15,000 to $19,000 a year .
id: a7319c794cf3f8cfd85365cf1a9b525d1379817d
chatgpt: Black students at the Park Tudor School in Indianapolis are speaking out after a disappointing and hurtful experience during Black History Month. Several African American students were served fried chicken as part of the school's celebration of the month-long observance, which is meant to raise cultural awareness. The students are upset by what they view as an insensitive and inappropriate gesture. Fried chicken has long been considered a derogatory racial stereotype against African Americans, along with watermelon, which were both popularized by minstrel shows in the 19th century. Many believe these stereotypes perpetuate harmful and negative images of people of color. Students at the elite school, where tuition ranges between $15,000 to $19,000 per year, share their disappointment over this incident, especially as it occurred during a month that is supposed to recognize and celebrate their rich cultural heritage. On top of the small representation of black students at the school, with only 67 black students out of a total of 950, the experience felt particularly isolating. Rashaun Palmer, one of the black students at Park Tudor, shares that he felt embarrassed and ashamed for himself and his community. "It's just kind of disheartening," Palmer said. "It makes me question what their intentions were, whether it was intentional or unintentional." Park Tudor School has apologised for the incident and acknowledges the hurt it may have caused. "We apologize for the poor choice of menu on this occasion and any disharmony this has caused within our community," the statement said. "For many years, Park Tudor has celebrated Black History Month with programs and lessons that aim to recognize the importance and impact of Black Americans throughout our history." However, despite the apology, many students at the school are still demanding more substantive changes to be made. In a statement released by the student government association, they called for an examination of school policies and a commitment to diversity and inclusion. As the country continues to grapple with issues of racial equity and representation, it serves as a reminder that events like this only highlight the need for continued education and understanding of the diverse experiences of those around us.