article: Kathmandu, Nepal (CNN) -- Nepal's parliament on Sunday elected a leader of the former Maoist rebels as the new prime minister with a simple majority. Baburam Bhattarai, 57, vice-chairman of the Unified Communist Party of Nepal (Maoist) will become the fourth prime minister since Nepal became a republic in 2008. After his election Bhattarai said he would attempt to complete the peace process and the long-delayed new constitution. Bhattarai received 340 votes in parliament, beating his rival Ram Chandra Poudel, 66, of the Nepali Congress, who received 235 votes. Bhattarai, who has a degree in architecture and a doctorate in regional planning, was able to get the crucial support of the regional Madhesi parties from southern Nepal. The 65 votes of the five parties of the Madhesi front were crucial for Bhattrai, whose party is the biggest in the 601-member parliament but lacks a majority. Media reports say the Madhesi parties have been promised 12 ministerial posts in exchange for their support. Bhattari is the second leader of the former rebels to become prime minister. The Maoists became the biggest party in the 2008 elections and their chairman Pushpa Kamal Dahal was prime minister for nine months. He resigned in a dispute with the president, who reinstated an army chief Dahal had fired. Earlier this month Jhalanath Khanal resigned as prime minister after he was unable to persuade the former Maoist rebels to demobilize and reintegrate their fighters in a deal that was agreeable to the other political parties. The Maoists fought a ten-year insurgency from 1996 to 2006 in which about 16,000 people were killed. According to the peace deal that ended the uprising, 19,602 United Nations-verified combatants should be integrated into the security forces, but the political parties are yet to agree on the number and the method. Nepal also faces the challenge of preparing a republican constitution and political parties have twice extended the deadline to prepare the constitution. The new deadline expires on Wednesday and political parties look likely to have to come to an agreement to extend the deadline a third time.
highlights: Baburam Bhattarai wins a simple majority with regional party backing . He's a leader of the former Maoist rebels, and the second ex-Maoist prime minister since 2008 . The last prime minister resigned over how to demobilize ex-rebels .
id: 6db44c7cd9ef70b36bde5c7652006415596655ec
chatgpt: Baburam Bhattarai, leader of the former Maoist rebels, has won a simple majority in the parliamentary elections with the backing of a regional party. This marks the second time an ex-Maoist prime minister has been elected since 2008. The previous prime minister, Pushpa Kamal Dahal, also known as Prachanda, resigned over disagreements regarding how to demobilize ex-rebels. However, Bhattarai's victory is believed to be an indication of stability and continuity in Nepal's government. Bhattarai was a key player in the decade-long Maoist insurgency that ended in 2006. He has since become a prominent politician, leading the Maoist party to victory in the 2008 elections. His party, now known as the Communist Party of Nepal, has been focusing on social and economic reforms. Bhattarai has been pushing for greater regional autonomy and has actively sought support from regional parties in order to accomplish this goal. With a simple majority, Bhattarai now has more leverage to push his agenda forward. Many are hopeful that his leadership will bring about positive change in Nepal, particularly in the areas of infrastructure development and poverty reduction. However, there are also concerns regarding the power of the Maoist party and its roots in violent rebellion. Bhattarai's victory highlights the complex relationship between Nepal's government, the former Maoist rebels, and regional interests. The election results have also sparked protests from opposition parties who feel that the election was unfair. Despite this, Bhattarai has expressed his commitment to working with all parties in order to move Nepal forward. Nepal has experienced significant political instability in recent years, with frequent changes in government and a struggling economy. Bhattarai's victory offers the possibility of new leadership and a renewed focus on stability and progress. Only time will tell if Bhattarai will be able to successfully navigate Nepal's complex political landscape and bring about meaningful change. However, his victory represents a new chapter in Nepal's history and offers hope for a brighter future.