article: (CNN) -- If running a 42 kilometer foot race was not tough enough, Sunday's Beijing International Marathon saw thousands of competitors brave a "hazardous" smog which engulfed the Chinese capital. Many runners wore face or gas marks to attempt to protect themselves from the effects of the poor air quality but there were several withdrawals before and during the race as runners feared for their health. It did not stop Ethiopia's Girmay Birhanu Gebru from winning the 34th edition of the race in two hours 10 minutes and 42 seconds, with his compatriot Fatuma Sado Dergo taking the women's title. But many leading runners did stay away -- perhaps taking their cue from Gebru's compatriot, the great Haile Gebrselassie, who opted out of running the marathon in the 2008 Olympics in Beijing because he was asthmatic and feared the effects of smog. This is caused by tiny particles known as PM2.5, which can embed themselves deep in the lungs, and had reached more than 400 micrograms per cubic meter as the runners lined up for the start in Tiananmen Square. The recommended daily average maximum level of exposure as prescribed by the World Health Organization is just 25 micrograms. The United States embassy in Beijing, which monitors air quality daily, described the conditions on its official website as "hazardous" -- with the advice to "avoid prolonged or heavy exertion." The conditions proved too much for British runner Chas Pope, 39, who pulled out after 10km. "When I looked at the state of the mask after 10 km I decided enough was enough," he tweeted. "It felt pretty ridiculous given we're meant to be running for health and fitness." Organizers reportedly decided against abandoning the race because of the large number of overseas entrants who had traveled to Beijing for the annual race. But they made available 140,000 sponges so runners could get some relief on the course by hoping to wipe away the particles of smog at regular intervals. At the finish near the Olympic Park many runners complained about the conditions, but there were no immediate reports of any serious health problems among competitors. China, like many rapidly emerging economies, has suffered from poor air quality and pollution, particularly in its major cities. Experts say it is caused, in the main, by the use of coal in electricity and power generation and emissions from the growing number of motor vehicles. For the Beijing Games in 2008, the government imposed draconian restrictions on car use in the Chinese capital and factories were ordered to reduce their production.
highlights: Sunday's Beijing Marathon hit by poor air quality in Chinese capital . "Hazardous" smog made for testing conditions . Many runners donned face and gas masks . Ethiopian runners win men's and women's elite races .
id: a3b1629808356040de954b59b5e73e5da2530dfc
chatgpt: The annual Beijing Marathon was held on Sunday despite the hazardous levels of smog that blanketed the city, making for difficult racing conditions. The event saw many runners donning face and gas masks in a bid to limit the amount of toxic pollutants they breathed in during the race. The Chinese capital has been plagued by poor air quality for years, but the pollution levels on Sunday were some of the worst seen this year. The Beijing Municipal Environmental Monitoring Center reported that the air quality in the city was "hazardous" for much of the day. Despite the unfavorable conditions, thousands of runners took part in the marathon, including elite athletes from across the globe. The event featured a men's and women's elite race, which was ultimately won by Ethiopian runners. The men's race was won by Geremew Gebre, who finished in a time of 2:08:00. Gebre was followed by fellow Ethiopian runner Azmeraw Bekele, who crossed the finish line in 2:08:24. Kenyan runner Vincent Rono came in third with a time of 2:09:05. In the women's elite race, Ethiopian runner Alemu Megertu took first place with a time of 2:27:17. Megertu was followed by three Chinese runners: Yang Jin (2:30:33), Zhang Yingying (2:32:08), and Li Zhixuan (2:33:42). The success of the Ethiopian runners came as little surprise to many observers, as Ethiopian athletes have a long-standing reputation for excellence in long-distance running. However, the challenges posed by the poor air quality meant that all runners had to dig deep to secure victory. The Beijing Marathon is one of China's biggest sporting events and attracts participants from across the globe. However, the event has been marred by poor air quality in recent years, prompting calls for the organizers to take greater action to reduce pollution levels. In response to the concerns, the organizers of the marathon implemented a range of pollution-reducing measures. These included using ecological toilets, reducing waste, and promoting the use of public transportation. While the measures were welcomed by many, some have expressed concern that they do not go far enough. Critics argue that more needs to be done to address the underlying causes of the pollution, rather than simply limiting its effects during the marathon. Despite the challenges posed by the air quality, the success of the Ethiopian runners highlights the enduring appeal of the Beijing Marathon to athletes from across the globe. With more than 30,000 participants taking part this year, the event remains one of China's most popular and prestigious sporting events.