article: With handsome, blue-eyed Jude Law as a . father and sultry Sadie Frost as a mother, Rafferty Law has some of the . best genes in the business. And the 17-year-old proved himself to be the model son, when he made his catwalk debut at the DKNY menswear show in London on Sunday. If that wasn't enough, the teen - who was first signed lead model agency, Select, back in October - . has now made his glossy magazine debut in a cool new fashion spread. He's headed for big things: It's been a good week for Jude Law's son Rafferty. The 17-year-old saw his star rise when he walked in DKNY on Sunday and now he's posing for a high fashion mag azine . Rafferty joins fellow male models Oliver Cheshire, True Blood's Giles Matthey and English judo athlete, Ashley McKenzie, for the black and white shoot in high fashion magazine, D Section. The story was based around 'my hero' and the boys were invited to talk about their personal heros whether it be their fathers or musicians who have inspired them through their lives. Sadly for A-list actor Jude, Rafferty didn't cite his father as his hero and instead opted for Joe Strummer from the Clash. Law and order: Rafferty Law made his catwalk debut at the Esquire & DKNY MEN show for London Collections . Like father like son: Rafferty was the first . child he had with ex-wife Sadie Frost in 1996 and they share a physical . resemblance . Look who it is! Oliver Cheshire, who is also represented by Select, also features in the D Section shoot and cites his idol as his fireman father . Raff, as he is known, goes on to explain that the musician's music and lyrics have inspired his own melodies. 'There have been all sorts of different musicians from different genres that have inspired and influenced my writing styles and technique,' he says. 'Joe Strummer is the most influential because of his image as a whole and the music he wrote and stood for is similar to what I'm trying to do with Dirty Harry's.' Dirty Harry's is Raff's four-piece band, of which he is singer and guitarist. Although he's still studying, the band is his main passion and he and his bandmates are currently gigging around London. Oliver Cheshire, who is dating Pixie Lott, cites his fireman father as his idol, while Giles Matthey chose his two best friends. Famous faces: True Blood's Giles Matthey and English judo athlete, Ashley McKenzie also star in the sultry black and white shoot in high fashion magazine, D Section . Friends in high places: TV presenter Nick Grimshaw congratulates Rafferty after his runway debut. The pair know each other through his mother Sadie, who is close to Nick . Stylish scene: The following night he stepped out at the #BEENTRILL# designer collaboration in London . Star kids: He was joined by fellow model and close friend Cora Corre, granddaughter of Vivienne Westwood .
highlights: Rafferty Law, 17, stars in fashion magazine, D Section . Stars alongside other famous male models . Says Joe Strummer from the Clash is his idol . Says musician inspired his own lyrics and techniques . Rafferty is singer and guitarist in band called Dirty Harry's .
id: 21913fbc1d4cc6cc640bb30597a8869f28633dab
chatgpt: Rafferty Law is only 17 years old, but he is already making a name for himself in the world of fashion and music. The young star recently landed a spread in D Section, a high-end fashion magazine, where he posed alongside other famous male models. Despite his burgeoning success in fashion, Rafferty Law is first and foremost a musician. He is the singer and guitarist in a band called Dirty Harry's, where he channels his love of rock 'n' roll into his art. In a recent interview, Rafferty opened up about his musical influences, citing Joe Strummer from the Clash as his primary inspiration. The late musician not only inspired Rafferty's own lyrics and techniques, but he also served as a role model for his overall approach to life. "Joe Strummer was a really genuine guy," Rafferty said in the interview. "He always stood up for what he believed in, and he never compromised his values for the sake of fame or fortune." It's clear that Rafferty shares this same commitment to authenticity and integrity. Despite his privileged upbringing (his father is actor Jude Law and his mother is actress Sadie Frost), Rafferty maintains a down-to-earth attitude and a deep passion for his craft. In fact, Rafferty's connection to music goes back to his childhood. His parents were both famously involved in the Britpop scene of the 1990s, and Rafferty grew up surrounded by music and creativity. "I was always fascinated by the power of music," Rafferty said in the interview. "It's amazing how it can bring people from all walks of life together and create a sense of unity and community." This sense of unity and community is a theme that runs throughout Rafferty's music. His band, Dirty Harry's, is focused on using rock 'n' roll as a means of bringing people together and promoting positive change in the world. "We want our music to inspire people to stand up for what they believe in, and to make a difference in their communities," Rafferty said. With his unique blend of rock 'n' roll style and social consciousness, Rafferty Law is quickly becoming a rising star in both the fashion and music worlds. With the guidance of his idols like Joe Strummer and his commitment to his craft, it's clear that he is on a path to even greater success in the future.