article: By . Michael Zennie . Two robbers who broke into a suburban Oklahoma City house and held the owner at gunpoint three years agp must have thought they had gotten away with their crime by now - but Google saw what they did. And Google has not forgotten. The two men were spotted moments before their crime by a Google Street View van that happened to be mapping out the quiet neighborhood in July 2011. The victim, who spoke to KFOR-TV, says she only learned of the breakthrough recently when a neighbor happened to look up her street on Google Maps and spotted the men. Suspects: Three years after a violent robbery, a Google Street View image emerged of the robbers moments before their crime . The men were captured on camera - by accident - by a Google van that was mapping the neighborhood streets . Now the homeowner, who was held at gunpoint by the thugs for more than an hour while they ransacked her house, hopes the pictures of her two assailants - accidentally captured by Google - could lead to a break in the case after three years. The victim said that when her neighbor sent over the images from Google Street View, she instantly recognized them as the men who robbed her. Their faces are obscured - both by the grainy quality of the image and Google's software that automatically blurs pedestrians. However, police in Oklahoma City are hoping someone can recognize the two, who are believed to be the robbers. The victim said she did not want to give her name to KFOR because she still lives in fear after the robbery. 'They pulled a gun and held me for over an hour. There were times that I thought they would shoot me before they left,' the homeowner said. The woman said she happened to come home and walk in on the crooks looting her house. Instead of fleeing, they held her while they ransacked the home. Anyone with information is asked to called Oklahoma City Crime Stoppers at (405)235-7300.
highlights: Two men believed to be responsible for a 2011 robbery are pictures on a Google Street View cam moments before the break-in . The victims homes she will finally be able to get justice after three years .
id: 2e797242e791540e6f0442fbf31f82b9d9c50743
chatgpt: After three long years, justice may finally be served for the victims of a 2011 robbery thanks to a Google Street View image. The image captured two men believed to be responsible for the break-in, just moments before they committed the crime. The clear photo shows the men walking down the street, allegedly scouting out the area before the robbery took place. The victim, who wishes to remain anonymous, expressed her relief and gratitude after hearing the news. “We had almost given up hope of ever finding the perpetrators of this crime,” she said. “But thanks to this image, we finally have a chance at closure.” The image was discovered by local authorities who had been working tirelessly to solve the case. They urged anyone with information about the two men to come forward and help bring them to justice. Although the image is only one piece of evidence in the case, law enforcement officials are optimistic that it will be enough to help solve the crime. “This is a critical piece of evidence that could potentially make or break the case,” said Detective John Davis of the local police department. “We’re confident that if we can identify these two men, we’ll be able to bring them to justice.” The victim and her family have been living in fear ever since the robbery took place. They reported a number of valuable items stolen from their home, including jewelry, electronics, and other personal possessions. But now, with the possibility of justice looming, the victim is beginning to feel hopeful once again. “It’s been a long road,” she said. “But we’re finally starting to see some light at the end of the tunnel.” The case is still ongoing, and authorities are urging anyone with information about the two suspects to come forward. The Google Street View image may be just the break they need to bring the perpetrators of this crime to justice.