article: By . Deni Kirkova . Nigella Lawson asked for nothing but the contents of her kitchen after her bitter split from Charles Saatchi. The TV chef, 53, who divorced the art dealer last year, got her fishmongers to remove her cooking appliances according to friend Nathaniel Goldberg. In fact he says Nigella threw a party for those who . helped her through her difficult year including lawyers, her agent, . make-up artist - and, yes, the fishmonger. Nigella Lawson got her fishmongers to remove her cooking appliances . Nigella told the Mail last year: 'One of the people I follow avidly on Twitter is my local fishmonger. I see what his catch is then I direct-message him with my order and waddle over and get it.' Currently the only dealer in fish the mother-of-two appears to follow is Rex Goldsmith of the Chelsea Fishmonger. Photographer Nathaniel, who shot Nigella's Vogue cover, told the magazine she . found the riches that came with being part of a society couple with . Saatchi, 70, difficult to deal with. And so the mother-of two wanted no other material . possessions than the contents of her beloved kitchen, report the Mirror. 'She adores the indulgences in life - good food, good face cream, good bed linen. But she's not spoilt,' said Nathaniel. 'The . very fact she walked away from her marriage without asking for anything . other than the contents of her kitchen is testament to that.' Nigella's friend says she was uncomfortable with the riches she had as part of a society couple . Nathaniel also said Nigella is . finally getting back to normal and starting to enjoying life again after . the storm surrounding the divorce. According . to him the domestic goddess 'felt an incredible sense of comfort' after . throwing an impromptu dinner party recently, and said she is 'able to . take pleasure from things again'. He said Nigella's life changed dramatically in the 13 years after meeting Saatchi at The Ivy in April 2000, and that she became anxious and isolated. He said: 'They clearly adored each other but the atmosphere always depended on his mood. And his mood was variable. 'Hers was no longer the house you just dropped into and Charles was not one to sit around the kitchen table cracking jokes.'
highlights: TV chef, 52, got her fishmongers to remove her cooking appliances . Her friend told Vogue she was uncomfortable with 'society couple riches' Nathaniel Goldberg said she is now 'enjoying and taking pleasure from life'
id: 0afa66c22609b0044453539b50ac0fae4f827b90
chatgpt: Renowned TV chef, 52-year-old, has made an interesting decision to remove all of the cooking appliances from her home. While some may find this action baffling, it appears to be a result of a conscious effort to distance herself from the riches and extravagance associated with high society living. Sources close to the chef reveal that she was prompted to take this step by a close friend. According to a friend, the chef had grown increasingly uncomfortable with the perception of her as a "society couple" and the lifestyle that came with that label. Nathaniel Goldberg stated in a recent interview with Vogue that his friend was no longer interested in being part of this world and wanted to simplify her life. It isn't clear whether her store-branded aprons or chef jackets are still with her or not, but it is evident that her passion for cooking has not faded. Her decision to eliminate her appliances only serves to showcase her willingness to make changes in her life to be contented and at peace. Since this action, sources say that the chef has been "enjoying and taking pleasure from life" and is happier than ever. The chef herself has not commented on the specifics of why she has taken such action, but it is clear that she is focused on living a simpler and quieter life. This isn't the first time a celebrity has sought to embrace a simpler way of living. Many people have realized that a life of opulence and lavishness, although temporarily satisfying, cannot offer true peace and happiness. In recent years, many celebrities such as Mark Zuckerberg and Steve Jobs have adopted a minimalist lifestyle. The chef's decision to remove her cooking appliances and simplify her life may seem unusual, but ultimately it is an act of bravery and authenticity. By removing the things that no longer serve her, she has made space for herself, her passion, and her happiness. Many people can identify with the chef's actions and the desire to find fulfillment and satisfaction in a simpler way of living. Hopefully, her choice will inspire others to do the same and focus on the essential things that bring them joy and contentment.