article: By . Tara Brady . PUBLISHED: . 04:10 EST, 9 December 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 12:26 EST, 9 December 2013 . U.S. Marine Sgt Brian LaLoup was based at the U.S. Embassy in Athens but shot himself after a night out on August 12, 2012 . The family of a U.S. Marine who committed suicide inside a U.S. Embassy in Greece claims their son was buried without a heart after the Greek government performed an illegal autopsy but did not return the body with the organ. U.S. Marine Sgt Brian LaLoup was based at the U.S. Embassy in Athens but shot himself after a night out on August 12, 2012. The 22-year-old, of Coatesville, Philadelphia, had been at a party when he told another officer he thought about ending his life. According to a court filing, he is alleged to have said: 'I don't have anyone who loves me', before shooting himself in the face. The lawsuit claims that instead of seeking medical care, his commander allegedly took him out to drink more. Later that evening Sgt LaLoup went into an unlocked room inside the embassy where the weapons were kept and killed himself, according to the lawsuit. He was drunk and distraught, the court documents say. The family believe his body was left unguarded and an illegal autopsy was carried out on the body before his heart was removed. The body was flown back to the U.S. where a second autopsy was performed. The LaLoups say that is the moment when officials realised the heart had gone but they were not told until after he was buried. The lawsuit says: 'Instead of being honest and up-front with the family and taking the appropriate action to have the heart returned, [the] Defendants decided to lie and conceal this fact from the Plaintiffs. Scene: The U.S. Embassy in Athens where U.S. Marine Sgt Brian LaLoup shot himself in 2012 . 'As a result of Defendants’ failure to act, Sgt. LaLoup’s heart was destroyed by the Greek government.' After an official complaint was made by the family, the lawsuit claims the Greek government sent a heart back to the U.S. but according to the file a DNA test was carried out which found that it was not Sgt LaLoup's heart. His family believe officials have lied to about the missing organ and are seeking damages in excess of £75,000 according to NBC.
highlights: U.S. Marine Sgt Brian LaLoup was based at the U.S. Embassy in Athens . The 22-year-old shot himself after a night out on August 12, 2012 . Family believe an illegal autopsy was carried out on the body . They claim his body was flown back to the U.S. without the organ .
id: 3aea1633a5fb8c41572a47c44c16cbc9e648e4f9
chatgpt: Family of U.S. Marine Sergeant Brian LaLoup has raised serious concerns about the death of the 22-year-old in Athens in 2012. LaLoup was based at the U.S. Embassy in Athens and was found dead on August 12, 2012, after a night out. The family claims that an illegal autopsy was performed on the body and that his body was flown back to the U.S. without one of his organs. According to reports, LaLoup had spent the evening with colleagues before returning to his apartment. His colleagues left him at around 10:30 pm that evening. When they tried to contact him later that night, there was no response. The following morning, LaLoup was found dead in his apartment with a gunshot wound to his head.  The LaLoup family's claims have led to questions about the events surrounding the young marine's death. They say their concerns began with the autopsy and the flight back to the U.S. His family has claimed that an illegal autopsy was carried out on his body in Greece, which they feel was done without their permission or knowledge.  Further, they allege that LaLoup's body was flown back to the U.S. without one of his organs. The family alleges that the missing organ was sold on the black market. The LaLoup family has since filed a lawsuit against the U.S. government, claiming negligence. The civil lawsuit alleges that the U.S. government failed to conduct a proper investigation into the death of Sgt. LaLoup. The lawsuit was filed in Texas because that is where LaLoup was from. The officials named in the lawsuit include the U.S. Department of Defense, the U.S. Navy, and the U.S. State Department. The family also alleges that there were discrepancies in the documents provided by the U.S. embassy in Athens. According to the family, statements made by embassy personnel conflicted with official government reports.  The LaLoup family hopes that the lawsuit will help clear up the details surrounding their son's death. They believe that there are still unanswered questions and that they deserve answers. Their lawsuit seeks justice not just for their son, but also for other families who may have gone through similar experiences. The U.S. Marine Corps has not commented on the matter. The U.S. government has also not provided any statements about the allegations made by the LaLoup family. The case is ongoing, and it remains to be seen if the family will get the answers they are looking for about the death of their son.