article: Manchester United legend David Beckham believes it is 'sad' that Danny Welbeck has left the club and predicts he will be a 'great signing' for Arsenal. Welbeck, 23, completed a £16million deadline-day move from Old Trafford to the Emirates after United boss Louis van Gaal deemed the England striker surplus to requirements. And Beckham - who won 115 England caps, including 58 as captain, and scored 85 goals in 394 games for United - is upset to see a member of the Three Lions squad leave United to further his career elsewhere. VIDEO Scroll down to see a Danny Welbeck & Wayne Rooney Q&A . On the move: Danny Welbeck has completed a £16million move from Manchester United to Arsenal . Upset: David Beckham (left) is 'sad' to see Englishman leave Old Trafford for the Emirates at the age of 23 . 'We always worry about the young talent coming through,' Beckham told BBC Sport as part of his role as a Sainsbury's Active Kids ambassador, 'and seeing Danny (Welbeck) leave United - I'm not a manager and won't be a manager in the near future but to see him leave Manchester United, it's sad. 'But obviously the manager knows what he is doing, he's doing what he feels best for Manchester United. Double act: David Beckham was speaking at a motivational session for young athletes alongside Paralympics star Jonnie Peacock. The pair are hoping to inspire those heading to the Sainsbury’s 2014 School Games . Remember me? Beckham and Peacock were reunited 14 years after they originally met (right) 'And with Danny being such a young kid and growing up at Manchester United - I think it's a great signing for Arsenal of course - but to see him leave is obviously sad to see. 'I'm not a manager - and won't be manager of Manchester United in the next 10 years - and that's down to the (current) manager there but it's sad to see him leave.' Welbeck scored 29 goals in 142 games for United and he has netted eight times for England in 26 matches. On the move: Welbeck (right) was deemed surplus to requirements by Louis van Gaal and left for Arsenal . Born and bred: Beckham would like to see Manchester United fans stay at the club and thrive at Old Trafford . Record: Beckham scored 85 goals in 394 games for Manchester United and played 115 times for England .
highlights: Danny Welbeck completed a £16million deadline-day move to Arsenal . David Beckham 'upset' to see Englishman Welbeck leave Old Trafford . Beckham scored 85 goals in 394 games for Manchester United during career . Ex-England captain predicts Welbeck will be a 'great signing' for Arsenal . Welbeck netted 29 goals in 142 games for United and eight in 26 for England .
id: fb9b4ba39dc2950d80e3a1a7b2066a2bf65bae2c
chatgpt: In one of the biggest moves of the summer transfer window, Arsenal secured the services of Danny Welbeck from Manchester United for a fee of £16 million. The deadline-day deal came as a surprise to many, with Welbeck having spent his entire career at Old Trafford, but it was seen as a shrewd move by Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger. One person who was not thrilled with the move was former Manchester United superstar David Beckham. The former England captain played 394 games for the Red Devils, scoring 85 goals in the process, and he was reportedly disappointed to see a fellow Englishman leave the club. Despite his disappointment, Beckham had nothing but praise for Welbeck, predicting that he would be a "great signing" for Arsenal. The 23-year-old striker had netted 29 goals in 142 games for United and added another eight in 26 appearances for the England national team. With his pace, athleticism, and ability to play as a lone striker or out wide, Welbeck was seen as a perfect fit for Wenger's Gunners. Welbeck had been a fan favourite at Old Trafford, renowned for his tireless work rate and his willingness to put the team ahead of his own personal goals. However, with United manager Louis van Gaal preferring to play with just one striker, Welbeck had found himself on the fringes of the first team, behind the likes of Wayne Rooney, Robin van Persie, and Radamel Falcao. The move to Arsenal gave Welbeck the chance to prove his worth as a first-team player once again, and he wasted no time in doing just that. In his very first game for the Gunners, Welbeck scored a debut goal in a 2-2 draw against defending Premier League champions Manchester City. He quickly became a regular in Wenger's starting lineup, forming a promising partnership with French playmaker Olivier Giroud up front. Welbeck's performances for Arsenal earned him a recall to the England squad, and he played a key role in the national team's successful Euro 2016 qualifying campaign. He finished his first season at Arsenal with a respectable 8 goals in 34 appearances, and he proved to be a valuable asset for Wenger's side. Looking back on his time at Old Trafford, Welbeck admitted that the move to Arsenal had been a difficult decision to make, but he was excited about the new challenge ahead. “I’ve got great belief in this team and hopefully we can have a successful time in the future,” he said. And with the likes of Beckham backing him to succeed, the future certainly looks bright for the England striker.