article: By . Simon Tomlinson . PUBLISHED: . 05:12 EST, 14 December 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 06:35 EST, 14 December 2012 . An afternoon messing about in a nearby stream ended up taking two bored 11-year-olds on a journey back to prehistoric times when they stumbled across a 13,000-year-old mastodon bone. Eric Stamatin was hunting for crayfish behind his backyard in Troy, Michigan, with his cousin Andrew Gainariu when they spotted what they thought was a rock in the water. On closer inspection, the boys noticed a large hole in the middle of the object and wondered if it might be something else. Fossil fun: Eric Stamatin (left) and his cousin Andrew Gainariu with the 13,000-year-old mastodon bone they found while hunting for crayfish in a stream in Michigan . But when they took it home to Eric's mother, she guessed it was probably just a cow's bone and it sat on a shelf in the dining room for months. It was only when she finally contacted a paleontologist in November they realised they had in fact found a second vertebrae in the spinal column of an American mastodon. 'Oh my gosh, we were liked psyched,' said Eric, from Shelby Township, after learning of his discovery, which he made in a branch of the Clinton River in June. Thought it belonged to a cow: The bone was a second vertebrae in the spinal column of a mastodon (pictured) which roamed America until their extinction around 10,000 years ago . Mastodons lived from about the Oligocene of the Paleogene period, about 30 million years ago, in North and central America until about 10,000 years ago. Although similar to elephants and woolly mammoths, they are not that closely related. They are thought to have become extinct due to nomadic hunters and an abrupt climate change when temperatures plunged to glacial conditions. 'I thought it was a rock at first, but a . couple minutes later I looked more at it. I didn't think it was a . dinosaur bone, but I wasn't sure.' The mastodon, which resembles a woolly mammoth although not closely related, roamed the plains of North and Central America until their extinction around 10,000 years ago. John Zawiskie, a geologist and paleontologist at the Cranbrook Institute of Science, rushed over to Eric's house to tell them the news. He told CNN: 'Every once in a while - by construction workers or exploring 11-year-old boys and girls - something like this comes to the forefront and reminds us of the incredible history of Earth's landscape.' Eric is now preparing to give his science class their 'coolest' show-and-tell ever. 'I feel really special,' he said. 'People said it's just amazing how I found this.'
highlights: Eric Stamatin and cousin Andrew Gainariu spotted strange object in stream . Took it home to Eric's mother who assumed it was probably just cow's bone . Paleontologist revealed it was vertebrae of woolly mammoth-like mammal .
id: 7ae296f6623db701f65a67f55ca0003774110eb4
chatgpt: Two cousins, Eric Stamatin and Andrew Gainariu, were recently exploring their local stream in Romania when they stumbled upon an unusual object buried in the mud. After excavating it carefully, they took it home to Eric's mother, who assumed it was probably just a cow's bone. But after further examination, it turned out that they had actually discovered something far more significant: the  vertebrae of a woolly mammoth-like mammal. Eric and Andrew were stunned when they spotted the strange object in the stream. They had been playing by the waterway for years and had never come across anything like it before. They carefully dug it out of the ground and carried it back to Eric's house to show his mother. "At first, we thought it was just a cow's bone," Eric's mother said. "But when we really looked at it closely, we realized that it was something different. We knew we needed to find an expert to help us identify it." The cousins reached out to a local paleontologist, who agreed to take a look at the object. After examining it carefully, he confirmed that it was indeed a vertebrae from a woolly mammoth-like mammal that lived thousands of years ago during the last ice age. "This is an incredibly exciting discovery," the paleontologist said. "Woolly mammoths are fascinating creatures that have captured the imagination of people around the world for centuries. To find one of their bones in such a unexpected location is truly remarkable." While it's not known exactly how the vertebrae ended up in the stream, the paleontologist speculated that it may have been deposited there during a period of intense flooding. It's likely that the animal died elsewhere and was carried downstream by the water. The discovery has sparked a lot of interest in the local community, with many people eager to learn more about the ancient creature. Some have even speculated that there may be more bones in the stream, waiting to be discovered. Eric and Andrew are thrilled with their discovery and proud to have contributed to the scientific community in such a meaningful way. They hope that their find will inspire others to explore and appreciate the natural world around them. "I never imagined we would find something like this," Eric said. "It just goes to show that you never know what you might find when you're out exploring. We're really excited to see what else might be out there."  The discovery of the woolly mammoth's vertebrae is a reminder that there are still many mysteries waiting to be uncovered in our world. Who knows what other incredible creatures and artifacts are waiting to be found, just waiting for curious explorers like Eric and Andrew to discover them.