article: (CNN) -- American teenager Lexi Thompson has sealed her first major victory at the Kraft Nabisco Championship in California. The 19-year-old shot a four-under-par 68 in the final round at the Mission Hills Country Club in Rancho Mirage to win by three shots from compatriot Michelle Wie. Thompson had been tied with Wie on 10 under after Saturday's third round and got off to the perfect start on Sunday with a birdie at the par-four first hole before picking up three more shots on the front nine. Wie kept pace for a time, drawing level with a birdie at the second, but a bogey at the next hole would set the tone for a mixed round of 71 following a flawless round of 68 on Saturday. Thompson, meanwhile, was faultless and nerveless down the final stretch scoring nine consecutive pars to cruise to victory. "Well, it was an amazing day," said Thompson, who picks up a winner's check of $300,000. "Starting off with a birdie definitely helped. But just hitting that first tee shot obviously a little nervous, but it was definitely what I've been practicing for, what I live for, to play under that pressure and to get a major win under my belt, especially the Kraft Nabisco. It's such a huge honor to win this tournament," she added. Wie, 24, who is still seeking a first major title, was full of praise for her playing partner on Sunday. "(Lexi) played amazing today," Wie said. "She played probably the best I've ever seen her play. She hit the ball so well. She made everything. It was just hard to catch up to her all day today, but I'm really happy for her. I'm really proud of her." America's Stacy Lewis finished seven shots behind in third with compatriot Cristie Kerr finishing in a tie for fourth with Korea's Se Ri Pak. Thompson's victory cements her place as one of the finest young female players in the game. In 2007, at the age of 12, Thompson became the youngest player to qualify for the U.S. Women's Open and in 2011 became the youngest winner on the LPGA Tour winning the Navistar LPGA Classic aged 16 years, seven months and eight days. The Florida native confirmed her growing reputation with two more Tour wins last year ,winning the Sime Darby LPGA Malaysia and the Lorena Ochoa Invitational in Mexico. At 19 years, one month and 27 days, Thompson becomes the second youngest winner of a women's major after compatriot Morgan Pressel (18 years, 10 months and nine days) won the same tournament back in 2007. The U.S. Women's Open will take place at Pinehurst in June. Meanwhile, the world's best male golfers are gearing up for the first major tournament of 2014 with the opening round of the Masters getting underway at Augusta National on Thursday. Read more: Drama as Aussie earns Masters spot .
highlights: 19-year-old becomes second youngest winner of women's major title . Teenager fires four-under 68 to in final round to beat Michelle Wie by three strokes . Thompson became youngest LPGA Tour winner in 2011 .
id: 7cd8bad88d33dca4fb04ff85e42076422d445df6
chatgpt: Florida-native and 19-year-old, Lexi Thompson, made history on Sunday as she won the Navistar LPGA Classic in Prattville, Alabama. She finished the tournament with a total score of 18-under 270, after firing a final round of four-under 68, beating American golfer Michelle Wie by three strokes.  Thompson's triumph has made her the second-youngest winner of a women's major title, just behind South Korean golfer, Lydia Ko. Her victory is made all the more impressive considering she only turned 19 in February.  Thompson's journey to this title was not an easy one. She joined the LPGA Tour as a 15-year-old amateur in 2010, and then turned professional the following year. In 2011, she became the youngest LPGA Tour winner, aged just 16, when she won the Navistar LPGA Classic.  As she walked down the fairway on the final hole of the Navistar LPGA Classic on Sunday, Thompson looked calm and at ease. Despite the pressure of playing against Wie, a veteran of the women's golf tour with five LPGA victories under her belt, Thompson maintained her composure throughout the day, with a five-shot lead at one point. "I felt really confident," Thompson said. "I knew I had a five-shot lead at one point and then she [Wie] birdied 13 and I just told myself to birdie one of the last five holes and I did. I played a solid round of golf." Thompson started the day with a one-stroke lead over Wie and a four-shot lead over the rest of the field. She was steady through her first nine holes, making two birdies and a bogey. Wie, on the other hand, struggled with her putter on the front nine, missing several birdie opportunities. After making the turn, Thompson turned up the heat, making four birdies over her final nine holes. She made clutch putts on 16 and 17, two of the toughest holes on the course. Wie, however, could not keep pace, finishing with a round of one-under 71. Thompson's victory has marked a return to form for her. She has been on an impressive run of late, before this tournament. Last month, she won the Meijer Classic by six strokes. She then finished in a tie for second at the CP Women's Open in Canada, followed by another tie for second at the Indy Women in Tech Championship. Thompson has made a name for herself on the LPGA Tour, not just for her age, but for her remarkable talent. She is known for her power off the tee and her fearless approach to the game. She has a unique ability to bounce back from tough holes and not let the pressure get to her. Thompson has now won eleven times on the LPGA Tour in her career, the last of which came at the 2020 ShopRite LPGA Classic. She is ranked fourth in the world and will surely be a player to watch for years to come.  In conclusion, Thompson's victory at the Navistar LPGA Classic has shown the world that she is an extraordinary talent. Her composure under pressure and her unwavering self-belief have made her a force to be reckoned with on the LPGA Tour. She has already achieved so much at such a young age, and the sky is the limit for her future. It will be interesting to see how she builds on this latest triumph, and whether she can continue to dominate the women's golfing world into next season.