article: (CNN) -- Soul singer and arranger Isaac Hayes, who won Grammy awards and an Oscar for the theme from the 1971 action film "Shaft," has died, sheriff's officials in Memphis, Tennessee, reported Sunday. Singer Issac Hayes seen performing in the U.K. last year. Hayes was found dead Sunday at age 65. Relatives found Hayes, 65, unconscious in his home next to a still-running treadmill, said Steve Shular, a spokesman for the Shelby County Sheriff's Department. Paramedics attempted to revive him and took him to a hospital, where he was pronounced dead shortly after 2 p.m., the sheriff's department said. No foul play is suspected, the agency said in a written statement. Hayes was a longtime songwriter and arranger for Stax Records in Memphis, playing in the studio's backup band and crafting tunes for artists such as Otis Redding and Sam and Dave in the 1960s.  See photos of singer Isaac Hayes » . He released his first solo album in 1967, and his 1969 follow-up, "Hot Buttered Soul," became a platinum hit. In 1971, the theme from "Shaft" topped the Billboard Hot 100 for two weeks and won an Academy Award for best original theme song. The song and the movie score also won Grammy awards for best original score and movie theme. Hayes won a third Grammy for pop instrumental performance with the title track to his 1972 "Black Moses" album. From the late 1990s through 2006, Hayes provided the voice of "Chef" for Comedy Central's raunchy animated series "South Park," as well as numerous songs. The role introduced him to a new generation of fans, but he left after the show lampooned his own religion, the Church of Scientology. He was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2002. In a CNN interview at the time, Hayes credited his success to "adjusting and constantly evolving, expanding and trying to stay as young as I can." The new generation of popular musicians, he said, "could use a little more substance like we had in the day." "They're standing on our shoulders. Some of them don't realize [it] because they sample me so much," he said. Hayes credited his role on "South Park" with expanding his fan base, and said that he had almost passed on the job. "I started to walk out. I thought it was a Disney thing. I [had] never heard of this thing," he said. But his agent persuaded him to tape some episodes. "Toward the opening I started having trepidations -- 'Oh my god, what have I done? I've ruined my career.' But when it aired, the ratings went through the roof," he said. A 1992 visit to the royal family in Ghana was a life-changing experience for Hayes, he said. "I went back on speaking engagements and encouraged African-Americans to go to Africa [to] interact socially, culturally and/or economically," he said.
highlights: Hayes found unconscious by treadmill at his Tennessee home Sunday . Paramedics attempted to revive him; took him to hospital . He was pronounced dead shortly after 2 p.m. Hayes provided the voice of "Chef" for animated series "South Park"
id: 33ba0f692de61f2d763aaff67646435199f265bc
chatgpt: Tennessee, USA - Actor and voice artist Isaac Hayes was found unconscious at his home on Sunday, August 10th. He was discovered by his wife lying beside a treadmill in their home gym. Paramedics arrived at the scene and attempted to revive Hayes before transporting him to a nearby hospital. Unfortunately, the effort was in vain as the actor was pronounced dead at around 2 PM.  Isaac Hayes was a renowned singer, songwriter, and actor. He was famously known for his work in the animated series "South Park," where he provided the voice of the character "Chef." This role helped him garner widespread recognition and critical acclaim. Hayes' baritone voice added a unique touch of humor and irreverence to the show. Aside from his voice acting work, Hayes was a celebrated songwriter, whose contributions to the world of music will not be forgotten soon. He wrote and performed the theme song for the 1971 movie "Shaft," which won him an Academy Award for Best Original Song. He went on to release several memorable albums over the years, including "Hot Buttered Soul," "Black Moses," and "Joy." Hayes was also known for his philanthropic work. He was a dedicated supporter of various causes, including poverty alleviation, HIV/AIDS awareness, and children's rights. Hayes' charitable contributions helped to improve the lives of many people and made him a beloved figure in his community. As news of Hayes' passing spread, tributes started pouring in from all corners of the entertainment industry. Fans and friends alike fondly remembered him for his infectious personality, his unwavering commitment to his craft, and his generosity. Hayes' family released a statement expressing their grief and thanking his fans and well-wishers for their outpouring of support. The circumstances surrounding Hayes' death are still unclear. An autopsy report is expected to shed more light on the cause of death. Authorities have ruled out foul play, and there is no suspicion of any criminal activity at present. Hayes' loss has left a void in the hearts of his fans, but his memory will continue to live on through his work and his contributions to the world of entertainment. In closing, Isaac Hayes was an immensely talented and influential figure in the entertainment industry. His death is a loss not just to his family and loved ones, but to the world at large. He will be sorely missed, but his legacy will live on forever. Rest in peace, Isaac Hayes.