article: By . Amanda Williams . PUBLISHED: . 13:39 EST, 5 March 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 02:51 EST, 6 March 2013 . An amorous tortoise managed to burn down the conservatory he lived in - killing both himself and his partner - while trying to mate after emerging from hibernation . It is believed Henry the tortoise knocked over his own heating lamp in his rush to get acquainted with his mate Alice, which in turn set fire to wood chippings and caused the blaze in his home in Thornaby, Teesside. His owner, Alf Clayton, believes Henry - who he described as 'a bit of a one' -  woke from hibernation and began chasing Alice around. The ruins left after amorous tortoise Henry knocked over his heating lamp while trying to mate with partner Alice. The blaze sadly killed the romantic pair when it broke just before 8pm on Saturday evening . Mr Clayton said: 'Henry had woken up and was trying to mate with his partner. 'He always was a bit of a one and had chased her around and must have knocked the heater over.' The heater set fire to wood shavings, destroying the conservatory and damaging the garage and its roof. Both Henry and Alice were killed in the fire. Mr Clayton, a retired local authority worker, said the tortoises were his wife Gayner's pride and joy. He said: 'She's devastated. 'Firefighters who attended said they would have perished from smoke inhalation and wouldn't have suffered.' He praised a neighbour who alerted the couple to the blaze before 8pm on Saturday night. Mr Clayton said: 'They spotted smoke coming out of our garage next to our home. 'My wife and I ran out. We managed to get the car out of the garage and then the conservatory, where the tortoises were, burst into flames. The heater set fire to wood shavings, destroying the conservatory and damaging the garage and its roof . 'There was no way we could get them out - it was too intense. We tried. 'It could have been so much worse.' Mr Clayton said they could easily have lost the garage and their car - and an adjoining playroom used by the couple's 15 grandchildren. Mrs Clayton works at Middlesbrough's Roseberry Park Hospital mental health centre. Neither pensioner was hurt, but Mr Clayton is contacting insurers and says the cost amounts to 'many thousands'. He said: 'If it hadn't been for our neighbour, it could have spread to our house. 'I also praise the fire brigade, who got here in minutes.' Fire crews from Thornaby attended the home to put the blaze out. A Cleveland Fire Brigade spokesman said the cause was accidental - an incubator lamp appeared to have set material alight.
highlights: Henry the tortoise knocked over his own heating lamp in his rush to mate . It set fire to nearby wood chippings and caused the blaze in his home . Both he and girlfriend Alice were killed in the flames . Owner Alf Clayton said the tortoise had 'always been a bit of a one'
id: db041db668cba7950902a03055f7b63aa15c92b2
chatgpt: In a tragic incident, Henry the tortoise and his girlfriend Alice perished in a fire that engulfed their home. The blaze was reportedly caused by Henry's clumsiness - he knocked over his own heating lamp in his haste to mate with Alice. The lamp set fire to some nearby wood chippings, leading to the devastating inferno. The incident took place in the home of their owner, Alf Clayton, who had been keeping the couple as pets for several years. Clayton was reportedly devastated by the loss of his beloved tortoises, who had become like family to him. "Henry had always been a bit of a one," he lamented, referring to the tortoise's cheeky and impulsive nature. "But we loved him all the same." The fire broke out in the early morning hours, and despite the efforts of local firefighters, the blaze quickly grew out of control. Clayton was awakened by the sound of the flames and rushed outside to find his home engulfed in smoke and flames. He tried desperately to save his pets, but it was too late - both Henry and Alice had succumbed to the smoke and heat. The news of the tortoises' tragic deaths has elicited an outpouring of sympathy and condolences from the local community. Many have expressed their sadness at the loss of the beloved pets, who were known for their sweet dispositions and gentle natures. In the aftermath of the fire, Clayton is left with the difficult task of rebuilding his home and his life without his beloved pets. He is reportedly devastated by the loss, but grateful for the outpouring of support and love from those around him. The incident serves as a tragic reminder of the dangers that can arise from even the smallest mistakes. In this case, Henry's haste and clumsiness led to a devastating and heartbreaking outcome. It is a cautionary tale for all pet owners to ensure that their animals are kept safe and secure at all times, and to take every possible precaution to avoid accidents and tragedies.