article: A Seattle woman was attacked and dragged 20 feet by a grizzly bear while working for a Canadian mining company in Alaska - but survived with minor only injuries. Julia Stafford, 20, a University of British Columbia student, smartly played dead after the bear knocked her - and a male colleague - over and on to the ground. Attacked: Julia Stafford was working for a Canadian mining company in Alaska when she - and a male colleague - were attacked by a grizzly bear . 'It bit my hand and kind of dragged me 20 feet over the rocks and just left me,' Stafford told The Fairbanks Daily News-Miner from her hospital bed while ironically holding - you guessed it - a teddy bear. 'I was worried I was going to die briefly, but it was fine once she let me go and ran away...It happened really quick.' The hair-raising encounter reportedly occurred about 1:30 p.m. Sunday afternoon - just two days after another grizzly bear ate a hiker in Denali National Park and Preserve. Dangerous Encounter: Stafford was reportedly dragged some 20 feet by the beast after it knocked her over - and then just as suddenly meandered away . It happened when Stafford and Kerry - his last name was not available - were collecting rock samples in the rain near a foggy ravine for Pure Nickel Inc., a Canadian company. 'The bear sort of walked out of the fog and it had two cubs with it,' Stafford told the News-Miner. 'We started walking uphill to get away from it and it started walking toward us. 'We stopped once we saw it was following us and tried to get the bear spray out but by then it was already running toward us. Striking Twice: The attack on Stafford and her colleague came only two days after hiker Richard White of San Diego was eaten by a bear in Denali National Park and Preserve . 'I was wearing gloves and they were wet and it was confusing,' she reportedly added. 'There was just not enough time to get the bear spray out.' Stafford, a geological engineering student, suffered cuts to her right hand and scratch marks on her back that required stitches. She told the News-Miner she will need surgery for a broken bone in her hand, as well. The attack happened two days after a lone backpacker in Denali  was killed by another grizzly bear that has since been fatally shot by an Alaskan state trooper. It was the first fatal bear mauling in the park's 95-year history, officials have said. Richard White, 49, of San Diego was killed after he brazenly violated the quarter-mile berth that hikers at the park are required to give bears. During that incident, officials said, White spent eight minutes taking photos  of his killer from a range of about 50 yards before the bear turned and attacked.
highlights: Julia Stafford survived the attack with only minor injuries, but will need surgery to repair a broken hand . The quick-thinking college student played dead after the bear knocked her over . Sunday attack comes only two days after backpacker Richard White was eaten by a bear in Denali National Park and Preserve .
id: 0079a0208cc54a8b1057ee8bd7fef1a1f51eaf28
chatgpt: In a shocking turn of events, a college student narrowly escaped a bear attack in Denali National Park and Preserve last Sunday. Julia Stafford, 20, was hiking alone in the park when a bear knocked her over, causing her to suffer a broken hand. Despite her injuries, Stafford managed to play dead, which ultimately saved her life. This harrowing incident occurred only two days after another hiker, Richard White, was tragically killed by a bear in the same park. These recent attacks have left visitors to the park on edge and park officials struggling to understand what led to such aggressive behavior from the bears. When recounting the events of her attack, Stafford described how the bear caught her off guard. "I was just walking along and out of nowhere, the bear charged at me," she said. "It was so fast, I didn't even have time to react." She added that the bear had hit her with such force that she was knocked off her feet, causing her to tumble to the ground and fracture her hand. However, Stafford's quick thinking likely saved her life. As soon as she hit the ground, she knew that she needed to play dead if she had any hope of surviving the attack. "I lay there perfectly still and just tried to control my breathing. I didn't move a muscle," she explained. Miraculously, the bear seemed to lose interest and ultimately walked away. Though Stafford suffered only minor injuries, she will require surgery to repair her broken hand. "I feel incredibly lucky to be alive," she said. "If I hadn't played dead, things could have ended up much differently." The recent attacks have left authorities and park officials questioning why these bears have become so aggressive. Some have speculated that the unusually warm weather this year may have disrupted their food sources, causing the bears to behave erratically. Others wonder if the increasing number of tourists visiting the park is contributing to the problem. In response to these incidents, park officials have issued a warning to all visitors advising them to exercise caution when hiking and to carry bear spray at all times. Additionally, they are stepping up their efforts to educate visitors on bear safety and are exploring ways to better monitor the bear population in the park. As for Stafford, she says that she won't let this incident keep her from returning to Denali National Park. "I love the outdoors and I refuse to let this experience get in the way of that," she said. "I'll just be sure to take extra precautions next time."