article: By . Matt Barlow . Follow @@Matt_Barlow_DM . Harry Redknapp’s remedy for England’s World Cup hangover is to stop trying to mimic their more successful European rivals and focus on producing football branded with their own national identity. After signing former England captain Rio Ferdinand, the Queens Park Rangers manager claimed there are plenty of quality players and wants to see Roy Hodgson forge them into a team based on attacking flair with the confidence to play out of defence. He said: 'I thought England were certainties to win what in my opinion was a very poor group. I was very surprised. Costa Rica winning the group tells you everything really. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Harry Redknapp hint that he'd still be interested in England job . Passionate: Redknapp didn't hold back when asked about his views on England's demise . Pointing the finger: Redknapp says England must develop their own style of play to be used from top to bottom . 'We have good players and we have a good manager. Don’t ask me what happens. We’ve had lots of good players and managers since 1966. But we are going to win the World Cup in Qatar so they say, in 40 degree heat.' Here was a swipe at FA chairman Greg Dyke who launched a nine-year plan last year to win the title by 2022 and the QPR boss, overlooked when Hodgson took the job two years ago, clearly has little faith in the FA to stop the slump. 'Germany won because Germany produce good players. It goes in cycles. 'France win the World Cup and we have to copy the French. Then it’s Spain, so we have to copy Spain. And then Germany. Quality: Redknapp says England must start playing from the back, just like he told Rio Ferdinand to do as a youngster . VIDEO Ferdinand completes QPR move . Backing: Despite England's latest setback Redknapp still believes Hodgson is a good manager . 'Let’s be ourselves. Let’s get the best players and decide what is England’s style of play and everyone should play the same way, down through the youth teams and employ people to work with the kids who want to play that way.'Play from the back, like I said to Rio Ferdinand when he was 16: ‘Come out with the ball, I don’t want to see you booting the ball up the pitch. You play and if you lose the ball I will take the blame because I’m telling you to play that way.'We have to do that with England and produce teams who play from the back. But the people involved in the younger England teams, are they people who want to play that way? I don’t know.'
highlights: The QPR boss believes England need to concentrate on developing their own national identity instead of copying other nations . Redknapp was shocked after England finished bottom of their World Cup group . He also questions if the right people are in charge of the youth set-up in the national team .
id: bbb54203c87a8d2ea1c1b344a4a86be6838f44e0
chatgpt: Queens Park Rangers (QPR) boss, Harry Redknapp, has called for England to concentrate on developing their own national identity in football, rather than trying to copy other countries. Redknapp's comments come after England's dismal World Cup campaign, which saw them finish bottom of their group. Speaking to reporters, Redknapp was shocked by England's performance in Brazil, and believes that the national team needs to start producing its own style of play, rather than trying to emulate the likes of Spain, Germany and Brazil. "I think we need to concentrate on developing our own national identity," said Redknapp. "We've been trying to play like Spain for the last few years, and it's just not working. We don't have the players or the culture to play like that." Redknapp's comments will no doubt come as a blow to England manager Roy Hodgson, who has been trying to implement a more possession-based style of play over the past few years. However, Redknapp seems to believe that this approach is misguided, and that England needs to focus on its own strengths. "English football has always been about pace, power and directness," said Redknapp. "We need to get back to playing that way if we're going to be successful in the future." Redknapp also raised concerns about the state of England's youth development system, and questioned whether the right people were in charge of producing the next generation of players. "I think we need to take a long, hard look at the people who are running the youth set-up," he said. "Are they really the best people for the job? I'm not so sure." Redknapp's comments will no doubt be seen as controversial by some within the English footballing establishment, but his experience in the game means that his opinions are highly respected. As QPR boss, Redknapp has helped to develop a number of young players over the years, and it's clear that he has a good understanding of what it takes to produce top-quality footballers. Whether his comments will lead to any changes in the way that the English game is run remains to be seen. However, there can be no doubt that Redknapp's voice will be heard, and that he will continue to be one of the most respected figures in English football.