article: Scotland head coach Vern Cotter has named Grant Gilchrist as captain of a 33-man squad heading into the autumn internationals. The Edinburgh lock, who twice skippered his country in the summer, will now lead the Scots into battle against Argentina, New Zealand and Tonga next month. Gilchrist is joined in the squad by five of his Edinburgh team-mates hot on the heels of their impressive 15-13 win at Bordeaux-Begles in the Challenge Cup on Friday. Grant Gilchrist (above) has been selected by coach Vern Cotter to lead Scotland in the Autumn internationals . Mark Bennett (above) of Glasgow Warriors is the only uncapped player in  Cotter's 33-man Scotland squad . But it is Glasgow Warriors, who emphatically upset much-fancied Bath 37-10 at the Scotstoun Stadium in the Champions Cup on Saturday, that account for 17 of the players selected. Mark Bennett scored two tries as the Warriors mauled their Aviva Premiership opponents and he is the only uncapped player included. Former Clermont Auvergne coach Cotter began his Scotland reign with three consecutive wins over the United States, Canada and Argentina in June before his side slumped to a heavy 55-6 defeat against South Africa in Port Elizabeth last time out. He will be looking for signs of development this autumn, with a rematch against the Pumas at Murrayfield on November 8, before they face the might of the All Blacks a week later at the same venue and then finish up against Tonga at Rugby Park, Kilmarnock, on November 22. Cotter, who won the Top 14 and was a Heineken Cup runner-up during an eight-year spell with Clermont, will have been boosted by the strong form of both Glasgow and Edinburgh as well as signs that Greig Laidlaw is finding his feet at Gloucester after moving to the English side in the summer. Scotland coach Cotter (above)is expecting three difficult tests in Scotland's autumn fixtures . 'We want to develop, and impose, our style, will, and strategy on our opposition. We want to play well, and enjoy playing in front of our home crowd,' he told the official Scottish Rugby website. 'Argentina will offer us a very stern test, especially at scrum time. They have good variety and move the ball well from nine, through the middle of the paddock and out the back. 'The All Blacks have just won the Rugby Championship and are the best team in the world, so we'll have to be on our toes.' He added: 'Tonga will be the final big test psychologically, having come through two big games, to play away from Murrayfield, and needing to put in a good performance at Rugby Park in Kilmarnock. 'It's essential that we show maturity, mental strength and adaptability throughout the series.'
highlights: Edinburgh lock Grant Gilchrist has captained Scotland twice before . He will lead Scotland against Argentina, New Zealand and Tonga . Mark Bennett is the only uncapped player in Vern Cotter's 33-man team .
id: 64dd55a6255350ea9cef6888137ed3cb85f5c14c
chatgpt: Scotland's national rugby team is heading into the autumn internationals with yet another change in leadership. Edinburgh lock Grant Gilchrist has been named as the squad's captain, taking on the role for the third time. He will lead the team against formidable opponents Argentina, New Zealand and Tonga. Gilchrist took over the captaincy from Greig Laidlaw, who retired from international rugby earlier this year. The lock has previously captained the team in two matches, both against Canada, and is seen as a natural choice for the role. He is a respected player, known for his physicality and strong leadership on the field. Head Coach Vern Cotter is confident in Gilchrist's ability to lead the squad through the tough matches ahead. "Grant is an experienced player who leads by example," Cotter said. "He has the respect of the entire squad and I am confident he will do a great job." Gilchrist will have his work cut out for him, as Scotland faces some of the toughest teams in the world during the autumn internationals. Argentina, New Zealand and Tonga are all renowned for their physicality and skill, and Scotland will need to be at their best to come out on top. Cotter has made a few changes to the squad for the upcoming matches, including the inclusion of Mark Bennett. Bennett is the only uncapped player in the 33-man team, and is known for his speed and agility on the field. Cotter is hoping the young centre will bring a fresh perspective to the team, and help them to get an edge over their opponents. The autumn internationals are always a challenge for Scotland, but the team is looking forward to the opportunity to test their mettle against some of the best teams in the world. With Gilchrist at the helm and Bennett bringing some new blood to the squad, Scotland is hoping to put in some strong performances and come away with some much-needed wins. The three matches will take place on November 8th, 15th and 22nd, with Scotland playing at home against Argentina and Tonga, and travelling to Murrayfield to face New Zealand. Fans will be eagerly watching to see how the team performs, and if Gilchrist can lead them to success once again.