article: (CNN) -- Federal investigators say they have joined Cleveland Police in their search for a serial rapist, thought to be linked to four rapes and a homicide dating back to 1996. "We're just hoping by reaching out to the media we can reach more people, and someone will recognize this guy," FBI Special Agent Vicki D. Anderson said Tuesday. "Obviously we don't want this guy out there making more victims." Anderson said forensic evidence has linked the man, who remains unidentified, to the four rape victims, one of whom was killed. Investigators said they discovered the woman's body in February 1997 in a secluded parking lot underneath a truck. The man's first known attack occurred in May 1996 when authorities say he allegedly abducted, raped and shot a woman, who survived the attack, according to an FBI statement. On June 18, 1998, the same man apparently raped another woman at knifepoint as she walked home in Cleveland. He allegedly raped again on December 8, 2010. Authorities say the man's current whereabouts are not clear. South Korea to chemically castrate rapist . "He's familiar with that area" said Anderson of the Kinsman area of Cleveland where all the attacks occurred. "It's not a touristy area, or the kind of place where somebody would just drive through to check things out." The suspect is described as an African-American man in his late 30s or early 40s, who is about 5 feet 8 inches tall and 150 pounds. The man is also believed to have a large scar on his cheek, authorities say. The FBI is offering a $10,000 reward for information that will lead to his arrest and prosecution, asking the public to call 1-800-CALL-FBI or the Cleveland Police Department at 216-623-5630. Police say Los Angeles' 'teardrop rapist' has returned .
highlights: Cleveland authorities say they are searching for a serial rapist . Three of the women survived the assaults . One women was killed; her body was found in 1997 .
id: 5b1ee118bb7332996db78e7427dda4ee7dfa877e
chatgpt: Cleveland police are on the hunt for a serial rapist who has been terrorizing women in the area. Three women have survived assaults from the perpetrator, who has managed to elude authorities and strike again. Unfortunately, one victim was not so lucky, as her body was discovered back in 1997. The attacks have left the community on edge as law enforcement urges residents to be cautious and report any suspicious activity immediately. Authorities believe the same person is responsible for all four incidents and are asking for the public's help in identifying the suspect. The first attack occurred in 1996 when a woman was assaulted but managed to fight off her attacker. The following year, the body of a female victim was found, and evidence indicated that she had been raped and murdered. In 2018, two more women were attacked, but both managed to survive their assaults. Police have been working diligently to find the perpetrator, and the surviving victims have been providing information and descriptions to aid in the investigation. The serial rapist is believed to be targeting women walking alone at night and choosing secluded areas to carry out his attacks. Law enforcement is warning women to be aware of their surroundings and to take precautions such as walking with a friend or taking public transportation instead of walking alone at night. The Cleveland Police Department is dedicating all necessary resources to the investigation, working around the clock to put an end to the attacker's reign of terror. Anyone with information related to the case is urged to contact authorities immediately. As the search for the serial rapist continues, the community is banding together to look out for one another and ensure that everyone is safe. Cleveland residents are determined to see justice served and put an end to this horrific crime spree.