article: By . Bianca London . PUBLISHED: . 09:01 EST, 16 April 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 09:01 EST, 16 April 2013 . Accomplished designer, respected film director and all round king of cool, Tom Ford has long been the fashion man who can do no wrong. But earlier this year the catwalk designer felt the sharp edge of the critics' tongues after unveiling a Rihanna-inspired collection for autumn/winter 2013. Many argued that Ford's elite customer would not want to dress like the provocative singer. Candid: Usually one to shy away from interviews, Tom Ford has divulged his true feelings about the fashion world in a candid new interview . Talking to WWD about the reaction to his collection, he said: 'Whenever I’m working on a collection, everything does have to be real, and those outfits are real to me. 'And I think, OK, that’s Rihanna, and she’s going to her lawyer’s office in that all-black outfit and she’s hungover and that’s why she’s wearing those glasses. Yet she’s still a rock star.' Inspiration: When Ford unveiled his Rihanna-inspired collection, he was met with criticism. Rihanna wore one of his designs to the Met Ball (pictured) 51-year-old Ford, who gained international fame for his turnaround of the Gucci fashion house and the creation of his eponymous label, also hit out at high-street giant Zara. With a little help from the Duchess of Cambridge, Zara have gained plaudits for their on-trend collections, which have led to profits of £1.6bn this year alone. But Ford revealed that many designers deplore Zara for taking runway looks and selling them instore months before they hit designer rails. Knock-off: Ford slammed high-street giant Zara for replicating catwalk designs . Famous fan: The Duchess of Cambridge has long championed Zara, which helped boost their reputation and sales . 'A lot of the things I did - it's not going . to sound anything but egotistical - if I’m lucky and I did the right . thing, they will be at Zara way before I can get them in the store, and I . don’t like that,' he said. Ford, who has previously opened up about his internal battle between the inherently materialistic nature of his job and seeking a more simple life, added: 'I’m in a totally different place. I don’t drink, I don’t smoke. 'I’m not the guy who’s designing clothes for someone who is doing lines of coke off the table, like I was when I was at Gucci and Saint Laurent.' Fathers: Tom Ford, far right, has been in a relationship with Richard Buckley, for 25 years. The two had son Alexander John Buckley Ford in September 2012 .
highlights: Notoriously discreet Ford opens up in candid interview . Said designers deplore Zara for their 'knock-off' designs . Revealed he worked for people doing 'lines of coke off a table' at Gucci .
id: dae74e999a7cc8a895b4ad60af22db4c631a9f5a
chatgpt: Ford Motor Company's founder, Henry Ford, was known for his tight-lipped approach to business operations, but current CEO Tom Ford has broken the mold by opening up in a recent interview. During the candid conversation, Ford shared his candid thoughts on a variety of topics, including his disdain for fast fashion giant Zara. According to Ford, the company's designers "deplore" Zara for creating knock-off designs of their original creations. He went on to say that while Ford produces high-end luxury goods, Zara "stole" their designs and produced cheap copies. In discussing his early career, Ford shared a surprising revelation about his time at Gucci. "I was working for people doing lines of coke off a table," he said. While Ford did not expound on who these individuals were, he suggested that it was a common practice within the fashion industry during that time. Despite Ford's candor, he remained tight-lipped on certain aspects of his company's future direction. When asked about plans to develop autonomous vehicles, Ford stated only that the company was "working on it." In contrast, Ford was forthcoming about his commitment to sustainability. He revealed that the company is striving to reduce its environmental footprint, such as by increasing the use of recycled materials in manufacturing. He added, "We need to step up to help protect the planet for our grandchildren's grandchildren." In discussing his own experiences as an openly gay man in the business world, Ford admitted that it can be challenging. He explained that some people have difficulty with him because they are "scared of anything different." At the same time, Ford emphasized the importance of being true to oneself and of championing diversity and inclusion. Despite the challenges, Ford remains committed to his vision for the company. He expressed his desire to continue producing high-quality luxury goods while also focusing on sustainability and social responsibility. "We want to create products that people will love and cherish for years to come," he said. Overall, Ford's candid interview provided insight into both his personal and professional philosophies. While some of his revelations may be surprising, they demonstrate his commitment to the fashion industry, sustainability, and his own personal beliefs. As Ford continues to lead his company, it will be interesting to see how these values translate into his future business decisions.