article: London, England (CNN) -- Whovians across the world can rejoice as the BBC confirms the discovery of nine lost "Doctor Who" episodes from the 1960s in Africa. The treasure-trove of missing episodes were traced to a relay station in Jos, Nigeria via Hong Kong using overseas shipment records by Philip Morris, director of Television International Enterprises Archive. "I remember wiping the dust off the masking tape on the canisters and my heart missed a beat as I saw the words 'Doctor Who,'" said Morris. "When I read the story code I realized I'd found something pretty special." Ending weeks of speculation, the announcement was made at a press screening in London Thursday attended by former companion actors Frazer Hines, Deborah Watling -- who appeared in the recovered episodes -- and Mark Gatiss, who has both written and acted in the show in recent years. The lost black and white stories are episodes from "The Enemy of the World" and "The Web of Fear" featuring Patrick Troughton as the second iteration of the time-traveling Doctor. The "Web of Fear" -- first broadcast in 1968 -- sees the eccentric chrononaut battling robot yetis on the London Underground and was also the first appearance of Nicholas Courtney as Colonel Lethbridge-Stewart. While introducing the episode in front of around 70 excited reporters Gatiss said: "It's the quintessential 'Doctor Who' story ... the most British thing you could ever imagine." During the 1960s it was common practice by television companies to erase videotapes of original episodes much to the dismay of fans today. Yet some classic installments were distributed internationally for foreign broadcasters to purchase. In 2011, two episodes were rediscovered by former TV engineer Terry Burnett after he bought them at a school fair. Morris described the newly materialized episodes as "the largest haul of missing episodes recovered in the last 25, maybe 30 years" and now brings down the number of remaining lost episodes to 97. The find is a fitting gift for fans of the long-running show as the British cult science-fiction series celebrates its 50th anniversary on November 23. Inez Torre contributed to this report.
highlights: Nine lost "Doctor Who" episodes from the 1960s have been found in Africa . The rediscovered episodes feature Patrick Troughton as the second doctor . The long-running science-fiction show celebrates 50th anniversary in November .
id: fe3f6c0f495b2a538a343c40527e938e6f5c1d56
chatgpt: In a surprise announcement today, it was revealed that previously lost episodes of the popular science-fiction show, Doctor Who, from the 1960s have been discovered in Africa. The rediscovered episodes include nine featuring Patrick Troughton, the actor who played the second incarnation of the Doctor. The news will no doubt be met with excitement from Doctor Who fans around the world. The episodes, which were thought to have been lost forever, were discovered by a team of researchers who had been scouring the archives of television stations in Nigeria. It is not yet clear how the episodes ended up in Africa, as the original tapes were thought to have been destroyed many years ago. However, it is believed that copies of the episodes were sent to African countries for broadcast in the 1960s. The episodes were first broadcast in the UK in the mid-1960s and have not been seen since their original transmission. Doctor Who fans have long been hoping for the rediscovery of "missing episodes", and this latest find is sure to delight many of them. Patrick Troughton played the second Doctor from 1966 to 1969 and was widely regarded as one of the best incarnations of the character. His tenure included some of the most memorable storylines in the show's history, and his portrayal of the Doctor has continued to be celebrated by fans to this day. Doctor Who has been a popular fixture of British television for over 50 years, and the show's 50th anniversary will be celebrated in November of this year. The discovery of the lost episodes is a timely reminder of the enduring popularity of the show and the importance of its heritage. The rediscovered episodes will be restored and made available for viewing by fans in due course. It is anticipated that they will be released on DVD and also made available for streaming online. The news of the discovery has been greeted with excitement by Doctor Who fans around the world, many of whom have been waiting for years for the return of the lost episodes. The discovery is a major event in the history of the show, and further discoveries may yet be made in other parts of the world.