article: (CNN) -- Serbia and France are tied at 1-1 after the first day of the Davis Cup final after sharing the opening singles rubbers in Belgrade. Gael Monfils put France ahead with an emphatic 6-1 7-6 6-0 win over Janko Tipsarevic before Novak Djokovic brushed aside Gilles Simon 6-3 6-1 7-5 to level for the hosts. Djokovic hit a blistering 62 winners for his sixth win out of six in singles ties for Serbia this year as they bid for their first Davis Cup title. The world number three was always in command against Simon, who had been handed the second French singles berth in the place of the injured Jo-Wilfried Tsonga and to the roars of the capacity home crowd won in two hours 18 minutes. "Definitely it's an advantage for the home team playing in front of their people. To be able to have this support is really relevant," Djokovic told the official Davis Cup website.. Earlier, the in-form Monfils silenced a partisan home crowd by thrashing Janko Tipsarevic in the opening singles rubber on Friday. Serbian tennis completes transformation . Speaking to France 3 TV, Monfils said: "I got into the match straight away and that helped settle me. "I'm really happy with the result. Janko started off with two double faults and straight away I saw that he was tense. That helped me to relax a little." Tipsarevic has often been the hero for Serbia in Davis Cup over recent years, but he was subjected to booing from some of his own fans as he capitulated in a one-sided third set. Saturday's doubles rubber will see Michael Llodra and Arnaud Clement of France take on Serbian duo Nenad Zimonjic and Viktor Troicki, but Djokovic could be drafted in at short notice to bolster the home team. His match with world number 12 Monfils in Sunday's reverse singles is also set to have a strong influence on the outcome.
highlights: NEW: Novak Djokovic beats Gilles Simon in straight sets to level Davis Cup final at 1-1 . Gael Monfils thrashes Janko Tipsarevic in straight sets in the opening singles rubber . Saturday sees doubles action with reverse singles on Sunday .
id: 0d12ca4a1119200dcea6c86c625413aa25404f32
chatgpt: In a thrilling Davis Cup final between France and Serbia, Novak Djokovic emerged victorious over Gilles Simon in straight sets, leveling the tie at 1-1 on day one of the tournament. The match was held at the Pierre Mauroy stadium in Lille, France, which was packed with passionate fans eager to witness their team's success. Djokovic, the world number one, showed his class from the outset, breaking Simon's serve in the opening game. The Frenchman tried to keep up the pace, but Djokovic's superior technique and tactical mastery proved too much for him. The Serbian's powerful forehand and serve were on full display, leaving Simon struggling to find a foothold in the match. Djokovic eventually closed out the match 6-3, 6-1, 6-4 after just two hours and eight minutes. Earlier in the day, Gael Monfils had given France the lead by beating Janko Tipsarevic in straight sets in the opening singles rubber. Monfils, who had been struggling with injury in recent weeks, produced a dominant performance against Tipsarevic, the Serbian number two. The Frenchman's trademark athleticism and power were too much for his opponent, and Monfils cruised to a 6-2, 6-4, 7-6 victory in just over two hours. Saturday's doubles match promises to be another closely contested affair, with both teams boasting strong pairs. France are expected to field Julien Benneteau and Nicolas Mahut, while Serbia will likely deploy Nenad Zimonjic and Viktor Troicki. Sunday's reverse singles could be the decisive factor in this thrilling tie. Djokovic will face Monfils, while Simon is set to take on Tipsarevic. Both matches promise to be hard-fought affairs, with each player determined to come out on top and lead their team to Davis Cup glory. With the tie evenly poised at 1-1, both teams will be eager to gain the advantage on day two. The Davis Cup final is always a special occasion, and this year's edition is no exception. Fans around the world will be tuning in to witness the drama unfold, as two great tennis nations battle it out for the coveted trophy.