article: By . Jill Reilly . PUBLISHED: . 11:23 EST, 31 July 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 14:34 EST, 31 July 2012 . You don't have to be a heavy-set adult to enjoy a spot of Japanese sumo-wrestling as these fiercely competitive schoolchildren prove. Boys of all shapes and sizes competed at the National Children's Sumo Tournament in Tokyo. The crowd roared with delight when pint-sized Hayato Matsunaga defeated an opponent who was bigger than him. Boys don't cry: One of the competitors at the National Children's Sumo Tournament in Tokyo reacts with an expressive face after a bout . Victory: Hayato Matsunaga walks back across a sumo ring after he defeated an opponent who is bigger than him . Some of the more slight competitors may not have the bulk of their bigger counterparts, but they can still outmanoeuvre their opponents. The . keen youngsters are among dozens of Japanese wrestlers taking part in . the annual competition, which is popular with sporting fans across the . country. The Japanese consider Sumo a modern martial art, even though the sport has a history spanning back several centuries. Sporting fun: The keen youngsters are among 300 Japanese wrestlers taking part in the annual competition, which is popular with sporting fans across the country . Sumo wrestling is a national . obsession in Japan where the giant competitors, known as rikishis, are . seen as national heroes and become unlikely sex symbols. Full-sized . wrestlers can weigh well over 250kg and in order to stay in fighting . shape they need to consume a whopping 20,000 calories a day. As well as their enormous meals the wrestlers top up by downing around six pints of beer at every mealtime. Fighting face: The competitors attempt to heave each other out of the ring . Rest: Although their faces were fraught with concentration and exertion during the matches, they boys smiled as they watched other opponents compete . Someone has to win: Kaito Igarashi reacts after he lost his bout at the competition . Although the sport of Sumo has been practised for over 1000 years the Japanese consider its a modern martial art. The bouts take place in a circular . ring known as a dohyō and the winner is the first wrestler to force his . opponent to step out of the ring or to force them to touch the ground . with any part of their body other than the bottom of their feet. Tradition is extremely important and . before each bout the wrestlers perform a ritual known as the Shiko . exercise where they stomp their feet in order to drive away evil . spirits. Warming up: The first boy to touch the ground with any part of his body other than the soles of his feet loses the bout, which typically lasts less than a minute . Support: Proud parents cheer and clap from the sidelines at Sunday's competition .
highlights: Boys of all shapes and sizes competed at the National Children's Sumo Tournament in Tokyo .
id: 31c18f6352dffe0e206d972c098d8a63e84d8c28
chatgpt: Boys from all corners of Japan flocked to Tokyo to participate in the National Children's Sumo Tournament, held on Sunday. The competition was a display of sheer physical might as the young athletes, of all shapes and sizes, engaged in bouts of intense wrestling. The event was a celebration of the strength and discipline fostered by the ancient Japanese sport, which has been gaining popularity among the nation's youth. The competition was open to boys between the ages of 7 and 12, and was held at the Ryogoku Kokugikan, the same stadium where professional sumo tournaments are held. Nearly 150 young athletes competed in the tournament, displaying their skills and strength on the dohyo, a clay ring similar to that of the professional level. The young wrestlers performed their techniques with utmost precision and maximum force, to the cheers of the energetic audience. "It's amazing to see how much these kids have grown in terms of their skills and abilities," said Takaaki Katsuda, a veteran sumo wrestler and coach. "The sport has been gaining popularity in recent years, and it's great to see the passion and dedication that these young athletes have for it." The tournament was divided into five weight categories, ranging from under 30kg to over 50kg. Some of the young wrestlers were as small as eight-year-old Yuma Hirai, who weighed in at just 26kg. "I love sumo because it's a sport where you can use your size and strength to your advantage," said Hirai, who won his match in the under-30kg category. At the other end of the spectrum was 12-year-old Takuto Ishikawa, who competed in the over-50kg category. "I've been doing sumo for five years now, and I love the feeling of being able to push my opponent out of the ring," said Ishikawa, who ultimately won his weight class. While the tournament was a display of the incredible physical strength and skill of the young athletes, coaches and organizers were quick to emphasize the discipline and responsibility that sumo instills in its practitioners. "Sumo is not just about being strong or winning matches," said Katsuda. "It's about discipline, respect, and being a good person both on and off the dohyo." Many of the young athletes paid tribute to their coaches, who have been instrumental in their sumo training. "My coach has taught me so much about the sport and how to be a good wrestler," said 10-year-old Taro Saito, who won his match in the under-40kg category. Yet the tournament was not without its share of drama and excitement, as young wrestlers exchanges intense bouts of strength and strategy. At times, the action was so intense that some of the young wrestlers pushed each other out of the dohyo and into the crowd, eliciting gasps and cheers from the audience. Despite the intense competition, the tournament was ultimately a celebration of the discipline and camaraderie fostered by the sport of sumo. "I'm so proud of all these young athletes," said Katsuda. "They've worked so hard to get here, and they've shown incredible dedication and sportsmanship. Who knows, maybe one day we'll see some of these kids competing at the professional level."