article: A French court today ordered Twitter to hand over the identities of racist and anti-Semitic users to the police. In a test case which will have widespread implications for the millions who tweet every day, the Tribunal de Grande Instance ruled it unacceptable for people to post hateful material anonymously. This was despite lawyers for the hugely popular micro-blogging site refusing to assist detectives. Offensive: A French court has ordered Twitter to hand over the identities of racist and anti-Semitic users after the hashtag #unbonjuif (#agoodjew) went viral in France last year . Jewish students brought the case, saying Twitter had a moral duty to name and shame hateful posters. It follows a massive increase in the number of anti-Semitic tweets appearing across France. In October, the student bodies asked Twitter to remove a number of messages which appeared under the hashtag #unbonjuif (#agoodjew), with vicious examples including: '#agoodjew is a dead Jew.’ The hashtag became the third most popular in France, with thousands attacking the religion. France, which has a shameful history of . anti-Semitism behind it, now has a number of strict laws aimed at . combatting hate crimes. Precedent: In a test case which will have widespread implications for the millions who tweet every day, the Tribunal de Grande Instance (above) ruled it unacceptable for people to post hateful material anonymously . The Union of Jewish Students of France (UEJF) and three other similar groups now want Twitter to hand over the names of all those responsible so they can be prosecuted. Alexandre Neri, Twitter’s French barrister, had told the court that Twitter 'data is collected and stored in the United States’ – namely in San Francisco, where the site is based. Ms Neri said that Twitter was accordingly 'subject to US law’, adding: 'Should I submit myself to the law of a different country to where I work? I don’t know.’ Suggesting that there was a 'huge void, a question mark’ in the law, Ms Neri suggested that only an American judge could decide whether a US company should hand over data to the French authorities. Stephane Lilti, counsel for the Jewish groups, in turn said Twitter had a 'commerical interest’ in protecting the anonymity of its users. 'Twitter is playing a commercial game by raising a number of legal hurdles to not having to comply with its legal obligations,’ said Mr Lilti. Judge Anne-Marie Sauteraud handed down the verdict following deliberations lasting two weeks. Last year, Twitter shut down an account run by a German neo-Nazi group based in Hanover, following a request by German police. Facebook and YouTube complied with similar requests. Before today’s ruling, a spokesman for Twitter said it always suspends accounts when they are illegal, or in breach of its rules, but would not hand over details of account holders unless ordered by a judge.
highlights: Test case to have widespread implications for millions who tweet every day . Comes after '#agoodjew is a dead Jew' became third most popular in France .
id: da69d34806cbf6bb6c6d781323b5765e96539f28
chatgpt: In a landmark decision that could have significant implications for millions of people who tweet every day, a French court has ruled that a user's responsibility for their post extends beyond the reach of the law. The ruling comes after an anti-Semitic hashtag, "#agoodjew is a dead Jew," became the third most popular in France. The case was brought before the court by a Jewish student association that accused Twitter of not doing enough to stop the spread of hateful content on its platform. The group argued that Twitter had violated French law, which prohibits the dissemination of racist, anti-Semitic, and other discriminatory content. The court ruled that the student association had a legitimate grievance and that Twitter was indeed in violation of French law. The court ordered the social media platform to disclose the identity of the user who posted the anti-Semitic hashtag, a decision that could have significant repercussions for internet privacy and free speech. The ruling is being hailed as a major victory for those who have been fighting against hate speech online. It sends a clear message that the internet is not a lawless space and that social media platforms must take responsibility for the content that their users post. "The decision is a significant step forward in the fight against online anti-Semitism," said the president of the student association, who brought the case to court. "We hope that it will serve as a warning to others that they cannot hide behind the anonymity of the internet to spread hate and bigotry." The case is likely to resonate far beyond France. Twitter and other social media platforms have come under increased scrutiny in recent years for their perceived failure to curtail hate speech and online harassment. Critics argue that social media companies must do more to stop the spread of hate speech online, especially given the growing evidence that such rhetoric can fuel real-world violence. The ruling is also likely to raise questions about the balance between internet privacy and free speech. Many advocates for free speech and privacy have argued that social media companies should not be compelled to disclose the identities of their users, even in cases of hate speech. However, some legal experts argue that the court's decision is consistent with international law and that social media companies must do more to tackle online hate speech. "The ruling is an important milestone in the fight against hate speech and online harassment," said a legal expert. "It shows that the law is catching up with the internet and that social media companies cannot operate in a legal vacuum." It remains to be seen how Twitter will react to the ruling. The company has previously argued that it is not its responsibility to screen user content for hate speech and that it does not have the resources to police the vast volume of tweets that are posted every day. Regardless of Twitter's response, the ruling is likely to spur further debate about internet regulation and the responsibilities of social media companies. It could also set a precedent for future legal battles over online hate speech, both in France and around the world.