article: By . Ruth Styles . PUBLISHED: . 06:56 EST, 2 September 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 05:47 EST, 3 September 2013 . A teenager has lost a whopping seven stone after discovering she was too plump to fit into her prom dress. At 17st, Amy Pratt, now 20, was unable to fit into her size 24 frock, the biggest dress available. Distraught, she decided to join WeightWatchers in a bid to shed a stone and squeeze into her gown in time for the prom. Four years on, 5ft 7in Amy is now a slimline 10st and will appear on the cover of WeightWatchers' glossy magazine. Amy Pratt, 20, lost more than 7st after being unable to fit into a size 24 prom dress . Amy, from Tameside in Greater Manchester, joined WeightWatchers in 2009 as a last resort after years of feeling uncomfortable in her own skin. The teenager had fallen into a vicious circle of comfort eating and faddy dieting in a bid to quell feelings of self-doubt and as a result weighed more than 17st at the age of 16. 'It was hard going to that first class, especially as I hadn’t weighed myself in a very, very long time,' revealed Amy. 'But after I stood on the scales, uncomfortable though it was, I felt relieved. The prom was eight weeks away and I just wanted to fit into that dress.' By the time prom day arrived, the dress was too big. 'I lost half a stone in the first week,' she adds. 'That was such a big incentive. 'Seeing the changes in my body motivated me to continue after the prom. It wasn’t always easy. There are times when you feel fed up after trying really hard and you only lose 1lb in a week. It’s the small changes that make a big difference and focusing on portion size.' Amy piled on the pounds after falling into a vicious cycle of overeating and faddy diets . Amy then went on to lose more than seven stone gradually over two years and looks every inch the model as she graces the cover of WeightWatchers magazine. During the photoshoot in London, Amy was also given the chance to meet the slimming organisation's ambassador, actress Patsy Kensit. Amy, who works in business administration at the Co-operative Group’s head office in Manchester, said: 'I didn’t have much confidence before and I’m sure losing weight contributed to me getting my job. 'I’m the happiest I’ve ever been. I enjoy my job and I’ve got a boyfriend. Life’s great.' Amy’s WeightWatchers leader Eleanor Murdoch added: 'Amy has shown a quiet and steady determination to reach her goal even when faced with the ups and downs that life throws at you. 'She has grown into a confident and beautiful young woman who is an inspiration to myself, her fellow members and her work colleagues, friends and family.'
highlights: Amy Pratt, 20, an administrator from Manchester, tipped the scales at 17st . She joined WeightWatchers after being unable to fit into a size 24 dress . Had fallen into a vicious cycle of comfort eating followed by crash diets .
id: a615b1cfc30e57cd2c2a5e5615907f2b30b9e5cd
chatgpt: A young woman from Manchester has managed to shed an astonishing amount of weight after being unable to fit into a size 24 dress. Amy Pratt, 20, had tipped the scales at a hefty 17st and had fallen into a vicious cycle of comfort eating and crash diets. However, after joining WeightWatchers, Amy has finally managed to take control of her life and turn her health around. Amy, who works as an administrator, had always struggled with her weight, but it wasn't until she was unable to fit into a size 24 dress that she really started to take notice. "I knew I had to do something," Amy said. "I was so unhappy with the way I looked and felt, and I knew that if I didn't make a change, things were only going to get worse." For Amy, the road to weight loss was not an easy one. She had tried crash diets in the past, but had always found that she would eventually slip back into bad habits. It wasn't until she joined WeightWatchers that she found the support she needed to make a lasting change. "WeightWatchers gave me the tools I needed to make healthier choices," Amy said. "I learned about portion control, healthy eating habits, and the importance of exercise. But more than that, I found a community of supportive, like-minded individuals who were all working towards the same goal." Over the course of several months, Amy slowly but surely began to make progress. She started incorporating more fruits and vegetables into her diet, cutting back on sugar and processed foods, and hitting the gym a few times a week. "It wasn't easy," Amy admitted. "There were days when I just wanted to give up and go back to my old ways. But having the support of WeightWatchers and my fellow members really helped to keep me on track." And it paid off. Today, Amy has lost an incredible 7st and is now a size 10. She looks and feels better than ever before, and is grateful for the opportunity to take control of her health and wellbeing. "I never thought I could do it," Amy said. "But with the help of WeightWatchers, I proved myself wrong. I'm so proud of what I've accomplished, and I know that I'll be able to maintain this healthier lifestyle for years to come."