article: (CNN)  -- Inter Milan coach Jose Mourinho claims Barcelona's "obsession" with winning the Champions League on the ground of their arch-rivals Real Madrid will hinder their chances of beating his side in their semifinal second showdown. Inter hold a 3-1 lead going into Wednesday's match at the Nou Camp and Mourinho could not resist a pre-match swipe at the Catalan giants, who would become the first side to retain the Champions League in its present format. But Mourinho, an acknowledged master in pre-match "mind games", is convinced that the pressure of expectation will work against last season's triple winners. "We have a team of older players, with many over 30, and we hope that we will be able to cope with the atmosphere. It is one thing, though, to follow a dream and it is another to have an obsession," he told gathered reporters. Schalke's Magath set to work a new miracle . "For Barca it is an obsession," added Mourinho, who was accompanied by tight security as he returned to the club where he began his coaching career under Bobby Robson. "A dream is more pure than an obsession, an obsession is more about pride. Barca achieved a dream winning the Champions League in Paris and Rome last year but this time it is more about Madrid and playing at the Santiago Bernabeu, this is an obsession." Mourinho, who claimed the Champions League during his spell at Portuguese giants Porto, realizes that Inter are also desperate to triumph in Europe's premier club competition having last won it in 1965. "I can't say for me it is a personal dream as I have won it before but I want to win it for Inter as it is more than 40 years since they got to the final. "If I can help Mr Moratti (the Inter president), if I can help the players and if I can contribute a little bit as coach to achieve this dream then I would be very happy." Inter will be without the suspended Dejan Stankovic but Mourinho indicated that he would likely take a gamble on key midfielder Wesley Sneijder, who has a slight hamstring strain. "We will see if he can play for 90 minutes as there is still a small problem. We have other important games in the league but I am ready to risk him as everything will be decided tomorrow," said Mourinho. Barcelona coach Pep Guardiola said his team were merely focused on earning a final clash against Bayern Munich, who beat Lyon 4-0 on aggregate in the first semifinal. "It's a game of football, not a magic night, and we have to be ourselves -- we will go out and try to generate as many chances as we always do," he said. "We don't know if we are capable of turning this around, but we will give everything against a great team to try and get to the final," he added.
highlights: Inter Milan hold 3-1 lead ahead of Champs League semifinal 2nd leg against Barcelona . Inter coach Jose Mourinho says Barca are 'obsessed' with winning final at Real Madrid's home ground . Barcelona would become first club to retain Champions League in current format . Barcelona coach Pep Guardiola refuses to be drawn on Mourinho's comments .
id: 33c0b9ba7a7bc9001e9819de4d5942e911d1d33f
chatgpt: Inter Milan have taken a commanding 3-1 lead going into the second leg of the Champions League semifinals against Barcelona. Inter coach Jose Mourinho has stirred up some controversy by stating that Barcelona is "obsessed" with winning the final at Real Madrid's home ground, the Santiago Bernabeu. The Portuguese manager, who is known for his outspoken nature, seems to be trying to get under the skin of Barcelona and their manager Pep Guardiola. Mourinho has never been shy about expressing his opinions, and his latest comments have added fuel to what is already a heated rivalry between the two sides. Barcelona are looking to become the first club to retain the Champions League in the current format. The Catalan giants are one of the most successful clubs in European football history, having won the competition four times since its inception in 1955. They won the tournament last season by beating Manchester United in the final, and many pundits believe they have the quality to repeat the feat. However, Inter Milan, led by Mourinho, will be looking to upset the odds and book their place in the final. The Italian giants have been in impressive form this season and are currently on top of the Serie A table. They have also shown their quality in Europe, having knocked out defending champions Chelsea in the round of 16 before defeating CSKA Moscow in the quarterfinals. Despite their impressive form, Inter will still have a tough task ahead of them when they face Barcelona in the second leg at the Nou Camp. The Spanish side are known for their attacking prowess, led by the likes of Lionel Messi, Xavi and Andres Iniesta. They will be looking to overturn the deficit and book their place in the final. For Mourinho, this is a chance to show why he is considered one of the best managers in the world. His tactical nous and ability to motivate his players have been key to Inter's success this season, and he will need to be at his very best to get his team through this tough test. The former Chelsea manager has won the Champions League twice before, with Porto in 2004 and Inter in 2010, and he will be hoping to add a third title to his already impressive CV. Meanwhile, Guardiola has refused to be drawn on Mourinho's comments. The Spanish manager is known for his calm and composed demeanor, and he will be looking to keep his players focused on the task at hand. Guardiola will be hoping that his team can produce a performance worthy of their status as one of the best sides in Europe. As the two sides prepare to do battle in what promises to be an enthralling encounter, football fans around the world will be eagerly anticipating the outcome. Will Barcelona continue their quest for a historic second consecutive Champions League title, or will Mourinho and Inter upset the odds and book their place in the final? Only time will tell.