article: By . Mark Prigg . PUBLISHED: . 09:51 EST, 11 October 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 11:47 EST, 11 October 2012 . Scientists have produced the first . three dimensional map of the surface beneath Antarctic sea ice, helping . them better understand the impact of climate change on Antarctica. The . team of scientists from eight countries have used a robot submarine to . chart a frozen and inverted world of mountains and valleys, allowing . accurate measurements of the crucial thickness of Antarctic sea ice. By . combining the data with airborne measures of surface ice and snow, . scientists can now accurately measure changes in ice thickness and . better understand the affects of global warming. An early version of the 3D map . 'The ice thickness is regarded . amongst climate scientists as the holy grail of determining changes in . the system,' Antarctic marine glaciologist Jan Lieser told Reuters. 'If . we can determine the change in the thickness of the sea ice we can . estimate the rate of change that is due to global warming.' Scientists . have ice thickness data for the Arctic region dating back to the 1950s, . allowing for analysis of changes in the Arctic Ocean, but similar data . has been unavailable for the ice around the frozen Southern continent. Lieser, . who is aboard an Australian icebreaker in Antarctic waters, is part of . the Sea Ice Physics and Ecosystem Experiment project, involving . scientists from Australia, Belgium, Canada, France, Germany, Japan, New . Zealand and the United States. A free-swimming robot submarine, manoeuvres beneath sea ice in Eastern Antarctica to collect data for the 3D map . The robot was carried aboard the Australian Antarctic Division's icebreaker, Aurora Australis . They are using a . free-swimming robot submarine, which moves about 20 meters (65 feet) below the ice and travels in a grid pattern, using multi-beam sonar to . measure the underside of the ice. Lieser . said changes in sea ice thickness affects the formation of cold, salty . Antarctic bottom water that drives global ocean currents and is crucial . for sea life, from phytoplankton and krill to whales. 'We . can actually get a full 3D image of what we are measuring. It's never . been done before and that's really exciting,' Lieser added. The . results will help set a baseline to establish how climate change . affects Antarctic sea ice. Scientists will also be able to examine how . changes to sea ice affect the ecosystem. Similar tests in 2007 used only airborne equipment and produced only two dimensional maps, which are less accurate. The icebreaker Aurora Australis awaiting the return of the scientific teams and their equipment in the Antarctic.
highlights: Comes as Antarctic ice levels are at a record high . Was created using a specially adapted robot submarine . Will help researcher analyse the effect of climate change .
id: b2a406cb388b10a7c307f3d837806d307159ab54
chatgpt: A specially-designed robot submarine has been developed to aid in researching the effects of climate change on Antarctic ice levels. The creation of this robot submarine comes as Antarctic ice levels reach a record high. Scientists predict that analyzing the ice and ocean floor of the region would provide vital information for understanding the changing climate. The robot submarine is equipped with a variety of instruments that will allow scientists to analyze the ice and surrounding water for signs of climate change. The autonomous underwater vehicle comes with sensors that can measure seawater temperature, salinity, oxygen levels, and other basic parameters. It also has a sonar that can scan the top layer of the sea floor, revealing the shape and depth of the area beneath. The robot submersible is designed to make measurements at different depths and locations, allowing researchers to map the extent of melting ice sheets and to observe how currents move through the region - something that can only be seen through a combination of satellite data and underwater sensors. Commenting on the development, lead scientist on the project, Professor James Smith, said: "The robot submarine is a game-changer for Antarctic research. It will allow us to cover vast areas of the ocean more quickly and more accurately than ever before, and we will be able to identify changes that could have serious consequences for the global environment." The submarine is a joint project between several leading research institutions from around the world. The project's collaborators include the University of East Anglia in the UK, the Alfred Wegener Institute in Germany, the University of Tasmania in Australia and the Norwegian Polar Institute. The project is being supported by several major funding agencies, including the UK Natural Environment Research Council and the European Union. Scientists will take measurements using the robot submarine over the next few years to provide an additional layer of data for climate prediction models. The project will also provide some of the first precise information about the ice and ocean floor at depths of over a kilometer, which could improve our understanding of the potential for the loss of ice across the entire continent. These efforts could help detect serious changes that could have grave implications for the world. As climate change continues to impact the region, the importance of obtaining precise data about the Antarctic Ocean and its ice becomes more important than ever. The results of the research conducted by the autonomous underwater vehicle are expected to have long-term implications for climatologists and policymakers alike, and could help shape the direction of future efforts to combat climate change.