article: Los Angeles (CNN) -- The man accused of killing an airport security officer last month at Los Angeles International Airport pleaded not guilty Thursday to murdering a federal officer and to 10 other charges. Paul Anthony Ciancia, 23, is accused of fatally shooting Transportation Security Administration officer Gerardo Hernandez and wounding two other officers and a passenger on November 1. A Los Angeles police officer shot and wounded Ciancia to end the incident at LAX, the sixth busiest airport in the world, according to authorities. A trial date for Ciancia was set for February 11, but it's unlikely the trial would begin that soon, said U.S. attorney's office spokesman Thom Mrozek. Prosecutors have yet to decide whether to seek a capital case, which would introduce a possible death penalty in a conviction. "The decision on whether or not to pursue the death penalty in this case is multi-layered and begins with the trial lawyers in Los Angeles and ends with the U.S. attorney general," Mrozek said. A grand jury on December 17 indicted Ciancia on a charge of murdering a federal officer, two counts of attempted murder of a federal officer and eight firearms-related charges. According to the criminal complaint against Ciancia, he allegedly entered Terminal 3 at the Los Angeles airport, pulled out a .223-caliber M&P-15 semiautomatic rifle and fired several shots point-blank at Hernandez. He began to walk up an escalator, but saw Hernandez move and returned to shoot him again, authorities allege in the complaint. Investigators say Ciancia then fired on two other TSA officers and a passenger, all of whom were wounded, before a Los Angeles police officer chased him down and shot him, according to the complaint. Investigators found a handwritten letter among Ciancia's belongings at the airport addressed to TSA employees, saying the shootings were meant to "instill fear in your traitorous minds." The note said he had made a "conscious decision to try to kill" TSA workers, according to the complaint. Alerted to troubling text messages sent to his family back East, Los Angeles police officers had gone to check on Ciancia the morning of the shooting but didn't arrive in time. They got to his apartment 52 minutes after the shooting and left without realizing his connection to the incident, according to authorities. Obama visits family of slain TSA officer . CNN's Michael Martinez and Paul Vercammen contributed from Los Angeles.
highlights: NEW: Prosecutors haven't decided on whether to seek a capital case . Paul Ciancia pleads not guilty to 11 felonies in the November 1 shooting . Ciancia is accused of shooting a TSA officer point-blank, killing him . Three other people, including two TSA officers, were wounded .
id: 50c8db9578f1708bf9fdbbe25591005b40712ecd
chatgpt: Paul Ciancia, the suspect accused of the deadly 2013 shooting at Los Angeles International Airport’s Terminal 3, has pleaded not guilty to 11 federal charges. The charges include murder, using a firearm to commit violence, and causing bodily injury to a federal officer.  Ciancia is accused of opening fire on TSA agents and civilians in LAX’s Terminal 3. One TSA agent was killed and three others, including two TSA agents, were wounded in the shooting. Ciancia himself was seriously injured by police during his arrest. The accused shooter appeared in court on Thursday, December 26, when he entered his plea. Ciancia’s defense attorneys, Anthony Brooklier and Mark Fleming, immediately requested a delay in the trial, which was originally scheduled to begin on March 16.  The prosecutors in the case have not yet decided whether to seek the death penalty, which is a possibility given the severity of the charges against Ciancia. If found guilty, the accused gunman could face the ultimate punishment for his alleged crime. This latest development in the ongoing case sheds some light on an event that rocked the nation in November 2013. The shooting, which took place in the morning hours of November 1, caused chaos at LAX as police scrambled to evacuate the terminal and secure the area.  The slain TSA agent, Gerardo Hernandez, was the first TSA officer to be killed on the job in the agency’s history. The two injured TSA officers and a civilian who was wounded in the shooting all survived, but the incident left a lasting impact on those involved as well as the airport as a whole. Ciancia’s trial will likely be closely watched by many as the details of the shooting are brought to light in a court of law. The defense’s request to delay the trial suggests that they may need more time to prepare their case, which could mean that the trial will be pushed back from its planned March start date. For now, Ciancia remains behind bars as the legal process plays out. The victims of the shooting, and their families, are no doubt keeping a close eye on the case to see justice served for the tragedy that they endured.