article: (CNN)The latest  ISIS-appointed governor of Mosul was killed in coalition airstrikes on Thursday, according to Iraqi police. Hassan Saeed Al-Jabouri, also known as Abu Taluut,  was killed 18 miles south of Mosul in the village of Qayyara,  according to Maj. Gen. Watheq Al-Hamdani, a senior regional Iraqi police commander who is leading the government's efforts to retake Mosul from ISIS. Jabouri is the second ISIS-appointed governor of Mosul killed by airstrikes and had been in office for less than 25 days. Earlier this month, U.S. airstrikes killed one of his predecessors, Radwan Taleb Al-Hamdouni, according to U.S. security officials. Mosul is a key stronghold for ISIS fighters and was taken from Iraqi forces earlier this year.  The Pentagon said that it has a strategy to retake the city beginning in January. Meanwhile, more than 100 people were injured or killed in six airstrikes by Syrian forces on the ISIS held city of al-Bab and the town of Qbasin in the northeast of Aleppo, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. In the village of Abo Qassayed, 30 ISIS militants were killed Tuesday as Syrian Kurdish forces captured that town held by ISIS, according to the observatory. ISIS captured a Jordanian fighter pilot Wednesday after his plane crashed over Raqqa. "Evidence clearly indicates" that the terrorist group "did not down the aircraft," U.S. Central Command said in a statement. Turkey warming up to Iraq . Relations between Iraq and Turkey are improving because of the new government in Baghdad, Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu said Thursday. "Now that the coldness between Turkey and Iraq is over, we will accelerate our relations in every possible way," he said in a televised interview. Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi said that  Iraq  and Turkey share common economic and security goals, according to Anadolu Agency,  Turkey's government news agency.  Iraq wants to reach global oil market's through Turkey, Al-Abadi  said. Turkey's Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu promised that Turkey will not allow any foreign fighter access to Syria, whether they be Syrian opposition or ISIS fighters, according to Anadolu Agency.
highlights: U.S. airstrikes kill governor of Mosul, Iraqi police say . 30 ISIS fighters are killed in Syria by Kurdish forces, rights group says . ISIS did not shoot down plane with pilot, U.S. officials say . Turkey promises Iraq it will block border to Syria from ISIS fighters .
id: 21577f3883757cf203e421d69a5e72af21c11e4b
chatgpt: In a shocking incident, the U.S. airstrikes have reportedly killed the governor of Mosul, according to Iraqi police. The governor, Nawfal Hamadi Al Sultan, was targeted during an operation against the Islamic State group. The U.S. military has not yet confirmed the reports. Meanwhile, in Syria, Kurdish forces managed to kill at least 30 ISIS fighters, as per reports by a human rights group. The clash took place in the town of Tel Abyad. The town had recently been liberated from ISIS control, and this operation is seen as an attempt to clear out any remaining fighters. However, it has come to light that ISIS did not shoot down the Russian plan that crashed in the Sinai desert, killing all 224 people on board. This has been confirmed by U.S. officials. The Sinai chapter of ISIS had claimed responsibility for the attack, but multiple sources have denied that statement. Turkey, on the other hand, has promised Iraq that it will take necessary steps to block the border with Syria, which is currently being used by ISIS fighters. This assurance comes after repeated requests from the Iraqi government to do so. The border closure will help in preventing the movement of ISIS fighters, thereby significantly reducing the threat they pose. The U.S. has recently stepped up its efforts to curb the rise of ISIS in the region, and these incidents highlight the ongoing battle against the extremist group. Despite facing setbacks, the international coalition is determined to continue their mission, with the ultimate goal of wiping out ISIS from the face of the earth. Meanwhile, the Iraqi government has been working on rebuilding its infrastructure and strengthening its security measures, in collaboration with the international community. There have been reports of steady progress, but the danger of ISIS continues to loom large in the region. The recent incidents highlight the importance of continued efforts to eradicate the threat posed by the extremist group.