article: A third of male students questioned in a survey admitted they would rape a woman if they could get away with it. The study found that 31.7 per cent of the mostly white American participants questioned admitted they would force a woman to have sex in a ‘consequence-free situation’. Academics quizzed volunteers on how they would act in a situation where they could have sex with a woman against her will 'if nobody would ever know there wouldn’t be any consequences’. A third of male students questioned in a survey admitted they would rape a woman if they could get away with it (file picture) But when asked specifically whether they would 'rape' a woman in a consequence-free situation, only 13.6 per cent of the male participants said they would. The findings suggested that many of those who admitted they would commit rape did not recognise their actions as such, the Independent reports. ‘Some men will endorse items asking whether they have used force to obtain intercourse, but will deny having raped a woman,’ wrote the authors of the study, which has been published in the scientific journal Violence and Gender. The gap in the proportion of people who did not consider their actions as 'rape' and those who would endorse the use of coercion could have implications for sexual education programs, the authors of the report said. A study found that 31.7 per cent of the mostly white American men questioned would force a woman to have sex in a ‘consequence-free situation’ (file picture) researchers used analysis to 'separate men who do not report intentions to be sexually coercive, those who endorse behaviorally descriptive intentions but deny it when the word rape it used, and those who endorse intentions to rape outright.' The research was carried out by experts at the University of North Dakota and the North Dakota State University. They questioned 86 people over the age of 18 -most of them college juniors and all of them describing themselves as heterosexual. The findings could have knock on effects for educational schemes, the authors suggest, adding: ‘Our results suggest that there is no one-size-fit-all approach to sexual assault prevention. ‘If men who sexually assault harbor different motivations to varying degrees, identifying them ahead of time and targeting interventions toward groups of men with similar motivations, or better even, providing personalized prevention programs, may be more successful.’ It goes on to say that men who show intentions to use force but deny intentions to rape 'exhibit a unique disposition featuring an inverse construct of hostility toward women but high levels of callous sexual attitudes.' The authors pointed to findings from the National Center for Injury Prevention and Control in 2012 which stated that about one in five women become the victim of sexual assault while in college - with most of the attacks carried out by people known to the victim.
highlights: Academics questioned 86 mostly white American participants for survey . 31.17% would force a woman to have sex 'if nobody would ever know there wouldn’t be any consequences’, research found . But when asked specifically if they would rape a woman without consequences, 13.6% said they would . Authors of report say findings could have implications for sexual education programs .
id: 5c2f750728d775d6de41d9b42e7abea22842377e
chatgpt: A shocking new report has been released today, revealing some concerning attitudes towards sexual violence in America. Academics behind the study questioned 86 mostly white American participants for their survey, and the results were alarming. According to the report, 31.17% of those questioned said they would force a woman to have sex "if nobody would ever know there wouldn't be any consequences". The figure is disturbing in itself, but even more worrying is the fact that when specifically asked whether they would rape a woman without consequences, 13.6% of participants said they would. The authors of the report say that the findings could have significant implications for sexual education programs. It's clear that there is still a lot of work to be done in terms of educating people about the nature of sexual assault and rape, and the importance of consent. Speaking about the report, one of the authors said: "These findings are concerning, to say the least. It's clear that there are still some very damaging attitudes towards women and sexual violence in America, and these need to be addressed as a matter of urgency." The report has already sparked a heated debate on social media, with many people expressing their shock and outrage at the findings. Some have called for more comprehensive sexual education in schools, while others have suggested that more needs to be done to challenge outdated and dangerous attitudes towards women and rape. Whatever the solution, it's clear that something needs to be done to tackle this issue. Sexual violence is a serious problem in America, with statistics showing that around 1 in 5 women will experience some form of sexual assault in their lifetime. It's essential that we take action to address this problem, and this report should serve as a wake-up call to all of us. For too long, discussions around sexual violence have been silenced and ignored. But we can no longer afford to turn a blind eye to this issue. We need to educate ourselves and those around us about the importance of consent, and we must challenge any attitudes that perpetuate harmful and dangerous myths about sexual violence. We must also support those who have been affected by sexual violence, providing them with the help and support they need to heal and move forward. In conclusion, this report must serve as a call to action for all of us. We must work together to create a society that values and respects women, and where sexual violence is not tolerated. Only then can we hope to truly make a difference and create a safer and more equitable world for everyone.