article: (CNN) -- A mother who says she was harassed and humiliated by employees while breastfeeding her baby at a Target store in Texas last month prompted a nationwide "nurse-in" on Wednesday to show support for the public practice. Michelle Hickman, 35, says she was nursing her 5-month-old infant at a Webster Target when several employees asked her to move to the fitting room. Texas law allows for breastfeeding in private or public, but Hickman says the employees continued to direct her to the dressing room even after she mentioned her rights. "I was sitting down in the store in a remote area," Hickman told CNN anchor Isha Sesay on Wednesday. "Not a single person came by that was a customer and I was completely covered with a large blanket. So I don't see how they find it that offensive." Target said it has a longstanding policy of supporting breastfeeding in its stores. "Guests who choose to breastfeed in public areas of the store are welcome to do so without being made to feel uncomfortable," Target spokeswoman Jessica Carlson told CNN. "Additionally, we support the use of fitting rooms for women who wish to breastfeed their babies, even if others are waiting to use the fitting rooms," her statement read. "We continually educate our team members in stores across the country on store policies to ensure all guests have a great experience. We worked with this guest directly to address her concerns and are sorry any inconvenience it has caused," Carlson said. In a show of solidarity with Hickman, women from Kansas to North Carolina to Florida held "nurse-ins" at Target stores. In Wilmington, North Carolina, more than a dozen women sat comfortably on the ground with their legs crossed while nursing their babies, most of whom were covered by wraps or blankets. Similar scenes played out at Target stores in Sarasota, Florida; Wichita, Kansas; and Houston. "Things like this are really wonderful because it takes a lot of mother-to-mother support and even though none of us know the mother in Texas, it's just a matter of everyone pulling together and saying, it is OK, don't feel bad about it," Emily Barnhill, mother of an 18-month-old boy, told CNN Wilmington affiliate WECT. A Facebook page created to show support for Hickman called "Target Nurse-In" had nearly 7,000 members by late Wednesday. "Let's show them just how many mamas they've offended. We have the right to shop and meet our babies' needs while doing so," the Facebook pages "about me" section said. "Public humiliation for doing so will not be tolerated," it added. Earlier this year, a Utah woman breastfeeding in a Whole Foods sparked a nationwide "nurse-in" after she said she was asked by employees to move locations. In early December, a nursing mother in Brighton, United Kingdom, invited a nursing "flash mob" to join her after she was told to stop nursing her baby in a cafe.
highlights: Protests held at Target stores across country . Women are in solidarity with breastfeeding mother . That mother said she was harassed by employees . Target says it supports breastfeeding in its stores .
id: d07e46d6283119c623cb39c88104699366692455
chatgpt: Protests erupted at Target stores across the nation yesterday as women gathered in solidarity with a breastfeeding mother who claimed she was harassed by employees. The mother, who has not been identified, took to social media to share her story, sparking outrage among breastfeeding advocates across the country.  According to the mother's account, she was nursing her infant in a secluded area of the Target store when she was approached by two employees who told her to put a cover over her baby. When the mother refused, citing her legal right to breastfeed in public, the employees allegedly continued to harass her until she left the store.  In response to the incident, breastfeeding advocates called for a nationwide protest at Target stores. Women from all walks of life came out to show their support for the mother, many nursing their infants on the floor of the store as a sign of solidarity.  One protester, Rachel Johnson, explained her reason for attending the protest, stating, "Breastfeeding mothers should not be subjected to harassment or discrimination. We have a legal right to breastfeed in public and we should not have to feel ashamed or embarrassed for feeding our babies." Many protesters carried signs that read "Normalize Breastfeeding" while others chanted slogans calling for an end to breastfeeding stigma.  In response to the protests, Target released a statement reaffirming its support for breastfeeding in its stores. "Target welcomes breastfeeding mothers in our stores and is committed to providing a comfortable and supportive environment for all of our guests," the statement read. Target also noted that it has made accommodations for breastfeeding mothers in its stores, including providing nursing rooms and comfortable seating areas.  Despite Target's statement, many breastfeeding advocates feel that more needs to be done to ensure that mothers feel safe and supported while breastfeeding in public.  "We need more education and awareness about the rights of breastfeeding mothers," said Johnson. "We also need more businesses to step up and create spaces where mothers feel comfortable nursing their babies." The protests at Target stores across the nation highlight the ongoing debate over breastfeeding in public. While many states have laws protecting a woman's right to breastfeed in public, incidents of harassment and discrimination are still commonly reported. Breastfeeding advocates hope that the protests will serve as a wake-up call for businesses and society as a whole to become more accepting of breastfeeding in all its forms.  As the protests came to a close, many of the breastfeeding mothers and their supporters took a vow to continue their fight for breastfeeding rights. "We will not be silenced," declared Johnson. "We will continue to breastfeed our babies wherever and whenever they need to be fed."