article: Chinese police have detained more than 500 people from a fringe Christian group for spreading rumors about the world's impending end, state media reported today. In western China's Qinghai province alone, police arrested more than 400 members from the religious cult group, state-run China Central Television reported. Police seized leaflets, video discs, books and other apocalyptic materials as they arrested more than 500 people across eight provinces and regions, from the prosperous east coast to less developed western China, state media reports said. Police arrested 500 members from a fringe Christian group known as Almighty God across eight provinces . The detentions come ahead of Friday, December 21 - a date some say the Mayans prophesized would be the end of the world and which was the subject of the apocalyptic movie '2012.'. Those detained are reported to be members of the group Almighty God, which is also called Eastern Lightning, after a phrase from the Bible's Book of Matthew. Widely regarded as a heretical Christian sect, the group preaches that Jesus has reappeared as a woman in central China. It has been accused of targeting Christians, kidnapping and beating them to force conversions. Chinese society has been in tumult as decades of rapid free-market economic growth discredit communist ideology, loosen social controls and pull hundreds of millions from the countryside to the cities. Into the spiritual void have rushed traditional Buddhist groups and Daoist practices, as well as evangelical Christian churches and other spiritual groups, some with unorthodox and apocalyptic visions. City centre: Around 400 of the detainees were arrested in Qinghai province in Western China . Eastern Lightning first appeared around 20 years ago, and the official Xinhua News Agency said that its members had 'recently latched on to the Mayan doomsday prophesy to predict that the sun will not shine and electricity will not work for three days beginning on December 21'. A public notice on the web site of Qinghai provincial government said local police are waging a 'severe crackdown' on the group described as a cult with 'strong political penchants'. The government urged the public to inform the police of any illegal propaganda, gathering and preaching by the group. The CCTV report called the group a cult and accused it of attacking the party and the government, though it did not give any specifics. The state-run Huashang website last week, citing local authorities, reported that the group is urging followers to 'exterminate the great red dragon' - a reference to the Communist Party - 'and found a country under the rule of Almighty God'.
highlights: Those arrested are reported to be members of a fringe Christian group Almighty God - also known as Eastern Lightning . The group preaches that Jesus has reappeared as a woman in central China .
id: 3bf7e177f9a2fdb39ea0d314760e363072927363
chatgpt: In a recent crackdown by Chinese authorities, a group of individuals affiliated with the fringe Christian group Almighty God, also known as Eastern Lightning, have been arrested. The group has been known to preach that Jesus has reappeared as a woman in central China.  According to reports, the arrests were made in several provinces across China, with the majority of the detained individuals being members of the group. The group's teachings have been considered controversial, with many criticizing their interpretation of Christianity.  The Chinese government has been taking a hard stance against the group, which they classify as a "cult." In recent years, there have been several incidents of violence associated with the group, including murder and wrongful detainment. The group first came into the public eye in the early 1990s, and despite being outlawed in China, it has managed to maintain a following. The group's leader, Zhao Weishan, has been in hiding since 2000 and is believed to be residing in the United States. Authorities have accused the group of brainwashing its members and using aggressive recruitment tactics. Members are often told to sever ties with their families and friends, leading to concern that the group may be exploiting vulnerable individuals. Critics of the group argue that their teachings go against traditional Christian beliefs and that the group creates a division within communities. However, members of the group have defended their beliefs, stating that they are simply interpreting the Bible in a new way. The arrest of those affiliated with the group has sparked debate online, with some calling for a more tolerant approach. Others argue that the group presents a danger to society and that the government's actions are necessary to protect the public. In recent years, China has been cracking down on religious groups, with many concerned that the government is targeting religious minorities. The government has argued that such measures are necessary to maintain social stability. The crackdown on the Almighty God group is likely to continue in the coming months. The government has vowed to take strong action against those who continue to spread the group's teachings. Meanwhile, supporters of the group have called for an end to the persecution of their faith. As the situation unfolds, it remains unclear what the future holds for the Almighty God group and its followers. However, it is certain that the group's teachings and practices will continue to be a topic of debate and controversy in China and beyond.