article: (CNN) -- The Arctic as we know it may soon be a thing of the past. Musk ox in the Arctic check the spread of shrubs to the High Arctic, but promote grass growth. That's the message from Eric Post, lead scientist of a new report into the effects of climate change on life in the Arctic. Published in "Science" magazine, Post and his team of international scientist conducted the study during the fourth International Polar Year that ended in 2008. "It seems no matter where you look -- on the ground, in the air, or in the water -- we're seeing signs of rapid change," said Post in a press statement. The report found that flora and fauna of the Arctic are responding in various ways to the region's changes in climate over the last 150 years, and more recently the 20 to 30 years where seasonal minimal sea ice coverage has declined by 45,000 square kilometers per year. With the decline in sea ice and snow, animals usually seen at lower latitudes are being found in more northerly regions, including red foxes that have been displacing native Arctic foxes.  View the gallery of Arctic life affected by climate change » . The report found that some native Arctic species have also benefited from climate change, including wild reindeer on the Norwegian archipelago of Svalbard. With less snow cover and a longer growing season, these non-migratory reindeer have taken advantage of the increased plant abundance, with the result that reindeer populations and their ability to reproduce are up, while mortality is down. But other animals are not adapting well to rising temperatures and the effect on delicate ecosystems. Migratory caribou in low Arctic Greenland and elsewhere are declining in number as they have not been able to keep their calving season in synch with changes in plant growth. With the decline in caribou comes a knock-on effect to native Inuit hunters, according to the report's authors. Hotter summers could result in more insects and parasites that prey on the caribou, which could then also reduce the annual caribou harvest by local indigenous peoples. "Inuit hunters at my study site in Greenland have all but given up on hunting caribou there. What will be the next component to disappear from their traditional lifestyle, a lifestyle that has worked for thousands of years?" said Post. Iconic Arctic animals dependent sea ice, including Pacific walrus, ringed seal, hooded seal, ivory gull, narwhal and polar bear, are faring especially badly, said the report. The researchers found that polar bears and ringed seals, both of which give birth in lairs or caves under the snow, lose many newborn pups when the lairs collapse in unusually early spring rains. These species may be headed for extinction, said the report.
highlights: New study on Arctic changing temperatures finds dramatic changes to region . Conducted during Fourth International Polar Year that ended in 2008 . Some animals and plant life benefiting from rising temperatures . Dramatic decline in sea ice threatening iconic species like polar bear .
id: 158f61d1d1bc7e0625768232edacb692c751c3da
chatgpt: A new study on climate change in the Arctic has found that the region has experienced dramatic changes in temperature, with some animals and plant life benefiting from rising temperatures while others are threatened by the decline in sea ice. The study was conducted during the Fourth International Polar Year, which ended in 2008, and was recently published in the journal Environmental Research Letters. It examined data collected over several decades and found that the Arctic has warmed at almost twice the rate of the rest of the world. The study found that some animals and plants in the Arctic have benefited from the warming temperatures, including certain types of birds, insects, and shrubs. These species have been able to thrive in areas that were previously too cold to support them. However, the decline in sea ice is threatening iconic species like the polar bear. The study found that polar bear populations have declined by more than 40 percent in some areas over the past decade, largely due to the loss of sea ice. The polar bear relies on sea ice for hunting, and as the ice melts, the bears are forced to spend more time on land, where they have a much harder time finding food. The decline in sea ice also has other far-reaching consequences. It is contributing to rising sea levels and changing ocean currents, which in turn affect weather patterns around the world. It is also making it easier for shipping companies to access previously inhospitable parts of the Arctic, which could have a huge impact on the region's ecosystem. "We are seeing the Arctic change before our very eyes," said Ted Scambos, a senior research scientist at the National Snow and Ice Data Center and one of the authors of the study. "And these changes will have a profound impact not just on the Arctic, but on the entire planet." The study's authors say that urgent action is needed to address the challenges posed by climate change in the Arctic. This includes reducing greenhouse gas emissions, protecting key habitats and species, and promoting sustainable development that takes into account the unique needs of the region. "Climate change in the Arctic is not just an environmental issue, it's also a social and economic issue," said Scambos. "And if we don't act soon, the consequences will be dire not just for the Arctic, but for the entire planet."