article: (CNN)Has Russian President Vladimir Putin gone completely mad? This question is actually being debated in serious circles. In a telephone conversation with President Obama a few months ago, German Chancellor Angela Merkel is reported to have suggested her Russian counterpart is "living in another world." The Ukraine crisis: Everything you need to know . Just last week, a leaked report commissioned by the U.S. Defense Department in 2008 concluded that the Russian leader may have Asperger's Syndrome, a type of high-functioning autism. The report said it may account for his apparently high degree of control. A Pentagon spokesman said there was no guidance from the Department of Defense on the report and experts told CNN they were skeptical of the reliability of the Asperger's claim. For the record, the Kremlin has dismissed the allegation as utter nonsense. Putin, though, is an enigma. His unflinching support for rebel separatists in Eastern Ukraine, despite their alleged excesses, has plunged Russia's relations with the West into their worst crisis since the end of the Cold War. Even in the face of mounting international sanctions that have isolated Russia and helped hobble its fragile economy, Western officials say weapons and manpower continue to flow across the border, although the Kremlin insists it is supplying neither. Clearly, Putin is determined to get his way in Ukraine. We already know, essentially, what this means in terms of a peace deal -- a truce was signed last September, although it didn't hold. The Minsk Protocol agreed that, among other things, autonomy would be granted to Ukraine's southeastern regions. The Russian language would be given official status. A buffer zone would be established along the front lines and heavy weapons would be pulled back from civilian areas. But Putin may actually want much more. On an official visit to Egypt this week, the Russian president dropped a large hint -- and not for the first time. In an interview with the Al-Ahram newspaper he rejected Russian responsibility for the crisis in Ukraine. "It emerged in response to the attempts of the U.S.A. and its Western allies, who considered themselves winners of the Cold War, to impose their will everywhere," Putin told the newspaper. "Promises of non-expansion of the NATO to the east have turned out to be hollow statements," he said. A solution to the Ukraine crisis, then, may involve ruling the country out of any future NATO membership, however unpalatable that may be to some in the West. Russian diplomats call it guaranteeing Ukraine's "neutral status" -- which sounds much better than "capitulation." The bigger problem, though, is that this may not end with Ukraine. For Putin, this crisis is only the latest in a catalog of grievances, which includes the West trampling over Russia's interests from Kosovo to Iraq, to Libya and Syria. Putin's ultimate goal may be to tear up the post-Soviet assumptions about what Russia will tolerate, and permanently change Russia's relationship with the West. Obama says Putin has failed to modernize Russia .
highlights: A solution to the Ukraine crisis may involve ruling the country out of any future NATO membership, writes Matthew Chance . For Putin, this crisis is only the latest in a catalog of grievances, says Chance . Putin's ultimate goal may be to tear up the post-Soviet assumptions about what Russia will tolerate, he says .
id: 77fe260e01992c0a19145dcad94172198e48d9ee
chatgpt: A Possible Solution for the Ukraine Crisis? As the Ukraine crisis continues to rage on, experts are struggling to find a solution that satisfies all parties involved. However, one proposed solution has recently gained traction: ruling Ukraine out of any future NATO membership. Russian President Vladimir Putin has long been opposed to Ukraine joining NATO, seeing it as a direct threat to Russia's national security. By taking NATO membership off the table, some experts believe that Putin may be more willing to negotiate a settlement to the conflict. But what are the implications of ruling out Ukraine's NATO membership? According to Matthew Chance, a correspondent for CNN, the move could be a game-changer in the crisis. "For Putin, this crisis is only the latest in a catalog of grievances," Chance writes. "Putin's ultimate goal may be to tear up the post-Soviet assumptions about what Russia will tolerate." In other words, Putin may be trying to prove a point to the rest of the world: that Russia will not stand idly by as its neighbors align themselves with the West. By ruling out Ukraine's NATO membership, however, the West could be signaling to Putin that it is not interested in encroaching on Russia's sphere of influence. Of course, there are those who would argue that ruling out Ukraine's NATO membership is not a viable solution. After all, Ukraine has every right to choose its own alliances and political affiliations. By denying Ukraine the opportunity to join NATO, the West could be seen as acquiescing to Putin's aggression and ceding ground to Russia. Despite these concerns, however, some experts believe that taking NATO membership off the table may be the only way to end the Ukraine crisis. By doing so, the West could be demonstrating to Putin that it is serious about negotiating a settlement, while at the same time avoiding a direct confrontation with Russia. At the heart of the issue, of course, is Ukraine itself. The country has been torn apart by the conflict between pro-Russian separatists in the east and the Ukrainian government in the west. Despite numerous attempts at a ceasefire, the violence has continued and the situation remains volatile. In the meantime, the West has imposed several rounds of sanctions on Russia, in an attempt to pressure Putin to back down. However, these sanctions have done little to alleviate the crisis, and have instead become a major point of contention between Russia and the West. Ultimately, the solution to the Ukraine crisis is likely to be long and complicated. However, ruling out Ukraine's NATO membership could be a crucial step in the right direction. By doing so, the West could be signaling to Putin that it is willing to negotiate, while at the same time avoiding a direct conflict with Russia. Whether or not this solution proves effective, however, remains to be seen.