article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 09:38 EST, 3 November 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 09:56 EST, 3 November 2013 . Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates has described recent initiatives by tech companies such as Facebook and Google to bring internet access to the entire world and position online connectivity as a humanitarian concern as ‘a joke’. The world’s richest person according to the Bloomberg Billionaires List, Gates has devoted himself to humanitarian causes since stepping down from a full-time role at Microsoft in 2006. While Gates, 58, said technology is ‘amazing’, he doesn’t believe it is on the ‘first five rungs’ of basic human needs. Microsoft founder Bill Gates', left, has described recent initiatives by tech companies including Mark Zuckerberg's Facebook to position online connectivity as a humanitarian concern as 'a joke' ‘I certainly love the IT thing,’ Gates told The Financial Times. ‘But when we want to improve lives, you've got to deal with more basic things like child survival, child nutrition.’ ‘PCs are not, in the hierarchy of human needs, in the first five rungs,’ he added. Gates' comments come just a few months after Facebook co-founder Mark Zuckerberg announced that Facebook wants to get more of the world's more than seven billion people online through a partnership with some of the world's largest mobile technology companies. Known as Internet.org, the initiative was launched in August and also includes South Korean electronics giant Samsung, Finnish handset maker Nokia and wireless chip maker Qualcomm. Microsoft founder and philanthropist Bill Gates, right, and Melinda Gates meeting with members of the Mushar community at Jamsot Village near Patna, India, in 2011 . Facebook said the group's goal is to ‘make internet access available to the two-thirds of the world who are not yet connected’ - about five billion people. Google isn’t part of the Internet.org, but launched a similar initiative earlier in the year with the goal of getting everyone on Earth online. Project Loon uses high-altitude balloons placed in the stratosphere at an altitude of about 20km to create an aerial wireless network with up to 3G-like speeds. While Gates said that improvements in technology certainly bring important benefits, they won't meet the more pressing needs of the world's most desperate people. When asked by the FT if internet connectivity is more important than finding a vaccination for malaria, the Microsoft co-founder sad: ‘As a priority? It's a joke.’ Microsoft co-founder Gates, 58, says technology is 'amazing', he doesn't believe it is on the 'first five rungs' of basic human needs . ‘If you think connectivity is the key thing, that’s great. I don’t,’ he added. Although Gates remains involved with Microsoft in a part-time capacity and continues as chairmen, his focus since 2006 has been the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation. Gates has so far given US$28 billion of his fortune to the foundation and much of that money has been spent on improving health and fighting poverty in developing countries by tackling malaria or paying for vaccination drives against infectious diseases.
highlights: Gates described initiatives by Facebook and Google to position online connectivity as a humanitarian concern as 'a joke' The co-founder of Microsoft said technology is 'amazing' but shouldn't be on the 'first five rungs' of basic human needs . Riding the world of malaria and improving child nutrition rates in developing countries are greater concerns, says Gates . The world's richest man, he has donated US$28bn of his fortune to charitable causes to date .
id: ad6159318fa75cbe56c49f35e37158864a792d50
chatgpt: Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates has dismissed tech giants Facebook and Google's efforts to present online connectivity as a humanitarian concern, describing the moves as "a joke." Despite hailing technology as "amazing," Gates believes it should not be among people's basic needs. "When you're dying of malaria, I suppose you'll look up and see that balloon, and I'm not sure how it'll help you," he said, referring to Facebook's Project Loon, which uses balloons to provide internet connectivity to remote areas. Gates added there are more pressing matters that should be tackled, such as eliminating deadly diseases like malaria and improving child nutrition rates in developing countries. In his efforts to address these issues, Gates has donated a staggering $28bn to charitable causes to date, making him the world's richest man. Gates' criticism of Facebook and Google's initiative highlights the disparity between developed and developing countries. While many in the western world see online connectivity as essential, it is often viewed as a luxury in developing nations where poverty and basic needs such as clean water and shelter take priority. However, initiatives such as Project Loon have made progress in providing internet access to underserved areas. In 2018, it provided relief to those affected by the earthquake in Peru, enabling communication with emergency services and loved ones. Similarly, Google's internet balloons have been used to provide connectivity to Puerto Rico following the devastation caused by Hurricane Maria. Despite the benefits of such projects, Gates maintains that they should not be prioritized over fundamental human needs. He argues that while technology can improve lives, it should be seen as a tool to help people access food and healthcare, rather than an end in itself. Gates' views come as tech companies are increasingly investing in initiatives to provide internet access to those without it. Facebook's Internet.org initiative aims to connect the two-thirds of the world without internet access, while Google's Project Link provides high-speed internet to underserved areas in Africa. In response to Gates' comments, Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg defended Project Loon, stating that "connecting people to the internet is one of the most important things we can do in the world today." He added that while he respects Gates' opinion, he believes that internet connectivity can be a "complementary tool for many of the other things (Gates is) working on," such as improving public health and reducing poverty. While the debate continues over the importance of internet connectivity in relation to basic needs, it is clear that initiatives such as Project Loon and Project Link are making a difference in some of the world's most underserved regions. However, as Gates' comments remind us, there is much more work to be done in tackling fundamental issues such as poverty and disease.