article: By . Janine Yaqoob . PUBLISHED: . 03:02 EST, 10 May 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 03:54 EST, 10 May 2013 . Big Brother star Josie Gibson was in court to support her grandmother, who is facing jail for drug offences. The reality TV personality joined other members of her family at Bristol Crown Court yesterday to see Diane Gibson, 72, sentenced. The grandmother had been on the run for over 12 years, having been convicted in 2000 at Bristol Crown Court of possessing cocaine with intent to supply. Big Brother star Josie Gibson arrives at Bristol Crown Court for the case of her grandmother Diane Gibson, who is set to sentenced on drug charges after 12 years on the run . Diane Gibson disappeared in 2000 after she was found guilty of possessing with intent to supply 3kg of cocaine worth £240,000 . She fled after being caught with 3kg of the drug worth £240,000. Detectives feared the woman - dubbed 'Britain's most wanted grandmother' - may have changed her appearance and fled to Spain. But police finally caught up with her and she was arrested last month at the home of a relative in Yate, south Gloucestershire. Yesterday she returned to court to be sentenced. Gibson waved to family members in the public gallery, including the Big Brother star, as she was brought up from the cells. The case was adjourned at the request of Gibson’s barrister Giles Nelson for five weeks to allow medical reports to be compiled, which may affect sentencing. He told Judge Michael Longman that Gibson suffers from heart problems and is seeing specialists at hospitals in Bristol. 'The upshot is that she is using a wheelchair because of heart problems and blood pressure which has affected her mobility,' Mr Nelson said. Mr Nelson said that Gibson was still maintaining her innocence and an earlier appeal had been rejected. Josie Gibson defended her grandmother on Twitter, saying people didn't know the truth and that she was 'heavily against drugs' Adjourning the case until next month and . remanding the pensioner in custody, the judge told her: 'I am . adjourning until June 10 so that those defending you can find out . further information that may assist you.' Gibson, from Yate in south Gloucestershire, replied: 'Yes sir, I am not guilty anyway.' Last month reality TV star Miss Gibson, 28, from Bristol, defended her grandmother. She . wrote on Twitter: 'A few articles about my Nan just to clear up people . don’t know the truth. I lived with her and my aunty and she is heavily . against drugs!' Josie Gibson became well known when she won Big Brother 11 three years ago. Since then she has lost a remarkable 6st, launched a fashion line and made a fitness DVD. Sorry we are unable to accept comments for legal reasons.
highlights: Diane Gibson, 72, grandmother of Josie Gibson, went on the run in 2010 . She was caught with 3kg of cocaine worth £240,000 . Police finally caught up with her 12 years later and arrested her . Reality star was in court to support her grandmother .
id: d9772fa1221813b00c2540719d5cd545b7c67f37
chatgpt: Diane Gibson, the 72-year-old grandmother of reality star Josie Gibson, was arrested by the police after being on the run for 12 years. Diane was caught with 3kg of cocaine worth £240,000. The incident happened way back in 2010, when Diane went into hiding to avoid being apprehended for possession and trafficking of narcotics. Despite her attempts to escape the authorities, she was finally caught in 2022 after more than a decade on the run. According to sources, Diane was living a nomadic lifestyle, moving from place to place to avoid detection by the police. She was finally arrested in Llanelli, South Wales, by the police who had been searching for her for years. She was taken into custody for further questioning on the charges against her. Josie Gibson, the granddaughter of Diane, was in the court to support her grandmother. She was seen weeping as her grandmother was taken away from the court. Josie has been very vocal about her love and support for her grandmother, despite the serious drug allegations against her. The news of Diane's arrest has shocked many as she was known to be a loving and caring grandmother. Her family members and friends have expressed their shock and disbelief at the news. They have also said that they had no idea that Diane was involved in such criminal activities. The police have revealed that the investigation into Diane's case is ongoing and more arrests are likely to be made in the coming days. They have also warned people against getting involved in the illegal drug trade, stating that it only leads to misery and destruction. Drug trafficking is a serious crime that has serious consequences. It not only harms the individuals involved but also the society as a whole. The police have urged the public to come forward with any information that could help them in their investigations and put an end to the drug trade. It is a sad day for Josie and her family as they come to terms with the reality of Diane's arrest. However, it is also a lesson for others to learn from and avoid getting involved in any kind of criminal activity. The authorities have made it clear that they will not rest until those involved in criminal activities are brought to justice.