article: Former Sunderland and Scotland striker Kevin Kyle is providing for his family by working as a storeman on a ship in the Shetland Islands. Kyle, who earned 10 caps for his country, left his last club Ayr United earlier this year and is now working 12-hour shifts on the Regina Baltica at Lerwick. The ship serves as a 'floating hotel' for workers in the oil industry where, the Daily Record report, Kyle cleans floors, makes beds and replenishes stocks. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Kevin Kyle score his first goal for Hearts from the penalty spot . Storeman: Kyle shifts some bottled water as part of his job on the Regina Baltica . Target man: 6ft 3in Kyle was renowned for his hold-up play and aerial ability in his prime . Hard graft: Kevin Kyle celebrates scoring for Sunderland back in May 2004 . Asked by the Record about his £800-a-fortnight job, 33-year-old Kyle said: 'I'm trying to provide for my family.' Kyle began his career at Sunderland in 2000, who he made 39 appearances for in the Premier League, scoring just the once. He made his Scotland debut in 2002 and scored once for his country. Spells at Coventry (who paid Sunderland £600,000 for his services in 2006), Kilmarnock, Hearts and Rangers plus a number of loan moves preceded his switch to Ayr United, who he last played for in January. Kyle has not officially retired but has been without a club since leaving Ayr United. The Stranraer-born Scot is a reformed gambler who once admitted to spending £7,000-a-week on betting. He has since given up time to warn young footballers about the dangers of gambling. At the peak of his career Kyle was earning £10,000-a-week - equating to more money per day than he is now earning each fortnight. Out of contract: Kyle has not officially retired from football but has been without a club since January . International honours: Kyle rises for a header playing for Scotland against Denmark in August 2002 . Injury problems: Kyle's two years at Hearts from 2010 to 2012 were beset by injuries . Sunderland (2000-06), Huddersfield (2000)*, Darlington (2000-01)*, Rochdale (2001)*, Coventry (2006-09), Wolves (2008)*, Hartlepool (2008)*, Kilmarnock (2009-10), Hearts (2010-12), Rangers (2012-13), Ayr United (2013-14). Scotland (2002-10) Career total: 320 games, 69 goals. * indicates loan move . Kyle had a brief spell at Rangers in the 2012-13 season and admitted his shock at how much players were earning at the financially crippled club. He said: 'There are guys at Rangers who can’t believe their luck at what they earn. 'I asked a fellow pro in the summer, ‘Did Rangers really offer you that amount?’ 'He said, "You know what? I think I could actually get even more off them".' Brief stay: Kyle scores three goals in 11 games in all competitions in for Rangers .
highlights: Ex-Scotland striker Kevin Kyle working on a ship in the Shetland Islands . Kyle earning £800 a fortnight compared to peak of £10k a week as a player . Kyle says he is working hard to provide for his family .
id: 675da78a02951cbe5fd4a20be6304094ea72c1ce
chatgpt: Former Scotland and Premiership striker Kevin Kyle has traded in the glamour of professional football for a rather more rustic way of life. Thick skin and a tough attitude were necessary in the world of football, and they are still just as important now as Kyle works on a ship in the remote and rugged Shetland Islands, earning just £800 per fortnight. Although he was once earning £10,000 a week as a player, Kyle says that he is now happy just to provide for his family. Speaking candidly about his new lifestyle, the 38-year-old revealed that he is currently working on a workboat that travels to oil and gas platforms in the area. Despite being a far cry from the bright lights of the football world, Kyle claims that he is enjoying getting back to basics as he works hard every day to provide for his loved ones. He said: "I'm on a little workboat doing a few different jobs; I can be doing anything from welding to rigging, it's different every day but it's hard work. I did a bit of diving work recently as well, which was new to me." Kyle has always been open about the highs and lows of earning a living as a professional footballer, but he now says he is happier than ever. After admitting that he has found it hard to move on from football and the fame that comes with it, Kyle stated that he has finally found a level of contentment with his new life. He said: "I'm a very outdoorsy sort of guy anyway, so it suits me down to the ground. I wasn't brilliant at school, and I've been lucky to make good money through football, but now I feel like I'm doing something that I can be proud of again. It's great to be earning my own money by working hard, and to know that I'm doing something that really matters." Although Kyle may not have the high-profile career that he once had as a footballer, he still remains a much-loved figure in the world of football. Fans will be delighted to hear that he is happy and content, and that he is still working hard to provide a good life for his family. With a sense of pride in his voice, Kyle has said that he wants to encourage other footballers to consider alternative paths when their careers come to an end. Although the transition from professional sport to everyday life can be tough, Kyle said that it is entirely possible to find happiness and fulfillment outside of the game. He said: "There are many players who are struggling in retirement or after being released from a club, but I believe you can get out of it what you put into it. There are jobs out there, whether you are a school leaver or a player coming out of the game, and it's up to the individual to make it work.” Kevin Kyle may no longer be a high-flying footballer, but he is proof that there is life after sport, and that with a bit of determination and hard work, anyone can create a fulfilling and contented life away from the pitch.