article: Cult leader and convicted sex offender, known to his followers as 'Little Pebble', is set to be freed from jail in Sydney within the week. William Kamm, 64, has served more than nine years of his maximum 10-year sentence. The self-described religious leader was handed separate sentences after ordering two teenage girls to have sex with him, saying it was God's will to help him repopulate the earth with his mystical seed. Scroll down for video . Cult leader and convicted sex offender William Kamm (right) is set to be freed from jail in NSW within the week . Kamm founded the Order of Saint Charbel at Cambewarra, near Nowra, on the NSW south coast in the 1980s . Kamm founded the Order of Saint Charbel at Cambewarra, near Nowra, on the NSW south coast in the 1980s and convinced his followers he was God's spokesman on earth. He manipulated a sect of old-line Catholic traditionalists to hand over their wives and daughters to populate his 'Royal House'. He is believed to have fathered more than 20 children and duped dozens of females, telling them they were among the 12 queens and 72 princesses chosen to repopulate the earth after judgment day. Kamm has been serving his time at Long Bay Correctional Centre in Malabar, a south-eastern suburb of Sydney. Once released from jail, the 64-year-old will be electronically monitored and must not contact children under the age of 16 without the approval of a corrections officer . Kamm was sentenced to three and a half years behind bars in 2005 after raping and assaulting a teenager in 1993, the Sydney Morning Herald previously reported. Two years later, other sex offences were added to his convictions and he was ordered to serve another seven and a half years with non-parole. Kamm was sentenced a maximum of 10 years for five counts of sexual intercourse with a minor by a person in authority, four counts of aggravated indecent assault against a minor and one count of aggravated indecent assault. He has been banned from frequenting the Shoalhaven districts or communicating with his victims for the next 11 months. In that time, the 64-year-old will be electronically monitored and must not contact children under the age of 16 without the approval of a corrections officer. The State Parole Authority said Kamm would be released no later than November 18 and he must undergo psychological assessment and counselling.
highlights: William Kamm is set to be released from jail in NSW within the week after more than nine years in prison . Kamm founded the Order of Saint Charbel at Cambewarra, near Nowra, on the NSW south coast in the 1980s . He is known as 'Little Pebble' to his followers and has a total of 10 convictions . The 64-year-old will be electronically monitored and must not contact children under the age of 16 without approval .
id: fca150de356f4514284e4107f4bbf4463401396b
chatgpt: William Kamm, also known as 'Little Pebble', is set to be released from jail in New South Wales within the week after serving over nine years in prison. Kamm founded the Order of Saint Charbel, a religious group based in Cambewarra, near Nowra, in the 1980s. Kamm's release comes after being granted parole, with strict conditions that he must adhere to. Kamm has been convicted 10 times over the years, with the latest ones being for sexual assault offenses where he was sentenced to a total of 16 years in prison. However, he has already served his time for these convictions and is being released after serving time for a separate conviction. Under the conditions of his parole, the 64-year-old will be electronically monitored and must not contact any children under the age of 16 without prior approval. Kamm is known to have a large following, with many of his followers being children, hence the need to ensure that he does not have access to children without the appropriate supervision in place. Little Pebble and his followers have drawn controversy over the years. In 2005, Kamm was charged and convicted with sexually assaulting two teenage girls in the 1990s, while in 2007, he was convicted of possessing child pornography involving children as young as 14. Kamm has always maintained that he is innocent, a claim that his followers have always believed. The Order of Saint Charbel, which Kamm founded, is known for its conservative Catholic values and beliefs. The group's followers have always stood by Kamm, with many of them believing that he is a victim of a conspiracy. The news of Kamm's release has stirred mixed reactions amongst the general public, with some arguing that his release should not have been granted given his previous convictions. Others, meanwhile, have suggested that he has paid his debt to society and deserves a second chance.  Now that he is set to be released, Kamm has to find a way to reintegrate himself into society, especially given the controversy that surrounds his name. His followers will undoubtedly be happy about his release, but they will also be wary of the reactions of those who are against him. In conclusion, the upcoming release of William Kamm, also known as Little Pebble, has stirred intense reactions amongst the public. Regardless of people's opinions, it is clear that Kamm will have to tread carefully once released and ensure he abides by the conditions of his parole. The controversy surrounding the Order of Saint Charbel will likely continue, with Kamm's release drawing more attention to the group and its beliefs.