article: Formula milk needs to be reformulated – for boys and girls. Researcher Katie Hinde said just as we produce different deodorants for men and women, we should consider making gender-specific formula milk. Dr Hinde also said that as breast milk varies so much from woman to woman, in some cases supplementing with formula may be better for the baby. Formula milk should be reformulated to be gender-specific, says Dr Katie Hinde, from Harvard University . She spoke out after showing that nursing monkeys make different milk for boys and girls. Milk for male babies is fattier and higher in protein and the milk made for the firstborn male is particularly rich. In contrast, the milk for female babies is less rich but there is more of it. It is also higher in bone-building calcium. The American Association for the Advancement of Science’s annual conference also heard that the few humans studies carried out have had mixed results. But some have also hinted at sex-specific differences. There are also differences in the way the sexes respond to breast milk. Dr Hinde, of Harvard University in the U.S., has shown male and female monkeys respond to the stress hormone cortisol in different ways. And work on human babies found that girls, but not boys, get more fractious if their mother’s milk is high in cortisol. Dr Hinde says some women produce such poor quality breast milk their babies would be better off with formula milk. As a result, she says it's important women are not made to feel guilty if they don't breastfeed . However, in rat studies at least, this has long term benefits, with the animals actually better at coping with stressful situations than others. Research also shows that the quality of breast milk varies greatly from woman to woman, with different amounts of vitamins, minerals, sugars, fats and other nutrients. In some cases, the quality is so low that formula may be better. However, women are made to feel guilty if they don’t breastfeed, said Dr Hinde. Calling for more research on sex-specific formula milk, she said: ‘Public health would be aided if greater attention was paid to this. ‘We have good reasons to be sceptical of a one-size-fits-all formula milk.’
highlights: Dr Katie Hinde, from Harvard, says formula milk could be gender-specific . She says monkeys produce milk that is fattier and higher in protein for male infant monkeys and milk that is higher in calcium for females .
id: ed68f35d68b0aaf5625a476111308d0ed3dd0882
chatgpt: A new study by Dr Katie Hinde, a researcher at Harvard University, suggests that formula milk could be made gender-specific. Hinde's research, which focused on how female and male monkeys produce different kinds of milk to support their respective infants' growth, could revolutionize the formula milk industry. According to Hinde, female monkeys produce milk higher in calcium, whereas male monkey milk is fattier and has a higher protein content. This leads to different growth rates and energy levels in male and female infant monkeys. Hinde believes that this difference may also exist in human milk, which could have implications for the formula milk industry. Formula milk is a vital source of nutrition for infants who are unable to breastfeed. However, current formula milk products are not tailored to a baby's gender-specific needs. Hinde's research suggests that this could be changing soon. "At the moment we have a one-size-fits-all approach to formula milk, but this may not be the best way to support infant growth and development," says Hinde. "We need to consider the possibility that male and female infants have different nutritional needs, just like their primate counterparts." Hinde suggests that formula milk manufacturers could develop different products for male and female infants based on the research findings. For example, formula milk for male infants could be made fattier and higher in protein, while formula milk for female infants could be made higher in calcium. However, Hinde notes that more research is needed before any gender-specific formula milk products hit the market. "There are a lot of factors that affect milk composition, including the mother's diet and the baby's age," says Hinde. "But we have a good starting point in understanding the differences in monkey milk, and we could build on that to create gender-specific formula milk products." The potential benefits of gender-specific formula milk are numerous. It could lead to better growth and development for infants and reduce the risk of certain health problems, such as obesity and diabetes. Additionally, it could provide mothers with greater flexibility in choosing the formula milk that best matches their baby's needs. However, some experts have raised concerns about the potential commercialization of Hinde's research. "The formula milk industry is already a multi-billion dollar industry, and any new development would likely be exploited for profit," says Dr. Alison Benjamin, a pediatrician at Stanford University. "We need to be cautious and ensure that any gender-specific formula milk products are safe and effective for infants." Overall, Hinde's research has the potential to revolutionize the formula milk industry and improve infant health. As further research is conducted, we could see a shift towards gender-specific formula milk products that better meet the unique needs of male and female infants.