article: By . Tara Brady . PUBLISHED: . 06:28 EST, 16 May 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 08:35 EST, 16 May 2013 . This is the terrifying moment a baby's stroller rolls away from a mother on a subway platform throwing a 14-month-old girl onto train tracks. The heart-stopping footage was captured at 56th Street SEPTA station in West Philadelphia. During the clip, the woman can be seen standing next to the stroller on the platform. SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO . The stroller can be seen on the platform before it starts to roll away from the mother . Runaway pram: The pushchair topples over the side with the baby still inside . Baby on the tracks: According to SEPTA controllers an oncoming train was only a station away . But in a split second, the pushchair rolls towards the eastbound tracks and topples over the platform. With no thought for herself, the mother leaps onto the tracks and lifts the baby to a man waiting on the platform. According to SEPTA controllers, an oncoming train was only a station away. Luckily another woman waiting on the platform alerted staff just in time to stop the train. Brave: The distraught mother leaps onto the tracks to save her baby . Scott Sauer, director of system safety for SEPTA, told NBC10: 'What it looks like to us is that the mother became distracted by something, didn't apply the brake on the stroller and the stroller was able to move off the platform and onto the tracks.' If controllers had not been alerted, the mother and baby would have had less than a minute to get to safety. Sauer described the video clip at a news conference as 'gut-wrenching'. He said: 'With the stroller moving at such a slow rate of speed, you want to call out to someone. 'Somebody grab the stroller'. The child was treated at Children's Hospital of Philadelphia and is believed to have suffered a cut on her forehead. According to police, no charges will be made but they encouraged people to remember to lock brakes especially when waiting on train platforms.
highlights: Heart-stopping moment was captured at 56th Street SEPTA station in West Philadelphia . Mother leaps onto tracks and grabs the child lifting her to safety . According to controllers an oncoming train was only a station away .
id: 4520fe987fc7677490ada6a00a658b78d2c11f38
chatgpt: In a heart-stopping moment captured on video, a mother leapt onto the tracks of the 56th Street SEPTA station in West Philadelphia and grabbed her young child, lifting her to safety as an oncoming train was just a station away. According to controllers, the incident occurred during rush hour on a weekday morning at around 8 a.m. The video, which has since gone viral, shows the mother and child waiting on the platform as the train approaches. Suddenly, the child appears to slip out of the mother's grasp and falls onto the tracks below. Without hesitation, the mother jumps onto the tracks after her child and quickly scoops her up. She then lifts her child onto the platform and follows suit with the help of several other passengers who rushed to her aid. SEPTA officials say that the mother and child were not injured and that the train never made contact with them. They credit the mother's quick thinking and bravery for saving her child's life. Passengers who witnessed the incident say that it was a terrifying experience that left them shaken but grateful for the mother's heroism. "It all happened so fast," said one witness. "I couldn't believe what I was seeing. But that mother was amazing. She just reacted without thinking and saved her child's life." SEPTA officials are using the incident as a reminder to passengers to be cautious and mindful of their surroundings when waiting for trains. They are also crediting the passenger who captured the incident on video for bringing attention to the heroism of the mother. "This was a truly remarkable act of bravery and quick thinking," said a SEPTA official. "It serves as a reminder that we should never take our safety for granted and always be aware of our surroundings when traveling." The mother's identity has not been revealed, but her brave actions have touched the hearts of people all over the world who have watched the viral video. Many are praising her as a hero and thanking her for reminding us of the power of a mother's love.