article: Charles Blow has written about his anger after his son was held by police at gunpoint on the Yale University campus over the weekend . A journalist has written about his anger after his son was held by police at gunpoint on the Yale University campus over the weekend because he 'fitted the description' of an alleged burglary suspect. Blow, who is African American, tweeted about the incident on Saturday night when he said he was 'fuming' and also wrote about it in his column in Monday's New York Times. In his column Blow related his son's version of events, in which the young man – a third year biology major - was accosted by a campus police officer at gunpoint as he left the library. The officer told Blow's son to get on the ground and then asked a series of questions before he was eventually allowed to go on his way after showing his student ID. According to Blow, his anger with the situation was not that his son was stopped, but that the officer had been so quick to brandish his weapon. 'What if my son had panicked under the stress, having never had a gun pointed at him before, and made what the officer considered a 'suspicious' movement? Had I come close to losing him? Triggers cannot be unpulled. Bullets cannot be called back,' he wrote. The journalist, who is also a regular contributor to CNN and MSNBC, has written extensively about the recent deaths of unarmed black men - including Michael Brown and Eric Garner - at the hands of the police. Blow's anger was more apparent in a series of tweets posted on Saturday night when used hashtags including '#RacialBattleFatigue', '#BlackLivesMatter' and '#ICan'tBreathe'. Blow first tweeted his anger about his son's experience on Saturday night before writing a more considered opinion piece in Monday's New York Times . 'This is exactly why I have NO PATIENCE for people trying to convince me that the fear these young black men feel is real,' he tweeted. In his column on Monday, Blow response was more considered but just as powerful. 'I am reminded of what I have always known, but what some would choose to deny: that there is no way to work your way out — earn your way out — of this sort of crisis,' he wrote. 'In these moments, what you've done matters less than how you look. There is no amount of respectability that can bend a gun's barrel.' Blow also writes that Yale's dean has apologized to his son and the actual suspect was also  apprehended. Blow's son, a third year biology major at Yale University, was accosted by a campus police officer at gunpoint as he left the library on Saturday afternoon .
highlights: New York Times columnist Charles Blow wrote that he wasn't angry his son was stopped, but that the cop had been so quick to brandish his weapon . 'Had I come close to losing him? Triggers cannot be unpulled. Bullets cannot be called back,' he wrote . Blow has written extensively about the recent deaths of unarmed black men including Michael Brown and Eric Garner at the hands of the police .
id: 4809c98152b8176f7ab1190134ddee8dac54a50e
chatgpt: New York Times columnist Charles Blow has expressed his concerns in a moving column about the safety of his son in the wake of police shootings of unarmed black men. Blow wrote that he wasn't angry that his son was stopped by a police officer, but he was alarmed by the fact that the cop was so quick to draw his weapon. Blow acknowledged that his son had been stopped in the past, but this incident felt different. "For a split second, my heart raced like most black parents' hearts race in those moments when we feel our very children are in danger," Blow wrote. "Had I come close to losing him? Triggers cannot be unpulled. Bullets cannot be called back." The column was a powerful testament to the fear and anxiety that many black parents experience when their children are out in public. Blow, who has written extensively about the recent deaths of unarmed black men including Michael Brown and Eric Garner at the hands of the police, is one of many African American parents who worry about their sons' safety every time they leave the house. Blow's column tackled the larger issue of police violence against black men, which has sparked protests and civil unrest in cities across the country. He wrote that his own experience was just one more example of the deep-seated distrust that many people of color have towards law enforcement. "I don't hate police officers. I don't even dislike them. I do, however, fear them," Blow wrote. "And I know that's not an irrational fear. It's not a phobia. It's a reasonable response to the evidence." Blow's column was widely shared on social media, with many people expressing solidarity with his concerns. Some shared stories of their own encounters with the police, while others highlighted the systemic issues within law enforcement that have allowed police brutality to become so rampant. The column also touched on issues of race and privilege, with Blow acknowledging that his son, who attends Yale University, is much less likely to experience police violence than other young black men who live in more impoverished neighborhoods. "But it also means that he is more visible, more conspicuous, more easily profiled by police who mistake education and accomplishment for affluence and arrogance," Blow wrote. Despite the sobering subject matter, Blow's column ended on a hopeful note. He wrote that he still believed in the power of change, and in the capacity of Americans to come together to make a better future for all of us. "This is not about hate. This is not about revenge. This is not about retribution," Blow wrote. "This is about dreaming of a world that is better than this one, one that is free of bias and bigotry and suspicion and hate."