article: (CNN) -- The U.S. government will be hit with a class action lawsuit on behalf of 700 Guatemalans who were infected with syphilis unless it offers a way to settle claims before Friday, the plaintiffs' attorneys said. Law firms representing the victims said the United States intentionally infected the Guatemalans between 1946 and 1948 in an effort to study the effects of the disease. The complaint compares it to the Tuskegee syphilis experiment in Alabama. During the 40-year study that began in 1932, doctors observed how the disease progressed in about 400 poor African-Americans, who already had syphilis. The men were never told they had the disease and never treated for it. The test subjects received free medical testing, meals and burial insurance. "We are hoping we can come up with a mutual agreement by Friday about what next steps should be in terms of a concrete remedy for the people that were impacted," Piper Hendricks, a litigation associate for Conrad and Scherer, said Tuesday. "We were favorably impressed with how the administration denounced the studies and apologized last year; we hope we can come up with a settlement without actually having to go to court and litigate." The Obama administration acknowledged the experiments in October. "Although these events occurred more than 64 years ago, we are outraged that such reprehensible research could have occurred under the guise of public health," Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius said in a joint statement. "We deeply regret that it happened, and we apologize to all the individuals who were affected by such abhorrent research practices." While the complaint mentions that there were at least 700 test subjects, it only lists seven plaintiffs -- all are either the direct victims of the testing or their legal heirs. "We do expect more people to come forward, but the news is still making its way through Guatemala," said Hendricks, who acknowledged that many people may have passed away over the years. "Some of our clients are living in rural regions and even if they have received news of what went on it's not easy to get in touch with someone to join the suit." In a letter to Attorney General Eric Holder on Monday, attorneys Andres Alonso and Terrence Collingsworth ask that "a claims process be set up through which aggrieved citizens of Guatemala, who have been adversely affected by this experiment," can receive a settlement outside the court system. The legal team says it will proceed with the litigation if it doesn't hear from the government by Friday.
highlights: Lawyers say about 700 Guatemalans were infected with syphilis . The U.S. intentionally infected the Guatemalans to study the effects of the disease . The United States has apologized for the testing, which was more than 60 years ago .
id: 701faebeaee244675831f1a244a9c95a7eaf216c
chatgpt: Lawyers have recently revealed that approximately 700 Guatemalans were intentionally infected with syphilis by United States researchers over 60 years ago. The U.S. had conducted these studies with the intent to study the effects of the disease with little regard for the well-being of the infected individuals. The experiment, which took place between 1946 and 1948, was under the direction of Dr. John C. Cutler. The research was conducted in secret and was not uncovered until 2010 when Professor Susan Reverby successfully tracked down the archives. Cutler and his team infected Guatemalan soldiers, prisoners, psychiatric patients, and sex workers with the disease without their consent. According to the lawsuit, the researchers continued with the experiment, even after the participants began to show symptoms of the disease. Along with the significant health risks that the study created for the Guatemalans, the lawyers are also stating that the experiment echoes the country's horrific legacy of racism, colonialism, and oppression. The U.S. government apologized for the tests in 2010, and then-President Barack Obama condemned the inhumane procedures. However, the 700 Guatemalans who became the unfortunate victims of the U.S.’ research were left without any compensation or remorse. This is now changing as the lawsuit moves forward. The lawyers representing the victims have filed a lawsuit in federal court in Maryland against the United States government. The Guatemalans are demanding compensation for the damage done to their health, families, and communities due to the government's unethical actions more than 60 years ago. Lawyers have noted that the lawsuit is essential to the victims as they seek transparency and recognition of the severe human rights violations. Furthermore, the lawsuit provides them with the opportunity to gain closure and redress towards the trauma they experienced from the brutal experimentation. The United States has a long history of unethical and inhumane experimentation in the name of science. The exposure of the secret study in Guatemala echoes the horrors that took place in the infamous Tuskegee study where the US Public Health Service intentionally infected African-American men with syphilis without their knowledge or consent between 1932 and 1972. The United States government must be held accountable for its actions regarding the unethical research it conducted on vulnerable populations. The victims and their families deserve closure, redress, and reparation for crimes committed so long ago. The lawsuit is an essential step towards the recognition of human rights violations, and to prevent similar atrocities from happening again.