article: (CNN) -- Narain Karthikeyan says India is brimming with excitement on the eve of the country's first ever Formula One grand prix. The Buddh International Circuit, 50km outside the capital New Delhi, is set to welcome the world's fastest drivers at the weekend as it makes its Formula One debut and Karthikeyan thinks the event could spark a huge boom in the sport's popularity. As the only native driver in the race, Karthikeyan believes Sunday's Grand Prix is an important landmark both for himself and his country. "It is an historic and symbolic moment that an Indian driver is on the grid and, of course, there is a lot following Formula One for a long time," the Hispania Racing Team driver told F1's official website. "There will be a lot of fans here. It will be hard to explain but it is what it is. I want to enjoy the weekend, have a lot of fun, and try and do the best I can do. "I just want to enjoy the whole atmosphere. My family, everyone is coming. It is a huge day for Indian motorsport." Karthikeyan, who became India's first ever F1 driver in 2004, says a solid following has built up for the sport since the races were televised in 1993. And he thinks India's maiden grand prix will only increase the country's thirst for motorsport. He added: "Once Formula One is here the exposure will create a big opportunity for the young drivers and for the whole motorsport infrastructure to grow. We are all looking forward to it. India is different to China. "There has been a lot of interest in Formula One for a long time. It has been that long, since 1993, that it has been on TV live here and I think it is going to be very good for the sport and all the motorsport fraternity here is very, very excited." Karthikeyan also said the track at the Buddh International Circuit should make for an exciting race. "With the circuit, again like everybody else, it is wide in some places, I am sure lots of different lines you are going to see, lots of overtaking," he said. "It is definitely a very challenging circuit, with lots of run off areas and so on, so they have done a very good job, no doubt."
highlights: Narain Karthikeyan says the Indian Grand Prix is huge for his country . Indian Formula One driver says the race can boost the sport's popularity . Sunday's Indian Grand Prix is the first to be held in the country . Karthikeyan calls it a historic moment for himself and for India .
id: e908f2e14af7af5340c83726f333bacfd4838aba
chatgpt: On Sunday, the Indian Grand Prix took place, and for Indian born Formula One driver Narain Karthikeyan, it was a significant event not only for himself but for his country. Narain Karthikeyan said that the race was huge for his country and can be instrumental in increasing the popularity of the sport on home soil.  The Indian Grand Prix is a historic moment for the country as it marks the first time an F1 race has been held in India. Narain Karthikeyan, who raced for the Spanish Hispania team, was overwhelmed with the excitement of the home crowd as he took to the track.  Karthikeyan stated that the Indian Grand Prix was crucial for the development of the sport in the country. He believes that the hype and attention that the race generated would go a long way in increasing the interest of the sport throughout India.  Moreover, Karthikeyan's participation in the Indian Grand Prix was monumental for he became the first Indian to ever race in F1. He was already an iconic figure in India even before the race, having spent nearly five years in Formula One.  The Indian Grand Prix brought together fans from all over the country, with some travelling vast distances to experience the event live. The race, which was held at the Buddh International Circuit in Greater Noida, was an exemplary display of the partnership between the sport and the country. Karthikeyan also emphasized the role of the fans in the development of the sport. He thinks that it is the fans who will drive the growth of the sport from this point on. He mentioned that he hoped the high-octane event would lead to more awareness about the sport within the country. The significance of the Indian Grand prix was certainly not lost on anyone, least of all Narain Karthikeyan. He harbors the belief that the sport can now go on to achieve greater heights in the country.  In conclusion, the Indian Grand Prix was a momentous occasion that captured the hearts and imaginations of millions all across India. The race has given people new heroes to root for and look up to, making it an incredible success that will forever be etched in the history of Indian motorsport.