article: By . Ian Ladyman . Follow @@Ian_Ladyman_DM . and Craig Hope . Follow @@CraigHope01 . PICTURE OF THE DAY . Good job Germany boss Joachim Low took his sunglasses for a summer holiday in Brazil. He nailed the Sir Cliff Richard look but it’ll be congratulations all round if his side beat Brazil. Fashion: Joachim Low rocking some aviators that are very similar to a pair owned by Cliff Richard . Voodoo priest hopes to turn tables on Germany . A Brazilian voodoo priest will attempt to inflict some black magic on Germany ahead of Tuesday’s game by cursing a doll of their most important player on his altar. It’s just a shame he couldn’t use his powers to protect Neymar… . Brazil squad breed fighting spirit . If Brazil fly out the traps against Germany it might have something to do with how they spend their leisure time. Stars including David Luiz and Julio Cesar cheered on countryman Lyoto Machida during an Ultimate Fighting Championship bout in Las Vegas. Eyes on the fight: The Brazilian World Cup squad watched Lyoto Machida face off against Chris Weidman . Battle: Lyoto Machida (left) lost out to unbeaten American Chris Weidman in their title bout . Now you see me, now you don't . The vanishing spray used by referees at the World Cup may soon appear in the Premier League. The foam made from vegetable oil derivatives — which will be used in the Champions League next season — is expected to be discussed by Premier League clubs after referees’ chief Mike Riley filed a report on its application in the World Cup. Bundesliga leading the way . Germany’s Bundesliga is the best represented league in the World Cup semi-finals with almost a quarter of players hailing from there. The Premier League (20) is a close second. Italy's Serie A trails behind with 14 representatives while Holland's win over Costa Rica has helped boost the Eredivisie numbers to 10. Hosts feel the heat at last-four stage . Brazil should beware the curse of the semi-finals. In three of the last six World Cups the host nation has exited at the last-four stage (Italy 1990, South Korea 2002 and Germany 2006). Relaxed: Stand-in captain David Luiz will lead Brazil out against Germany with Thiago Silva suspended . Best of the bets . Our top tipsters Brian Lee and Chris Cutmore go head to head with today’s best bets. Best-bet Brian . 9/2 - Germany as party-poopers, a role they have thrived in since before Franz Beckenbauer was a boy. Get on Thomas Muller to score in a win for the Germans. Cut-price Chris . 11/1 - A World Cup semi- final with Germany can only end in a predictable victory on penalties, right? Maybe not this time. Brazil to win a shootout is a nice 11/1. In-form: You can get odds of 9/1 for Thomas Muller to score in a Germany win against Brazil on Tuesday .
highlights: Germany boss was spotted wearing some flash aviators during training . A Brazilian voodoo priest is hoping to curse a Germany player . Luiz Felipe Scolari's squad are breeding a fighting spirit by watching UFC . Brazil are hoping to avoid the fate of three of the last six host nations .
id: 342acc334b21e6d8e5cd231701a01de3fca394f8
chatgpt: Germany boss Joachim Löw has been making headlines recently for his flashy choice of eyewear during the team's training sessions. The head coach was spotted wearing aviator sunglasses, which have caused quite a stir among fans and pundits alike. However, it's not just Löw's fashion choices that have caught the attention of the media. A Brazilian voodoo priest has reportedly been hired by some fans to put a curse on one of the German players. The hope is that the curse will give Brazil an advantage in their upcoming match against Germany. Luiz Felipe Scolari's squad are also doing their part to gain an edge in the competition. They have been breeding a fighting spirit by watching Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC) matches in their spare time. The intense nature of UFC bouts is believed to inspire the Brazilian footballers to push themselves harder on the pitch. Brazil's hopes for success in the World Cup extend beyond just beating Germany in their upcoming match. They are hoping to avoid the fate of three of the last six host nations, which have failed to make it past the quarterfinals of the tournament. The pressure is certainly on for the Brazilian team, who are facing high expectations from their home country. They have a storied footballing history and will be eager to add another World Cup victory to their record. However, Germany is a formidable opponent and will surely offer a tough challenge for the hosts. The two teams have a longstanding rivalry, and there is no love lost between them. Despite the tension between the two sides, both teams have prepared well for the upcoming match. Germany's players have been hitting the gym hard and practicing their skills relentlessly, while Brazil has been focused on building their cohesion as a team. The match promises to be a thrilling encounter, with both teams giving it their all on the pitch. Will Brazil be able to break the curse of past host nations and secure a place in the semifinals? Or will Germany snuff out their hopes and advance to the next round? Only time will tell, but one thing is for sure – the world will be watching as these two footballing giants do battle on the pitch.