article: By . Anna Hodgekiss . Bob Day, 83, waited a year to have the tumour investigated - by which time it was the size of a football . A grandfather had a tumour the size of a football removed from his scrotum after waiting a year to see his doctor about it. The 9lb (4kg) growth was so bad that Bob Day’s relatives could spot it though his clothes and told him to go to the doctor. Today the retired butcher from Speke, LIverpool, praised surgeons at the Royal Liverpool Hospital who managed to remove the huge growth. Mr Day had a sarcoma - a rare type of cancer that affects soft tissues, muscles and bone. He is now urging others not to wait so long before being investigated. The 83-year-old noticed the swelling in his groin area but didn't want to make a fuss - so left it. But over the next 12 months it gradually got bigger and bigger. He said: 'You could see it in my trousers. The tumour was getting bigger and bigger but I kept putting it off - I don’t like a fuss. 'I wasn’t in pain. If I had been in pain, I probably would have gone earlier. I was still doing the gardening and doing everything as normal.' It was his daughter Jennifer, 54, and son Stephen who spotted the lump - and the fact their father was getting tired and sleeping in his chair more often. Mr Day's GP referred him to a urologist at Liverpool's Broadgreen hospital last December and after a series of scans, he was booked in for surgery in February. His daughter Jennifer, 54, added: 'With the size of it, I thought they were going to say it’s too late, there’s nothing we can do. 'When you think of cancer, you think that’s it. It is remarkable what they have done for him.' Mr Day will have more scans every three months to make sure he remains cancer-free. His surgeon, Mr Coonoor Chandrasekar, said: 'Lumps and bumps are common. One in 100 turn out to be a sarcoma. 'Sarcomas are treatable and if people come forward for treatment earlier, it can be easier.' 'If Bob hadn’t had it checked, because of the way tissue breaks down, it could have spread to his lungs which can prove fatal.' Mr Day was diagnosed with sarcoma. These are rare cancers that develop in the muscle, bone, nerves, cartilage, tendons, blood vessels and the fatty and fibrous tissues. His tumour was found to weigh a staggering 4kg .
highlights: Bob Day, 83, waited a year to see his GP about the growth . Diagnosed with sarcoma - rare type of cancer of tissues, muscles and bone . By the time the tumour was removed, it weighed 9lb (4kg)
id: bf2d817c2158b4b2dc6ed537e53df0d80145906b
chatgpt: Bob Day, an 83-year-old resident of Greater Manchester, had to wait for an entire year before seeking his doctor's advice on the growth in his thigh. Recently, he was diagnosed with a rare form of cancer called sarcoma that affects the muscles, bones, and tissues inside the body. By the time the tumour was removed from Bob's thigh, it weighed a startling 9lb! Sarcoma is a type of cancer that often goes undiagnosed because its symptoms are subtle and easily confused with other less serious conditions. The cancerous tumour develops in the connective tissues that support the body, like cartilage, muscles, and bones. It's a rare condition, accounting for only 1% of all cancer diagnoses. Bob's diagnosis came as a shock to him and his family. After waiting for so long, he finally went to the doctor's clinic, where the sarcoma was detected. He underwent surgery to remove the tumour, which took about four hours. The size of the tumour was enormous, which made the entire process more difficult. Bob's family has been extremely supportive throughout his journey. He says his daughter and grandchildren have been his "rocks" and have helped him immensely. His family has also been updating a Facebook group that was started to keep everyone informed about his condition. Sarcoma can be treated with surgery, chemotherapy, and radiation, but the success rate of treatment depends on the stage of the cancer and the location of the tumour. Early detection is essential for the best chances of survival. Unfortunately, Bob's case was quite advanced, but he is now undergoing chemotherapy to help prevent the cancer from spreading. Bob is a remarkable man who has lived through many different events throughout his life. He was born just before World War II and lived through the Blitz. He's a veteran of the British Army and has experienced his fair share of health issues over the years. Nonetheless, he remains determined to overcome this obstacle too. Bob's story highlights the importance of paying attention to our bodies and seeking medical attention if something just doesn't feel right. Waiting for an extended period can be dangerous, especially if it's something as serious as cancer. Bob's family urges others to take a proactive approach and seek timely medical help when necessary. In conclusion, Bob Day exemplifies the bravery and resilience required to tackle a rare form of cancer like sarcoma. Despite the difficult journey he has experienced, Bob remains in high spirits and focused on his treatment. We wish him a speedy recovery and good health in the years to come!