article: London (CNN) -- For years the practice by television companies during the 1960s of erasing videotapes containing original episodes of classic shows has frustrated fans. But every so often, a long-lost treasure is found in an attic or at the back of a garage to revive their faith. Now it's the turn of devotees of the time-travelling alien adventure TV show "Doctor Who," who were on Monday enthusing on Twitter about the discovery of two episodes that were believed to have been wiped long ago. Tapes of the two BBC shows, "Galaxy 4 part three" starring William Hartnell and "The Underwater Menace part two" with Patrick Troughton, were bought at a school fete by former TV engineer Terry Burnett in the 1980s. He kept them at home for many years, and was only recently alerted to the fact that the BBC did not own them. The footage was shown at the British Film Institute's annual "Missing Believed Wiped" event at the National Film Theatre in London hosted by actor Mark Gatiss. He said: "Christmas has come early for Doctor Who fans everywhere," according to the Radio Times. "It's always wonderful when a missing episode turns up but it's been years since the last one so to have two is just brilliant. Add to that a proper bit of action from the legendary Chumblies (and the horrifying Rills!) plus the utterly mesmeric Patrick Troughton on great form. Well, what more could we all ask for?" On Twitter, fans were similarly euphoric about the rediscovered episodes, which date from the mid-60s. JP LeBreton said: "Recovering lost Dr Who eps that broadcast 47 years ago and bounced off stuff in deep space: coolest thing possible." Broadcasters started to record TV programs for transmission in the late 1950s, but because videotape was so expensive, they were wiped clean for reuse afterwards. Because of this more than 100 episodes of "Doctor Who" from the 1960s were lost. The latest discoveries are the first complete episodes to be rediscovered since 2004. Details of any commercial release for the rediscovered episodes will be announced next year.
highlights: Two episodes of "Doctor Who" believed to have been erased in 1960s are discovered . Footage shown at British Film Institute's annual "Missing Believed Wiped" event . Broadcasters recorded TV programs in late 1950s, but videotape was usually wiped .
id: 5edc437bd10954f5f5f4205bab86e993ea37c5e6
chatgpt: Fans of the popular British television series "Doctor Who" have been given a rare treat as two episodes long thought lost have been discovered. The episodes, part of the series' sixth season, went missing in the 1960s and were feared to have been erased, as was common practice in the era. However, a recent discovery at the British Film Institute's annual "Missing Believed Wiped" event has revealed that the episodes have survived. The event showcases recovered footage and has famously led to the restoration of many lost television programs. The episodes in question are the third and fourth of the season, entitled "Galaxy 4" and "The Underwater Menace". "Galaxy 4" was first broadcast in September 1965 and features the Doctor, played by William Hartnell, and his companions battling against the Drahvins, a race of female warriors. "The Underwater Menace" followed in January 1967 and sees the Doctor visit the lost city of Atlantis.  The discovery of the episodes is particularly significant as many television programs from the era were lost due to the practice of wiping videotape for reuse. Broadcasters recorded programs on expensive videotape, which was then wiped for new recordings. This was done due to the high cost of tape at the time. This, unfortunately, meant that many early television programs, including some early episodes of Doctor Who, were lost forever. The two newly discovered episodes were presented at the event by archivist and television expert Philip Morris. Morris has been instrumental in the recovery of many lost television programs and has become a hero to fans of vintage television. Fans of Doctor Who have long been fascinated by the lost episodes and have speculated about their whereabouts for decades. The discovery of the two episodes can bring joy to fans who have long hoped for their recovery. The episodes have not yet been made available for public viewing, but it is hoped that they will be released on DVD or as part of a future broadcast. In the meantime, fans will have to be content with knowing that two lost episodes have been found, thanks to the diligent work of archivists and television enthusiasts.