article: Xherdan Shaqiri is confident he has made the right decision to join Inter Milan after turning down offers to join the Barclays Premier League in the January transfer window. The Switzerland international joined Inter from Bayern Munich last week and has signed a contract that will keep him at San Siro until June 2019. The 23-year-old midfielder had been strongly linked with a move to England, where Everton, Liverpool and Stoke were reportedly keen to acquire his services. Xherdan Shaqiri has revealed he rejected interest from England to join Roberto Mancini's Inter Milan . Shaqiri was linked with a move to Everton, Liverpool and Stoke but had his heart set on a move to Inter . Inter unveiled Shaqiri on Wednesday and he told the Italian press: 'I had offers from England and Germany but my wish was to join Inter. 'Juventus was also an option but I wanted Inter. 'I spoke to (Inter coach Roberto) Mancini on the phone and he explained the project to me and it really had an impact. 'The choice was very clear. Moreover, the idea to play in a new league fascinated me.' Shaqiri joined Bayern from Basle in 2012 and won two Bundesliga medals and the 2013 Champions League with the German club, but he struggled to establish himself in the first team. The 23-year-old, pictured with fellow new boy Lukas Podolski, could make his Inter debut at the weekend . 'I wan't totally happy at Bayern,' he said. 'I didn't have much playing time. 'But I've learned a lot at Bayern and I will try to make the most of my time at Inter. I need to play consistently in order to prove how much I'm worth. 'I am hungry for success. I can't wait to get started. 'I want to help Inter return to be at the top in Italy and in Europe. I hope that with this jersey I can return to win titles.' Shaqiri could make his Inter debut on Saturday when Inter face Empoli in Tuscany. Inter, who are currently ninth in Serie A, are still alive in both the Coppa Italia and the Europa League, where they will face Celtic in last 32.
highlights: Inter Milan signed Swiss playmaker Xherdan Shaqiri from Bayern Munich . Shaqiri was linked with a move to Everton, Liverpool and Stoke . However he was keen on working with Roberto Mancini at Inter .
id: 41e0228d7a02f637819510faecfa71bc5e3cbb15
chatgpt: Inter Milan has announced the signing of Swiss playmaker Xherdan Shaqiri from Bayern Munich, putting an end to speculation about his future. Shaqiri had been linked with a move to Premier League clubs like Everton, Liverpool, and Stoke City, but he ultimately chose to sign with the Serie A side.  Shaqiri is considered a valuable addition to the Inter Milan squad, as his creativity and technical skills will be useful in the midfield. The 23-year-old had played for Bayern Munich since 2012, winning two Bundesliga titles, two DFB-Pokal trophies, and a Champions League title during his time there.  Despite his success with Bayern Munich, Shaqiri had struggled to earn a regular spot in the starting lineup under manager Pep Guardiola. This led to rumors that he may be interested in seeking more playing time elsewhere.  Several Premier League clubs had reportedly shown interest in Shaqiri's services, with Everton, Liverpool, and Stoke City all linked to the player. However, it was Shaqiri's desire to work with Inter Milan manager Roberto Mancini that ultimately convinced him to make the move to Italy.  Mancini has a reputation for developing and getting the best out of attacking players, and it seems that Shaqiri is eager to learn from the Italian manager. Speaking after signing his contract with Inter Milan, Shaqiri expressed his excitement about the new challenge that awaits him.  "I am very happy to be joining Inter Milan, one of the biggest clubs in Europe," Shaqiri said. "I am looking forward to working with Roberto Mancini and my new teammates to help the team achieve its goals this season." Shaqiri is expected to make an immediate impact with Inter Milan, with his versatile skillset making him a valuable asset for Mancini's team. Inter Milan is currently in ninth place in the Serie A table, and the addition of Shaqiri could help the team make a push up the standings. Only time will tell if Shaqiri's decision to join Inter Milan was the right one, but the player seems eager to prove himself and contribute to the team's success. Fans of both Inter Milan and Shaqiri will be looking forward to seeing what the player can do on the pitch in the coming weeks and months.