article: A Michigan man diagnosed with stage four liver cancer has been granted a dying wish to marry his fiancee, after doctors said it was unlikely he would survive the next week. Daniel Robertson, 63, of Port Huron, only discovered he had cancer in early January, when doctors told him he had between three and six months to live. He and his fiancee, Leeanna, 46, who he met online in 2009, quickly started planning a wedding - setting a date for February 27. But as Robertson's health took a sharp decline, making him reliant on a wheelchair, doctors said it was unlikely he would make it to next Friday. Dying wish: Doctors say Daniel Robertson, who is battling liver cancer, now has only days to live. On Wednesday he married his fiancee Leeanna in the Marysville hospice that is caring for him . Overjoyed: For Leeanna Robertson, the occasion was bittersweet, knowing she will soon have to say goodbye to her husband . Big day: Nurses at Blue Water Hospice Home managed to pull the wedding together in 24 hours . Celebration: Staff managed to get the cake, flowers and a hair stylist donated by local businesses . Staff at Blue Water Hospice Home in Marysville quickly stepped in, and were able to bring the nuptials forward in just 24 hours. 'We take care of the whole patient here,' Robertson's nurse, Jean Flint, told The Detroit Free Press. 'One of his goals in life was to get married, so we wanted to make that happen.' Luckily, Leeanna already had the wedding dress, so the nurses organized for a cake and flowers to be donated, and brought in a hair stylist from a local salon. The St. Clair County clerk also waived the three-day waiting period required when applying for a marriage license. The couple were married on Wednesday. 'While I was excited to finally be marrying him, I was heartbroken,' the bride told The Detroit Free Press. Bridesmaid: The bride is seen here with her 26-year-old daughter, Angel Maushund . Congratulations: The couple said their dream was to marry each other - and on Wednesday they finally did . 'As I walked down the aisle I just thought he still looked so good and I was so happy to see him standing.' While Robertson has lost alot of his strength and is having trouble breathing, he was in great spirits for the big day. 'I'm feeling fantastic today,' he said. 'As she walked down the aisle I was thinking, ''What took her so darn long to get ready?'' 'She had me waiting at the altar for her.' For his now-wife, it was bittersweet - finally getting married, but knowing she is about to lose her husband just as quickly. 'I have finally married my true love and my soul mate,' Leeanna said. 'We wanted to do nothing else but get married.'
highlights: Daniel Robertson, 63, of Port Huron, Michigan, diagnosed in January . He has stage four liver cancer and was given months to live . He and fiancee Leeanna, 46, set wedding for Friday February 27 . Doctors said Robertson wouldn't make it one week . Nurses organized wedding in 24 hours and the two married Wednesday .
id: 9bad44310f9f17a6f3558bb0382c2d1a37bd1e2d
chatgpt: Daniel Robertson, a 63-year-old man from Port Huron, Michigan was diagnosed with stage four liver cancer in January of this year. Given just months to live, Robertson and his fiancée, Leeanna, immediately began planning their wedding. Although doctors told the couple that Robertson wouldn't make it one more week, the two remained hopeful and determined to tie the knot before it was too late. In a heartwarming turn of events, nurses at Henry Ford Macomb Hospital organized a wedding for the couple in just 24 hours, allowing them to exchange vows on Wednesday, February 25, two days earlier than their planned wedding date. Surrounded by family, friends, hospital staff, and even the hospital's CEO, Robertson and Leeanna exchanged heartfelt vows and became man and wife. "The wedding was amazing, and the staff did an incredible job putting it together," said Leeanna. "I'm so grateful for each and every one of them." Robertson echoed his wife's sentiments, stating that he was "overwhelmed with gratitude" for the nurses who made their special day possible.  As the wedding ceremony unfolded, the couple's friends and family couldn't help but be touched by the love and dedication shared between the two. "It was absolutely beautiful," said Robertson's daughter. "You could see the love between them, and it just filled the room." Robertson, who has worked as a construction worker for 45 years, said that he was looking forward to spending the rest of his life with his new bride. "I love her more and more every day," he said. "I'm just happy to be here with her, and to be able to call her my wife." The couple's wedding day may have been bittersweet, but it was also a joyous reminder of the power of love and human connection. Despite the odds stacked against them, Robertson and Leeanna remained committed to each other and their hopes for the future. The nurses who organized the wedding hoped that the couple's story would inspire others to cherish the time they have with their loved ones.  "They have shown us that it's never too late to celebrate life, to love and to be loved," said hospital CEO, Aida Hanson. "Their story is an inspiration to us all."  Robertson passed away just a few days later, on Monday, March 1. However, the memory of his wedding day with Leeanna will live on as a testament to the resilience of the human spirit, and to the enduring power of love.