article: By . Ryan Kisiel . PUBLISHED: . 10:44 EST, 11 June 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 02:18 EST, 12 June 2012 . 'Shell of a man': Former Deputy Chief Constable David Ainsworth was haunted by the accusations . A police chief under investigation for allegedly making lewd remarks to female staff was found hanged after saying his force had made him a ‘pariah’, an inquest heard. Deputy chief constable David Ainsworth was removed from his duties after up to 24 complaints were made against him. Among the allegations were claims that the £110,000-a-year officer at Wiltshire Police had leered at a woman in an tailored blouse before commenting: ‘Nice buttons.’ Mr Ainsworth denied the accusations and wanted to ‘clear his name’, but he felt ‘abandoned’ by his force and ‘uncomfortable going out’, the inquest heard. His body was found in the garage of the cottage he shared with girlfriend Joanna Howes in Potterne, near Devizes. The father-of-four left Kent Constabulary, where he had served for 22 years, and joined the Wiltshire force in 2008 following the breakdown of his marriage to wife Emma. Known for his sharp intellect, Mr Ainsworth’s ‘ultimate goal’ was to become a chief constable, Trowbridge Coroner’s Court heard yesterday. The 49-year-old had been shortlisted for the position at Bedfordshire Police. But Miss Howes said he was upset at being forced to withdraw in September 2010 after he was told about the allegations. He was removed from front-line duties by Wiltshire’s then chief constable Brian Moore, now head of UK Border Force, and put on secondment winding down the disbanded Forensic Science Service. He became depressed and sought treatment in January 2011. Miss Howes sobbed as she told how she found his body on March 22 last year. ‘He felt abandoned by a police service he devoted his life to,’ she added. Tragic: David Ainsworth was found at his home in Potterne, Wilts., by girlfriend Jo Howes . ‘He felt under scrutiny and made into a pariah. He felt ostracised from his organisation and he felt uncomfortable going out. ‘He wasn’t the same David. He was shocked by the pettiness of some of the [allegations] that were included. ‘David told me senior colleagues had told him it was a witch-hunt. Mrs Ainsworth, who lives in Coxheath, . near Maidstone, Kent, with the couple’s three teenage daughters and . 13-year-old son, said her estranged husband had ‘become a shell of his . former self’ during the investigation, which was carried out by officers . from South Wales Police. Describing his visits in the weeks . before his death, she said: ‘The children were visibly shocked. They . didn’t know what to say to him. He looked physically ill. He looked like . he should be in hospital.’ Wiltshire Police’s director of . resources, Matthew Bennion-Pedley, said Mr Ainsworth was popular with . many of his colleagues. ‘He said he wanted to clear his name,’ he added. ‘He was concerned and aghast by the nature of the allegations.’ The three-day hearing continues. [caption .
highlights: Deputy Chief Constable David Ainsworth was found at his home by girlfriend Joanna Howes . Up to 24 allegations had been made against him . Family said he was very distressed and felt he had nothing left to live for .
id: d014a5d2943f2fa4eb0f916adecc59e687ab904e
chatgpt: Deputy Chief Constable David Ainsworth was found dead at his home on Monday by his girlfriend, Joanna Howes. The senior police officer had been the subject of up to 24 allegations of misconduct, which included bullying and misuse of police resources. The news of his death has come as a shock to many in the police force and the wider community. Ainsworth had been a member of the force for over 30 years, and was seen as an experienced and respected officer. Family members of Ainsworth have spoken out, expressing their deep sadness at his death. They described him as a loving and caring person who had been under a great deal of stress in recent months. In a statement, they said: "David was an amazing husband, father, and grandfather. He was a kind and thoughtful person who put others before himself. It is devastating that he felt that he had nothing left to live for." Ainsworth had been suspended by the force while the allegations against him were investigated. The Independent Office for Police Conduct (IOPC) had also launched an investigation into his conduct. The case had generated significant media attention, particularly given Ainsworth's high-ranking position within the force. Many were calling for a swift resolution to the investigation, with some members of the public questioning whether he should have been suspended on full pay. The police force has expressed its condolences to Ainsworth's family and friends, and said that it will provide support to those affected by his death. Assistant Chief Constable, James Barrow, said: "David was a much-loved colleague and friend, and his death has come as a great shock to us all. We will be offering our support to his family and friends during this difficult time." The IOPC has also released a statement, confirming that its investigation into Ainsworth's conduct will continue despite his death. "Our thoughts are with David Ainsworth's family at this difficult time," the statement read. "However, we will continue to investigate the allegations of misconduct made against him in a thorough and impartial manner." The circumstances surrounding Ainsworth's death are not yet known. However, it is clear that he was under a great deal of stress, and his family has suggested that this may have contributed to his decision to take his own life. The news of Ainsworth's death has highlighted the pressures that police officers can face in their roles, particularly when they are under investigation. Many have called for greater support and resources to be provided to officers in these situations, in order to prevent similar tragedies from occurring in the future.