article: An unsuspecting Reddit user was left shaking when billionaire Bill Gates revealed he was her online secret Santa. The lucky 25-year-old, known only by her username calid7, received a Marvel Comics supervillain helmet, a book and a giant poliovirus stuffed toy from the Microsoft founder, as part of the Redditgifts gift exchange. 'I can not believe it,' calid7 wrote. 'I am literally shaking right now I AM IN SHOCK (someone get me a blanket!). Scroll down for video . Reddit user calid7 posted this picture online after opening her secret Santa presents . This is not the first time Bill Gates  has been involved with the online present exchange . 'The amazing human being Bill Gates sent me a Loki Helmet which I have been dying to own ever since the first Thor movie came out!! 'I also got an amazing coffee table book of gorgeous pictures of Africa (somewhere I desperately want to go, its on my bucket list!) with an inscription and a giant microbes polio virus stuffed animal!' In the post uploaded on December 17, calid7, who loves 'just about everything to come out of the UK', said the horns were cracked but she is sure she can fix them. A donation was also made in her name to Shot@Life - a project providing life-saving vaccines to children. She added: 'I can't even begin to describe how incredible it makes me feel knowing that he made this donation in my name! "I always donate what I can for charities, which is never much cause money is always extremely tight, it really makes me glow!' This is not the first time the world's richest person has been involved with the gift exchange, which began connecting internet strangers around the world in 2009. Last year, 24-year-old Reddit user Rachel, who posts under the username NY1227, received a $40 travel book and a $25 stuffed cow, along with an undisclosed donation to the non-profit Heifer International. It seems calid7's cat was also pleased with the gifts. The Reddit user wrote: 'MY cat thanks Mr. Bill gates for the best christmas gift ever, a mountain of paper to play on! She absolutely loves it...' Mystery parcel: calid7 also received a book containing photographs of Africa .
highlights: She'd wanted the helmet worn by villain Loki in the Thor movies for years . The woman - known only by her Reddit name Calid7 - also received a poliovirus stuffed toy and a book of photographs . The Redditgifts online exchange connects internet strangers for Secret Santa exchange . A donation was also made in her name to Shot@Life, which provides life-saving vaccines to children .
id: b1178b8584b287563eeb503ec2c8349d537d6279
chatgpt: A lucky Redditor has received a dream gift from her Secret Santa exchange: the helmet worn by villain Loki in the Thor movies. Known only by her Reddit handle, Calid7 had been longing for the helmet for years, and was over the moon to finally add it to her collection of movie memorabilia. But that wasn't all she received. Her Secret Santa, also an internet stranger, also gifted her a poliovirus stuffed toy and a book of photographs. The Redditgifts online exchange connects people from all over the world for a festive Secret Santa exchange, and Calid7 struck gold with her thoughtful Santa. What's more, a donation was made in her name to Shot@Life, an organization that provides life-saving vaccines to children. So not only did Calid7 get a cool new addition to her collection, but her gift also made a positive impact on children's health worldwide. The exchange is just one of many held annually on Redditgifts, which has been bringing people together since 2009. Participants sign up to receive a gift from a complete stranger, and in turn, they are matched with someone else to send a gift to. But it's more than just receiving a gift. The exchanges have become a heartwarming way for people to connect with others from all walks of life, showcasing the kindness and generosity that can be found online. Calid7's Loki helmet is just one example of the unique gifts exchanged through the platform. Other notable gifts this year included a custom-made Billie Eilish ukulele, handmade mittens based on the recipient's dog, and a miniature version of the recipient's house made entirely out of gingerbread. With the world feeling more divided than ever, the Redditgifts exchange serves as a reminder that kindness and humanity still exist. As participants continue to sign up for the exchange year after year, it's clear that the spirit of giving and receiving knows no bounds. For Calid7, her dream gift will surely be treasured for years to come, a token of the kindness and thoughtfulness that can be found through the power of the internet.