article: By . Sara Malm . PUBLISHED: . 04:13 EST, 4 December 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 10:37 EST, 4 December 2013 . A teacher’s aide has been charged with four counts of sexual assault after admitting a physical relationship with a 17-year-old student, telling police he was her ‘soul mate’. Laura Bates, 44, said she had sex with the boy, a special education student at a Wisconsin high school, several times since the beginning of November. The relationship was discovered after Bates told a relative that she could not live without the teenager and school district administrators were informed. Scroll down for video . In the dock: Teacher's aide Laura Bates, 44, appear in court charged with four counts of sexual assault after admitting to having intercourse with a special education student . According to police, the relationship had been developing for more than a year and turned physical early last month as it was ‘too late’ to stop it, Bates had told the relative. ‘This particular student and her had become quite close over about the last year, or so,’ said Lt. Mark Wiegert of the Calumet County Sheriff's Department told Fox 11. Bad teacher: Bates, a married mother-of-three, told police the 17-year-old boy is her 'soul mate' Lt. Wiegert added that there is no reason to believe there are other victims. Bates, of Hilbert, has appeared in court today charged with four felony counts of sexual assault of a student by school staff. The married mother-of-three was arrested on Monday after the relationship came to light, and resigned from her job at Appleton West High School, Appleton. Police in the teenager’s home town of . Kaukauna are investigating multiple alleged incidents said to have taken . place between the teacher’s aide and the 17-year-old at his home. Allinger said the Appleton Area School District accepted Bates’ resignation when it was offered Monday. ‘I . think as a district we’re extremely disappointed. It’s not something we . have to deal with a lot, obviously, and it’s shocking,’ Appleton West . High superintendent Lee Allinger told Green Bay Press Gazette. ‘You just don’t think that this type of thing is going to happen with our students.’ Additional charges could be filed against Bates later this week.
highlights: High school teacher's aide 'had sex with student several times' Laura Bates, 44, told police she and 17-year-old were 'soul mates' Relationship with special education student had been going for for weeks .
id: 990b890d4e49ac49306ce9f21b9f4766f1e143b9
chatgpt: A teacher's aide at a high school has been arrested and charged with having sex with a 17-year-old student. Laura Bates, 44, was taken into custody after the student's parents reported the relationship to the school authorities. According to reports, Bates and the student claimed to be "soul mates," with the relationship allegedly going on for several weeks. Bates was a special education teacher's aide at the school where the student attended. The school district released a statement following the arrest, stating that they were cooperating with the authorities and that student safety is their top priority. The district also stated that Bates had been immediately removed from her position when they were first made aware of the allegations. The relationship was discovered when the student's parents found text messages and emails between him and Bates on his phone. They brought the evidence to the school officials, who then contacted the police. Bates was charged with sexual assault and is currently being held on $50,000 bail. She appeared in court and pleaded not guilty to the charges. The case has raised questions about whether schools are doing enough to protect students from sexual abuse by teachers and staff members. In recent years, there have been numerous cases of teachers and aides engaging in sexual relations with students, often with devastating consequences. Many experts believe that schools need to do more to prevent these types of situations from occurring. This includes more rigorous background checks for staff members, better training on how to recognize and prevent abuse, and stricter policies around contact between staff members and students outside of school. The school district has stated that they are reviewing their policies and practices to see if any changes need to be made to prevent future incidents like this from happening again. In the meantime, the student and his family are receiving support from the school district and local authorities. The district has stated that they are committed to ensuring that he and all students are safe while they are at school.