article: By . Alex Greg for MailOnline . Almost three months after she lost the ability walk after an horrific ATV accident left her paralyzed from the waist down, Olympic swimmer Any Van Dyken-Rouen has taken her first steps on bionic legs. Van Dyken-Rouen, 41, severed her spine when an ATV rolled on top of her after it flipped over an embankment near the home she shares with her husband, former Denver Broncos player Tom Rouen, near their home in Show Lo, Arizona on June 6. Soon after the accident, she appeared on the Today Show and vowed she would walk again - and on Thursday, she did. Unwavering: Amy van Dyken-Rouen stated after her accident that she was determined to walk again . Standing tall: Van Dyken-Rouen captioned this image she posted to Instagram: 'Standing with my hubby' The six-time gold medalist has been working tirelessly at rehab and has documented her journey on social media. She has been unwaveringly positive about her prospects of walking again, and today she posted pictures and video of herself taking her very first post-accident steps. Deadspin reports that Van Dyken-Rouen was able to stand and walk for the first time using a powered orthosis, or exoskeleton. It's a remarkable advance in such a short period of time since her accident. The case was so serious that she and Rouen said their goodbyes before she went to surgery. Elite athlete: Van Dyken-Rouen's steely determination to walk again mirrors the resolve that netted her six Olympic gold medals in 1996 and 2000 . She told him to move on and be happy in his life, while he said he understood if she needed to leave him. 'One of the things that I told her was if... all this was too much and she wanted to go, she could go, and I'd understand,' Rouen recounted to Matt Lauer on the Today show. However, Van Dyken-Rouen is made of steelier stuff. She won six gold medals at the 1996 and 2000 Olympics. She posted pictures of her standing next to her husband for the first time in 11 weeks. She also managed to stand next to her husband for the first time in two-and-a-half months. 'Who’s excited to be walking around with an exoskeleton?' Van Dyken-Rouen tweeted Thursday. 'This chick!'
highlights: Amy Van Dyken-Rouen, 41, stood up and walked several steps Thursday . She was paralyzed from the waist down in an ATV accident 11 weeks ago . The six-time Olympic gold medal winner used bionic legs to walk .
id: 8f21588f809f1cb4d208cf642707af358b8d3e24
chatgpt: In a truly inspiring moment, Amy Van Dyken-Rouen, the six-time Olympic gold medal winner, stood up and walked several steps on Thursday. This incredible feat comes just 11 weeks after she was paralyzed from the waist down in an ATV accident. Using the latest in bionic technology, Van Dyken-Rouen was able to take her first steps since the accident. The technology, which has been years in the making, uses robotic legs to simulate the movements of walking. The bionic legs are controlled by a computer and allow the wearer to stand, walk, and even climb stairs. "I never thought I would walk again," said Van Dyken-Rouen. "It's an amazing feeling to be standing up and moving around again." The accident, which occurred on June 6, left Van Dyken-Rouen with a broken back and severed spinal cord. She underwent surgery the next day and was transferred to a rehabilitation center. For the past few months, she has been undergoing intensive therapy in an effort to regain as much mobility as possible. "I've been working hard every day," said Van Dyken-Rouen. "I refused to let this accident defeat me." The bionic legs that Van Dyken-Rouen used to walk are still in the testing phase, but they show great promise for those who have suffered from spinal cord injuries. In addition to their obvious physical benefits, the legs also provide a psychological boost to those who use them. For Van Dyken-Rouen, being able to stand and walk again is a sign of hope and a step towards recovery. "This is just the beginning," said Van Dyken-Rouen. "I'll continue to work hard and push myself to do more." Van Dyken-Rouen's courageous spirit and determination have made her an inspiration to many. Her journey to walk again has been a long one, but she has refused to give up. With the help of technology and her own indomitable spirit, she has taken her first steps towards a brighter future.