article: Les Kiss, the pioneer of the choke tackle, has rejected Wales coach Shaun Edwards' claims the technique is 'very dangerous'. Ireland assistant coach Kiss claimed Edwards was 'wide of the mark' to label the ploy 'a blight on the game', suggesting tackling with a bid to hold players off the ground leads to clashes of heads. Former Australia rugby league star Kiss devised the choke tackle in 2011, where defenders wrap up attackers and hold them off the ground to form a stagnant maul that wins a turnover via the scrum put-in. Jack Nowell is choke tackled by Dave Kearney (left) and Gordon D'Arcy at Twickenham last season . The choke tackle involves a defender wrapping his arms around the neck and chest of the ball-carrier — often one who is isolated and too upright — and preventing him from going to ground. With assistance from team-mates, this can lead to the ball being stripped or a maul forming, which can produce a penalty to the defending team if the opposition collapse it in their bid retrieve the ball. If a maul forms and the ball doesn’t emerge, the defending team will win the put-in at the subsequent scrum. Kiss defended Ireland's right to use the perfectly-legal tactic ahead of Joe Schmidt's side hosting England in Sunday's RBS 6 Nations Grand Slam eliminator. 'Look, there has been a little bit said. I've got a lot of respect for Shaun Edwards actually but I think he's a little bit wide of the mark saying it's the cause of a lot of concussions,' said Kiss. 'By virtue of the tackle itself you have to cool your jets a bit and wrap a bit more to get under the ball, so you actually have less heat in the collision to actually affect it properly. 'When you do a lot of chop tackles there's a danger there where you can get hit by knees and hips as well, so the baseline for us, we just try to coach as good technique as we can in whatever tackle we use. Les Kiss has rejected Wales coach Shaun Edwards' (pictured) claims the technique is 'very dangerous' 'It's one of the forms of tackle we have, we try to vary it up in a tactical sense as well, and a lot of clubs and countries are using it now as an effective weapon. 'But I don't think you can overuse it, and that's where England have been quite astute as well to mix up how they do use it. 'But I don't agree that it's a dangerous form of tackle that's for sure.'
highlights: Les Kiss rejected Shaun Edwards claim that choke tackle is dangerous . Ireland assistant coach Kiss devised the technique in 2011 . He defended the right for his side to use it ahead of England clash .
id: 032d189dce5209f742f95e027b997ad250c2f7c9
chatgpt: Ireland Assistant Coach Les Kiss has vehemently defended the use of the famous choke tackle, which he devised in 2011, ahead of their clash against England. Kiss's comments came in response to the recent claim made by former Wales rugby union coach Shaun Edwards that the choke tackle is a dangerous technique. According to Kiss, the choke tackle is a legitimate technique used by Ireland and other teams around the world, and there is no evidence that it is any more dangerous than any other tackle. He stated, "I don't think there's any evidence to suggest that it's a more dangerous tackle than other tackles that we might execute on the field."  Kiss also added that the choke tackle requires more skill and expertise than other tackles, as it relies on a group effort from the players to execute successfully. He said, "it's a very difficult action to execute. It takes a lot of skill and a lot of people working together to make it happen. So, it's not something that you just go out and do without a lot of preparation and without a lot of work going into it." The coach also pointed out that the technique has been used by his team and others around the world for many years, and there have not been any significant injuries as a result of it. Ireland has used the technique to great effect in recent games, with the likes of CJ Stander and Peter O'Mahony excelling in executing the choke tackle. Kiss went on to state that he is proud of the choke tackle and what it has achieved for Ireland in the past, and insists that it is still a vital part of their game plan. "We've used it over the years to good effect, and it's something that we're proud of. We've worked hard at it, and it's part of what we are."  The ongoing debate about the choke tackle has been a hot topic in the world of rugby, with many experts and coaches weighing in on its effectiveness and safety. However, Kiss remains adamant that the technique is not only safe but also a highly skilled maneuver that deserves to be celebrated. The Ireland assistant coach is confident that his team will continue to use the choke tackle in the upcoming match against England, and that it will be a key factor in their success. "We're going to go out there and execute our game plan and use the choke tackle as we see fit. It's part of what we do, and we're not going to shy away from it." As the debate about the choke tackle continues to rage on, it remains to be seen whether other teams will follow Ireland's lead and continue to use the technique or whether they will opt for safer alternatives. For now, though, Kiss and his players remain committed to their game plan, and the choke tackle will be a crucial part of their strategy as they take on the mighty England team.