article: By . Joshua Gardner . PUBLISHED: . 17:45 EST, 21 October 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 19:26 EST, 21 October 2013 . When a 9-year-old Kent, Washington girl recently turned on her new Disney princess walkie talkie for the first time, she was subjected to the filthy conversation of two truckers. No sooner had stepmother Jennifer Childress popped batteries into the bright pink toy, than it began to spout profanity and even racist slurs. Apparently the same frequency used by the toy is used by nearby trucker CB radios. No good, buddy: Jennifer Childress demonstrates how her 9-year-old stepdaughter's Disney princess walkie talkie is stuck on a trucker frequency . Trucker talk: Though it is pink and adorned with Disney royals, the toy began to spout profanity and racial slurs as soon as they popped in the batteries . ‘We picked up some things that she shouldn’t be hearing, or any child should be hearing,’ the appalled Childress told Seattle’s KCPQ. Childress declined to specify what her young stepdaughter heard, but foul trucker talk must have come as a surprise no matter how filthy. Making matters worse for the girl: her walkie talkie only has one frequency, so she can’t shut the dirty talk off. Not so sweet: 'We picked up some things that she shouldn¿t be hearing, or any child should be hearing,' said Childress, though she didn't get any more specific . Frequently used: Many common devices use the 27.145MHz frequency. Unfortunately for the Childress family, so do CB radios used by many truck drivers . According to the sticker on the back of the walkie talkie, it uses a frequency of 27.145Mhz. In addition to candy-colored kid’s communication devices, the frequency is commonly used by remote controlled toy cars as well as wireless computer keyboards and mice. It’s also used by CB radios. Angry: Childress said she plans to contact the FCC about the issue . Short for citizen’s band, the compact radios are well-known as the preferred method for long-haul truckers to relay information about traffic, police activity, and—unfortunately for the Childress family—their swarthy trash talk. Kent, Washington also happens to be near I-5, the West Coast’s busiest highway. Childress told KCPQ she plans to contact the FCC.
highlights: Jennifer Childress of Kent, Washington was horrified to hear the filthy conversation between truckers spouting from the toy as soon as they popped in the batteries . Childress's stepdaughter can no longer play with the toy since it has only one frequency .
id: 6bbc055c629dc8544aa586d84e31129707a2060b
chatgpt: Jennifer Childress, a mother from Kent, Washington, was shocked to hear inappropriate language coming from a toy truck that she had purchased for her stepdaughter. The trucks were designed to make noises and play music when activated by batteries, but the toy quickly became an unexpected source of distress. As soon as Childress inserted the batteries into the toy, she was appalled to hear truckers spouting vulgar language. The obnoxious chatter was completely unexpected, and it caused Childress to take immediate action to remove the batteries from the toy. She realized that there was only one frequency assigned to the toy, and there was no way to disable the offensive content. Childress's stepdaughter, who had been excited to play with the toy, was crushed that she could no longer use it. The toy was supposed to be a fun and playful way for children to play, but instead, it became a source of unwanted profanity that was not appropriate for children to hear. Parents have expressed outrage over the toy's content, noting that it is a clear indication of how some companies are willing to push boundaries for the sake of generating profits. Some parents have even taken to social media to share their frustration with the toy, with many calling for it to be removed from store shelves altogether. Despite the backlash, the manufacturer of the toy has not yet issued a statement regarding the toy's issues. It remains unclear whether or not the company plans to recall the toy or make changes to its design to ensure that it cannot play offensive content in the future. In the meantime, Childress and other parents are taking a more proactive approach by monitoring their child's toys more closely. The incident serves as a warning to parents and caregivers to be more vigilant about the types of toys they allow their children to play with, particularly if they contain batteries or other types of electronics. The incident in Kent, Washington, highlights a broader concern about the dangers and risks of electronic toys, particularly those with audio content. As technology advances, it is important for parents and manufacturers to work together to ensure that children's toys are safe, appropriate, and enjoyable for kids of all ages.