article: A Utah dad fed up with his daughter’s preference for very short shorts decided to teach her a lesson by donning some Daisy Dukes of his own. Scott Mackintosh was about to go on a family night out, but when he asked his daughter to kindly change into longer shorts and she refused, he took some scissors to an old pair of his own jeans. The result was a revealing pair of cut-offs designed to show his daughter her shorts aren’t ‘as cute as she thinks.’ Scroll down for video... 'In our family we have modesty guidelines': Scott Mackintosh's daughter wouldn't change out of her short shorts before a family outing, so the Utah dad slipped into a pair of his own . ‘In our family we have pretty definite modesty guidelines,’ writes Mackintosh on his wife Becky’s blog. One of those guidelines happens to be no short-shorts. ‘I’m a firm believer that the way we dress sends messages about us, and it influences the way we and others act,’ he writes. Every  Monday, the Mackintoshes do something together ‘in an effort to try to spend time with just the family.’ Last Monday, they decided to go out to eat. Are these the shorts? Scott Mackintosh's daughter Myley, AKA the girl who wouldn't change her shorts, sports an edgy haircut . Myley's dad is unhappy with her choice in shorts so he decided to subtly mock her with his own version of the Daisy Dukes . But as they were about to leave, Mackintosh’s teen daughter was resolute—she would not change out of her Daisy Dukes. At first, the kids had their heads buried in their phones, Mackintosh said, and didn’t notice his revealing attire. ‘Why are you dressed like that?’ his daughter eventually asked when they were nearly at the restaurant. ‘Oh well, I don’t care.’ Dinner came and went without Mackintosh’s daughter breaking a sweat, so he decided to take things to the next level. family first: Scott Mackintosh and his wife Becky are pictured here. Becky published her husbands story of parental retribution on her personal blog . ‘OK, let’s go miniature golfing,’ he said. Again, the daughter wouldn’t let her embarrassment show. Then, when they arrived at a local ice cream shop, she cracked. ‘As I pulled into a stall, my daughter said, “Uh, no! We are not going in!” I said “Let's go through the drive up.”’ Mackintosh, his wife, and their son went inside, but their daughter stayed in the car. He’s not sure if the lesson sunk in, but Mackintosh said he’s comfortable with that. ‘There was no “Dad I get it,”’ he said. ‘But no matter if social media gets the story mixed up and twisted, my daughter will always know that her dad loves her and cares about her enough to make a fool out of himself.’
highlights: Scott Mackintosh of Utah saw a teaching opportunity in some scissors and a pair of old jeans .
id: b51c4dc8f299fa4d349f2cbcf08d9a9149fcb07f
chatgpt: Scott Mackintosh of Utah has made headlines recently for his unique approach to teaching his daughters a lesson about modesty. Mackintosh, who had grown concerned with his daughters' fashion choices, devised a clever lesson involving a pair of old jeans and a pair of scissors.  Mackintosh, who is a father of seven, decided to take matters into his own hands after he saw his daughters wearing short denim shorts that he deemed too revealing. In a now-viral Facebook post, Mackintosh explains how he took a pair of his own old jeans and used a pair of scissors to cut them into short shorts, just like the ones his daughters were wearing. But Mackintosh didn't stop there. He then proceeded to wear the shorts in public, much to the amusement of his family and strangers passing by. Mackintosh's stunt drew attention from people all over the world and has sparked a conversation about the importance of dressing modestly. Mackintosh's daughters were embarrassed by their father's actions at first, but soon realized that their choice of clothing had an impact on others. Mackintosh's goal was not to shame his daughters or to tell them what to wear, but rather to teach them about the importance of dressing in a manner that showed respect for themselves and for others. Mackintosh's decision to wear the shorts in public wasn't just a teaching moment for his daughters, it was also a reminder to society about the negative effects of hyper-sexualization. Mackintosh's viral post has started a conversation about the over-sexualization of young girls in society, and how it affects their self-esteem and self-worth. Many parents and educators have praised Mackintosh's approach to teaching his daughters, stating that it is important to teach children about modesty and self-respect from a young age. The willingness to step out of the box and find creative ways to teach critical values like these is a trait many parents can learn from. In the end, Mackintosh's lesson was a success. His daughters not only learned about the importance of dressing modestly but also gained a deeper understanding of how their fashion choices affect others. Mackintosh's viral post continues to inspire thousands of parents and educators across the globe to find creative ways to teach their children about self-respect and modesty. As Mackintosh's story shows, sometimes the most effective way to teach a lesson is to step outside of the box and get creative. His willingness to use a pair of scissors and a pair of old jeans to create a teachable moment that has sparked a global conversation is an inspiration to all those seeking to make a difference in the world.