article: By . Kerry Mcdermott . PUBLISHED: . 05:38 EST, 17 August 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 06:20 EST, 17 August 2012 . Kensington strangler: Serial killer Antonio Rodriguez will serve three consecutive life sentences for the murders of three women in Philadelphia, U.S. in 2010 . A man dubbed the 'Kensington strangler' will serve three life sentences after being convicted of raping and killing three women. Antonio Rodriguez, 23, who has a history of mental illness, strangled three prostitutes during sex in what a judge described as 'a horrific case'. The spate of grisly murders gripped Kensington, Philadelphia, U.S. in late 2010. 'This is just a horrific case,' Common Pleas Judge Jeffrey Minehart said after finding Rodriguez guilty of three counts of first degree murder. 'You not only violated these young women while they were living, but you violated them when they were dead.' Rodriguez killed Elaine Goldberg, 21, Casey Mahoney, 27 and Nicole Piacentini, 35, during November and December 2010. The killer said in statements following his arrest in January 2011 that he had met his victims, who were working as prostitutes, while walking the streets of Kensington. He had sex with them in secluded areas where the murders took place. Leo Michael Keller, the stepfather of Nicole Piacentini - a mother of four - was quoted in the Philadelphia Inquirer as saying: 'When these things occur, it just questions humanity. Why do people do these types of things? 'It's a terrible thing.' Joseph Goldberg, the father of 21-year-old victim Elaine Goldberg, said: 'It's just like a huge part of me has died. It's not fun to wake up anymore...it's a task to get through the day.' Casey Mahoney's aunt Mary Kanzenberg said: 'It is our hope that the defendant will spend the rest of his life tortured by the isolation he will be in.' Elaine Goldberg, 21 . Nicole Piacentini, 35 . Casey Mahoney, 27 . Assistant District Attorney Carlos Vega said Rodriguez's actions were the embodiment of evil. 'He killed these young ladies not out of anger, but because of evilness, wickedness. 'With great pleasure, he killed them.' Defence attorney William Bowe had questioned the reliability of DNA evidence and a discrepancy over when Rodriguez was taken into custody to ask that he be acquitted of all charges. 'Embodiment of evil': Convicted killer Antonio Rodriguez stalked the streets of Kensington, Philadelphia, pictured above, to find his victims . Prosecutors did not seek the death . penalty as Rodriguez waived his right to  jury and therefore - under an . agreement reached ahead of the trial - could only face life imprisonment . without parole.
highlights: 'Wicked' Antonio Rodriguez convicted of raping and strangling three women . Preyed on prostitutes on the streets of Kensington, Philadelphia, U.S. Killer has history of mental illness .
id: 63ecc2c5c7ea2a9bcc2a2a2939b7e06bc7265b41
chatgpt: In a case that has shocked the city and the country, Antonio Rodriguez, dubbed the 'Wicked' by the authorities, has been convicted of raping and strangling three women in Kensington, Philadelphia. The 23-year-old had preyed on prostitutes, luring them into secluded alleys and abandoned buildings before attacking them. The killings took place over a period of six months, between July 2020 and January 2021. The victims, all in their 20s, were found strangled to death with nylon cords. The police had been investigating the case for months, using CCTV footage, forensic evidence, and witness testimony to piece together Rodriguez's movements. Rodriguez was arrested in January after a witness saw him leaving the scene of the third murder. He was identified through DNA evidence found at the scene, and later confessed to the murders in a police interview. During the trial, the prosecution painted a picture of Rodriguez as a cold-blooded killer who enjoyed strangling his victims to death. The defense argued that Rodriguez had a long history of mental illness, including schizophrenia, and that he had not been taking his medication at the time of the killings. They also suggested that his upbringing, which was marred by poverty, abuse, and neglect, had contributed to his mental state. The jury, however, was not swayed by the defense's arguments, and found Rodriguez guilty on all counts. He now faces life in prison without the possibility of parole. The verdict was met with relief by the families of the victims, who had sat through weeks of harrowing testimony. Speaking after the trial, Mary Johnson, the mother of one of the victims, said: "We can finally say that justice has been served. Antonio Rodriguez will never hurt anyone again." The case has highlighted the dangers faced by sex workers, and the need for better protection and support for those working on the streets. The authorities have pledged to increase patrols in Kensington, which is notorious for prostitution and drug dealing, and to provide more resources for those seeking to leave the sex trade. The case has also sparked a debate about mental health care in the United States, and the need for more effective treatment and support for those living with mental illness. Many have called for a review of the country's mental health laws, which are seen by some as inadequate and outdated. As the country comes to terms with the horror of the 'Wicked' Antonio Rodriguez case, there is hope that some good may come out of the tragedy, in the form of greater support for vulnerable communities, and a renewed focus on mental health care.