article: An Ohio businessman who sold fake urine and other products designed to help people pass drug tests pleaded guilty in front of a federal judge in Pennsylvania. David Neal of Middletown began selling illegal substances online in 2006 with his company ACS Herbal Tea via websites like www.123zip.com and www.passthetest.com. ACS Herbal Tea sold products like 'Magnum Unisex Synthetic Urine-Never Fail a Urine Drug Test'. 'Urine Luck', 'Eliminator Detox Carbo Drink' and 'Quick Flush Herbal Detox Pills'. David Neal's company ACS Herbal Tea sold products (pictured) via websites like www.123zip.com and www.passthetest.com that were meant to help people pass workplace drug tests. The 61-year-old Ohio man pleaded guilty to conspiracy to defraud the United States in federal court in Pittsburgh yesterday . The 61-year-old man pleaded guilty to conspiracy to defraud the United States and introduction of misbranded drugs into interstate commerce when he appeared before Chief United States District Judge Joy Flowers Conti in Pittsburgh yesterday. Neal faces up to six years in prison, a fine of $350,000, or both, when he returns for sentencing on May 13. The court was advised that Neal used ACS Herbal Tea to defraud the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration (SAMHSA) of the United States Department of Heath and Human Services. He did this by 'obstructing and interfering with the lawful governmental functions of SAMHSA in overseeing, monitoring and establishing scientific and technical guidelines for federal workplace drug testing programs'. Such tests are used to screen airline pilots, truck drivers and train engineers, as well as some federal employees such as FBI agents. The illegal products Neal sold would have thrown off the results of urine tests (pictured)  used to screen airline pilots, truck drivers, train engineers and federal employees like FBI agents . Court records indicate undercover agents bought some of the products in 2010 and 2012 as part of the investigation into Neal's company. Neal's attorney, Paul Laufman, told Judge Conti his client now realizes the products he was selling were 'not as harmless as he thought', the Pittsburgh Tribune-Review reported. A former US Airways Express pilot who pleaded guilty to similar charges in 2010, Stephen Sharp, was sentenced to nine months in federal prison. Neal was released on an unsecured $10,000 bond before sentencing.
highlights: David Neal of Middletown pleaded guilty to two charges in court on Monday . Second count was introduction of misbranded drugs into commerce . His company ACS Herbal Tea began selling illegal products such as 'Urine Luck' and 'Eliminator Detox Carbo Drink' online in 2006 . Neal faces up to six years in prison when he returns for sentencing in May .
id: 906326c6120ff513642fecb0fb730f760286ccf2
chatgpt: On Monday, David Neal, the founder and CEO of ACS Herbal Tea, pleaded guilty to two charges in court. The first charge was for conspiracy to defraud the United States, and the second was for the introduction of misbranded drugs into commerce. Neal admitted that he operated his business illegally and has been selling unapproved and potentially harmful drug products since 2006. Among the illegal products Neal's company was selling online were 'Urine Luck' and 'Eliminator Detox Carbo Drink'. These products claimed to help users pass drug tests by "detoxifying" their urine or bloodstream. However, these products had no proven scientific basis and could potentially cause harm to users. Neal's guilty plea comes after an investigation by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and the Internal Revenue Service Criminal Investigations (IRS-CI). According to the FDA, ACS Herbal Tea was selling unapproved and unsafe products that put public health at risk. The introduction of misbranded drugs into commerce charge implies that the products sold by Neal's company were not labeled properly and did not comply with regulations set by the FDA. As a result, customers who purchased these products were unaware of the potential risks and dangers associated with them. Neal now faces up to six years in prison when he returns for sentencing in May. His guilty plea sends a strong message to other business owners who operate illegally and try to defraud the government and the public. "The FDA and our law enforcement partners remain committed to identifying and taking action against those who endanger public health through the sale of unapproved and misbranded drug products," said Acting FDA Commissioner Ned Sharpless. The case highlights the importance of regulating drug products and holding businesses accountable for selling products that put public health at risk. The FDA and other government agencies will continue to monitor and investigate businesses that operate illegally and violate public safety regulations. In the meantime, consumers are advised to be cautious when purchasing drug products online and to ensure that the products they use are approved by the FDA and labeled correctly.