article: By . Lucy Waterlow . PUBLISHED: . 12:42 EST, 6 May 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 01:33 EST, 7 May 2013 . An army medic has proved he has grace as well as bravery after winning a number of medals at the European Modern Jive Championships. Lance Corporal Antony Gardner, a combat medical technician with 29 commando, scooped five medals at the dance contest in Warsaw, Poland, making him one of the top dancers in Europe. He stormed into the finals in all disciplines before securing two silver and two bronze medals. Dance champ: Lance Corporal Antony Gardner scooped five medals at the European Modern Jive Championships . L/Cpl Gardner, 27, who is also a teacher at the Modern Jive Club in Plymouth, said: 'I feel extremely proud to be able to represent not only my local venue, but my country at the European Championships. 'I didn't have much time to train with my dance partners due to the demands of my job so it was extremely nerve-wracking to see the other well practiced and slick dancers on the floor. 'At the competition there were 15 of us from England all together. The best dancers were there each representing their country - there was about 90 people there competing. From the warfront to the dance floor: The 27-year-old is a combat medical technician with 29 commando . Our main competition was the Hungarians, but we did really well and probably brought home around 30 medals altogether.' L/Cpl Gardner strapped on his dancing shoes for the first time in 2006 after becoming inspired by his brother. He said: 'My first competition was in 2007 and I came first in one of the categories - I have been dancing and competing ever since. Lessons: L/Cpl Gardner teaches dance in Plymouth and his army friends also want to learn some moves . 'I started teaching after three years - initially with a few friends who were asking for some of the flashier moves I do at competitions, but then I moved on to paid teaching.' He added: 'My mates in the army love it. They are quite supportive but I get all the usual banter you would expect. I've even given dance lessons to some of them for their weddings. 'I can be based all over for my job, but the club is really social. I can go away for long periods of time and can come back and be social and see everyone.' Elaine Davies-Evans, chairman of Plymouth Jive where Antony also teaches, said: 'We are very proud of Antony, he is a credit to the club and we knew he would do well in representing not only the UK but also Plymouth Jive.'
highlights: Lance Corporal Antony Gardner scooped five medals . When he's not dancing he's a combat medical technician . He also teaches at Modern Jive Club in Plymouth . He said his army friends want dance lessons for their weddings .
id: 48db9f9f54d25c868ef25d6eb47a05cd151364bd
chatgpt: Lance Corporal Antony Gardner has added a new feather to his cap after winning five medals for his exceptional performance in dance competitions. Gardner, who is also a combat medical technician, has been juggling his duties as a soldier and a dance teacher at the Modern Jive Club in Plymouth. Gardner, 32, joined the army as a combat medical technician seven years ago, and has been stationed in different parts of the world, including Afghanistan. During his free time, he pursued his love for dance and joined a local group, where he quickly rose to be one of the best dancers. Since then, he has participated in various competitions and has won a string of awards. "I have always loved dancing, it's my passion, and it helps me to unwind after a long day of work," Gardner said. "I'm thrilled to have won these five medals, it's a testament to my hard work and dedication." Gardner specializes in modern jive, a stylish form of dance that is easy to learn and fun to do. He also teaches at the Modern Jive Club in Plymouth, where he has been a member for the past four years. "I love teaching dance, it's a great way to share my passion with others," he said. "It's also a great way to get some exercise and keep fit." Gardner's success on the dance floor has not gone unnoticed by his army friends, who have lined up to take dance lessons from him ahead of their weddings. "I have been approached by many of my army friends who are going to get married soon, and they all want me to help them learn a special dance for their big day," he said. "It's an honor to be able to help them make their wedding day special." Gardner says that dancing has not only helped him to stay physically fit, but it has also improved his mental health and wellbeing. "It's a great stress-buster, and it helps me to relax and unwind," he said. "I would recommend dancing to anyone who wants to stay fit and healthy, both physically and mentally." Gardner is currently posted to Plymouth, where he continues to teach at the Modern Jive Club and perform in dance competitions. His military duties keep him busy, but he says that he always finds time for his passion for dance. "I love being a soldier, it's a great job, but dancing is my life, and I will always find time for it," he said. "I'm already looking forward to my next competition and adding more medals to my collection."