article: New York (CNN) -- New York City's Board of Health voted Thursday to ban the sale of sugary drinks in containers larger than 16 ounces in restaurants and other venues, in a move meant to combat obesity and encourage residents to live healthier lifestyles. The board voted eight in favor, with one abstention. "It's time to face the facts: obesity is one of America's most deadly problems, and sugary beverages are a leading cause of it," said New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg in a statement earlier this month. "As the size of sugary drinks has grown, so have our waistlines -- and so have diabetes and heart disease." Bloomberg's visionary move against obesity . But the move is expected to draw further protest from the soda industry and those concerned about government involvement in their personal choices. "What we need in New York are sensible solutions to the obesity issue that focus on a comprehensive approach to tackle an extremely complex problem," said Eliot Hoff, a spokesman for a beverage industry-sponsored group called New Yorkers for Beverage Choices. "New Yorkers are smart enough to decide for themselves what to eat and drink." Critics, including McDonald's and Coca-Cola, have assailed the ban as "misguided" and "arbitrary," though Bloomberg has billed it as both a health and fiscal initiative. New York City spends an estimated $4 billion each year on medical care for overweight people, the mayor said in an earlier statement. Big Gulp? Meet Big Brother . One in eight New Yorkers also suffer from diabetes, a disease often linked to obesity, his office noted, calling sugary drinks "the single largest driver of these alarming increases in obesity." About 58% of New York City adults are considered overweight or obese, the mayor added. In 2007, the Bloomberg-appointed health board adopted a regulation that forced restaurants to all but eliminate the use of partially hydrogenated vegetable oils and spreads, the main sources of trans fats in the U.S. diet. Thursday's decision is expected to take effect in six months and be enforced by the city's regular restaurant inspection team, allowing restaurant owners nine months to adapt to the changes before facing fines. "6 months from today, our city will be an even healthier place," Bloomberg tweeted on Thursday. The ban would not apply to grocery stores. Forget large sodas, how about banning French fries?
highlights: The proposal is meant to combat obesity and encourage residents to live healthier lifestyles . Critics have assailed the ban as "misguided" and "arbitrary" New York City spends $4 billion a year on medical care for overweight people, mayor says . One in eight New Yorkers suffer from diabetes, often linked to obesity, mayor notes .
id: 0a88b83292b64b57bd2e789ce833b31aea778098
chatgpt: New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio's proposed ban on large sugary drinks has sparked a heated debate among public health officials, politicians and the beverage industry. The proposal is meant to combat obesity and encourage residents to live healthier lifestyles by limiting the portion size of sugary drinks sold in restaurants, coffee shops, movie theaters and other venues. However, critics have assailed the ban as "misguided" and "arbitrary", arguing that it targets a single aspect of the diet while ignoring other important factors such as exercise and overall food intake. The beverage industry also argues that the ban is an unfair business practice that will hurt its sales and profits. Mayor de Blasio has pointed out that New York City spends $4 billion a year on medical care for overweight people, with one in eight residents suffering from diabetes, often linked to obesity. He believes that the ban will help to reduce the incidence of these health problems and ultimately save money in the long run. Public health officials have praised the proposal, saying that it is a step in the right direction for combating the obesity epidemic that is sweeping the country. Many experts agree that sugary drinks such as soda, sports drinks and energy drinks are a major contributor to the problem, as they are high in calories and provide little nutritional value. Under the proposed ban, any sugary drink that contains more than 16 ounces would be prohibited from sale. The measure would apply to businesses that receive letter grades based on their health inspections, including restaurants, food carts and movie theaters. However, it would not apply to grocery stores or convenience stores. The proposal has been met with strong opposition from the beverage industry, which has launched a vigorous lobbying effort to defeat it. The industry argues that it is being unfairly singled out and that the ban will hurt businesses and cost jobs. Opponents of the ban also point out that consumers can easily purchase multiple smaller drinks or refill larger cups, thereby defeating the purpose of the ban. Some argue that education and outreach would be a more effective way to encourage healthier habits, rather than imposing a government mandate. The debate over the sugary drink ban is likely to continue for some time, as supporters and opponents make their case to the public and to lawmakers. But one thing is clear: the issue of obesity and public health is a critical one, and action must be taken to address it. Only time will tell whether Mayor de Blasio's proposal proves to be a successful strategy in the fight against obesity, or whether it is ultimately rejected as misguided and ineffective.