article: By . Jennifer Smith . PUBLISHED: . 06:13 EST, 15 November 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 23:02 EST, 15 November 2013 . She was treated so badly her paws had to be amputated – but this dog has got her bark back since being rehomed. Cheeky, a shih tzu-poodle cross, was so neglected the fur on her front paws matted and wound around her feet so tightly vets had to remove them. The 14-year-old’s previous owner, Derek Goldsmith, now faces jail after pleading guilty to animal cruelty. Scroll down for video of Cheeky . Cheeky, the Shih-tzu poodle cross, faced such horrific neglect her paws had to be amputated after becoming tightly wound by matted fur. She is now adjusting to life on her two stumps . Brighton Magistrates Court heard the . ‘shih-poo’ suffered so long because Goldsmith, 64, feared she would be . taken from him if he took her to a vet. Cheeky . is now called Florence and has been rehomed with Karan Branagh, who . said: ‘Florence is a little darling. She is doing very well and she can . now walk on carpet and soft grass.’ Prosecuting David Buck told the court: 'Her paws had become detached. The vet said they'd been lost to strangulation. Fourteen-year-old Cheeky also had to have her teeth removed after suffering severe dental problems. Her former owner avoided taking her to the vet in case she was taken away from him . Cheeky was rescued by the RSPCA when neighbours near her Brighton home reported her owner. David Goldsmith pleaded guilty to animal cruelty in court today . Brighton Magistrates' Court heard how though her former owner, Goldsmith, attempted to cut her hair, the dog wouldn't allow him near her . Goldsmith made no defence to charges of animal cruelty and will face sentencing next month . 'Goldsmith tried to cut Cheeky's hair himself but she would not let him near her. 'She could not be taken out as she could not walk - he would play with her in the flat. 'He was aware the matting was affecting the animal's ability to move.' He added: 'Goldsmith said he was scared because he thought they would take her away.' The case has been adjourned until December for sentencing. The dog who is now called Florence, has been taken in by a loving new owner who is helping her adapt to life on two paws. Karan Branagh said: 'Florence is a little darling. 'She is doing very well and is adorable, and she can now walk on carpet and soft grass.' RSPCA Inspector Tony Woodley said: 'Cheeky was in hospital for months and cost the RSPCA thousands. 'She was in a lot of pain. This was long term neglect.'
highlights: Shih-tzu cross, Cheeky, had to have paws amputated and teeth removed . Derek Goldsmith didn't take animal to vet in case she was taken away . The 64-year-old faces jail sentence after pleading guilty to animal cruelty . Cheeky has since been re-homed and is adjusting to life on two paws .
id: 6cc2997ba8900219121f072e2b226bc47fbaaf88
chatgpt: A dog owner is facing a possible jail sentence after pleading guilty to animal cruelty, following the amputation of his pet's paws and the removal of her teeth. Derek Goldsmith, aged 64, had neglected the health of his Shih-tzu cross, named Cheeky, for too long, and sadly, the situation became too severe to be treated by simply going to the veterinarian. Cheeky has since been re-homed and is adjusting to life on two paws, but her story remains a tragic reminder of the importance of responsible pet ownership. Goldsmith claimed he did not take his pet to the vet for fear that she would be taken away from him, but this decision led to her suffering significantly. The Shih-tzu cross had been limping around as her paws were infected and severely damaged. Sadly, the infection had spread beyond the point where simply treating them would work, and amputation was deemed the only option. It was a heartbreaking decision that could have been avoided if the owner had taken his pet to the vet early enough to receive proper medical attention. In addition to the amputation of her paws, Cheeky required several teeth to be removed due to neglect. This has left her struggling to eat and find comfort as she recovers from her ordeal. Thankfully, she has since been re-homed with new owners who have pledged to give her the care and love that she deserves. While it may be difficult to imagine, the neglect of our furry friends is a sad reality that occurs all too often. We must be responsible and accountable for our pets' wellbeing, which not only includes feeding them and giving them shelter but also seeking prompt medical assistance when it is needed. As a consequence of ignoring Cheeky's plight, Goldsmith has rightly been charged with animal cruelty. He now faces sentencing, which could include a term of imprisonment. This serves as a reminder that owners are responsible for their pets' health and wellbeing, and neglect can have severe consequences. The rehoming of Cheeky highlights the kindness of animal lovers who step up to help rescued pets, giving them a second chance at a happy and healthy life. We all have a responsibility to protect and care for animals around us, and when people ignore this responsibility, there are legal repercussions. In conclusion, the story of Cheeky is a reminder to all pet owners that the health and safety of our furry friends must never be taken lightly. Proper medical care is critical to ensuring our pets thrive under our care, and we must actively seek medical assistance if we notice anything amiss. The neglect of our pets is a punishable offense and owners must be accountable for their actions. On a positive note, Cheeky has been given the chance of a new life thanks to the compassionate people who helped her recover from her ordeal.