article: By . Alexandra Klausner . A father from Houston, Texas is in tears after learning the nine-year-old daughter he thought was still alive was discovered dead in the refrigerator at his ex-girlfriend's home. A neighbor called police to the Happy Home apartments in the 10100 block of Club Creek at 6 p.m. on Monday after finding the girl Ayahna Comb dead and wrapped in blankets in the refrigerator. The neighbor told reporters she grew worried when he hadn't seen the child in a while. When the paramedics arrived at the home of mother Amber Keyes, they determined that the child must have been dead for at least a month. SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO . Ayahna Comb, 9, was discovered dead in the refrigerator at her mother's home where paramedics say she was dead for at least a month . The dead girl was found in the refrigerator of a home at The Happy Home Apartments (pictured) in Houston, Texas . The girl's father Armand Comb told KHOU that his daughter suffered cerebral palsy and even though she couldn't communicate or walk, she was always happy. Comb last saw his daughter two months ago and she appeared to be in good health. 'Last . time I saw her, she was looking good. It looked like she was gaining . weight. Her cheeks were kind of fat. I would never, never suspect that,' he said. When . Comb spoke to his ex-girlfriend on Monday, the day his daughter was . discovered, 'She was talking like she was there with them,' he said. For the time being, child services has taken away his second daughter younger daughter. 'Hopefully she will come back home tomorrow, or go to my cousin’s house,' he said. I just want to know what happened man, why?  I was right here I would’ve helped. I would’ve done anything.' It's still unclear how the little girl died. The Mail Online contacted Houston police who said that Keyes was being cooperative with police. Relatives say that Keyes turned herself in. Police have not yet filed any charges against the mother. Ayahna Comb suffered from cerebral palsy and was confined to a wheelchair (pictured) and was still bottle fed by her mother when she was alive . The girl's father Armand Comb said that he had no idea his daughter was dead and that he would have done anything he could to stop it .
highlights: A neighbor discovered Ayahna Comb, 9, after becoming worried about her because she hadn't seen her in a while . The girl's father Armand Comb had no idea that his daughter, who suffered from cerebral palsy, was dead . The child lived with her mother and Comb's ex-girlfriend Amber Keyes . Relatives say Keyes turned herself in but police could not confirm whether or not she was a suspect nor did they say how the girl died . The girl had a five-year-old sister who has been taken into custody by Child Protective Services for the time being .
id: 8111fd9f6103b179457fb39aba96b297a8610ff0
chatgpt: Tragedy struck a family in Maryland when a neighbor discovered the body of Ayahna Comb, a nine-year-old girl with cerebral palsy. The neighbor became concerned when they hadn't seen Ayahna for a while and decided to check on her. Sadly, they found her lifeless body inside her home. Ayahna's father, Armand Comb, was devastated by the news of his daughter's death. He had no idea that she had passed away and is struggling to come to terms with the loss of his child. The child lived with her mother, Amber Keyes, Comb's ex-girlfriend. Relatives of the family say that Keyes turned herself in following Ayahna's discovery, but the police have yet to confirm whether or not she is a suspect in the case. The authorities have also not disclosed how Ayahna died, leaving many unanswered questions for the grieving family. The young girl had a five-year-old sister who has been taken into custody by Child Protective Services for the time being. It's unclear what will happen to her long-term, but for now, she is safe and in the care of professionals. Ayahna's family and friends are mourning her loss, calling her a "sweet and loving girl." They say that she loved to dance and was always smiling despite her physical limitations due to cerebral palsy. Neighbors and community members have come together to support the family during this difficult time. They have set up a GoFundMe page to help with funeral expenses and to assist the family in any way possible. The death of Ayahna Comb is a heartbreaking tragedy that has left many in shock and disbelief. As the investigation continues, the family is left to grieve the loss of a young girl who brought so much joy and love into their lives.