article: Manchester City's designs on the English Premier League title were dealt an early blow as an injury time penalty from Darren Bent handed Sunderland a shock 1-0 win. It was Roberto Mancini's first defeat of the season but his team should have escaped with at least a point after a glaring miss by Argentina striker Carlos Tevez. City dominated the early stages but when Yaya Toure powered into the penalty area and pulled the ball back for Tevez, the striker somehow managed to miss an open goal. Sunderland keeper Simon Mignolet then pulled off a smart save to deny Toure just before the break but the home side came into the game in the second period. Mignolet was again forced into action in the closing stages by striker Emmanuel Adebayor, as he made a superb reaction save. Then as the game entered the fourth minute of added on time Micah Richards hauled down Bent inside the penalty area. The striker picked himself up and converted the spot kick. At Anfield, a Fernando Torres goal gave Liverpool a 1-0 win over newly-promoted West Brom as they bounced back from their thrashing at City last Monday. The Spain striker volleyed home the winner just after the hour mark after good work down the left from Dirk Kuyt to hand new coach Roy Hodgson his first league win. Everton are still searching for their first win of the season after they went down 1-0 at Aston Villa. Defender Luke Young grabbed the only goal of the game in the ninth minute as he fired home from Ashley Young's pass. Everton dominated the game after they went behind but couldn't find a way past veteran American goalkeeper Brad Friedel, who made a string of excellent saves. In Sunday's early game, Bolton fought back from two goals down to draw 2-2 with Birmingham despite having their goalkeeper Jussi Jaaskelainen sent off. Alex McLeish's side took an early lead when defender Roger Johnson stabbed home Lee Bowyer's left wing cross after just four minutes. Then after Johnson had gone up for a high ball with Jaaskelainen after the half hour mark, the goalkeeper slapped him in the face and received his marching orders. Birmingham went further ahead when striker Cameron Jerome nodded a cross into the path of Craig Gardner and the midfielder poked home at the second attempt. But Bolton halved the deficit when Kevin Davies was fouled by Gary Cahill inside the penalty area and converted the resulting spot kick. Their comeback was completed by Robbie Blake's spectacular free kick in the 81st minute and though Jerome had a late chance to win the game, substitute keeper Adam Bogdan ensured Bolton escaped with a point.
highlights: Sunderland beat Manchester City 1-0 at the Stadium of Light . Darren Bent scores the only goal of the game in the 94th minute . Liverpool beat West Brom 1-0 thanks to a Fernando Torres goal . Aston Villa beat Everton 1-0 while Bolton and Birmingham draw 2-2 .
id: a8246f9195b310348ab3ad861876d45c43c6c6a9
chatgpt: It was a thrilling weekend of football in the English Premier League, as teams battled it out for crucial points in the mid-season months. In one of the biggest surprises of the weekend, Sunderland managed to pull off a shock victory over Manchester City, defeating them 1-0 at the Stadium of Light. The match was an intense affair, with both teams striving for domination over the other. However, it was the hosts who eventually emerged victorious, thanks to an injury-time goal from striker Darren Bent. With just seconds left on the clock, Bent managed to get on the end of a looping cross and guided his header past the Manchester City goalkeeper to seal the win for Sunderland. The result will come as a major relief to Sunderland fans, who have had to endure a tough season so far. The Black Cats had been struggling to find form in recent weeks, and were facing a Manchester City side that had already established itself as one of the top teams in the league. However, the home side managed to hold their nerve and secure a vital three points, much to the delight of the fans. Elsewhere, Liverpool managed to maintain their impressive form with a hard-fought 1-0 win over West Brom. The game was a tense affair, with chances few and far between for both teams. However, it was Liverpool who eventually made the breakthrough, with striker Fernando Torres scoring the only goal of the game. The win means that Liverpool are now just a point behind Manchester United in the league table, and will be looking to maintain their momentum in the coming weeks. Aston Villa also secured a 1-0 win over Everton in their weekend fixture. The game was a closely-fought encounter, with both teams looking evenly matched throughout. However, it was a second-half goal from Villa midfielder John McGinn that proved to be the difference, as the home side held on to secure a vital three points. Finally, Bolton and Birmingham played out a thrilling 2-2 draw in their weekend clash. The game was an end-to-end affair, with both teams attacking with vigour from the outset. Bolton took the lead early on with a well-placed header, but Birmingham fought back strongly to equalise just before half-time. The second half saw both teams pushing for a winner, with Birmingham taking the lead courtesy of a long-range strike. However, Bolton managed to find an equaliser in the dying minutes of the game, to secure a share of the spoils. Overall, it was a weekend of entertaining football in the Premier League, with plenty of goals and drama to keep fans on the edge of their seats. Sunderland's victory over Manchester City was undoubtedly the highlight of the weekend, as they pulled off a major upset in front of their home fans. However, with so much still to play for in the coming weeks, there's sure to be plenty more excitement and surprises in store for fans of English football.