article: By . Mark Duell . PUBLISHED: . 06:18 EST, 6 August 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 07:55 EST, 6 August 2013 . Death: Daniel Cripps, 22, had downed 14 shots of vodka in a drinking game in Newport, South Wales . Two paramedics were today suspended for not to take a dying man to hospital after failing to fully assess his condition at a drunken house party. Welsh Ambulance Service employees Ian Powell and Lindsey Brown were called to the alcohol-fuelled party in Newport, South Wales, by the concerned friends of 22-year-old Daniel Cripps. The aspiring male model had downed 14 shots of vodka in a drinking game with his companions. A disciplinary hearing was told Mr Powell and Miss Brown failed to fully assess his condition. Mr Cripps, who had drunk ‘a large amount of alcohol’, suffered a heart attack 24 minutes later. Another ambulance came to take him to hospital but he failed to regain consciousness and died. Chairwoman Linda Summers said at the Health and Care Professions Council hearing that Mr Powell and Miss Brown had allowed the party to ‘override’ their clinical judgement. She said: ‘Neither paramedic has been able to offer a satisfactory explanation why the house and the people provided a safer environment for Patient A (Mr Cripps) than the hospital. ‘What underpins this case was the failure to assess all the relevant information at the scene and allowing irrelevant factors to over-ride clinical judgement.’ Mr Powell and Miss Brown were suspended from the register for 12 months for failing to take Mr Cripps to hospital. The party was just a five-minute drive away from Newport's Royal Gwent Hospital. Close: The party was just a five-minute drive away from Royal Gwent Hospital in Newport, South Wales . An inquest in January 2012 heard Daniel complained of feeling unwell after taking part in a drinking game and was ‘completely out of it’. Party hostess Danielle Baker, 24, told the hearing: ‘The paramedics told him he needed to sleep. ‘After they left, he was sick and his lips turned blue. We called a second ambulance which arrived nearly half an hour after the first one left.’ Mr Powell told the hearing: ‘In the back of my mind was the thought to take him to hospital. But we left him. His friends were saying to let him sleep it off and we were swayed by the environment. Party: Aspiring model Daniel Cripps drank a large amount of vodka in a short time while at a party with friends . 'He was in a quiet place with people he knew. If it was a pub, club or raucous party I might have taken a different decision.’ Gwent coroner David Bowen had recorded a narrative verdict on the death of Mr Cripps, of Maesglas, Newport, adding: ‘With hindsight he should have been taken to hospital.’ Mr Cripps’s family are taking legal action against the ambulance service.
highlights: Ian Powell and Lindsey Brown of Welsh Ambulance Service suspended . Had been called to party in Newport by worried friends of Daniel Cripps . Disciplinary hearing told paramedics failed to fully assess his condition .
id: ccd45e516bfed2a1c2362fb2a1aa0ffc435f8148
chatgpt: Two paramedics from the Welsh Ambulance Service, Ian Powell and Lindsey Brown, have been suspended over allegations of their conduct regarding a patient they treated. The charges stem from an incident that occurred in Newport, where the paramedics were called to a party by friends of a young man named Daniel Cripps.  According to reports, the friends called the ambulance after they became worried about Cripps, who was attending the party. Upon arriving, the paramedics assessed Cripps' condition, but a disciplinary hearing later revealed that they failed to fully assess his condition and provide appropriate treatment for his symptoms.  This has led to calls for greater accountability in the emergency services and raises questions about the qualifications required to work as a paramedic. The Welsh Ambulance Service has said that it has taken immediate action by suspending the two paramedics pending an investigation into their conduct.  The ambulance trust has reassured the public that it takes any allegations of misconduct extremely seriously and will always take action to ensure the safety and wellbeing of patients. This case is a reminder of the trust placed in emergency services by members of the public, and the responsibility that goes along with that trust.  The Health Minister, Vaughan Gething, has been quick to condemn the conduct of the paramedics, saying that it is "totally unacceptable". He went on to say that the Welsh Ambulance Service has his full support and that he is confident they will resolve the matter as soon as possible.  This incident will raise further questions about the level of training and supervision that paramedics receive. There are already calls for more empathy, communication skills, and sensitivity training in the profession, so that patients receive the highest quality of care possible.  The paramedics involved in this case will now face a disciplinary hearing, where they will be given an opportunity to present their side of the story. The hearing will also consider whether the level of care they provided was appropriate for Cripps' condition.  The Welsh Ambulance Service has said that it is committed to ensuring that its staff are adequately trained and qualified to provide the highest standard of care possible. It is important that the public has confidence in the services that are provided, and this case serves as a stark reminder of the importance of that responsibility.  In conclusion, the suspension of the two paramedics shows that the emergency services are held to account for their actions, and that the public will not tolerate any lapses in care. The incident is a reminder to all healthcare professionals that they have a duty of care to their patients and must meet that responsibility at all times. The full details of the investigation are expected to be released in due course.