article: In this case, the pictures apparently weren't worth a single word. The sign language interpreter at Tuesday's memorial service in Johannesburg for Nelson Mandela may have appeared to have been translating spoken words into gestures during the four hours he appeared on television screens around the world, but he was a fake, observers said Wednesday. "The so-called 'interpreter' ... at FNB stadium has been dubbed the 'fake interpreter' and the deaf community is in outrage," said Bruno Druchen, national director of the Deaf Federation of South Africa (DeafSA), in a statement. "He is not known by the Deaf Community in South Africa nor by the South African Sign Language interpreters working in the field." The man showed no facial expressions, which are key in South African sign language, and his hand signals were meaningless, Druchen said. "It is a total mockery of the language," he added. The service to commemorate the statesman, who died last week at 95, was broadcast to millions of viewers. While dignitaries addressed the crowd at Johannesburg's FNB stadium, the unidentified, suited man produced a series of hand signals that experts said meant nothing. "It was almost like he was doing baseball signs," deaf actress Marlee Matlin told CNN on Wednesday, through a sign-language interpreter. "I was appalled." Though each country has its own sign language, all of them entail facial expressions, she said. She called his lack of facial expression "a giveaway." "I knew exactly right then and there that he wasn't authentic at all, and it was offensive; it was offensive to me." Others also took offense. On Tuesday, during the man's performance, a deaf member of the South African Parliament and vice president of the World Federation of the Deaf, tweeted that the man "is signing rubbish. He cannot sign. Please get him off." South African sign language interpreter Francois Deysel tweeted: "Please can someone ask the interpreter to step down from stage, it is embarrassing and making a mockery of our profession." DeafSA said the man also did not use the established, recognized signs for Mandela, South African President Jacob Zuma or his predecessor, Thabo Mbeki, among others. "This proves that he is not involved in the deaf community and doesn't know South African Sign Language," it said. "To the best of our knowledge, he has not undergone any formal training in South African Sign Language or Interpreting offered by any recognized institution which offers these training courses." As outrage over his interpretation skills grew, so did questions over who he was and who hired him. A spokesman for the ruling African National Congress said the party had not hired him for the event. "We have used him on some occasions but yesterday was not an ANC event so we cannot answer for yesterday," spokesman Jackson Mthembu said. The South African government was investigating the reports, said Collins Charbane, minister for performance monitoring and evaluation in the presidency.
highlights: "It was almost like he was doing baseball signs," says deaf actress Marlee Matlin . Deaf Federation of South Africa says man was not a recognized, professional interpreter . DeafSA says the man used "meaningless" hand signals . The four-hour Mandela memorial was broadcast to millions worldwide .
id: ed3cc26d2a14f37c039ba6e2249fa77fd8d3dea9
chatgpt: The world watched as dignitaries descended on Johannesburg to honor the life and legacy of Nelson Mandela at a four-hour memorial service held at FNB Stadium. While the event was undoubtedly a momentous occasion, it was marred by a controversial sign language interpreter who was accused of being a fraud. Amidst the sea of mourners who had gathered to pay their respects to the former South African president, a man by the name of Thamsanqa Jantjie was given the responsibility of interpreting the speeches into sign language for the deaf community. However, as the ceremony progressed, it soon became clear that Jantjie was not a qualified interpreter. Deaf actress Marlee Matlin was one of the first to notice that something was amiss. Speaking to CNN, Matlin commented that Jantjie's movements were "meaningless" and "almost like he was doing baseball signs." The Deaf Federation of South Africa (DeafSA) also voiced their concerns about Jantjie's dubious credentials. In a statement, the organization explained that Jantjie was not a recognized or accredited sign language interpreter and they condemned his performance as a "complete shambles." The impact of Jantjie's false interpretation spread far beyond the stadium as the broadcast of the memorial was watched by millions across the globe. This led to a public outcry, and eventually, Jantjie was forced to apologize and admit that he had suffered a schizophrenic episode while on stage. The incident drew attention to the lack of regulation concerning sign language interpreting in South Africa. DeafSA's national director, Bruno Druchen, stated that there was a shortage of qualified interpreters and called for the government to take action to rectify this issue. "We need to make sure that interpreters are accredited and trained in South African sign language so that deaf people can have access to information," said Druchen. The controversy surrounding Jantjie's performance highlights the barriers faced by the deaf community in accessing information and participating in society. A lack of qualified interpreters can make it difficult for deaf people to access services, education, and employment. Despite the challenges faced by the community, the memorial service provided an opportunity for people to come together with a common purpose to honor the life and legacy of Nelson Mandela. The service was attended by numerous world leaders, including President Barack Obama, who delivered a eulogy paying tribute to Mandela's life of service and sacrifice. As the world continues to mourn the loss of a great leader, the scandal surrounding the interpreter serves as a reminder of the need for greater access to services and education for the deaf community. It is hoped that the controversy will lead to renewed efforts to improve access and inclusion for all members of society, regardless of ability.