article: A brave 12-year-old girl has been hailed a hero after she  saved her 4-year-old sister by carrying her out of their burning home in the Pittsburgh suburbs. Laniyah Coller's quick-thinking actions meant that her whole family escaped from the deadly blaze unharmed, after it ripped through their Homestead residence. She recalls how her mom shouted that the family's house, located in the 1600 block of West Street, was on fire at 6 a.m. on Wednesday. Hero: Laniyah Coller, 12, grabbed her little sister, Angel-Lynn out of her bed after the fire broke out . Rescued: Little Angel-Lynn, 4, said she was extremely grateful for her big sister's brave actions . Blaze: Fire crews battle to tackle the blaze which took hold in the 1600 block of West Street on Wednesday . Coller told WPXI-TV: 'I was like, ‘Where’s the fire at?’ and she [my mom] said, ‘Downstairs.’ The 12-year-old explained that she was upstairs with her little sister, Angel-Lynn, and grabbed the still-sleeping girl out of her bed. She asked her mom: ‘Are we going to jump out the windows?’ and she said, ‘No, just hurry up downstairs.' She added: 'That’s when I grabbed my sister. I just skipped the steps. All the smoke was in my eyes.' Everyone was able to escape unharmed. And her little sister, Angel-Lynn said she was extremely grateful for her big sister's actions. She said: 'The first thing when I woke up, my sister was carrying me. I saw the fire all up there' she added, pointing to her badly damaged home. Gutted: The family's home and belongings were destroyed in the devastating blaze . Shell: The interior of the house is burnt beyond recognition after a blaze ripped through it causing damage . The family had planned to celebrate Thanksgiving at home but lost everything in the blaze. Angel-Lynn said: 'My sister carried me, but then she was crying because all our stuff was gone. Even my pretty clothes are gone.' The shaken family are receiving help from the Salvation Army as they recover from the devastating fire. Investigators are still trying to determine the cause of the blaze. Safety: A man, thought to be the girl's father carries little Angel Lynn away from the home after the fire . Investigation: The fire's cause was still being determined but the family are grateful to be alive .
highlights: The fire took hold at about 6 a.m. Wednesday in a Pittsburgh suburb . Laniyah Coller described how she brought her sister Angel-Lynn to safety . The family had planned to celebrate Thanksgiving at home . But they lost everything in the blaze and the house was completely gutted .
id: 7296f4ea2196f795e4e40dda00fea2385a0c3249
chatgpt: A devastating house fire broke out in a Pittsburg suburb at 6 a.m. on the morning of Thanksgiving. The blaze spread quickly and left a family of six with nothing but the clothes on their backs. Laniyah Coller described the harrowing experience of bringing her sister Angel-Lynn to safety as flames engulfed their home.  The family had been planning to celebrate Thanksgiving at home and had no idea that their day would take such a tragic turn. It was Laniyah who first noticed the smoke and flames, quickly sounding the alarm and waking the other members of the household. Together, they tried to put out the fire, but it had already gained too much traction.  As the flames grew in intensity, the family members realized that they had no choice but to flee the home. Laniyah, who sustained minor injuries, managed to pull her sister Angel-Lynn from the burning building and get her to safety. But the family's belongings and memories were left behind and destroyed by the fire.  Firefighters arrived at the scene shortly after the fire had begun, but by that time, the flames had already spread too far. The family watched as their home was completely gutted, leaving nothing but rubble in its wake.  The cause of the fire is still unknown, but firefighters are continuing to investigate. The Red Cross has stepped in to provide the family with temporary shelter and basic necessities, but it will be a long road to recovery for the Collers.  This tragedy serves as a reminder to all of us to appreciate the little things in life and to never take our loved ones or our homes for granted. As we gather with our families to celebrate Thanksgiving, let us remember those who are struggling and remember to give back and lend a helping hand whenever we can. Our thoughts are with the Coller family during this difficult time.