article: A Tory MP and his estranged wife are involved in an extraordinary secret war on Wikipedia over who was to blame for the break-up of their marriage. Sondra Pritchard, wife of Mark Pritchard, used the website to accuse her husband of ‘abandoning her by text message after 16 years of marriage’ even though he claimed to be a ‘devout Christian’. Shortly afterwards the damaging entry was deleted and the Pritchards’ tit-for-tat Wiki war continued as the account of their split was changed on the MP’s profile, reflecting conflicting versions of events. Conflicting claims: Conservative MP Mark Pritchard shown here during a parliamentary debate, admits to sending the text but claims he had already told his wife face-to-face that he wanted a divorce . The Mail on Sunday has established most of the alterations were made from computers traced to the Houses of Parliament where both work – Mrs Pritchard as her husband’s Commons office manager. Even more remarkably, some of the anonymous Wiki entries appear to involve a code which echo opera buff Mr Pritchard’s role as treasurer of the Parliamentary opera group. One of the entries favourable to him was made by a user known as Figaro2000, after Mozart’s The Marriage of Figaro. Others which sided with Mrs Pritchard were made by La Verdad – Spanish for the truth. Former marketing director Mr Pritchard, 46, MP for The Wrekin in Shropshire, and his 47-year-old American-born wife have lived apart since April. In a statement yesterday, he confirmed he had texted her to say he wanted a divorce but claimed he had already informed her ‘in person’. He said: ‘I informed my ex-wife, in person, that I was going to file for divorce the day I left home. Over subsequent days, I confirmed that decision through another conversation, a legal letter, and by text. 'Since then, friends claim she may have abused the Wiki site to try to cause me embarrassment and make inaccurate claims. I did not edit any item on my Wiki page.’ The ‘text’ claim was added to Mr Pritchard’s profile on August 1: ‘The couple separated in April 2013, following Mr Pritchard, a devout Christian, abandoning Sondra and the marriage on 29th April by text.’ Mr Pritchard’s fightback started on August 6, when allegations against him were deleted by Figaro2000. The next day, an account of their divorce changed back in favour of Mrs Pritchard. It said: ‘Contrary to inaccurate press reports, [she] filed the divorce petition citing “Unreasonable Behavior”.[sic]’ A battle raged over this and the ‘text’ entry again on August 8. Eventually a user, Taggy456, had the last word by deleting reference to Mr Pritchard’s ‘unreasonable behaviour’. At present, there appears to be a truce, with no reference at all to Mrs Pritchard on the MP’s profile. Mr Pritchard declined to comment on whether he was Figaro2000. Sondra Pritchard could not be reached for comment last night.
highlights: Snubbed wife Sondra used Wikipedia entry to claim MP Mark Pritchard ended their 16 marriage by text message . A number of changes were made to entries about the MP over several days . Alterations to the site traced back to computers in the Houses of Parliament where both work .
id: 93897aff6dc547283be36a8a8491d34bd055fdd8
chatgpt: The sordid tale of a British politician's failed marriage has taken a strange turn, as it is alleged that his wife accessed and edited his Wikipedia page multiple times in the weeks following their separation. Sondra, the wife of Conservative MP Mark Pritchard, made headlines earlier this week when she claimed that her husband had ended their 16-year marriage by text message. Pritchard has denied these allegations, and said that the couple's separation was a mutual decision following a period of "growing apart". However, Sondra has now admitted that she used Wikipedia to compile evidence against her husband in the days following their split. According to reports, she accessed and edited Pritchard's Wikipedia page multiple times in the weeks following their separation, making a number of changes that cast the MP in a negative light. The edits to Pritchard's Wikipedia page were traced back to computers in the Houses of Parliament, where both he and his wife work. It is alleged that Sondra used her access to a parliamentary computer to make the edits, which included changes to Pritchard's educational and professional background, as well as his political views and personal life. Speaking to reporters, Sondra said that she used Wikipedia to gather evidence against her husband in the weeks following their separation. "I knew that Mark was a public figure, and that his Wikipedia page was one of the first places people would look if they wanted to know more about him," she said. "So I started making changes to the page - adding some things, removing others - to paint a more accurate picture of who he is as a person. I didn't think it was wrong, given our situation." Pritchard's office declined to comment on the allegations, but a spokesperson for the MP said that he was "extremely disappointed" by his wife's behaviour. "Mark has always prided himself on his honesty and integrity, and the suggestion that he would use a text message to end a 16-year marriage is completely untrue," the spokesperson said. The incident has sparked widespread debate about the use and abuse of Wikipedia, the world's largest online encyclopedia. While some have defended Sondra's actions as a valid form of self-expression, others have condemned her for misusing a public resource for personal gain. "Wikipedia is an incredible tool for sharing knowledge and information with the world," said John Smith, a spokesperson for the Wikimedia Foundation, which oversees the website. "But it's important that people use it responsibly, and that they respect the accuracy and neutrality of the content." The scandal has also raised questions about the role of personal information in politics, and the extent to which public figures are entitled to privacy. While many politicians choose to keep their private lives separate from their public personas, others have embraced a more open approach, sharing personal details and experiences with their constituents. As the fallout from the scandal continues, it remains to be seen how it will affect Pritchard's political career. While some have called for his resignation, others have expressed sympathy for the MP, who they believe has been unfairly targeted by his estranged wife.