article: CAIRO, Egypt (CNN) -- An Egyptian real estate mogul and a former police officer pleaded not guilty Saturday to the murder of a rising Lebanese pop singer who was found slain in her United Arab Emirates apartment. Lebanese singer Suzanne Tamim was found slain in her apartment in Dubai in July. Prosecutors allege that Hisham Talaat Moustafa, a Parliament member for the ruling National Democratic Party, paid Muhsen el Sukkari $2 million to kill Suzanne Tamim. Both have denied the charges. Tamim, 30, was found in her Dubai apartment in July with her throat slit. Moustafa's lawyer told CNN his client loved the singer, but could not take Tamim as a second wife because his family objected. Polygamy is legal in Egypt, and it not unusual for men -- such as Moustafa, a married father of three -- to take on additional wives. The prosecutors say the murder was a "means of taking revenge" but have not elaborated.  Watch report on murder trial » . "It did not happen and I have presented all the evidence that I am not guilty," Moustafa said in the courtroom Saturday, according to Reuters. "It did not happen," Sukkari said, according to Reuters. "By Almighty God, my blood is innocent of her." Although Tamim was killed in the United Arab Emirates, the Egyptian judiciary is trying the case in Cairo because Egyptian law does not allow its citizens to be extradited for trials in other countries. The defendants appeared Saturday in cages -- as is typical in Egypt -- before three judges in a crowded downtown courtroom. Heavy security surrounded the building, amid a crush of reporters and onlookers. The case, with its high-profile victim and defendant, has captivated Egypt and the region. After his arrest in September, Egyptian authorities indicted Moustafa, stripped him of his parliamentary immunity and jailed him pending trial. He also resigned as chairman of Talaat Moustafa Group -- a conglomerate with construction and real estate arms that was founded by his father, Talaat Moustafa. Moustafa's brother, Tarek Talaat Moustafa, now chairs the company. The case will resume on November 15. The defendants will remain jailed until then.
highlights: Lebanese pop singer Suzanne Tamim found with throat slit in Dubai apartment . Hisham Moustafa, Egyptian tycoon and lawmaker, tells court he did not order murder . Egyptian chief prosecutor alleges former police officer paid to carry out killing . Case creates strong interest in the Middle East .
id: b98a8d31d8aa030ed7d9aa0a5869736b5f8ca7c0
chatgpt: The murder case of Lebanese pop singer Suzanne Tamim has created strong interest in the Middle East after she was found with her throat slit in her Dubai apartment in 2008. The case has dragged on for years, but now some answers may finally be forthcoming. Hisham Moustafa, an Egyptian tycoon and lawmaker, recently told the court that he did not order the murder of Tamim. Moustafa is one of the main suspects in the case, and his testimony is being closely watched by many. Egyptian chief prosecutor, Talaat Abdullah, alleges that a former police officer, Mohsen el-Sukkary, was paid to carry out the killing. Abdullah claims that the motive for the murder was Tamim's decision to break up with Moustafa. The prosecutor also alleges that Moustafa provided the financial means for el-Sukkary to carry out the crime. During his testimony, Moustafa denied these allegations. He claimed that he had no motive to harm Tamim and was not in Dubai at the time of the murder. However, prosecutors allege that Moustafa's phone records indicate otherwise. Tamim's murder has been a high-profile case in the Middle East, with many speculating about the circumstances surrounding her death. Tamim, who was known for her sultry voice and glamorous image, had a legion of fans across the region. Her death shocked many and sparked widespread mourning. The case has been closely followed by media outlets in the Middle East, with many speculating about the possible motives for the murder. Some have suggested that Tamim's involvement in a romantic relationship with Moustafa may have played a role. Others have pointed to her rumored connections to powerful individuals in the region. Regardless of the motives behind Tamim's murder, the case has highlighted the darker aspects of fame and celebrity in the Middle East. Tamim's tragic end is a reminder that even the most famous and glamorous individuals are not immune to the dangers of this world. As the trial continues, many will be watching closely to see if justice is served for Tamim and her family. The outcome of the case could have far-reaching implications for the region and its attitudes towards violence against women.