article: By . Kieran Gill . Follow @@kie1410 . Argentina are getting ready for their World Cup quarter-final showdown with Belgium where Lionel Messi can win his fifth man-of-the-match award in as many games. Coach Alejandro Sabella will hope the Barcelona maestro produces another pivotal performance when they take to the Estadio Nacional pitch in Brasilia in a bid to reach the final four. Sabella, though, has been on the defensive for his other forwards, insisting striker Gonzalo Higuain is pulling his weight despite not scoring yet. VIDEO Scroll down to see the Argentina squad sing about Maradona being better than Pele . Watch how it's done: Lionel Messi (left) gets the ball with Gonzalo Higuain (right) in training . Recovering: Sergio Aguero (left) jokes in training with Messi as he gets himself on the mend . Control: Messi is in the race for the Golden Boot in Brazil with four goals to his name so far . High spirits: The Argentina squad looked happy enough while doing exercises in training . Stretch: Argentina take on Belgium to try and book a place in the World Cup semi-finals . Reach: Rodrigo Palacio stretches for the ball in training as Argentina are put through their paces . Race: Ezequiel Lavezzi (left) and Aguero (right) get put to the test as Argentina train hard . Confused? Messi scratches his head while Argentina coach Alejandro Sabella looks on behind him . Fighting fit: Aguero joined in with practice after missing the Switzerland win through injury . 6 - James Rodriguez (Colombia) 4 - Thomas Muller (Germany), Lionel Messi (Argentina), Neymar (Brazil) 3 - Karim Benzema (France), Arjen Robben (Holland), Robin van Persie (Holland), Enner Valencia (Ecuador), Xherdan Shaqiri (Switzerland) Those in italic are out of the World Cup. Napoli player Higuain has been struggling for fitness after an ankle injury in May, and Messi has been heavily relied on for goals so far. The 26-year-old, playing at the centre of a three-man attack, has had little joy against defenders, but Sabella thinks his form is improving as the tournament goes on. The Argentina boss said: 'We all have a lot of confidence in him because he is a great player who is doing a great job for the team. What's missing is the goalscoring. 'He is improving every day. In the last match he ran more than any other player. He sacrifices himself for the team. 'All strikers need to score goals, but also help the team. 'I'm staying calm. Hopefully the goal will arrive soon.' But with Sergio Aguero's injury, Carlos Tevez being excluded and Higuain yet to find his feet in Brazil, Sabella may lean on Messi once more. Practice run: Argentina were doing exercises on the pitch at Estadio Nacional in Brasilia . The venue's set: Argentina and Belgium will battle it out for a place in the final four on Saturday . Got a plan? Sabella led training in Brasilia ahead of Saturday night's crunch match against Belgium .
highlights: Argentina train at Estadio Nacional in Brasilia ahead of Saturday's World Cup quarter-final against Belgium . Lionel Messi will go for fifth man-of-the-match award in as many games . Argentina coach Alejandro Sabella defends striker Gonzalo Higuain, who is yet to score in Brazil .
id: 73e6e1b182688f7798595c26562f1e2c17a73142
chatgpt: Argentina Train at Estadio Nacional in Brasilia Ahead of World Cup Quarter-Final Against Belgium The Argentina national football team trained at Estadio Nacional in Brasilia ahead of their World Cup quarter-final match against Belgium on Saturday. Led by captain Lionel Messi, the Argentine squad trained under the scorching heat of the Brazilian sun as they prepared for their next match in the tournament. Messi, who is in sensational form in the World Cup, will be going for his fifth man-of-the-match award in as many games when Argentina takes on Belgium. The Barcelona forward has been instrumental in guiding Argentina through to the quarter-finals, scoring four goals in the tournament so far. Argentina coach Alejandro Sabella defended striker Gonzalo Higuain, who is yet to score in the tournament, ahead of the match against Belgium. "Football is not only about goals, it's not fair to focus only on the goal-scorers," Sabella said in a press conference. "Gonzalo (Higuain) is a player who works hard for the team, we know how important he is for us and we have confidence in him." Higuain, who plays for Italian club Napoli, scored 25 goals in 46 appearances for the club in the 2013-2014 season. He is expected to start alongside Messi and Sergio Aguero in the quarter-final match. Argentina, who finished top of Group F, defeated Switzerland 1-0 in the round of 16 to advance to the quarter-finals. Belgium, who finished top of Group H, defeated the United States 2-1 in extra time in their round of 16 match. Argentina and Belgium have met twice before in the World Cup, with Argentina winning both matches. The last time they met was in the 1986 World Cup semi-finals, where Argentina won 2-0. The match between Argentina and Belgium is expected to be a tense affair, with both teams looking to advance to the semi-finals. Argentina, who have won the World Cup twice before, are one of the favorites to win the tournament this year. Messi, who is widely regarded as one of the best footballers in the world, will be looking to add a World Cup trophy to his already impressive list of achievements. The Argentine squad will be hoping for a strong performance against Belgium on Saturday, as they look to continue their journey towards the ultimate prize in football – the World Cup trophy.