article: Savings: The chancellor, George Osborne is expected to outline a further £10bn of welfare savings in the autumn statement on December 5 . Hidden public service cuts will drain Britain's poorest families of 30 per cent of their annual income by 2017, as the coalition's tough spending targets begin to bite, new TUC research reveals. It said reductions in benefits and family tax credits, combined with continuing cuts to welfare, will 'cause considerable financial harm for millions of families'. The dire predictions come as chancellor George Osborne prepares to deliver his autumn statement on December 5, in which he is expected to detail a further £10bn of welfare savings over the next five years. 'Unless George Osborne changes course,' the TUC warned. 'These cuts will be dwarfed by massive reductions in public services.' Their figures revealed that by 2016-17, the cumulative cost of lost public services for the poorest ten per cent of household will be £3,995 in cash terms - or 31.7 per cent of their average annual income. By contrast, the top tenth of the income scale will lose just £2,805 - or 2.5 per cent of annual income. This is because higher earners may use public transport less frequently, opt out of public schooling or healthcare, and less likely to rely on Sure Start centres. The analysis also said that the average household had already lost more than £1,200 in public services but the real pain is still to come - this is just a third of the cuts they are likely to experience by 2014-2015. The TUC report coincided with a study by the Joseph Rowntree Foundation which found that 6.1m people in working households live in poverty and more than 5.1m people live in working age households where no one has a job. Julia Unwin, the foundation's chief executive, told The Observer: 'The most distinctive characteristic of poverty today is the very high number of working people who are also poor.' Against the cuts: Protesters take part in a TUC march against the welfare cuts. Research by the Congress suggests that the poorest families could lose 30 per cent of their income as public services are withdrawn . Nick Davies, policy director at Children England, said on the scaling back back of children's services: 'Demand has increased, but funding reduced, and that has led to the withdrawal of some services and the rationing of others. 'Local authorities have to focus on their statutory responsibilities and other things get neglected.' Alison Garnham, chief executive of the Child Poverty Action Group, added: 'We are hearing reports from welfare rights advisers up and down the country that the services they provide are being cut or closed down. 'So a perfect storm is brewing: benefit cuts, service cuts and large-scale welfare reform.'
highlights: Public service cuts will drain Britain's poorest families of 30 per cent of their income, TUC say . Reductions in benefits and family credit, plus welfare cuts will 'cause considerable financial harm' Comes ahead of expected £10bn of welfare savings to be announced in autumn statement . Separate study shows 6m people in working households live in poverty .
id: da9f176a5dd92305707a26e3e3225e7ad1384479
chatgpt: Public service cuts are set to have a devastating impact on some of the UK's most vulnerable families, according to a report by the Trades Union Congress (TUC). Researchers found that the reductions in benefits and family credit, combined with welfare cuts, would drain 30 per cent of the income of Britain's poorest households. The proposed cuts come ahead of the expected £10bn welfare savings to be announced in the Autumn Statement. The TUC report highlighted that the cuts were likely to "cause considerable financial harm" to those already suffering from poverty. Among the worst affected are expected to be families with young children. Child benefit cuts are set to make it even harder for these households to make ends meet. The latest research shows the total number of people living in poverty in the UK is now 13.5 million, over half of whom are from working families. This is supported by a separate study which found that 6 million people living in working households were now officially classified as living in poverty. The cuts to public services target those who are often least able to absorb such cutbacks. This is compounded by reductions in overall welfare spending as well as other measures, such as the introduction of the controversial Universal Credit. As the TUC report points out, large cuts to public services will have far-reaching consequences. Families lacking access to basic services, such as childcare and social care, are likely to see these shortcomings lead to significant financial difficulties. The situation is of grave concern to social campaigners, who have long warned that the so-called "safety net" of the welfare state was already inadequate. While the government has promised not to slash spending on 'core' welfare payments, due to the UK’s economic situation, it faces enormous pressure to deliver budget reductions. As a result, countless families will now find themselves facing an even greater burden. The TUC report calls for a change in policy direction, away from public service cuts, and towards more effective measures to combat poverty. The study comes amid increasing concern about austerity measures across the political spectrum, with critics arguing that continued cutbacks will cause further damage to those already struggling to get by. In the current climate of economic uncertainty, cuts to public services look set to continue. However, as the TUC report demonstrates, such measures will have far-reaching consequences. The impact of these decisions on the most vulnerable members of society is likely to be severe, with considerable damage to both family finances and the wider economy. With an autumn statement still to be released outlining new welfare savings, campaigners will be keeping a close eye on the government's approach to public sector cuts over coming months.