article: A  girl who wrote to DC Comics after she was fed up of the misogynistic nature of her favourite comic books was delighted when the company transformed her into her very own hero. Rowan Hansen, 11, from Illinois, wrote a letter to the comic giants at the beginning of February expressing her annoyance with the lack of  female characters in the superhero strips. In it she called for more female characters and action figures and even pointed out that their rival Marvel comics were outdoing them in gender equality. Rowan Hansen (left) wrote a letter to DC comics complaining that there weren't enough female characters in their strips and movies, the company responded by recreating the 11-year-old in superhero form (right) In the letter Rowan wrote: 'I'm upset because there aren't very many girl superheroes or movies and comics from DC. 'There are Superman and Batman movies but not a Wonder Woman one. You have a Flash TV show but not a Wonder Woman one. 'Marvel comic made a movie about Talking Tree and Racoon Awesome but you haven't made a movie with Wonder Woman.' Rowan went on to say that she was not alone and there are many other female readers of DC comics. In her letter she tells DC that 'girls read comics too and they care', it received thousands of shares on Twitter . 'I love your comics, but I would love them a lot more if there were more girls. 'I asked a lot of the people I know whether they watched movies or read books or comics where girls were the main characters, they all said yes. 'Please do something about this. Girls read comics too and they care.' Her letter received thousands of shares on Twitter after Jim Hansen, Rowan's father posted it online. A disgruntled Rowan was therefore delighted when she received a reply later in the month from DC Comics who tweeted saying they are 'working hard to create more superhero fun for girls'. DC also tweeted to say that they agreed with Rowan and that more girls should read comics. Rowan with her father Jim who posted the letter online . To prove they were true to their word the company released a bespoke image of Rowan reimagined as her very own superhero complete with a costume and cape. The comic book super fan told Today says she could never get her head around the gender inequality in the superhero world. 'I have never really understood why they've had more male superheroes. 'It's not like the male superheroes are better than the female superheroes, there are just more of them.' Although Rowan was thrilled with her response she says that she will not cease to campaign for more female characters. She told Today: 'It was really, really cool. But I don't want people to think, "Oh, yeah, okay, they responded to her. Now it's over." I want people to keep trying to make this happen, because it's really important to me.'
highlights: Rowan Hanson, 11, complained to DC about the lack of female characters . Her father posted it online and it received thousands of shares . DC responded by reimagining Rowan as her very own superhero . Rowan says she will continue to campaign for more girl characters .
id: e741548a535147b1fb234d490db6c54f58edfd23
chatgpt: DC Comics has made a young girl's dream come true by reimagining her as a superhero. Rowan Hanson, an 11-year-old from Illinois, complained to DC about the lack of female characters in their comics and movies. Her father, Dr. John Hanson, posted her letter online which received thousands of shares and views. In her letter to DC, Rowan wrote, "I love your comics, but I would love them a lot more if there were more girls. Please do something about this. Girls read comics too, and they care." To Rowan's surprise, her letter caught the attention of DC Comics. They responded by reimagining her as a superhero, "Rowan the Bold", complete with a red cape, mask, and outfit. DC Comics posted the artwork on their Twitter page and wrote, "Thanks Rowan. We agree with you and think you're awesome. We made a comic for you." Rowan was overjoyed by DC's response, saying, "It was amazing. I didn't expect it at all. I just wrote the letter because I wanted to see more girl superheroes." She even said that she wants to hang the artwork in her room. This gesture by DC Comics is not only heartwarming but also empowering. It shows that even the smallest voices can make a difference. Rowan's letter has not only made a significant influence on DC Comics, but it has also encouraged other companies to reassess their representation of women in their media. Rowan has stated that she will continue to advocate for more female characters. She said, "I'm happy that I got to make a change, but I want to keep going. I want other girls to feel the same way I do when they see a superhero that looks like them." Rowan's passion for gender equality has become an inspiration for many. Her father, Dr. Hanson, said, "We're so proud of Rowan for standing up for what she believes in. It's essential to teach children to use their voice and advocate for causes they believe in." Gender representation in media has always been a pressing issue. For years, girls have been lacking in the superhero genre, and this has left many young girls feeling left out. However, DC Comics' response to Rowan's letter has sparked hope and brought about change. DC Comics has made it clear that it is essential to listen to the voices of consumers, even the youngest ones. Companies need to create more inclusive media, one that resonates with a diverse audience. The next time a young girl looks at a comic book or a movie screen, she should see herself in the characters and feel empowered. Rowan's actions have shown us that we all have the ability to make a difference, big or small. It is time for us all to listen to our inner superheroes and make our voices heard.