article: Six teenagers have been charged in connection with the sexual assault of an incapacitated 15-year-old girl at a party earlier this month in Seneca, South Carolina. The Oconee County Sheriff's Office is investigating the charges against the six, who include four juveniles. Investigators said the school resource officer at West-Oak High School received an anonymous tip that a student may have been sexually assaulted at the party on October 12. Scroll down for video . Tyler Joseph Normandin, left, and Brandon Peralta, right, have been charged in connection with the sexual assault of an incapacitated 15-year-old girl at a party earlier this month . Deputies said they then met with the victim and noticed visible injuries. Sheriff's investigators say they're awaiting toxicology tests to determine what caused the girl to be incapacitated. The six teens include Brandon Peralta, 17, Tyler Joseph Normandin, 18. The other four – three 16-year-olds and one 15-year-old - haven’t been named because they’re juveniles. According to warrants, Peralta is accused of engaging in sexual battery ‘using force and/or coercion to accomplish the battery, the defendant knowing or having reason to know that the victim was mentally defective, mentally incapacitated or physically helpless.’ Investigators said the school resource officer at West-Oak High School received an anonymous tip that a student may have been sexually assaulted at the party on October 12 . Warrants said Normandin encouraged 'others to commit the felony act of criminal sexual conduct upon a 15 year old victim' Warrants said Normandin, ‘with the intent that another commit a crime, did entice, advise, invite, order or otherwise encourage others to commit the felony act of criminal sexual conduct upon a 15 year old victim while said victim was mentally incapacitated or physically helpless.’ According to investigators, two others have been charged with Criminal Sexual Conduct – third degree, one with Criminal Sexual Conduct with a minor – 2nd degree, and one with Criminal Sexual Conduct with a minor third degree, but that juvenile will be charged as an adult. The Oconee County Sheriff’s Office is continuing their investigation. 'The young lady who was assaulted, she did not deserve that to happen regardless of the circumstances. It’s a terrible situation,' said Public Information Officer Jimmy Watt. He told News4 that there were no parents at the home when the incident happened, because they were out of town.
highlights: Officials at a South Carolina school received an anonymous tip that a student may have been sexually assaulted at the party on Oct. 12 . Six teens have been charged - four of them haven't been named because they're juveniles . Brandon Peralta, 17, is accused of engaging in sexual battery ‘using force and/or coercion to accomplish the battery' Tyler Normandin, 18, is accused of encouraging 'others to commit the felony act of criminal sexual conduct upon a 15 year old victim'
id: bb2817d451b099324106bda0979e593ab94f2913
chatgpt: Officials at a South Carolina school were recently notified of a potential sexual assault at a party on Oct. 12. According to an anonymous tip, a student may have been sexually assaulted at the event, leading to an investigation by law enforcement. As a result of the investigation, six teens have been charged in connection with the alleged sexual assault. So far, only two of the accused have been named publicly: Brandon Peralta, 17, and Tyler Normandin, 18. Peralta is facing charges of engaging in sexual battery, with authorities alleging that he used force and/or coercion to accomplish the battery. Normandin, on the other hand, is accused of encouraging others to commit the felony act of criminal sexual conduct upon a 15-year-old victim. Four other teens have also been charged in connection with the incident, but their names have not been released due to their status as juveniles. The investigation is still ongoing, and the identities of the individuals involved have not been revealed. However, authorities have emphasized that they take allegations of sexual assault seriously and will continue to pursue justice in this case. Sexual assault is a serious crime, and victims often suffer both physical and emotional damage as a result. It is important for law enforcement officials to thoroughly investigate any allegations of sexual assault and hold perpetrators accountable for their actions. In this case, it is encouraging to see that officials are taking the allegations seriously and pursuing justice for the alleged victim. It is also a reminder that sexual assault can happen anywhere, even at seemingly innocent events like parties. It is the responsibility of everyone to speak out against sexual assault and support survivors of this terrible crime. By working together, we can create a safer and more just society for all.