article: (CNN) -- A teenage mother and her young daughter, snatched off a Cleveland street, were found shot to death in a garage early Sunday, Cleveland, Ohio, police said. Thomas Lorde, the estranged boyfriend of 19-year-old Latasha Jackson and the father of 1-year-old Chaniya Wynn, was found next to them, dead of an apparent self-inflicted gunshot wound to the head, police said Sunday. Cleveland police issued an Amber Alert on Saturday after witnesses reported seeing Jackson and Chaniya abducted while walking on East 72nd Avenue in Cleveland. Jackson's 14-year-old brother was walking with the pair when he said Lorde approached. "He walked up on us and ... he pulled out the gun. He pointed it at me," the brother told CNN affiliate WEWS. "He told me to run." The brother, who CNN is not identifying because of his age, ran home and called 911. "I was scared for my niece and my sister," he said. "She (Jackson) was silent. She was scared. She didn't know what to do." The alert named Lorde, 25, as the kidnapping suspect, warning that he was a "violent sexual predator with felony warrants out of New York," and armed and dangerous. The alert was lifted Sunday after police found the bodies of the three "in a closed garage of an unoccupied structure in the 7000 block of Union Avenue," a police statement said. "All three were found unresponsive with gunshot wounds and pronounced dead on the scene," the statement said. No other details of the investigation were made public. CNN's Maggie Schneider contributed to this report.
highlights: NEW: "He walked up on us and ... he pulled out the gun," victim's brother says . The mother's estranged boyfriend is found dead from an apparent self-inflicted gunshot, police say . 19-year-old Latasha Jackson and 1-year-old Chaniya are found dead Sunday in a Cleveland garage . Witnesses tell police they saw Lorde snatch the mom and child off a Cleveland street .
id: 1ac8026a51511f420b22f00450d9533c0b783eb1
chatgpt: A mother and her one-year-old daughter were found dead in a garage in Cleveland on Sunday, prompting a police investigation into the circumstances of their deaths. Witnesses reported seeing a man, identified as Lorde, snatch the two from a Cleveland street.  The victims were identified as 19-year-old Latasha Jackson and her one-year-old daughter, Chaniya. According to reports, the two were taken to the garage by Lorde, who police say is the mother's estranged boyfriend.  The mother's brother spoke to reporters and admitted he had warned his sister to stay away from Lorde. "He walked up on us and...he pulled out the gun," he said. "I told her he was bad news." Police found Lorde dead in the garage from an apparent self-inflicted gunshot wound.  The community has been left shaken by the tragic event, with many paying their respects to the victims. "It's just a terrible tragedy," a neighbor said. "I can't believe something like this could happen in our neighborhood."  Police are continuing to investigate the matter and are not ruling out the possibility of further suspects. "We're asking anyone with information to come forward," a police spokesperson said. "We need to get to the bottom of this and make sure justice is served for Latasha and Chaniya."  The shocking incident has highlighted the need for better protection for victims of domestic abuse. "We need to do more to protect women and children from abusive partners," a community activist said. "This is a wake-up call for all of us."