article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . and Reuters . PUBLISHED: . 10:30 EST, 21 January 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 11:14 EST, 21 January 2014 . U.S. President Barack Obama plans to visit with Pope Francis at the Vatican in March during a trip to Europe, the White House said on Tuesday. Obama is scheduled to meet with the pope on March 27 in a trip that will include stops in the Netherlands, Belgium and other parts of Italy, it said in a statement. It will be the first meeting between the two men, who share a focus on addressing the gap between rich and poor. First meeting: President Obama will be stopping in the Vatican on March 27 as part of a longer trip to Europe in order to meet with Pope Francis (right) Respectful: Mr and Mrs Obama met with Pope Francis' predecessor Pope Benedict in 2009 . 'The president looks forward to discussing with Pope Francis their shared commitment to fighting poverty and growing inequality,' the White House said. Pope Francis, who took the helm of the Roman Catholic Church in March 2013, has led an effort to simplify the church and focus on the needy. Known for being frugal, he has appealed to people to help the poor, offered to drive his own car and chosen cardinals to emphasize his concern for poorer nations. In December, Obama quoted the pope in a speech and pledged to focus his final term in office to tackling the growing gap between rich and poor in the United States. Day of service: The White House said that President Obama, seen here with daughter Sasha volunteering at a soup kitchen in honor of Martin Luther King Day, said that he admires the Pope's desire to lessen the gap between rich and poor . Mass appeal: Pope Francis has made his mark as the leader of the Catholic church for being humble and approachable . The trip also marks Obama first official visit to two European Union bodies - the European Council and the European Commission - the White House added. He will be in Brussels on March 26 to meet with presidents of the two institutions. In the Netherlands, Obama will attend the Nuclear Security Summit to discuss progress in securing nuclear materials and efforts to prevent nuclear terrorism with other world leaders, the statement said. The president will also meet with Italian leaders in Rome, it said. Making the rounds: Pope Francis has already met with a number of world leaders, including Russia's Vladimir Putin .
highlights: Obama is going to the Netherlands, Belgium and Italy on a European trip . Will stop in the Vatican on March 27 to meet with Pope Francis . 'The president looks forward to discussing with Pope Francis their shared commitment to fighting poverty and growing inequality,' the White House said in a statement announcing the trip .
id: 428cd6abfb6933b1ec627406494c8b0464dfe6f0
chatgpt: Former United States President Barack Obama is embarking on a European trip that will see him visiting the Netherlands, Belgium, and Italy. One of the highlights of the trip will be a stopover at the Vatican on March 27, where he will meet with Pope Francis. According to a statement from the White House, the meeting between Obama and Pope Francis will revolve around their shared commitment to fighting poverty and inequality. The statement reads in part, "The president looks forward to discussing with Pope Francis their shared commitment to fighting poverty and growing inequality." Obama is no stranger to the Vatican; he has visited the headquarters of the Roman Catholic Church on a number of occasions, including during his presidency. During his last visit in 2014, he met with Pope Francis to discuss various issues, including poverty and inequality, the situations in Syria and Iraq, and immigration. The upcoming meeting between Obama and Pope Francis is expected to touch on similar topics, given the two leaders' shared beliefs on social justice and fairness. Both have been vocal proponents of creating opportunities for those who are less privileged and working towards a more just and equitable society. Obama's European tour comes at a time when the continent is grappling with a wide range of challenges, from immigration to the rise of far-right nationalism. During his time in the Netherlands, Obama is expected to speak at the World Leadership Summit in Amsterdam, where he will address some of these issues. The former president's trip is also expected to include a stopover in Brussels, where he will meet with NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg. The meeting is expected to touch on a number of topics, including the future of the transatlantic alliance, the fight against terrorism, and the role of NATO in a changing world. In Italy, Obama will likely meet with other high-level officials to discuss various issues, including climate change and the economic situation in Europe. He will also participate in a conference on food innovation, where he will discuss ways to address food insecurity and promote sustainable agriculture. Overall, Obama's European trip is seen as an opportunity for him to engage with leaders and officials from various countries and discuss issues that are dear to his heart. The meeting with Pope Francis, in particular, is expected to be a highlight of the trip, as it will give the two leaders a chance to discuss their shared commitment to social justice and creating a more equitable world.