article: Former Sons of Guns star Will Hayden has now been indicted in two separate child rape cases . An East Baton Rouge Parish grand jury has indicted former reality TV star Will Hayden on three counts of rape involving two victims. The Advocate reports the 49-year-old Hayden, who once starred in the 'Sons of Guns' TV show based out of his Baton Rouge gun shop, was charged Wednesday with two counts of aggravated rape and one count of forcible rape. Hayden is accused of raping a young girl multiple times between March 2013 and August According to the indictment. The assaults allegedly began a few days after the girl's 11th birthday. He's also accused of raping a woman in the early 1990s and was charged with forcible rape in that incident. Hayden's attorney, Frank Holthaus, could not confirm the indictment, saying he had yet to see it. Hayden was arrested August 27. After the arrest, The Discovery Channel canceled the show, citing 'the serious and horrific nature of the charges' against the star. He was arrested on aggravated rape charges involving a child and had already faced child molestation and aggravated crime against nature charges stemming from an arrest August 9. Hayden began having sex with the child, then 11 years old, in 2013, according to allegations in an affidavit filed by sheriff's deputies. The latest rape, the report said, happened in July. A guardian of the victim contacted deputies Aug. 16. The victim confided to the guardian after Hayden's Aug. 9 arrest, according to the report. Hayden is accused of raping a young girl multiple times between March 2013 and August According to the indictment, the assaults allegedly began a few days after the girl's 11th birthday. Deputies said they met with the child and guardian and took a statement. According to the affidavit, the child told deputies Hayden took her virginity when she was 11 years old and that sex acts happened almost daily thereafter. The report says Hayden coerced the victim into silence with threats of physical abuse. 'Don't tell them nothing because I'm all you've got,' the affidavit says the 49-year-old Hayden told the victim. 'Sons of Guns' began airing in 2011 and followed Hayden's family-owned custom firearms business. Episodes often showed Hayden and his adult daughter, Stephanie, helping customers find weapons, including rifles. Other scenes showed the process of making the guns, images from firing ranges, and ammunition tips. 'Sons of Guns' began airing in 2011 and followed Hayden's family-owned custom firearms business. Episodes often showed Hayden and his adult daughter, Stephanie, helping customers find weapons, including rifles .
highlights: Will Hayden arrested twice in August for raping  two women, East Baton Rouge police say . Hayden's family-owned custom firearm business was the subject of a Discovery reality show . Hayden's first accuser claims he raped her in the early 1990s when she was a child . The subsequent accuser says the crimes began soon after her 11th birthday and ended in August 2013 .
id: fff4c6dd6e85e0d44c9617f19ae665cbf722ba87
chatgpt: Will Hayden, the star of Discovery's "Sons of Guns," has been arrested twice in the month of August for reportedly raping two women. According to the East Baton Rouge police, the first accuser claims that Hayden raped her in the early 1990s when she was just a child. The second accuser alleges that Hayden began raping her shortly after her 11th birthday and continued to do so until August of 2013. Hayden's family-owned custom firearm business, Red Jacket Firearms, was the subject of the "Sons of Guns" reality show which aired on Discovery from 2011 to 2014. The show followed the daily activities of the gun shop and its employees, including Hayden. Hayden was arrested on August 9th on a charge of aggravated rape. The first accuser claimed that Hayden began sexually abusing her when she was just 12 years old and continued to do so until she was 19. The victim, now in her 30s, reported the alleged abuse to the police earlier this year. On August 26th, Hayden was arrested once again on a charge of aggravated rape. The second accuser told investigators that Hayden began raping her shortly after her 11th birthday, and the abuse continued until she was 16. The victim, now in her 20s, reported the alleged abuse to the police in June of this year. Hayden remains in custody, and his bail has been set at $250,000 for each charge. His attorney, Frank Holthaus, said in a statement that his client "has steadfastly maintained his innocence throughout this ordeal." Red Jacket Firearms issued a statement following Hayden's arrest, saying that "we are shocked and saddened by the arrest of Will Hayden. We support the victim and hope for a swift and just resolution to this matter." Discovery, the network behind "Sons of Guns," also released a statement, saying that they were "disgusted to learn of the charges against Will Hayden. We are no longer filming with him or airing any episodes featuring him. The safety and welfare of our viewers is our utmost priority." Hayden's arrest has implications for the gun industry, which is already under fire for its handling of firearms in the wake of numerous mass shootings. Gun control advocates have been pushing for stricter regulations on gun ownership, and this latest news will only add fuel to the fire. The case against Hayden is ongoing, and more information is expected to come to light as the investigation continues. In the meantime, Hayden's career and reputation are in shambles, and his alleged victims are seeking justice for the alleged crimes committed against them.