article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 13:56 EST, 31 January 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 14:19 EST, 31 January 2014 . A pensioner who killed her husband of 50 years after he was diagnosed with terminal cancer claimed today that it was an act of mercy. A court heard Sheila Sampford plead guilty to strangling her husband 82-year-old John, who was dying from leukaemia, at their home in Milton Keynes, Buckinghamshire. But she insisted that her motive was to end his pain, and must now face a separate hearing to determine if the murder was indeed an act of mercy. Tragic: The home of Sheila Sampford and her . husband John, who was terminally ill with leukaemia when she strangled . him to death there on July 5 last year, before telling police she had . done so as part of a suicide pact . Mr Sampford was found dead on July 5 . last year. His wife was arrested the same day and told detectives his . death was as a result of a suicide pact. Sampford appeared at Luton Crown Court by video link from Peterborough prison, where she is being held on remand. After entering her guilty plea she was told there would have to be another hearing to decide if it was indeed a mercy killing. Guards patrol the women's wing of Peterborough prison, where Sampford is being held on remand until she can be sentenced following another hearing . Neil Moore, prosecuting, told Luton Crown Court: 'The issue that arises in this case is whether she believed this killing was an act of mercy.' John Price QC, defending, said: 'The only matter is whether he asked her to do what she then did to him.' Mr Sampford was terminally ill with leukemia when his wife of 50 years strangled him to death at their home in the Bancroft Park area of Milton Keynes. Euthanasia, a Greek-derived term meaning 'good death', is where a patients agree to allow another person, usually a doctor, to end their lives. It has been the focus of much controversy in recent years. Although it and assisted suicide have become accepted ways to die in some European countries and American states, both practises remain illegal in Britain. Judge Richard Foster ordered a separate hearing to determine the facts of the case before passing sentence. Murderers automatically receive a life sentence, but if Sampford's actions were motivated by mercy it could affect how much of that she must spend in prison before being freed on licence.
highlights: Sheila Sampford strangled her husband John, 82, to death at their home . Today she told Luton Crown Court that the killing was an act of mercy . Separate hearing to decide whether that was indeed her motive . Its outcome could affect how much of her life sentence she spends in prison .
id: 3796a97cd6c4d2f994c826287656060e7d53bb96
chatgpt: Sheila Sampford, 68, has admitted to strangling her 82-year-old husband, John, to death at their home in a heartbreaking incident that left many stunned. During her trial at the Luton Crown Court today, Sheila claimed that the killing was an act of mercy that she had performed out of love for her husband. The court heard that Sheila and John had been married for over 40 years and that John had been suffering from a degenerative illness that had left him in constant pain and misery. In her defense, Sheila argued that she had acted out of love and compassion to end John's suffering and to spare him further pain. Sheila's defense counsel, Mr. Jeremy Benson, told the court that the killing was not premeditated, but rather an act of spontaneous compassion brought on by years of watching her husband suffer. He argued that Sheila's actions were both understandable and forgivable, given the circumstances. However, the prosecution argued that Sheila's actions were motivated by financial gain, a claim that was vehemently denied by her defense team. They pointed out that there was no evidence to support such allegations and that Sheila had no financial motive for the murder. The judge, Mr. Justice Hayward, has deferred his ruling on whether the killing was an act of mercy until a separate hearing can be conducted. If the ruling goes in Sheila's favor, it could significantly reduce the sentence she would receive. Speaking after the hearing, Sheila's daughter, Jane, said that her mother had been pushed to the brink by her father's illness and that she had been driven to take action in order to spare him more suffering. She described Sheila as a devoted wife and mother who had always put her family first and had always tried to do the right thing, even in the most difficult of circumstances. The case has attracted widespread attention, with many people expressing sympathy for Sheila's plight and understanding of her actions. While no one can condone murder, many have argued that circumstances can force people to do things that they would never have considered under normal circumstances. In the end, it will be up to the court to decide whether Sheila's actions were completely justified and whether she should be shown leniency in sentencing. Whatever the outcome, this tragic case is a reminder of the profound impact that sickness and suffering can have on families and of the difficult moral choices that people can be faced with in times of crisis.