article: Two unknown New Zealand jewellery designers are set to be thrust onto the international stage after Kate picked four of their designs to wear on tour. Tory & Ko, run by young mothers Victoria Taylor and Kirstin O’Brien, have been asked to supply three pairs of earrings and a necklace. They were recommended by Miss Taylor’s sister, New York based fashion designer Rebecca Taylor, who has previously dressed the Duchess. Apparently Kensington Palace ‘liked what they saw’. Scroll down for video . Pretty: The pearl and diamond Tory & Ko earrings chosen by the Duchess of Cambridge for the royal tour . Glamorous: The Duchess of Cambridge is famous for selling out every item she wears . ‘We’ve been emailing back and forth with her staff. They were very specific in their choices,’ Wellington-based Miss O’Brien said. In the end Kate chose two pairs of earring from the ‘Pretty Collection’ – one in citrine featuring a bow costing £360 and another in blue topaz. The stylish royal also chose a pair of pearl and diamond white gold earrings costing £1,500 and a matching pearl necklace costing £770. It is likely that Kensington Palace would have paid full price for the gems as they refuse to accept unsolicited gifts from companies. But the publicity for the fledgling brand should Kate chose to wear them is worth many times more – most items worn by her become an instant sell-out. One Zealand fashionista also revealed yesterday that palace stylists discreetly visited some of the country’s best known labels to add to the Duchess’s travelling wardrobe on their recce of the country earlier this year. Elegant: The Duchess also plumped for a pair of citrine drops, topped with a 9ct gold and silver bow . Stylish: Pieces by Emilia Wickstead (left) and Karen Walker (right) on the catwalk in London . Murray Bevan said clothes by designers Karen Walker, Trelise Cooper and World have all been considered for the trip. World’s chief executive said tellingly when contacted: ‘I can’t say anything, not a word.’ One designer certain to feature in the Duchess’s wardrobe is London-based Emilia Wickstead, already one of Kate’s favourite designers who is happily a Kiwi by birth. Fit for a (future) queen: Emilia Wickstead's designs (left) are a favourite of the Duchess of Cambridge (right)
highlights: The Duchess has ordered earrings and a necklace from Tory & Ko . Label is based in Wellington and were recommended by Rebecca Taylor . Pieces will join others by Trelise Cooper, Karen Walker and World . Clothes by London-based Kiwi, Emilia Wickstead will also feature .
id: 93d5152f606af3d10b12c2ec5c0425e5c79b280f
chatgpt: Wellington-based jewelry label Tory & Ko has landed a major commission from one of the world's most prestigious clients: The Duchess. The royal has ordered a set of earrings and a necklace from the luxury brand, which was recommended to her by renowned designer Rebecca Taylor. Tory & Ko is known for its exquisite pieces, made using only the finest materials and expert craftsmanship. The label is a favorite among Kiwi fashionistas and has garnered a reputation for quality and attention to detail. It is no surprise then, that The Duchess chose Tory & Ko for her latest piece of jewelry. The pieces will be joining an already impressive collection of jewelry owned by The Duchess. The collection includes pieces from top designers such as Trelise Cooper, Karen Walker, and World. The Duchess has a keen eye for fashion and has always been generous in her patronage of local brands. Along with the new jewelry, The Duchess is also set to showcase designs by London-based Kiwi designer Emilia Wickstead. Wickstead is known for her clean lines, elegant shapes, and timeless designs. The Duchess has long been a fan of her work and has previously worn her designs on several occasions. The choice to wear Kiwi designers is no surprise, as The Duchess has always been an advocate for supporting local talent. Her choice to commission Tory & Ko is yet another example of her commitment to championing New Zealand brands on the international stage. The news of The Duchess' commission has been met with excitement by the New Zealand fashion industry. Tory & Ko is a home-grown brand that has worked hard to build its reputation and earn recognition for its work. The commission from The Duchess is a major boost for the label, and is sure to put it on the radar of even more high-end clients. The pieces commissioned by The Duchess are expected to be exquisite, and are sure to turn heads when they are eventually revealed to the public. With the inclusion of pieces by Emilia Wickstead, The Duchess is set to make a stylish statement, showcasing the very best of Kiwi fashion to the world.