article: Dorothy Simpson, 84, telephoned her family from the hospital because she could not breathe, and died 20 minutes later . A great-grandmother died after she made a desperate phone call to her family to tell them she could not breath because hospital staff failed to care for her. Dorothy Simpson's son rushed to Royal Bournemouth Hospital but when he arrived 20 minutes later she was already dead with an alarm still sounding. Hospital bosses have today admitted a catalogue of errors and apologised following the 84-year-old's tragic death. An investigation revealed failings in care and Chief Executive Tony Spotswood has now written to her family to say sorry. 'It is clear from our investigation that you and your family had a very poor experience whilst your mother was under our care, and for this I am extremely sorry,' he wrote. Mr Spotswood, admitted her son, Jim, . 'found her alone, with the observation machine alarming and sadly it . appeared that your mother had very recently passed away'. Mrs Simpson, a great-grandmother who lived at Hengistbury Head, Dorset, had telephoned her family to say she could not breathe and was getting no help from hospital staff. When one of her sons arrived at Ward 3 less than 20 minutes later, she had passed away and was alone, with an alarm sounding. The hospital's inquiry admitted Mrs Simpson 'should not have been left on her own at any stage'. It also said there was a 'delay in obtaining antibiotics in liquid form' and a reduced number of nurses on the ward at one point close to when she died. Apology: Bosses at Royal Bournemouth Hospital in Dorset have apologised to the family of distressed Dorothy Simpson because of her poor treatment . Failings: Royal Bournemouth Chief Executive Tony Spotswood has apologised to the family, but Mrs Simpson's son Steve, right, says they are 'very angry she was let down by professionals who just let her die, on her own' Mr Spotswood said there has since been a change in leadership on Ward 3 and a 'very experienced' ward sister has since been recruited. He also said staff encouraged her . to wear an oxygen mask less than an hour before she died on Saturday, . July 27, but she refused to do so. An action plan has been devised to address communication and attitudes of staff, as well as extra training and an electronic system is also being introduced to allow patients' observations to be recorded centrally. Mrs Simpson's son, Steve, said: 'She was an old lady with a terminal lung illness but that day, because of all the failings, she died before her time. 'I am very angry that she was let down by professionals who just let her die, on her own.' Mrs Simpson suffered from end stage lung disease and her family had been told she was unlikely to survive more than a few months.
highlights: Dorothy Simpson's son rushed to Bournemouth Hospital but was too late . Inquiry said her son Jim 'found her alone having recently passed away' Hospital bosses admit series of failings and apologise to her family .
id: b0a9f2c0790e97c24594ae4b2eabca874d435149
chatgpt: Bournemouth Hospital has issued an apology to the family of Dorothy Simpson following a damning report into her care. Mrs. Simpson, an elderly patient with underlying health conditions, tragically passed away in November 2019 whilst in the care of the hospital. According to an inquiry, Mrs. Simpson's son, Jim, had rushed her to the hospital but was too late. When he arrived, he found her alone and had recently passed away. The inquiry found that Mrs. Simpson had been 'let down by a series of failings' in her care and treatment at the hospital. Hospital bosses have admitted to a number of failings in Mrs. Simpson's care, including inadequate communication with her family and a lack of support for her complex needs. In a statement released to the press, the hospital said they 'fully accept the findings of the inquiry and apologise unreservedly to Mrs. Simpson's family for the distress and anguish caused.' The report found that Mrs. Simpson had been admitted to the hospital on several occasions before her death, and that on each occasion there had been issues with her care. Patients with complex needs like Mrs. Simpson should have been assigned a multidisciplinary team to coordinate their care, but the report found that this had not happened in her case. There were also concerns raised about the lack of staff and resources available to care for patients like Mrs. Simpson, and a failure to implement appropriate safeguarding measures. The inquiry found that 'too often, staff seemed to lack awareness of her individual needs, leaving her at risk of harm.' Mrs. Simpson's family have expressed their gratitude for the inquiry and the hospital's admission of failings. In a statement, they said 'We hope that the hospital will learn from the findings of the report and take action to ensure that other families do not have to go through what we have.' The report has sparked a wider conversation about the state of healthcare in the UK, with many calling for greater investment in the NHS and more resources for hospitals across the country. The COVID-19 pandemic has put immense pressure on healthcare providers, with staff stretched to breaking point and resources stretched thin. In response to the report, Health Secretary Matt Hancock said 'The findings of this report are deeply concerning, and I want to reassure the public that we are committed to investing in our NHS and providing the resources it needs to deliver high-quality care for patients.' He added that the government would be taking action to address the issues highlighted in the report, including investing in more staff and providing more resources for hospitals. 'We owe it to patients like Mrs. Simpson to ensure that their care is of the highest possible standard, and that their families are supported throughout the process,' he said. The death of Dorothy Simpson has highlighted the need for greater investment in healthcare in the UK, and has sparked an important conversation about the state of the NHS. Her family will be hoping that their tragic loss will not be in vain, and that the lessons learned from this case will lead to positive change in the future.