article: By . James Salmon . The Chancellor launched the second big sell-off of Lloyds shares last night - raising hopes that British taxpayers could get their money back. The Treasury authorised the sale of a 7.5pc stake in the UK's largest bank, in a move expected to raise more than £4billion. The sale of 5.4billion shares will reduce taxpayers' stake in the giant lender from 32.7pc to around 25pc, and marks the biggest step towards re-privatisation taken so far. Chancellor of the Exchequer George Osborne has agreed the sale of a further 7.5 per cent of the Government's shares in Lloyds . An announcement on the completion of the sale is expected today. Four investment banks appointed by the Treasury, including JPMogan, were instructed to approach giant institutional investors, including pension funds last night. Based on the bank's closing price of 79.11p, the latest sale is expected to raise about £4.2 billion. But the Treasury is only expected to make a small profit. Lloyds received a £20billion bail out from taxpayers during the height of the financial crisis in 2008. George Osborne has pledged to get taxpayers' money back, meaning he has to sell the shares at above the 73.6p 'break even' price paid by the previous government. Lloyds received a £20billion bail out from taxpayers during the height of the financial crisis in 2008 . The Treasury began its disposal of Lloyds shares last September with the sale of a 6pc stake in the bank for £3.2billion. But Mr Osborne's claims to have made a profit were rejected by spending watchdog the National Audit Office, which said the country made a £230million loss. For the second time, ordinary retail investors will not be able to take part in the Lloyds shares sale. It is thought that the Treasury and UKFI – the arms length body which manages taxpayers' stakes in bailed out bans – believes a retail offer is still too risky. Although the UK economy appears to be recovering, Treasury insiders said the 'global situation is less certain'. It is thought that the Treasury hopes to involve retail investors in the next sale and is targeting the Autumn. John O'Connell, director of the Taxpayers' Alliance said: . 'We're very keen that Lloyds and RBS are put back into private hands as soon as possible – as long as taxpayers get a good deal. Politicians have been tampering with banks for too long.' Hopes the Government could start re-privatising Royal Bank of Scotland have receded after the lender slumped to a £8.2billion loss last year.
highlights: Share sale expected to raise more than £4bn for the Treasury . It marks the biggest step towards re-privatisation taken so far . Announcement on the completion of the sale expected today . Lloyds received a £20bn bail out from taxpayers in 2008 .
id: 8c57debce82c5fc5cb2ad8ef033c6108b64e151c
chatgpt: Lloyds Banking Group is set to raise more than £4bn for the Treasury as it takes the biggest step towards re-privatisation since receiving a £20bn bailout from taxpayers in 2008. The sale of the government's remaining 6.5% stake in the bank is expected to be completed today. The announcement of the completion of the sale will be a significant moment for Lloyds and for the UK government. It marks the end of a long and often difficult journey for the bank, which has worked hard to rebuild its reputation and improve its financial performance since the financial crisis. The sale will also be a significant moment for the UK economy. The government's stake in Lloyds has been a major issue for policymakers since the bank received its bailout in 2008. The sale of the remaining stake will enable the government to recoup a significant portion of the money it invested in the bank during the financial crisis. Lloyds is now in a much stronger position than it was in 2008, thanks to a series of successful cost-cutting measures and improvements in its profitability. It has also benefited from a recovering UK economy, which has helped to drive growth in the banking sector. The sale of the remaining stake in Lloyds is expected to be a highly anticipated event amongst investors. The bank has been one of the strongest performers in the FTSE 100 in recent years, thanks to a strong focus on cost-cutting and the transformation of its business model. It has also been able to capitalise on the UK's economic recovery, which has helped to drive demand for its products and services. For the UK government, the sale of the remaining stake in Lloyds is an important moment. It will allow the government to demonstrate that it is serious about reducing the UK's deficit and recouping the money invested in the bank during the financial crisis. It is not yet clear who the buyers of the remaining shares in Lloyds will be. However, it is expected that the sale will attract significant interest from institutional investors and retail investors, who will be keen to capitalise on the opportunity to invest in one of the UK's leading banks. In conclusion, the sale of the remaining stake in Lloyds is a significant moment for both the bank and the UK government. It marks the end of a long and often difficult journey for Lloyds and is a major step towards re-privatisation. For the UK economy, it is an important moment that demonstrates the government's commitment to reducing the deficit and recouping the money invested in the bank during the financial crisis. The sale is also expected to attract significant interest from investors, who will be keen to take advantage of the opportunity to invest in one of the UK's leading banks.