article: By . Chris Greenwood . PUBLISHED: . 11:34 EST, 5 August 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 19:45 EST, 5 August 2013 . Re-arrested: Rolf Harris . Rolf Harris was yesterday  re-arrested on suspicion of new sexual offences. He was questioned over  ‘further allegations’ made to detectives at Scotland Yard’s Operation Yewtree. They arose after he was first revealed to be a suspect in the controversial inquiry four months ago. The Met refused to discuss the nature of the allegations. But they are now believed to involve more than one complainant and cover a period of several years. Police insisted that the allegations remain unconnected to paedophile Jimmy Savile, who sparked the Yewtree inquiry. Neighbours said Harris, 83, has not been seen at his home in Bray, Berkshire, for several days. The Australian-born star is the biggest name to be arrested as part of the inquiry into historic sex offences. He was first questioned under caution when he attended a police station by appointment in November last year. His original accuser is a woman who claims she was sexually assaulted by him when she was a teenager. It is understood that he vehemently denies the allegations but has declined to issue a formal statement on the matter. Harris is being dealt with under the 'others' strand, meaning the allegations have no link to shamed DJ Savile . Rolf Harris, 83, was pictured performing on Sunday at the Wickham Festival in Hampshire . Harris’s wife of 55 years is the Welsh sculptress and jeweller Alwen Hughes, 81. The . artist and singer received a rapturous reception from fans when he . performed on London’s South Bank and in Bristol this year. Earlier, . a leaked email from his Sydney-based brother and manager Bruce Harris . revealed the family’s frustration at the pace of police investigations. Writing . to a friend, Bruce said: ‘This has been dragging on for nearly seven . months. The Plod in the UK are certainly taking their time. Rare public appearance: Harris performed at the Wickham Festival in Hampshire over the weekend, where he greeted fans with a loud 'G'day!' and became emotional as he thanked them for their support . 'We’ve been . advised by Rolf’s top-notch legal team to sit tight and make no . comment.’ Others held . as part of Yewtree include pop star Gary Glitter, comedian Freddie . Starr, DJ Dave Lee Travis, publicist Max Clifford and comedian Jim . Davidson. A Metropolitan . Police spokesman confirmed Harris was ‘further arrested on suspicion of . sexual offences in connection with further allegations made to Operation . Yewtree.’ Sorry we are unable to accept comments for legal reasons.
highlights: Harris was first arrested in March by detectives from Operation Yewtree . National investigation is probing historical allegations of sexual abuse . The allegations have no link to shamed DJ Jimmy Savile, police said .
id: e91ecb82a1ad0114c0845c8162a2d9ffc346a09d
chatgpt: Renowned British broadcaster Rolf Harris has been arrested again, it has been confirmed today. This follows a previous arrest back in March, when he was apprehended by detectives as part of Operation Yewtree, a nationwide investigation into historical allegations of sexual abuse. Harris, who is now 83 years old, had previously been questioned and bailed in relation to allegations of indecent assault. The nature of the recent arrest remains unclear, however, sources indicate that the allegations have no link to former BBC presenter, Jimmy Savile. Since Savile's death in 2011, the entertainment industry has been rocked by allegations of sexual misconduct by various public figures. The police launched the wide-ranging Operation Yewtree to investigate possible offenses by other individuals during the same era. In addition to the passing of time, investigators also face the challenge of locating witnesses who may be reluctant to come forward after all these years. This has been a major issue in other sex abuse inquiries in the UK. Harris is well known globally for his television programs, music and artwork. His unmistakable Australian accent and larger-than-life personality have made him a beloved national treasure. In 2005 he was appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) for his services to entertainment. Following his initial arrest in March, Harris categorically denied the allegations, saying that they were "completely unfounded" and that he would "cooperate fully" with police. Harris is the latest individual to be arrested as a result of Operation Yewtree. Others include former pop star Gary Glitter, publicist Max Clifford and comedian Freddie Starr. All have denied any wrongdoing. Thursday's arrest is a further blow to Harris and his family, as well as his army of fans who have been left shocked and saddened by the allegations against him. It is unclear at this stage as to whether he has been charged or released on bail. The investigation is ongoing, and detectives continue to appeal for anyone with information to come forward. They have reiterated their commitment to investigating all allegations of sexual abuse in line with national policing guidelines. The allegations against Harris, as with all complaints, must be fully and impartially investigated, no matter how famous the individual. Harris is widely regarded as a pioneer of modern entertainment, but as with other high-profile allegations of sex abuse, the accusations threaten to cast a shadow over his legacy. It is a timely reminder that nobody is above the law, no matter how venerable or well-respected they may be.