article: New York (CNN) -- A 12-year-old girl found hanged in her home left behind a suicide note that mentioned online bullying, according to police. Gabrielle Molina was found dead Wednesday afternoon by her family, authorities said. In addition to interviewing Gabrielle's friends and relatives, police took two computers from the seventh-grader's home to investigate whether harsh online messages and other cyberbullying may have been a factor in driving the young girl to take her life, New York Police Commissioner Ray Kelly told reporters. "It's a terrible, terrible tragedy," Kelly said Thursday. Police released few other details. Gabrielle's school, Jean Nuzzi Intermediate School 109 in Queens, received an overall rank of B in the city's 2012 school progress reports, but a C in the "School Environment" portion, which includes rankings on safety and respect, communication and engagement. But Dennis M. Walcott, chancellor of the New York City Department of Education, says he takes cyberbullying seriously. "It's something that I want to make sure we continue to focus on, something I'm very much interested in working with our student population about," he said. "Kids need to know they're not in this situation by themselves," Thomas Meyers, a crisis counselor sent to the school to talk to Molina's classmates, told CNN affiliate WCBS. Young people and social media: Docs examine pitfalls . According to the Cyberbullying Research Center, approximately 20% of students report experiencing cyberbullying in their lifetimes, and adolescent girls are specifically likely to have experienced it. In a 2008 Yale University report published in the International Journal of Adolescent Medicine and Health, researchers analyzed 37 studies that examined bullying and suicide among children and adolescents. Nearly all of the studies found a link between being bullied and suicidal thoughts among young people, and five even reported that victims of bullying were 2-9 times more likely to report suicidal thoughts than other young people. Suicide is the third-leading cause of death among young people, resulting in about 4,400 deaths per year, according to the Centers for Disease Control. For every suicide among young people, there are at least 100 suicide attempts. When bullying goes high-tech .
highlights: Girl hangs self at her home in Queens . Suicide note mentions cyberbullying, police say . Investigation will include look at two computers .
id: 90bcdd1c4ab3f6dfe0393e91eff08a4ca67da67d
chatgpt: QUEENS, NEW YORK - The community is in shock after a young girl was found dead in her home in Queens. The 14-year-old girl, whose identity is being withheld, was found hanging in her bedroom on Tuesday evening. Authorities believe that the girl took her own life after experiencing cyberbullying. According to police reports, the girl's suicide note mentioned that the reason for her taking her own life was due to cyberbullying. A spokesperson for the NYPD said that they are taking the note seriously and have launched an investigation into the matter. "Any time we receive a report of a suicide note, we take it seriously," the spokesperson said. "We will be looking into this matter thoroughly to determine what happened and who, if anyone, is responsible." The investigation will include a look at the two computers in the girl's home to determine if there is any evidence of cyberbullying. The spokesperson said that cyberbullying can be just as harmful as physical bullying and that it is a serious issue that needs to be addressed. "Cyberbullying is a real problem that affects many young people," the spokesperson said. "It is important that we take this matter seriously and work together as a community to prevent it." The girl's death has shocked the community and has raised questions about the prevalence of cyberbullying in today's society. The NYPD is urging parents to talk to their children about the dangers of cyberbullying and to monitor their online activity. "This is a tragic reminder of the need for parents to be vigilant about their children's online activity," the spokesperson said. "We urge parents to talk to their kids about the dangers of cyberbullying and to monitor their online activity to prevent tragedies like this from happening." The investigation into the girl's death is ongoing, and anyone with information is asked to come forward. The NYPD is asking the public to call 1-800-577-TIPS if they have any information that could help with the investigation.