article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner is reluctant to pay a group of New York hedge funds nearly £900million, fearing other creditors will also demand money . Argentina was last night locked in last-ditch talks with investors as it battled to prevent a second default since the turn of the century. The Latin American country had until last night to pay lenders £320million in interest payments or default on its debts. But court orders required Buenos Aires to also pay a group of New York hedge funds nearly £900million at the same time – something the Argentinian government was reluctant to do. Economy minister Axel Kicillof was in talks last night in a bid to strike a deal with the so-called ‘holdout’ investors and stave off a second default in 13 years. The country was told to hand over £320million in interest payments to bondholders who agreed to take a 70 per cent cut on their holdings following the financial crisis that rocked the country in the early 2000s. But a New York judge has forbidden the transfer of the funds to take place unless Argentina also pays £900million to another group of ‘holdout’ creditors – a group of US hedge funds that are demanding repayment in full. President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner fears that granting what she considers to be the ‘vultures’ their wish could trigger claims from the investors who had previously accepted losses to also demand full repayment. It is feared that a default would plunge Argentina deeper into recession, push up inflation and send the currency tumbling on the international markets. Last week, Olivier Blanchard, chief economist at the International Monetary Fund, warned that the economic cost to Argentina of defaulting again might be 'substantial'. 'I think that for Argentina, if it goes into default and doesn't pay the holdouts, there might be substantial costs in being basically unable to access markets for some time,' he said. But IMF managing director Christine Lagarde last night tried to play down fears that a default would send shockwaves through emerging markets worldwide. 'While default is always regrettable, we do not believe that it would have major substantive consequences outside, on a much broader basis,' she said. The Argentine government had until last night to repay investors £320million, but problems arose after a New York judge banned the payments from taking place unless hedge funds were paid £900million .
highlights: Cristina de Kirchner had until last night to repay £320million to creditors . But judge ruled money cannot be released until another £900million is paid . Ruling raises prospect of third Argentine default in the last 30 years .
id: 23d81de0ac50bea46a92153658e3885798538cbb
chatgpt: Argentina’s former president Cristina de Kirchner was given until last night to repay £320million ($416m) owed to bondholders. However, a New York judge has ruled that the money cannot be released until the country pays another £900million ($1.2bn) to other creditors. The ruling raises the prospect of the country’s third default in the last 30 years. Argentina has been experiencing financial difficulties ever since it defaulted on $80bn of debt in 2001, which led to the country experiencing an economic crisis that lasted a decade. Since then, the country has been battling legal battles with its creditors who have been demanding repayment of their debts. In 2015, the government of Cristina de Kirchner reached a deal with some of the bondholders, who agreed to take less than the value of their bonds to settle the dispute. However, a group of creditors led by Paul Singer’s Elliott Management refused to accept the deal and went to court. Last year, Elliott won a legal battle and a US court ordered Argentina to pay the firm and other creditors $1.6bn, which the government has been resisting. The ruling issued last night means that Judge Thomas Griesa is standing firm on this, stating that the country cannot pay any other creditor until Elliott is paid. If Argentina fails to come to an agreement with the creditors, the country could enter its third default in the last 30 years. The previous defaults occurred in 1982 and 2001, with the latter leading to the country experiencing one of the worst economic crises in its history. This would not only damage Argentina’s reputation among investors but also make it more difficult for the country to access international capital markets in the future. It is unclear whether the ruling will be appealed by Argentina, but the government has been trying to show that it is willing to negotiate with its creditors. In June, the country increased its offer to bondholders to 53 cents on the dollar, up from its previous offer of 39 cents. Argentina is currently in talks with the International Monetary Fund (IMF) to receive a $50bn loan to help the country out of its financial crisis. However, the prospect of another default could put the talks in jeopardy and make it more difficult for the country to receive the loan. The ruling is also a setback for President Mauricio Macri, who came to power in 2015 with the promise of fixing the country’s economy and resolving the legal disputes with its creditors. Macri has been implementing austerity measures and other reforms to make the country more attractive to investors, but the recent ruling could undermine his efforts. In conclusion, the ruling by Judge Thomas Griesa means that Argentina is facing yet another legal and financial battle with its creditors. The country has until now managed to avoid a default, but the latest ruling raises the likelihood of another economic crisis. The government of Argentina will need to engage with its creditors and come to a resolution if it is to avoid the financial woes of the past.