article: (CNN) -- A second consecutive round of 66 fired Paul Casey to the top of the Memorial Tournament leaderboard in Dublin, Ohio, Friday after overnight leader Rory McIlroy fell away. Casey shot six birdies and an eagle, which more than canceled out bogies on holes nine and 17, to finish the day on 12-under-par. The Englishman now sits three shots ahead of Masters champion Bubba Watson going into the weekend. "I had very good control of the irons today," Casey told the PGA Tour website upon reaching the clubhouse. "The driving was still good again but I was ecstatic with the way I played. There was a couple of mistakes in there. But that's Muirfield Village. It's a tricky golf course and you don't need to do a lot wrong to make a mistake." McIlroy had led by three strokes after Thursday's stunning 63 but fell way back to tie for 24th position at the end of day thanks to second round 78 that included three bogeys and three double-bogeys. The 25-year-old Northern Irishman, who picked up the European PGA title at Wentworth last weekend, had complained of a knee problem after his first round but refused to blame injury for his poor showing. "I felt it a little bit, but didn't really bother me too much," he said. "Hopefully that's the bad run out of the way and I can play some good golf on the weekend and get myself back in with the shots," he added. Elsewhere on the course, a 70 for Chris Kirk ensured he kept up the pressure on second-placed Watson, lying one shot back at eight-under-par. Japan's Hideki Matsuyama, meanwhile, carded a five-under par round of 67 to tie for fourth with Martin Flores of the U.S. on seven-under-par. World No. 1 Adam Scott, who won the Colonial tournament last weekend, shot a solid second round of 70 to end the day tied for 10th position at five-under-par.
highlights: Paul Casey leads Memorial after second round of 66 . Overnight leader Rory McIlroy fades badly during second round . Bubba Watson finishes day in second position . Top-ranked Adam Scott still in contention .
id: 66dd4918a65a0588a3bb43c465930060c6709fc8
chatgpt: Paul Casey is on track to win the Memorial Tournament after a second round of 66, taking the lead after the first day’s overnight leader, Rory McIlroy, took a stumble. McIlroy looked like he was on the right track during the first day of play, but faded badly during the second day. McIlroy finished with a 76, placing him tied for 51st place. McIlroy’s struggles were particularly surprising since he has looked to be in good form recently, but it just wasn’t his day. Bubba Watson made up some ground on Casey during the second round, finishing the day in second place after a round of 67. Watson had five birdies and one bogey during the round and is only one stroke behind Casey. Watson is a past winner of the tournament, so he will be looking to use his previous experience to push for a win against Casey. Another player who is still in contention for the Memorial is top-ranked Adam Scott, who had a strong second round, finishing with a 68. Scott had four birdies and one bogey during his round, putting him tied for third place with Chris Kirk. Scott is known for his consistency and he will be looking to use that to his advantage during the final round of the tournament. Paul Casey looked in good form during the second round, finishing with a 66, which included six birdies and no bogeys. Casey, who already had two victories this year, will be looking to add another trophy to his collection with a win at Memorial. Casey has been in good form throughout the year, and he will be hoping to continue that form during the final round. The final day of the tournament promises to be an exciting one, with the top players all in contention for the win. Casey will be looking to hold onto his lead and secure his third victory of the year. Watson will be looking to make up ground, while Scott will be using his consistency to stay in contention. The Memorial is always a favorite game, and we will be looking forward to an exciting final round.