article: A 37-year-old living in London accused of plotting to murder British and American forces in Iraq with roadside bombs in 2007 is to appear in court. Anis Abid Sardar was arrested by anti-terror police after they raided his home in north west London yesterday. Sardar was arrested on suspicion of being involved in the manufacture of improvised explosive devices in Iraq. A number of the devices were recovered from the Al Anbar province of Iraq in 2007. The mainly Sunni western region borders Syria, Jordan and Saudi Arabia and saw fierce fighting between U.S. forces and insurgents. Anis Abid Sardar was arrested on suspicion of being involved in the manufacture of improvised explosive devices IED) in Iraq. File picture of an IED exploding in a controlled detonation in Afghanistan in 2010 . Officers searched the address while he was taken to a south London police station to be questioned. Tonight Sardar was charged with conspiracy to murder and is due to appear before Westminster Magistrates' Court tomorrow. Deborah Walsh, Deputy Head of Counter Terrorism at the Crown Prosecution Service, said: 'Following an investigation by the Metropolitan Police Service, I have today authorised charges against Anis Abid Sardar in connection to a number of road side improvised explosive devices (IEDs) recovered from the Al Anbar province of Iraq in 2007. 'It is alleged that Mr Sardar conspired to murder coalition forces operating in Iraq on or before 22 November 2007 by conspiring to cause the explosion of these IEDs. Anis Abid Sardar will appear before Westminster Magistrates' Court tomorrow. File picture . 'The decision to prosecute was taken in accordance with the Code for Crown Prosecutors. I have determined that there is sufficient evidence for a realistic prospect of conviction and that a prosecution is in the public interest.' Sardar is charged with conspiracy to murder in that he on or before 22 November 2007, 'conspired with Sajjad Nabil Salih Al S Adnan to murder others unknown.' He is also charged with conspiring to cause an explosion with intent to endanger life or property contrary in that on or before 22 November 2007 'unlawfully and maliciously conspired with Sajjad Nabil Salih Al S Adnan to cause by an explosive substance explosions of a nature likely to endanger life or cause serious injury to property.' Ms Walsh added: 'Anis Abid Sardar will appear before Westminster Magistrates' Court tomorrow, 25 September 2014.' Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
highlights: Anis Abid Sardar arrested by anti-terror police in raid on his London home . 37-year-old was arrested on suspicion of making IED devices used in Iraq . Charged with conspiracy to murder and conspiring to cause an explosion .
id: f3f70185948608386fd4fcb706aaa31e75b8c657
chatgpt: Anti-terror police have arrested 37-year-old Anis Abid Sardar in a raid on his London home. He is suspected of being involved in the making of Improvised Explosive Devices (IEDs) that were used in Iraq. The arrest was made in connection with a wider investigation into a series of bombings that took place in Baghdad in 2007, during the peak of the insurgency in Iraq. UK authorities have been working with Iraqi officials to track down those responsible for the attacks, which left dozens of people dead and many more injured. Sardar is facing charges of conspiracy to murder and conspiring to cause an explosion. He appeared in court on Wednesday, where he was remanded in custody. His next hearing is scheduled for January. According to the police, Sardar was part of a group of individuals who were responsible for manufacturing and transporting the IEDs to Iraq. The devices were sophisticated and highly dangerous, and they were used to target coalition forces as well as civilians. The investigation into Sardar's activities has been ongoing for several years, and it is part of a wider effort to prevent terrorists from using UK soil as a base from which to launch attacks in other countries. The authorities have been working closely with intelligence agencies and counter-terrorism experts to identify and disrupt potential threats to national security. The arrest of Sardar highlights the ongoing threat posed by terrorist networks and the critical role played by law enforcement agencies in countering these threats. The police have urged the public to remain vigilant and to report any suspicious activities or individuals to the authorities. This is not the first time that the UK has been implicated in terrorist activities overseas. In recent years, there have been a number of high-profile cases involving individuals who were linked to terrorist groups and who used the UK as a base from which to plan and carry out attacks. The UK government has taken a tough stance on terrorism and has introduced a range of measures to prevent attacks and to prosecute those who are responsible. These measures include increased surveillance, tighter border controls, and tougher penalties for those who are found to be involved in terrorist activities. The arrest of Sardar is a reminder that the fight against terrorism is ongoing and that the authorities must remain vigilant in their efforts to protect the public from harm. Despite the significant progress that has been made in recent years, the threat of terrorism remains real, and we must all remain alert to the risks and take appropriate measures to protect ourselves and our communities.