article: By . Robin Cottle for MailOnline . Fernando Torres scored in his first start for AC Milan as his side came back from two goals down to draw 2-2 at promoted Empoli in Serie A. After early goals from Lorenzo Tonelli and Manuel Pucciarelli, Torres found the target with a header in the 43rd and Japan midfielder Keisuke Honda equalized with a shot from the edge of the area in the 58th. Milan had a chance to win when Torres, who joined Milan last month in a two-year loan deal from Chelsea, set up Jeremy Menez in the 62nd but the Frenchman's shot hit the crossbar. Fernando Torres celebrates his first AC Milan goal . The former Chelsea striker's brilliant header brought his new side back into the Serie A clash . 'He's a real professional,' Milan full back Ignazio Abate said of Torres, 'I'm sure he'll bring us many satisfactions.' Empoli finished with 10 men after Mirko Valdifiori picked up his second yellow card in the 86th for a foul on Nigel de Jong. Milan moved level with Hellas Verona in third place, two points behind leaders Roma and Juventus, which both play Wednesday. Roma visits Parma and Juventus hosts Cesena. Empoli has only two points from four matches and is back in the top division after a six-year absence, But it came out full of energy while Milan, which was coming off a draining 1-0 loss to Juventus, appeared to lack organization in defense. In four matches this season, Milan has conceded eight goals . 'We started too softly and this was a match full of dangers,' Abate said. 'There's a lot of room for improvement and we've got to start with what we showed in the second half tonight.' Fernando Torres gets a high five from Nigel de Jong on his first Milan start . And Keisuke Honda's late strike earned Milan a point . Tonelli took advantage of Milan's defensive lapses by heading in following a corner in the 13th after being left unmarked inside the box. Empoli's second goal was a perfectly executed free kick, as Francesco Tavano's smart touch left Pucciarelli with only the goalkeeper to beat. Simone Verdi had a chance to make it 3-0 in the 31st but his header sailed just high. Shortly after Torres found the far corner of the net, Empoli coach Maurizio Sarri was sent off for protests. Tavano had a chance to restore Empoli's two-goal lead in the 55th but he couldn't finish off a counterattack - shooting wide as defenders Daniele Bonera and Cristian Zapata trailed behind him. Honda's equaliser came from a shot that went through a defender's legs.
highlights: Fernando Torres heads his first AC Milan goal at Empoli . Empoli had raced into a 2-0 lead through Lorenzo Tonelli and Manuel Pucciarelli . After Torres cut the defecit, Keisuke Honda earned Milan a point . Torres joined on a two-year loan deal from Chelsea in the transfer window, taking him up to the end of his Blues contract .
id: bb43d9fd4ddf0c17a6b789986d735bf77fc94cfa
chatgpt: Former Chelsea striker Fernando Torres scored his first goal for AC Milan in their Serie A match against Empoli, helping the Rossoneri to comeback from a 2-0 deficit to earn a point. Empoli had started strongly, with Lorenzo Tonelli and Manuel Pucciarelli both finding the back of the net in the first half. However, the introduction of Torres proved to be a turning point for AC Milan. The Spanish striker, who joined the Italian club on a two-year loan deal from Chelsea, found the back of the net in the 43rd minute. Torres' goal was a result of a fine header, as he met a well-placed cross from Andrea Poli to beat Empolu's goalkeeper. Torres' goal provided Milan with the necessary momentum to push for an equalizer, and it came in the 72nd minute. Japan international Keisuke Honda converted a penalty to make it 2-2, securing a point for the Rossoneri. The result means that AC Milan are now eighth in the Serie A table, with five points from their first three games. While there were some encouraging signs in their second-half performance against Empoli, there is still room for improvement for Filippo Inzaghi's side. Despite the draw, Torres will be pleased to have opened his account for Milan. The former Liverpool striker moved to Chelsea in a £50m deal in 2011, but struggled to live up to his price tag at Stamford Bridge. After a loan spell at AC Milan last season, Torres agreed to another temporary move to the Serie A club for the 2015/16 season. Torres had made five appearances for Milan this season before the match against Empoli, but had yet to score a goal. The Spanish striker's goal will be a relief for both him and the Milan fans, and could provide him with the confidence to make a significant impact in Serie A this season. Milan will now look ahead to their next match, a home game against Palermo. Inzaghi will hope that Torres' goal will be the first of many for the Rossoneri, as they seek to improve on last season's disappointing eighth-place finish in Serie A.