article: PARIS, France (CNN) -- Debris from Air France 447, which crashed en route from Brazil to France last month, killing 228 people, has arrived in France, the French air accident investigation agency BEA said Wednesday. Searchers have discovered hundreds of pieces of wreckage from Air France Flight 447. "The debris ... will be sent to Toulouse where they will be examined at the Center of Aeronautics Tests of Toulouse (a branch of the Defense Ministry) under the control of the police and the BEA investigators," said the French air accident investigation agency BEA. The wreckage was transported to France from Brazil by the ship "La Ville de Bordeaux," according to the plane's manufacturer Airbus. It will be taken overland to Toulouse by truck. Flight 447 went down in the Atlantic Ocean in stormy weather as if flew from Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, to Charles de Gaulle Airport in Paris, France on June 1. Only 51 bodies were recovered, and the search is ongoing for the cause of the crash. The search for the data and voice recorders from the plane entered a second phase last week, according to France's accident investigation agency. The flight data recorder and the cockpit voice recorder -- commonly known as "black boxes" -- stop giving out acoustic broadcasts after 30 days. But investigators decided to continue listening for the "pings" for another 10 days after that. On July 10, two U.S. naval vessels and the French Navy submarine called off their search for the recorders, which investigators hope will shed light on exactly how and why the plane crashed. The second phase of the search will involve France's oceanographic ship "Pourquoi Pas?" which carries specialized exploration and intervention vehicles, according to the BEA. The French vessel will conduct new searches using diving equipment and towed sonar, the BEA said. Finding the recorders is of "capital importance" and "no effort must be spared in achieving this end," Air France has said. "We want to stress that for the sake of the families, we hope that the search for the black boxes will be successful," an Air France representative told CNN. The crash was the worst in Air France's 75-year history. Earlier this month, investigators revealed that the plane bellyflopped intact into the Atlantic Ocean. Investigator Alain Bouillard said it was still not clear what caused the crash. The mountainous ocean floor in the search area ranges from 3,280 to 15,091 feet, BEA officials have said in the past, making the search for the recorders -- and the rest of the plane's debris -- difficult. "It is as if it fell in the Andes (mountains)," Olivier Ferrante, chief of the BEA search mission said. Brazil called off the search for bodies on June 27, having found 51 of the 228 people who died, according to the military. Investigators have also found more than 600 parts and structural components of the plane, along with luggage, Bouillard said.
highlights: Debris from Air France 447, which crashed last month, has arrived in France . Plane went down off Brazil on June 1, killing all 228 aboard . French oceanographic ship will conduct new searches for data recorders .
id: 56e15a5383a725ce5942df55d6e877f7afdd47c5
chatgpt: After a month-long search, debris from the ill-fated Air France 447 has finally arrived in France. This brings a glimmer of hope for families of the 228 people who lost their lives in the tragic incident that took place on June 1, 2009. The wreckage of the Airbus A330-200 was discovered on the ocean floor off Brazil by a navy vessel. French authorities have sent out an oceanographic ship to search for the black box recorders. French Environment Minister Jean-Louis Borloo said the French Navy's nuclear submarine Emeraude will also be sent to hunt for the black boxes. The black boxes, which contain flight data and cockpit voice recorders, are crucial in determining the cause of the crash. Without them, investigators would be unable to piece together what happened in the final moments of the flight. The search for the black boxes is expected to take several weeks. The oceanographic ship, equipped with a remotely operated vehicle (ROV), will scan the ocean floor looking for any traces of the black boxes. The French navy is also using a towed-sonar system, which can detect sounds up to six miles away, to listen for the pinging sounds given off by the black boxes. This system will be deployed by the nuclear submarine to complement the search. Despite the difficulties of recovering the black boxes, French officials remain determined to find them. The French government has pledged to do everything possible to determine the cause of the crash and prevent a similar tragedy from happening again. The crash of Air France 447 has raised questions about the safety of modern aircraft. The plane's faulty sensors have been identified as a possible cause of the crash, and experts are now calling for changes in the way planes are designed and tested. In the wake of the crash, the European Commission has called for a review of aviation safety regulations. European Union Transport Commissioner Antonio Tajani has asked for an "urgent and thorough survey of current practices concerning aeronautical design, manufacture and certification." The French government has also announced plans to tighten regulations governing the training of pilots. The new regulations will require pilots to undergo more extensive training and be re-certified on a regular basis. The search for the black boxes of Air France 447 is a race against time. The data they contain will be crucial in determining the cause of the crash and preventing future tragedies. As the search continues, families of the victims can only hope that the black boxes will be found, providing closure and answers to the tragic events of June 1, 2009.