article: Hong Kong (CNN) -- Signs of oil and gas have been found by a Chinese rig that was drilling off a disputed island chain in the South China Seas, according to Chinese state media. The drilling area does have the basic conditions and potential for oil exploration, Wang Zhen, deputy director of CNPC Policy Research Office, told Xinhua. The drilling operation, known as the Zhongjiannan Project, was completed on July 15, according to the China National Petroleum Corporation (CNPC). The state-owned energy company will further analyze the collected geological data before announcing their next steps. When China dispatched the oil rig on May 2 to begin drilling near the Paracel Islands in the South China Seas, the move kicked off a series of confrontations between Chinese and Vietnamese vessels in the area. Both nations claim ownership over the chain China refers to as the Xisha islands. Rioting . Clashes at sea sparked violent anti-Chinese riots on land. Thousands of Chinese nationals had to be evacuated from Vietnam in mid-May as the demonstrations turned deadly. In the face of Vietnam's ferocious protests, Beijing has stood its ground on its claim over the Paracels. China's Ministry of Foreign Affairs spokesperson Hong Lei emphasized this on Wednesday. "The Xisha Islands are integral parts of China. The operation by the Chinese company is located in indisputable coastal waters of the Xisha (Paracel) Islands, which falls well within China's sovereignty," said Hong. Xinhua also reported that 13 Vietnamese fishermen previously arrested by the Chinese coastguard were deported on Tuesday. The fishermen were accused of operating illegally in Chinese waters off the coast of Hainan Province. Vietnam continues to reject China's claims to the Paracels, calling recent drilling activities "illegal" and in violation of international law. According to CNOOC, a third of China's oil and gas resources are under the South China Sea, most of which it claims as its own, refuting rival claims from Vietnam, the Philippines, Taiwan, Malaysia, and Brunei.
highlights: China completed a drilling operation near the Paracel Islands between May 2 and July 15 . The area has potential for oil exploration and is contested by China and Vietnam . China recently deported 13 Vietnamese who were arrested for fishing in Chinese waters .
id: 0cfcbfd1dbe407f1bc0eaafbf562305e15471a83
chatgpt: China has recently completed a controversial drilling operation near the Paracel Islands, which are currently contested by both China and Vietnam. The operation took place between May 2 and July 15 and has sparked further tensions between the two countries. The drilling operation took place in an area with potential for oil exploration, which has been of great interest to China. However, this has been met with opposition from Vietnam, as the Paracel Islands lie within its exclusive economic zone. Both countries have made claims to the area, with China asserting its historical rights to the region and Vietnam citing its sovereignty over the islands. This recent drilling operation has further escalated tensions between the two nations. This comes just weeks after China deported 13 Vietnamese fishermen who were arrested for fishing in Chinese waters. Vietnam has criticized China's actions, claiming that the fishermen were operating within its exclusive economic zone and that their detention was illegal. The situation remains tense between China and Vietnam, with both nations unwilling to back down on their claims to the Paracel Islands. The Chinese drilling operation, which took place despite Vietnam's objections, is just one example of the ongoing territorial dispute between the two nations. The drilling operation has raised concerns amongst some observers who fear that the potential for oil exploration in the disputed area could lead to further military tensions in the region. The Chairman of Vietnam's National Assembly, Nguyen Thi Kim Ngan, recently stated that China's actions in the South China Sea threaten regional stability and that Vietnam would continue to defend its sovereignty over the Paracel Islands. In response, Chinese officials have defended the drilling operation, stating that they have a right to explore for oil in the region. China has also criticized Vietnam's actions in the area, stating that it has conducted illegal activities in Chinese waters. The ongoing territorial dispute between China and Vietnam remains a contentious issue in the region. With oil reserves at stake, both nations are unlikely to back down and tensions are likely to continue to escalate in the future.