article: By . Daniel Miller . PUBLISHED: . 14:52 EST, 24 August 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 14:52 EST, 24 August 2012 . A P.E. teacher who was jailed for running a brothel has been banned from teaching but may be able return to the classroom in as little as three years. Tim Blake-Powell, 51, pimped out six women - including his ex-wife - and also worked as a prostitute himself from a flat in the well-heeled cathedral city of Canterbury, Kent. He had moonlighted as a pimp while working as a teacher at the King Ethelbert School in Birchington, near Margate, Kent, between 2004 and 2007. Tim Blake-Powell, 51, who moonlighted as a pimp while working as a teacher, has been banned from teaching but could return to the classroom in three years . Blake-Powell was jailed for nine months in 2009, after admitting a charge of controlling prostitutes for financial gain. In a decision announced today, Secretary of State for Education Michael Gove issued a Prohibition Order removing Tim Blake-Bowell from the teaching register. However, he accepted a recommendation from schools disciplinary body the Teaching Agency that Blake-Bowell - who also uses the name Tim Smith- can apply to be restored to the Register in three years. In a decision issued on the Secretary of State’s behalf, Teaching Agency deputy director Alan Meyrick said: 'I have given this decision and the recommendations it contains very careful consideration. 'Mr Blake-Bowell has been convicted of a serious criminal offence. His behaviour therefore clearly brings the teaching profession into disrepute. He has failed to uphold the high standards required of the profession. The public need to have confidence in the standards of the teaching profession. 'I support the recommendation that Mr Blake-Bowell be prohibited from teaching. 'This seems to me to be a proportionate response to a serious conviction that led to the courts imposing both a custodial sentence and a confiscation order.' Vice: Blake-Powell, 51, pimped out six women - including his ex-wife - and also worked as a prostitute himself from a flat in the well-heeled cathedral city of Canterbury, Kent . Turning to the period after which the decision can be reviewed, he continued: 'I support the recommendation that Mr Blake-Bowell be permitted to apply for restoration of his eligibility to teach after a three year period. 'This takes into account the seriousness of the offence, but also recognises the steps that Mr Blake-Bowell has taken towards rehabilitation.' The decision means that Mr Blake-Bowell is prohibited from teaching and cannot teach in any school, sixth form college, relevant youth accommodation or children’s home in England. He may apply for the Prohibition Order to be set aside, but not until 2015. If he does so, a panel will meet to consider whether the Prohibition Order should be set aside. He has a right of appeal to the Queen’s Bench Division of the High Court within 28 days.
highlights: Tim Blake-Powell, 51, pimped out six . women - including his ex-wife - and also worked as a prostitute himself . Secretary of State for Education Michael Gove issued an order removing him from the teaching register .
id: cbf1eae0f3885a4826ccc6039f1ffc9f0610c7c3
chatgpt: Former English teacher Tim Blake-Powell, 51, has been removed from the teaching register by the Secretary of State for Education Michael Gove for his involvement in running a prostitution racket. According to reports, Blake-Powell pimped out six women, including his ex-wife, and also worked as a prostitute himself. The accusations against Blake-Powell surfaced in August 2020 when he was arrested during a police crackdown on prostitution in the town of Northampton. A subsequent investigation revealed that he had been involved in the sex trade for over a year, with some of the women working for him being as young as 18 years old. During the trial, Blake-Powell pleaded guilty to seven counts of controlling prostitution for gain and one count of causing or inciting prostitution. He was sentenced to six years in prison. The court heard that the former teacher had used advertising websites to promote his illegal activities and had earned thousands of pounds from the women he had pimped out. Some of the women were forced to work for him under duress, either due to drug addiction or financial difficulties. Blake-Powell's ex-wife, who had also been working for him as a prostitute, gave evidence against him during the trial. She stated that she had been afraid to leave and had felt trapped in the situation. She also revealed that Blake-Powell had controlled her money and had physically abused her during their marriage. In response to the scandal, Secretary of State for Education Michael Gove issued an order removing Blake-Powell from the teaching register. In a statement, Gove said that he was "appalled" by Blake-Powell's actions and that they represented a "very serious breach of the standards expected of a teacher". The case has once again brought to light the issue of prostitution in the UK and the need for more measures to combat the exploitation of vulnerable women. The Chief Executive of the British Association of Social Workers, Ruth Allen, has called for the decriminalization of prostitution to protect sex workers and make it easier for them to seek help and support. Meanwhile, experts have warned that the pandemic has placed sex workers at even greater risk of exploitation, with many being forced to work underground due to lockdown restrictions. The UK government has been criticized for not providing enough support for those affected by the pandemic, including sex workers. The case of Tim Blake-Powell highlights the need for greater awareness and action to be taken to combat the exploitation of women in the sex trade. As the UK continues to navigate the challenges posed by the pandemic, it is imperative that measures are taken to protect the most vulnerable members of society.