article: By . Paul Harris . When a 200ft pentagram-shaped crop circle appeared in his prized wheat field, farmer Henry Arden was livid. And the arrival of hordes of sightseers when pictures of it spread rapidly online did little to calm his temper. But now Mr Arden’s views on the mystical design have turned full circle – he admits he has ‘grown to love it’. The five-point star appeared last week in his field near Tetbury, Gloucestershire. Within hours it was photographed and logged on internet crop-circle sites. The 200ft pentagram-shaped crop circle, which appeared in a wheat field in Tetbury, Gloucestershire last week . The reports went viral – and soon the design was drawing the crowds. A party of French nationals turned up by coach, offering to pay for a viewing. A Lyon-based TV crew filmed it for the Discovery Channel and a group of unannounced visitors got an earful from Mr Arden when he caught them on his land. But the pentagram, widely used in paganism, Wicca and other religions, seems to have had a calming effect on Mr Arden. He and his girlfriend Sarah Jennings – temporarily separated following a ‘falling out’ – repaired their relationship after spending time enjoying its tranquility at the weekend. The mystical design, which is widely used in paganism, Wicca and other religion had visitors flocking to Henry Arden's prized field . Mr Arden, who is also a professional photographer, said: ‘Sarah and I spent a wonderful, peaceful four hours there, chilling out. It happens to be on a part of the farm that is astonishingly beautiful. ‘I don’t believe in mystic powers and I certainly don’t want people to think these things are made by aliens, which obviously they’re not. But I have to say, it looks great.’ The first Mr Arden knew about the crop circle was when he saw a helicopter hovering nearby. ‘I went up there and found the circle,’ he said. ‘I didn’t really want hordes of people trampling over our finest milling wheat. I was so angry about it I was really rude to some people. However, I’ve grown to love it for various reasons.’ The new circle is a few miles from the Prince of Wales’s Highgrove estate. Prince Charles, a keen agriculturalist, took a public interest in the once-mysterious crop circle phenomenon before it was proven to be no more than a series of man-made hoaxes. Nevertheless, perpetrators have since striven annually to create the biggest, best or most intriguing circles. This one is believed to be the latest in a succession recorded recently in Gloucestershire, Hampshire and Wiltshire. Alas, Mr Arden’s circle of love may soon vanish through a more traditional use of English wheat fields. He is about to harvest the grain.
highlights: Henry Arden discovered 200ft crop circle in his prized wheat field last week . At first was angry that people had trampled all over his milling wheat . Reports of the circle went viral and visitors started flocking to farm . But after spending time enjoying circle's 'tranquility' has changed his mind . Now he admits he has grown to love it but will be harvesting the grain soon .
id: fc61ae2518f72bc1f4b63d44353494435d6e8e16
chatgpt: Last week, a farmer from Wiltshire, Henry Arden, discovered an enormous 200ft crop circle in his prized wheat field. Initially, he was livid that people had trampled all over his milling wheat. But in a matter of days, reports of the mysterious crop circle went viral, and visitors started flocking to his farm. The crop circle, created by flattening crops in circular designs, has been the subject of debate among conspiracy theorists, enthusiasts, and scientists for decades. Some claim they are signs of extraterrestrial activity, while others believe they are simply a form of modern art. But for Henry Arden, it was just a nuisance – until he got the chance to spend some time inside the circle. "At first, I was pretty angry," he said. "This is my livelihood, and people have destroyed it. But then, I went out there and spent some time in the circle, and I have to admit, it’s quite remarkable." Arden has since had a change of heart about the crop circle, admitting that he has grown to love it. He said that he now sees the circle's "tranquility" and understands why people are so fascinated with it. "It’s a really peaceful place to be, and I can understand why people would want to come here," he said. "It’s a fascinating thing to behold, and I think it’s brought a bit of color to the countryside." However, Arden's love for the crop circle will be short-lived. He plans to harvest his grain soon and is aware that he may be losing the unique tourist attraction in the process. Despite this, the farmer is still grateful for the unexpected publicity that he has received for his farm. He admitted that he was pleasantly surprised that people had taken an interest in his small rural business. "I never thought I’d become famous for my wheat, but here we are," he joked. The crop circle has attracted visitors from all over the country, with many sharing their experiences on social media. The phenomenon has also sparked the interest of the scientific community, with some researchers hoping to study the formation in more detail. Whether you believe that crop circles are created by extraterrestrial beings or creative hoaxes, it’s hard to deny the allure of their mystery. For Henry Arden, the experience has been a rollercoaster of emotions, going from angry at the destruction of his crops to embracing the tranquil beauty of the circle. As for the future of the crop circle, only time will tell. But for now, visitors continue to flock to the area, seeking to experience the awe-inspiring spectacle for themselves.