article: By . Zoe Szathmary . A pilot was killed during a Long Island plane crash that nearly took the lives of woman and her baby. The crash took place at 9:20am in East Patchogue on Camille Lane, FAA officials said. The woman's husband, Marcus Wilson, told radio station 1010WINS that his wife rushed to save their baby after the plane crashed into the family's yard. 'She was in the shower, and all she heard was something [...] something coming around,' he said. 'And she looked out the window, she ran in the back, got the baby and then it started exploding.' Fire: The woman rushed to save her baby before the plane, whose flames are seen here, 'exploded' Smok: Gray smoke can be seen in the sky following the plane's crash onto the Wilson family's yard . 'Yes, everybody's happy to be alive,' he also said. 1010WINS reported both the Wilsons' pool and the plane were totaled. Suffolk County authorities said in a statement the pilot's name has been 'withheld pending notification of next of kin.' FAA officials have said that the pilot was the only person on the plane. The Columbia Lancair LC-41 plane took off from Republic Airport in Farmingdale, FAA officials said, and was traveling toward MacArthurt Airport in Islip when the plane crashed. Lone casualty: The pilot, whose name has not been released, was killed in the crash and the only person on the plane . Rush:  Marcus Wilson's wife rushed to save their baby before the crash. The crash site damage is seen here . Witness Tara Wildman described the crash to the New York Post. 'I heard a very low flying plane. You could really hear the engine,' she told the paper. 'Then I heard an explosion. I ran out and saw the the huge mushroom cloud.' 'That pilot was a hero in my book,' Wildman added. 'He avoided two houses and an oil tank and landed on an inflatable pool in the back yard.' The National Transportation Safety Board announced on Twitter that it is investigating the incident.
highlights: A pilot was killed during a Long Island plane crash that nearly killed a woman and her baby . The crash took place at 9:20am in East Patchogue . The woman's husband Marcus Wilson said his wife was showering when the plane crashed into the family's yard .
id: 8f3f04d0cfdbe53483693c81fa16d85268867bd7
chatgpt: A tragic plane crash that took place in East Patchogue, Long Island, claimed the life of a pilot on Thursday morning. The crash, which occurred at approximately 9:20am, almost killed a woman and her baby, who were in their yard when the plane went down. Marcus Wilson, the woman's husband, recounted the harrowing events that led up to the crash. According to Wilson, his wife was in the shower when she heard a loud noise outside. Thinking it was a car crash, she quickly got out of the shower to see what was happening. As she looked out the window, she saw a plane hurtling towards their home. In a split second, the plane smashed into the Wilson's yard, narrowly missing the woman and her baby. However, the pilot, who has not yet been identified, was killed in the crash. Emergency services responded to the scene within minutes of the incident, but unfortunately, it was too late to save the pilot's life. Police investigators are currently examining the scene in an attempt to determine what caused the crash. The Wilson family is reportedly reeling from shock and trying to come to terms with the traumatic incident. In an interview with local news, Marcus Wilson expressed his gratitude that his wife and child were unharmed, but also expressed his condolences to the pilot's family. The crash serves as a stark reminder of the dangers that can arise when flying, and the devastating impact that such incidents can have on families and communities. Our thoughts are with the victim's loved ones, as well as the Wilson family, as they navigate this difficult time. Authorities have urged witnesses to come forward with any information that may help in the investigation.