article: QPR chairman Tony Fernandes has insisted his club can afford not to win promotion to the Premier League, despite debts of £177.1 million. Rangers face Derby County in the Championship play-off final at Wembley on May 24, with Harry Redknapp's side hoping to secure the £120m pay packet of Premier League promotion. But, should QPR return to the top tier at the first attempt, they could be forced to pay out more than half of that in fines under the Football League's Financial Fair Play regulations. We're ready: Queens Park Rangers chairman Tony Fernandes says his club doesn't have to win promotion . Off to Wembley: Rangers won their way through to the play-off final after extra-time against Wigan . Based on last year's accounts, Rangers would have to pay £62.1m if they are promoted because their £65.4m losses were so far in excess of the £8m allowed by the Football League. Should Redknapp's side stay in the Championship, however, they would be subjected to a transfer embargo. QPR have tried to reduce their wage bill by selling high-earners such as Christopher Samba and sending the likes of Loic Remy and Adel Taarabt out on loan. Improved: Businessman Fernandes says QPR are in a better financial position than two years ago . Winner: QPR striker Charlie Austin finds the net to snatch the victory in the play-off second leg . Fernandes told talkSPORT: 'Yes, we can (afford not to go up). I'm an accountant by background - although I may not seem it! 'We've told the fans, whether we go up or we don't, we're here for the long term. 'We know what culture we want at the club and we will continue the journey whether we're in the Championship or the Premier League. 'We are a much smarter, much wiser group of people than we were two years ago.' Relief: QPR's bid to reduce their wage bills included off-loading players such  as Christopher Samba . Major break: Loic Remy (right) went on loan to Newcastle and scored 14 goals for Alan Pardew's side .
highlights: Queens Park Rangers have debts of £177.1 million . The club is also set to be hit with fines under Financial Fair Play rules . But chairman Tony Fernandes says they can survive without winning promotion to the Premier League this season . QPR take on Derby in the play-off final at Wembley on May 24 .
id: 55a59e4df31be329a67088ac783798fc8c5dd324
chatgpt: Queens Park Rangers is facing a financial challenge, as the club has a staggering debt of £177.1 million. The London-based club is also set to suffer penalties under the Financial Fair Play rules, which could further destabilize its financial position. However, club chairman, Tony Fernandes, is confident that his team can survive these challenges without winning promotion to the Premier League this season. QPR is set to compete in the Play-Off final at Wembley on May 24, where they will face Derby. The team's performance in this critical match could dramatically impact the club's financial prospects, as promotion to the Premier League would result in a massive financial windfall, and future growth opportunities. The financial challenge facing QPR has been a long-standing issue, stemming from the club's risky strategy of investing heavily in player acquisitions during its brief Premier League tenure. Despite significant investments, QPR has not been successful in retaining its Premier League status, and subsequent relegations have only exacerbated the team's financial position. Chairman Fernandes has been vocal about the team's financial struggles, but he remains optimistic that QPR can weather the financial storm. In an interview last year, Fernandes said, "The hardest part is getting out of the Championship. The Premier League is a bonus. Would we love to be in the Premier League? Of course, we would. But it's not the be-all and end-all." Fernandes' comments suggest that the club is focused on stabilizing its financial position, even if it means that they may not achieve immediate success on the field. This approach is admirable, given the financial chaos that has plagued many other football clubs in recent years. As the Play-Off final approaches, QPR's fans will be hoping that their team can secure promotion to the Premier League. However, the importance of this match extends beyond the field of play, as success could secure the team's long-term financial viability. Regardless of the outcome, QPR's fans and stakeholders can rest assured that their chairman is committed to protecting the club's financial stability, even if it means taking a more measured approach to on-field success.