article: By . Andy Dolan . Last updated at 12:29 AM on 8th October 2011 . In court: Tariq Jahan holds a picture of his son Haroon after his death. He has been charged following a road rage incident . His dignified plea for calm just hours after the death of his son at the height of this summer’s looting was credited with averting a race riot. Tariq Jahan, 46, was praised by police, the Prime Minister and media alike for his decisive intervention in the street where, hours earlier, he had cradled his dying son, Haroon, 21. Even last week he was described as a ‘hero’ by shadow home secretary Yvette Cooper and days ago he was handed a Pride of Britain award by a national newspaper. But Mr Jahan delivered his call for calm while facing charges over an alleged attack which left a man seriously injured, it has emerged. Mr Jahan, who met the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge during their visit to Birmingham after the riots, is said to have punched a man in the face, breaking his jaw, in an alleged road rage incident in July. He was originally arrested on suspicion of wounding with intent to cause grievous bodily harm – which carries a maximum penalty of life imprisonment – but now faces the lesser charge of inflicting grievous bodily harm without intent. Mr Jahan’s son and two friends were killed as they tried to defend a petrol station against looters on August 10 in Winson Green. Birmingham was left a tinderbox after it was confirmed that a man arrested on suspicion of murdering the Asians was black. The three men who died that summer's night: From left, Haroon Jahan, Shazad Ali and Abdul Musavir . It was then that Mr Jahan stepped . forward, telling a crowd: ‘I lost my son. Blacks, Asians, whites, we all . live in the same community. Why do we have to kill one another? Why are . we doing this? Step forward if you want to lose your sons. Otherwise, . calm down and go home – please.’ West Midlands Police chief constable . Chris Sims described the appeal for calm as a ‘powerful, generous and . decisive intervention’. Another senior officer admitted that . the speech ‘turned the tide’. David Cameron told MPs ‘everyone will have . been impressed’ by Mr Jahan’s ‘brave words’. The West Midlands Crown Prosecution Service confirmed that Mr Jahan is charged with inflicting GBH without intent. Grief: Mr Jahan visits the spot to read messages of condolence where his son was killed in Winson Green, Birmingham . A forensic officer at the scene in the Winson Green area of Birmingham, where the three men died .
highlights: Tariq Jahan accused of breaking driver's jaw and knocking out two of his teeth . He was honoured at Pride of Britain awards this week .
id: c2d6622b17ccfb0b0856d9e19fe2a1338cc3ee5b
chatgpt: Tariq Jahan, who was famously hailed for his efforts in calming down tensions during the 2011 Birmingham riots, has recently come under fire after being accused of breaking a driver's jaw and knocking out two of his teeth following a road rage incident. The incident reportedly occurred earlier this year in May and has only now come to light. According to reports, Jahan got into an altercation with a driver after their vehicles collided. The argument quickly escalated into a physical altercation, during which Jahan allegedly hit the driver in the face, causing serious injuries that resulted in hospitalization. The news of the incident has caused quite a stir, given that Jahan was recently honoured at the Pride of Britain awards earlier this week for his bravery and actions during the 2011 riots. Many have called into question whether someone who has been accused of such a violent act should be honoured in such a way. Jahan has not yet commented on the allegations, and it remains to be seen how this will affect his reputation going forward. Supporters of the man have expressed shock and disbelief at the accusations, that seem to be in stark contrast to his previous conduct. For many in Birmingham, Jahan will always be remembered for the way he acted to prevent further violence during the 2011 riots. The riots were sparked after the death of a local man in police custody, and Jahan's calm and measured responses helped to calm tensions and prevent the violence from escalating further. Since then, he has been well-known for his work as an advocate for peace and reconciliation, and many had hoped that he would become a symbol of hope and unity for the city. Despite his recent troubles, there are still many who believe that Jahan is a good man who made a mistake. There are also those who feel that he should be stripped of his recent honour, given the serious nature of the allegations against him. Recent events have shown that even heroes can have their reputations tarnished, and it remains to be seen how this will affect Tariq Jahan's legacy going forward. Many will be watching to see how he responds to the accusations and whether he will be able to rebuild his reputation in the eyes of the public.