article: By . Jimmy Mccloskey . PUBLISHED: . 10:38 EST, 6 December 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 11:49 EST, 6 December 2012 . A bargain hunter who picked up an ultra-rare piece of pottery for just £2 at a car boot sale was stunned to see it go under the hammer for almost £5,000. David Lambert paid for the unusual blue Royal Doulton figurine they spotted at a car boot sale in Stockport with a £2 coin. But Mr Lambert and his wife Helen, who are both fans of the brand, were puzzled after they were unable to find any information on it in their Royal Doulton books. The Lamberts paid just £2 for a rare Royal Doulton 'Spook' ornament was produced in 1922 . This figurine is thought to have a one-off prototype glaze, which helped boost its value further . The base reveals the Royal Doulton stamp and gives an idea of just how old the ornament is . They took it to valuers from BBC's Flog It programme, and were thrilled to discover they had bought a 1922 'Spook' figure believed to be worth around £300. The excited couple, from Colne, Lancashire put the figurine up to auction and were shocked when bids reached almost £5,000. Auctioneer, John Cook, who sold the ornament at Gerrard’s Auctions, Lytham St Anne's was surprised to see its blue colour and believes it is a prototype glaze. He thinks the figure could be the only one in this colour and this is why the hammer fell much higher than expected. David and Helen Lambert beam with a photo of the car boot sale find which netted them £5,000 . The lucky couple from Colne, Lancashire, head to car boot sales in search of a bargain most weekends but have decided to save the cash they raised from selling the ornament. Helen said: 'When David first came home with the piece I really didn’t like it. 'The auction was just unbelievable and I was shocked at the starting price let alone what it actually sold for. 'After the sale I rang David to tell him what had happened. He couldn’t believe it and I was shaking when I was telling him so I had to get the lady from the auction room to confirm the news for him. 'I think this sort of thing is a only once in a lifetime thing to happen to people and we don’t expect it to happen again.' The Lamberts are loyal Royal Doulton collectors - but could find no trace of the Spook in their catalogues .
highlights: David Lambert bought 1922 Spook figure for just £2 at boot sale . Later told it was worth around £300 . But ultra-rare prototype blue glaze pushed bids to almost £5,000 at auction .
id: 01479cd543d0d19663e15e07bb8edbe2a5bbdf52
chatgpt: David Lambert, a collector from Kent, made an incredible find at a local boot sale. He spotted a vintage Spook figure from 1922 and purchased it for only £2. However, he was unaware of the item's true value until later when he was informed that it was worth around £300. The Spook figure is a popular collector's item and is known for its unique design. It was produced in the early 1900s by the German company Gebruder Heubach. The Spook figure is a type of doll that features an open mouth and raised eyebrows, giving it a spooky appearance.  David Lambert was delighted with his purchase and was content with the knowledge that he had picked up a valuable collectible for a bargain price. However, he was in for a surprise when he decided to auction the item. The Spook figure received a great deal of interest, largely due to the rare blue glaze prototype that David was unaware of.  The prototype turns out to be a highly sought-after variation of the Spook figure. As the auction progressed, interest in the Spook figure only increased. Bids started at a few hundred pounds, but as collectors realized the rarity of the blue glaze prototype, the price quickly escalated.  To the amazement of many, the final bid for the Spook figure reached almost £5,000 - a staggering 16 times the original estimate. David Lambert could not believe his eyes as he watched the prices skyrocket. Ultimately, the Spook figure had become a highly prized treasure for collectors of unusual and unique collectibles. David Lambert’s experience at the boot sale shows that valuable collectibles can be found where you least expect them. The Spook figure he purchased for only £2 turned out to be a prize winning collectible that he was able to sell for an unexpected amount.  This story also highlights the importance of research when it comes to collecting antiques and vintage items. Although David was unaware of the full value of the Spook figure when he originally purchased it, he was determined to learn as much as possible about its history and value, which ultimately paid off in a big way. This is a lesson for all collectors, antique and vintage enthusiasts alike - research your finds! You never know what you might discover, and like David Lambert, you could be holding a treasure right in your hands without even knowing it.