article: Former Manchester United right-back Gary Neville is 'concerned' Louis van Gaal's stuttering side will fall behind Liverpool in the race for Champions League qualification. The race for a top four finish in the Premier League is extremely tight as only four points separate Arsenal in third and Tottenham placed in seventh. Liverpool have been in fine form recently and haven't lost in the Premier League since a 3-0 defeat at Old Trafford on December 14, whereas Manchester United lost 2-1 at Swansea on Saturday. Louis van Gaal (centre) is furious on the Manchester United bench during the 2-1 defeat at Swansea . Raheem Sterling celebrates scoring the second goal in Liverpool's wins at Southampton at the weekend . 'I still think United will get into the top four but I am more concerned than I was a few weeks ago, particularly with Liverpool as they've come into a run of form where they are keeping clean sheets, they are playing a lot better,' Neville told talkSPORT. 'I wasn't as concerned three or four weeks ago as they were around eight points behind and I thought with the Europa League commitments that would be too much for them. Now Liverpool are within a short distance of United I am concerned.' Fellow Sky pundit and Liverpool legend Jamie Carragher now backs Brendan Rodgers' side to reach the prestigious top four: . Manchester United players can't hide their frustration having conceded twice at Swansea on Saturday . Philippe Coutinho's screamer put Liverpool on the way to a vital 2-0 win against Southampton . 'I said for the last few weeks I didn't think Liverpool would get top four because of FA Cup and Europe commitments,' said Carragher. 'I did also say I thought United would reach the top four but I don't know if their bad form people are talking about is just how United play at the moment under Louis van Gaal.' Carragher added: 'They've been on a great run but the fact that Liverpool have been coming into great form, a lot will be decided on the game at Anfield (March 22) and I'd have to fancy Liverpool on current form. Whether the accumulation of games will be a factor for Liverpool who knows.' Ki Sung-yueng (centre) slots the ball past David De Gea to equalise for the home side during their 2-1 win .
highlights: Louis van Gaal's side have been consistent but are fourth in the league . Liverpool are two points behind Manchester United in sixth place . Brendan Rodgers' side last lost a league match on December 14 at United . Four points separate five teams vying for Champions League places .
id: 24ceadf9da6996bed7b982897915d786e49893a0
chatgpt: English Premier League fans are in for a thrilling end to the season as the race for the Champions League qualification heats up. With only four points separating the top five teams vying for a place in Europe's elite club competition, every game from now on counts. Manchester United, managed by Louis van Gaal, are currently in fourth place and seem to have maintained their consistency over the season. However, Liverpool, just two points behind the Red Devils in sixth place, are breathing down their necks. Jurgen Klopp's side have been in blistering form since mid-December, racking up an impressive nine wins and six draws in the league. Their last defeat came on December 14, when they lost to United at Old Trafford. Since then, Liverpool have been on a roll, and they will be hoping to maintain their momentum in the remaining games. Brendan Rodgers' Liverpool had a topsy-turvy start to the season, which led to the former manager losing his job. However, Klopp's arrival has brought about a significant improvement in the team's fortunes. The German tactician has instilled a high-pressing, fast-paced brand of football that has left many opponents struggling to keep pace. Along with Liverpool, Tottenham Hotspur and Southampton are also in contention for the Champions League spots. Both teams are level on points, with Spurs ahead on goal difference. Mauricio Pochettino's Spurs have been in good form throughout the season, and they will fancy their chances of securing a top-four finish. Meanwhile, Ronald Koeman's Southampton have been the surprise package of the season, and their impressive performances have earned them plenty of plaudits. The Saints have been solid at the back, with their defence conceding only 22 goals in 30 games. Arsenal, who seem to be perennial contenders for the top four, are also in the mix. The Gunners are only a point behind United in fifth place, and Arsene Wenger will be hoping that his team can finish strongly. With only eight games left in the season, every point counts. The battle for Champions League qualification promises to be an enthralling one, with twists and turns expected along the way. Will United hold on to fourth place? Or will Liverpool continue their surge up the table? Can Tottenham or Southampton gatecrash the party? The coming weeks will reveal all.