article: Beijing, China (CNN) -- A Chinese artist and activist said Saturday that he has been placed under house arrest for planning a demolition party to "observe" a government order to raze his studio. Ai Weiwei said he had planned a concert and a river crab feast at the party in Shanghai on Sunday. About 800 people were expected to attend, he said. The term river crab is believed to make a political statement. The Mandarin word for river crab sounds like "harmonious," a word some use to describe government censorship. Ai Weiwei opens London installation "Sunflower Seeds" Ai said he was put under house arrest until Sunday to prevent him from attending the party. "Just recently I heard the new studio I built in Shanghai studio will be demolished all because of my activities," Ai said. "So what is my activity? My activity is very very simple, asking basic right for people to freely express themselves and also to find a new structure, a new way of communicating. Because I'm an artist this is what I do and I believe in that." Ai said he was not allowed to leave his house, which was guarded by police. "Please accept my deepest apologies," he tweeted to his guests in Shanghai. Ai said he chose to "celebrate our life" since the studio was going to be razed anyway. He has accused the Chinese government of trying to silence dissidents before. "They crack down on everybody who has different opinions -- not even different opinions, just different attitudes," he told CNN earlier this year. "Simply to have different opinions can cost [dissidents] their life; they can be put in jail, can be silenced, and can disappear." The artist helped design the iconic Bird's Nest stadium for the 2008 Beijing Olympics, but later called for a boycott of the games because he believed China was using them as propaganda. He has also held exhibits in Europe and the United States, and his work is on display at the Tate Modern gallery's Turbine Hall in London, England.
highlights: Ai Weiwei says he had planned a party to "observe" a government order to raze his studio . Ai says he was not allowed to leave his house . His house is guarded by police, he says .
id: be7a023866770a95d1d08cd22f6e42fb59b45f88
chatgpt: Renowned artist and activist Ai Weiwei claimed on Friday that he had planned a party to "observe" a government order to demolish his studio, but he was not allowed to leave his home. Ai, who is known for his provocative artwork and outspoken commentary on human rights, has been locked in a battle with Chinese authorities for years over his work and activism. According to Ai, his studio in the Chaoyang district of Beijing had been ordered to be demolished by the authorities, citing unclear legal grounds. The artist claims that the order was retribution for his activism, and that local officials had been trying to force him to leave the premises for years. Ai said he had planned to hold a party at the studio on Friday to mark the occasion, but was barred from leaving his home by authorities. He also claimed that his home is being guarded by police officers, and that he is not allowed to receive visitors or make phone calls. The incident has sparked widespread concern among Ai's supporters, who have spoken out against the Chinese government's treatment of the artist. Many social media users have voiced their support for Ai, with some calling for a boycott of Chinese goods and services. Ai, who is known for his art installations, sculptures, and paintings, has long been a thorn in the side of the Chinese government. He has been arrested and detained by authorities in the past, and has been subject to constant surveillance and harassment. The artist has also been a vocal critic of the Chinese government's handling of the Covid-19 outbreak, accusing officials of covering up the true extent of the pandemic and failing to provide adequate care to those affected. Despite the challenges he faces, Ai remains committed to his work and his activism. In a statement released on Friday, he vowed to continue fighting for freedom of expression and human rights in China and beyond. "I will not be silenced or intimidated by the Chinese government," Ai said. "I will continue to create art that challenges the status quo and speaks truth to power."