article: Jack Wilshere missed Arsenal's pre-Monaco training session on Tuesday morning as he continues his recovery from an ankle injury. The England midfielder was absent from first-team training, but is understood to have worked in the gym. Manager Arsene Wenger, however, insisted that Wilshere has not suffered an setback from the injury that kept him out for four months. Chile forward Alexis Sanchez gets on the ball in training as Arsenal prepare to face Monaco on Wednesday . Theo Walcott gestures during Arsenal's final session before returning to Champions League action . Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain (left) and Danny Welbeck are all smiles as they walk in to training . France international defender Laurent Koscielny chats with his compatriot and manager Arsene Wenger . Santi Cazorla (third left) has been in fine form for Arsenal during their recent strong domestic run . January signing Gabriel chases after the ball as Wenger's men get put through their paces . German World Cup-winning defender Per Mertesacker (front) stares down the camera during the warm-up . Young Polish midfielder Krystian Bielik gets to grips with Chilean forward Alexis Sanchez in training . Wenger said: 'Wilshere missed training but it was just a precaution. 'He trained hard to come back from injury, and we rested him - but no way is it a setback. He's not involved tomorrow [Wednesday] but will certainly be available for the weekend.' Wilshere made his return to the bench at the win at Crystal Palace on Saturday, but remained an unused substitute. One player who did train with the first-team, however, was 17-year-old midfielder Krystian Bielik - a January arrival from Legia Warsaw. Jack Wilshere warms up on the Selhurst Park pitch after he was named on Arsenal's bench to face Palace . Meanwhile, Wenger wants his Arsenal team to embrace the pressure of going into the clash as favourites. The Gunners have faced European giants Bayern Munich (twice), Barcelona and AC Milan in the last-16 stage in the last four years and crashed out on every occasion. However, the Gunners will head into the Monaco tie as favourites to qualify for the quarter-finals and Wenger says his side are ready to cope with the expectation. Sanchez (left) has been Arsenal's main man so far this season and will be vital on Wednesday . England international forward Danny Welbeck will be hoping to start to the first leg against Monaco . Arsene Wenger looks in pensieve mood as his players have a kickaround behind him .
highlights: Arsenal take on Monaco in the Champions League last-16 . First leg against the French side is at the Emirates on Wednesday night . Gunners manager Arsene Wenger is taking on his former club . Jack Wilshere will not play and did not train with the first-team . Wenger insists Wilshere has not suffered a setback in his injury recovery .
id: 747003dd187368fecb8936d7270165e2cf13f21c
chatgpt: Arsenal are set to take on Monaco in their first match of the Champions League last-16 at the Emirates Stadium on Wednesday night. The Gunners will be facing their toughest test yet this season as they come up against their former manager and French side Monaco. The match is set to be a major test for Arsenal, as they come up against a team that has been in impressive form in the Champions League so far this season. Monaco have only lost once in the tournament and are currently second in their group behind Atletico Madrid. Despite Monaco's impressive record in Europe, Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger believes his side can win. Wenger will be taking on his former club, having previously managed Monaco from 1987 to 1994. Wenger is confident that his team can come out on top in what is set to be a closely contested match. However, the Gunners will have to do it without midfielder Jack Wilshere. The England international did not train with the first-team ahead of the match, but Wenger insists that Wilshere has not suffered a setback in his injury recovery. Wilshere has struggled with injuries throughout his career and has only recently returned to action after a spell on the sidelines. The midfielder played in Arsenal's 2-1 win over Leicester City on Sunday, but it seems he is not yet ready to play in a high-pressure Champions League match. Despite Wilshere's absence, Arsenal will be looking to their other midfielders, such as Aaron Ramsey and Santi Cazorla, to help them get a positive result at home. The Gunners will also be hoping that their forward line of Alexis Sanchez, Olivier Giroud, and Danny Welbeck can cause problems for the Monaco defense. Monaco, however, will pose a major threat to Arsenal. The French side have a number of talented players, including Colombian striker Radamel Falcao, who is on loan from Manchester United. Falcao has scored four goals in the Champions League so far this season and will be hoping to continue his impressive form against Arsenal. The match is set to be a fascinating contest between two top sides, and the outcome could have a major impact on the rest of the competition. If Arsenal can get a positive result at home, they will be in a good position to progress to the quarter-finals of the Champions League. However, if Monaco can get an away goal or even a win, they will have a major advantage going into the second leg of the tie. This makes Wednesday night's clash an important game for both sides, and it will be interesting to see which team comes out on top.