article: Katie Webb was found hanged in her bedroom on April 24 this year . A 12-year-old girl was found hanged in her bedroom after she had argued with her mother about being untidy, an inquest has heard. Katie Webb was found unconscious in her bedroom on April 24, this year. Her devastated father Daniel, 34, told an inquest he had a row with Katie two days before she died but put her mood 'down to hormones'. Her mother Anne, 32, also told the hearing she had 'argued' with Katie on the day of her death about her messy bedroom at the family home in Evesham, Worcestershire. Speaking at the hearing at Stourport Coroner’s Court on Monday, Mr Webb said: 'It was mine and Katie’s very first spat. I put it down to hormones.' Two days later he heard a loud scream from his wife Anne who had discovered their daughter hanged in her bedroom. Mr Webb rushed to the room where he tried to give his daughter CPR before paramedics arrived. He told the inquest: 'I went straight to where the screaming was coming from to see Anne holding Katie and screaming "help me, help me, help me". 'Then this really nice man pulled me out of the way and said "You’ve done enough, let someone who knows what they’re doing try". I just broke down.' Katie was airlifted to Birmingham Children’s Hospital but could not be saved. The inquest heard Worcestershire County Council’s social services division had placed Katie under a Child Protection Plan in 2010 following concerns around neglect. This was downgraded to a Child in Need Plan in May 2012 after the family made good progress and was even removed entirely in September that year. But the plan was reactivated in March this year after social workers found a diary Katie has been asked to complete which contained an entry saying: 'If I don’t do my chores I will get a whack.' Her parents denied it was true and Katie later told a social services worker it had never happened. Katie had been a pupil at Simon de Montfort School, Evesham. Geraint William, the Senior Coroner for Worcestershire, concluded there was no evidence Katie had been bullied either at school or online . The inquest heard Worcestershire County Council’s social services division closed their case on Katie on April 23 - just one day before she died. Geraint William, the Senior Coroner for Worcestershire, concluded there was no evidence Katie had been bullied either at school or online. He recorded an open verdict saying he didn’t feel he had enough evidence to confidently record a verdict of suicide or accidental death. Addressing Katie’s parents, Mr Williams said: 'There’s absolutely nothing I can say that makes this look better. 'This will never, ever go away for you but it will get easier to live with and frankly that’s all you can hope for.' For confidential support contact Samaritans on 08457 90 90 90 or click here.
highlights: Katie Webb found hanged in her bedroom on April 24, this year . Her father told inquest he had a row with her two days earlier . Her mother also said she had 'argued' with Katie on the day of her death . Geraint William, Senior Coroner for Worcestershire, records open verdict .
id: 9c50382c07acdbebc7a5b9a9f43c28e7b04f9b25
chatgpt: On April 24th of this year, Katie Webb was found hanged in her bedroom. The tragic incident left her family and friends in shock and heartbroken. During the inquest into her death, Katie's father stated that he had had an argument with his daughter just two days before she passed away. He claimed that the argument was over something trivial, but that he had raised his voice and Katie had become upset. Despite this, he had not anticipated that she would take such extreme measures. Katie's mother also revealed that she had "argued" with her daughter on the day of her death. The details of this argument have not been disclosed, but the fact that Katie was embroiled in disputes with both of her parents so close to her death is undoubtedly a cause for concern. Geraint William, the Senior Coroner for Worcestershire, presided over the inquest and recorded an open verdict. He stated that he could not determine whether Katie's death was an intentional act or the result of a tragic accident. The open verdict means that the cause of death is undetermined and the case will remain open. In the wake of Katie's death, her family and friends have been left with many questions and a great deal of heartache. They cannot understand why Katie would take such drastic action, and they are struggling to come to terms with the loss of someone so young and full of potential. Katie had been a bright student, with a promising future ahead of her. She had a passion for music and was considered a gifted musician. She was also known for her kind heart and her willingness to help those in need. The circumstances surrounding Katie's death have left many searching for answers. Could there have been underlying issues that Katie was struggling with? Were there warning signs that those around her may have missed? These are questions that need to be answered in order to prevent a tragedy like this from happening again. In the meantime, Katie's family and friends are left to grieve their loss and remember the wonderful person that she was. They are urging others to seek help if they are struggling with their mental health, and to never be afraid to reach out for support. Katie's tragic death serves as a reminder that mental health should never be taken lightly. It is important that we all take the time to check in on our loved ones and offer support and encouragement when they need it. Only by working together can we hope to prevent another senseless loss like this one.