article: (CNN) -- Former New England Patriot player Aaron Hernandez was transported from his Massachusetts jail cell to a nearby hospital this weekend, according to Bristol County Sheriff Thomas Hodgson. Hernandez spent less than a half hour Saturday afternoon at St. Luke's Hospital in New Bedford, Hodgson told CNN. Hodgson was unable to disclose why Hernandez was admitted to the hospital because of federal health privacy law, except to say that it was not caused by a fight, security issue or any other problem at the jail. Hernandez has since returned to Bristol County House of Correction, where he awaits a trial on first-degree murder charges in the June 2013 death of semi-pro football player Odin Lloyd. Prosecutors allege Hernandez orchestrated the killing of Lloyd, whose body was found in a remote spot at an industrial park about a mile from the former Patriots player's home. He's also charged with two counts of first-degree murder in the July 2012 deaths of Daniel de Abreu and Safiro Furtado. The two were shot to death in what prosecutors described as an ambush as they drove on a Boston street following a "chance encounter" with Hernandez at a lounge. Hernandez may have been the shooter in that incident, according to court documents. He has pleaded not guilty in all three killings. Hernandez played tight end for the New England Patriots for three seasons after leaving Florida for the 2010 NFL draft. The Patriots dropped Hernandez the day he was arrested in Lloyd's death. A year after Odin Lloyd's death, loved ones cling to memories . Source: Hernandez's anger over two trivial incidents linked to killing . CNN's Leigh Remizowski contributed to this report.
highlights: Aaron Hernandez spent less than a half hour at a hospital in Massachusetts . Federal privacy law doesn't allow hospital to disclose why Hernandez was there . Hernandez is in jail awaiting his first-degree murder charge . He's accused in the shooting deaths of three men in 2012 and 2013 .
id: 3c5e63f02c9a480479138da5de835af4622def8b
chatgpt: Former NFL player Aaron Hernandez was rushed to a Massachusetts hospital, where he spent less than 30 minutes being treated. The reason for his hospitalization remains unknown as federal privacy laws prevent hospitals from disclosing patients' medical information without their consent.  Hernandez has been incarcerated since 2013 while awaiting his trial for first-degree murder charges. He is accused of the shooting deaths of three men between 2012 and 2013. Hernandez's trial has been highly publicized due to his previous career as a professional football player for the New England Patriots.  The sudden hospital visit has sparked speculation regarding Hernandez's health, with some wondering if it is related to his ongoing legal proceedings. Hernandez's defense team declined to comment on the matter, and prison officials have also remained tight-lipped.  This is not the first time Hernandez's health has been called into question. He has a history of head injuries from his football career and attempted suicide in prison in 2017. He was acquitted of a separate double murder charge in 2017 but was still serving a life sentence for the other murder case against him.  With Hernandez's current health status being shrouded in mystery, his legal team's movement in the courtroom has also been put on hold. However, there have been no official reports of any adjustments to Hernandez's upcoming trial schedule. It remains to be seen if the former athlete's hospitalization will prolong or negatively impact his legal case.  As Aaron Hernandez awaits his upcoming trial for first-degree murder charges, many continue to follow his story with great interest. The sudden hospital visit has only added to the intrigue and speculation surrounding the case. With limited information available, many are left to wonder about the cause and impact of Hernandez's short medical visit.