article: WASHINGTON (CNN) -- CIA interrogators used waterboarding at least 266 times on two top al Qaeda suspects, according to a Bush-era Justice Department memo released by the Obama administration. Khalid Sheikh Mohammed, seen in a December sketch, was waterboarded 183 times in a month, a memo says. The controversial technique that simulates drowning -- and which President Obama calls torture -- was used at least 83 times in August 2002 on suspected al Qaeda leader Abu Zubaydah, according to the memo. Interrogators also waterboarded Khalid Sheikh Mohammed 183 times in March 2003. Mohammed is believed to be the mastermind behind the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks on the United States. Obama released the memo Thursday, saying that "exceptional circumstances surround these memos and require their release."  Watch other tactics outlined in memos » . The memo, dated May 30, 2005, was from then-Deputy Assistant Attorney General Steven G. Bradbury to John Rizzo, who was acting general counsel for the CIA. It paints a different picture from the one described by former CIA officer John Kiriakou. In a December 2007 interview with CNN, Kiriakou said Zubaydah had been waterboarded for "about 30 seconds, 35 seconds" and agreed to cooperate with interrogators the following day. In an interview on "Fox News Sunday," Michael Hayden, who directed the CIA from 2006 to 2009, was asked about the number of times Mohammed was waterboarded. Hayden denounced the release of the memos and did not comment on the number, saying it was his understanding that the frequency of waterboarding was among the operational details that had not been declassified.  Watch one expert say tactics 'worse than Abu Ghraib' » . The 2005 memo refers to a letter that had contained the numbers as well. Part of the reference to the letter was redacted in the released memo. Waterboarding is among the interrogation tactics that Obama has prohibited through an executive order. The CIA also has admitted waterboarding Abd al-Rahim al-Nashiri, the first person charged in the United States for the 2000 attack on the USS Cole in Yemen that killed 17 U.S. sailors. Obama said last week he felt comfortable releasing the classified memos because the Bush administration acknowledged using some of the practices associated with the memos, and the interrogation techniques were widely reported and have since been banned. "Withholding these memos would only serve to deny facts that have been in the public domain for some time," Obama said in a statement. "This could contribute to an inaccurate accounting of the past, and fuel erroneous and inflammatory assumptions about actions taken by the United States." The president applauded the work of the U.S. intelligence community and said no one who "carried out their duties relying in good faith upon legal advice from the Department of Justice" would be prosecuted.
highlights: Memo: Khalid Sheikh Mohammed waterboarded 183 times in one month . Former CIA officer said in 2007 that Mohammed waterboarded for 30-35 seconds . Obama: Memos released because methods were reported, are now banned . CIA's ex-chief denounces decision to release memos .
id: 8d4b5c62f1955859b6c6b27fea250fe59775e5f7
chatgpt: The release of memos detailing the torture methods used by the CIA in their interrogation of terrorism suspects has caused controversy around the world. One particular memo stood out, revealing that Khalid Sheikh Mohammed was waterboarded 183 times in just one month. According to the memo, which was dated 30 July 2004, the waterboarding of Khalid Sheikh Mohammed began on May 14, 2003 and continued for "a period of 28 sessions". The memo also revealed that the sessions lasted anywhere from two to four hours, during which Mohammed was subjected to a total of 183 instances of waterboarding. The memo detailing the extreme torture of Khalid Sheikh Mohammed was made public by the US Department of Justice on April 16, 2009, along with others that detailed the CIA's use of harsh interrogation techniques such as sleep deprivation, slamming detainees against walls, and confining them in small boxes for extended periods of time. A former CIA officer, John Kiriakou, revealed in 2007 that Mohammed had been waterboarded during his interrogation but only mentioned the technique being used "a handful of times". The revelation that Khalid Sheikh Mohammed had in fact been waterboarded 183 times in just one month has caused outrage and condemnation from human rights groups and politicians around the world. Former President Barack Obama, who banned torture methods in 2009, explained the decision to release the memos in a statement saying, "The United States is a nation of laws. My administration will always act in accordance with those laws and with an unshakeable commitment to our values. These memos provide detail on the use of interrogation techniques that any fair-minded person would believe are torture." The release of the memos was met with disapproval from some members of the intelligence community, including Michael Hayden, the former director of the Central Intelligence Agency. Hayden denounced the decision to release the memos, saying that it would make field agents reluctant to use the techniques necessary to get information from terrorists. However, supporters of the Obama administration's decision to release the memos argue that it was necessary to provide transparency and accountability for the actions of the CIA during the War on Terror. Jameel Jaffer, director of the National Security Project at the American Civil Liberties Union, said in a statement, "The Obama administration has taken a critical step towards transparency and accountability by releasing these memos. These documents provide further evidence that waterboarding was torture and that torture was official US policy." The revelation that Khalid Sheikh Mohammed was waterboarded 183 times in just one month has shone a harsh light on the torture methods used by the CIA during the War on Terror. However, the decision by the Obama administration to release the memos has also provided an opportunity for accountability and transparency in the actions of the United States government during this time.