article: PUBLISHED: . 11:23 EST, 11 July 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 11:23 EST, 11 July 2012 . A maid was stabbed to death with a meat skewer and another critically injured with a knife during a bloody fight in a laundry cupboard, police have revealed. The pair, both Ethiopian women in their 20s, clashed at their employer's villa in Bar Dubai yesterday morning. Police found them at 11am lying in a pool of their blood after breaking down the door, which had been locked from the outside. Violent affair: One maid died on the way to hospital and the other, who had been stabbed with a knife, is recovering in intensive care . One of the maids, identified only as HSS, died on the way to Rashid Hospital, according to The National. The condition of the other woman, known as FYA, is now starting to stabilise. 'She has been moved out of intensive-care unit, but is still in a . very bad psychological condition,' said Col Ali Ghanem, director of the . Bur Dubai Police station. Most households in Dubai employ foreign maids and some face difficult working conditions. The majority of large properties - particularly those of wealthy Western expats - are built with cramped living quarters for maids and the staff do their employers' washing, ironing, cleaning, babysitting and cooking. According to a survey conducted by the Saudi magazine Sayidaty at the end of last year, more than three million maids in the Arab world are living in deplorable conditions and even more incidents of verbal and physical abuse are reported. Crimes committed by housemaids in Dubai increased by nearly 17 per cent in 2011 and police believe this was mainly because of employers' cruelty as well as workers' ignorance of the region’s traditions. 'She tried to hurt herself and she was banging . her head in the wall. We are not sure of her mental condition, but we . are still waiting until she gets better to be able to question her.' Authorities still do not know what caused the fight between the two women, who worked in the same household along with 10 other maids, but police said there had been no previous fights between the two. 'Employers must be careful in selecting their housemaids,' said Dubai police commander Lieutenant General Dahi Tamim, according to Emirates 247. 'They should keep an eye on them for any abnormal behaviour to ensure they do not have any psychiatric problems.' Another police officer was quoted as saying it was an 'individual crime' which should not be 'generalised'. Major General Khamis Al Mazinah, Dubai’s deputy police commander, said: 'There could be an old dispute between the two… but it is unfortunate that such a violent and ugly crime takes place inside a house, whose owners are not used to this… . 'We are still questioning all other maids about the incident.'
highlights: Ethiopian pair found in pool of their own blood . Room had been locked from outside .
id: b154ee498ead45fb7b3707e27855e46ad5fbfd6a
chatgpt: A gruesome discovery was made in an Ethiopian hotel room early Tuesday morning. Two individuals were found lying in a pool of their own blood, both deceased. The room had been locked from the outside, pointing to a possible double homicide. The hotel staff made the discovery after guests reported a foul smell emanating from the room. Police were immediately called to the scene, and upon arriving, they found the room securely locked from the outside. Authorities confirm the victims were an Ethiopian couple, both in their late 20s. The police have not released the identities of the victims, and it is unclear whether they were guests at the hotel or resided in the surrounding area. The police have also not released any information on potential suspects, nor have they confirmed whether there was any forced entry into the room. Witnesses in the surrounding area reported hearing screams and shouting coming from the room late at night, but no one was able to pinpoint the exact source. Hotel staff have stated that they did not hear any disturbances from the room, and there were no signs of a struggle or forced entry when the room was initially checked. The hotel has been closed off to the public, and the police are conducting a thorough investigation to uncover any possible leads. The murders have sent shockwaves through the local community, with many expressing their concern and sadness at the tragedy. Local resident, Yonas Wondimu, expressed his disbelief at the heinous crime, "I never thought something like this could happen in our community. We are a family-oriented society, and it's heartbreaking to see lives taken in such a senseless way." The Ethiopian government has issued a statement, condemning the violent crime and assuring the public that the perpetrators will be brought to justice. The statement also urged any witnesses to come forward and provide any information that could aid in the investigation. The double homicide is the latest in a string of violent crimes that have occurred in the country over the past year. The government has been criticized for not doing enough to combat the rising crime rates, with many calling for increased security measures in public places. As the investigation continues, the local community is left to grapple with the senseless loss of life. The police have stated that they will do everything in their power to ensure justice is served, and the perpetrators are brought to justice for their heinous crimes. In the meantime, the hotel remains closed, and the community mourns the tragic loss of two young lives. The brutal double homicide serves as a stark reminder of the need for increased security measures and the importance of combating violent crime in all forms.