article: The French government has in the past repeatedly rejected demands to sell the Mona Lisa (pictured), but a parliamentary report has suggested it sell thousands of pieces of art to pay off national debt . Cash-strapped France could sell thousands of artworks to pay off its vast national debt, a parliamentary report has suggested. The radical plan to flog paintings and sculptures from the nation's prized collections was mooted by MPs studying ways help clear France's £150billion deficit. It comes after state-run news channel France 24 last year even suggested selling the Mona Lisa - the world's most famous painting which hangs in the Louvre museum in Paris. Now lawmakers have consulted Guillaume Cerutti, the head of Sotheby's auctioneers in France, for his opinion on the sale of publicly-owned art. He said France should move closer to a model used in the United States, where museums sometimes sell unseen parts of their collections to free up resources for the purchase of more relevant artworks. Cerutti told the BFM news channel: 'Action is needed to tackle the grotesque waste in national collections. In the Louvre alone, some 250,000 works are currently hidden away in overflow rooms. 'Museums should also be given the option of selling works that have been in public collections for at least 50 years.' It would not be the first time France has sold off treasures to prop up its finances. In 2013 the presidential Elysee Palace in Paris announced it was selling 1,000 bottles of fine wine to fund renovations. Last summer, France also said it was selling a luxury state-owned apartment on New York's 5th Avenue for around £40million. In December, the government faced accusations of treason when it announced plans to sell half of Toulouse's airport, the country's fourth largest and home of aircraft maker Airbus, to a Chinese-led consortium. The government has repeatedly rejected demands to sell Leonardo da Vinci's painting the Mona Lisa, which is often called 'priceless' but was valued at £60m in 1962 for insurance purposes. Tourists clamour to see and photograph the Mona Lisa at the Louvre museum in Paris . The Louvre (pictured) stores a vast amount of artwork and is the most visited art museum in the world .
highlights: French government is considering selling artworks to pay off its debt . A parliamentary report has suggesting flogging paintings and sculptures . Last year the state-run news channel suggested selling the Mona Lisa . The country has a huge number of publicly-owned pieces of art . Paris' Louvre museum alone has 250,000 works hidden in storage rooms .
id: 468827065ef8d0b45f788a987c574d048cb95b2e
chatgpt: The French government has been considering selling artworks in order to pay off its mounting debt. According to a new parliamentary report, auctioning off paintings and sculptures could help alleviate the country’s financial burden. Last year, even the Mona Lisa was suggested as a potential artifact to be sold. France is home to a vast collection of publicly-owned pieces of art, some of which have been hidden in storage rooms for decades. The Louvre museum in Paris alone is said to have as many as 250,000 works of art in its collection. Some art experts have voiced concerns over the potential creation of a market for selling off publicly-owned artwork. They argue that this could potentially lead to the plundering of France’s cultural heritage. However, others believe that selling artwork could be a viable way to reduce the country’s national debt. The parliamentary report suggests that the country could use the revenue generated from auctioning off artwork to pay down its debts and invest in public services. The idea of selling off art has been met with strong opposition in some quarters. Many artists, gallery owners and museum directors have raised concerns over the potential loss of national heritage. They argue that artwork holds great cultural and historical significance, and should not simply become a commodity to be sold off for profit. Despite this opposition, the French government has continued to explore the option of selling artwork as a way to pay down its debt. Whether the country will ultimately go through with the plan remains to be seen. French officials will need to weigh their options carefully before making any major decisions. Selling off artwork could potentially be a short-term solution to a long-term problem. However, it may also lead to the loss of precious cultural and historical artifacts that are vital to France’s national heritage. In a country where art is so cherished and valued, this is not an easy decision to make.