article: Las Vegas, Nevada (CNN) -- Disgraced football legend O.J. Simpson was in a Las Vegas courtroom Monday in a bid to get his robbery, assault and kidnapping convictions thrown out. Dressed in a blue prison uniform, the Heisman Trophy winner and former Buffalo Bills star halfback appeared to have grayed some during his four years of incarceration. He listened intently through hours of testimony, which concluded Monday evening. Simpson, who is serving a 33-year prison term, is asking for a new trial. In court papers, he's arguing that bad legal advice led to his arrest and conviction in a 2007 confrontation with sports memorabilia dealers. Simpson accuses his old lawyer, Yale Galanter, of having a conflict of interest and of failing to mount an effective defense in his trial. He also says Galanter told him before that confrontation that he was within his rights to take back property he believed had been stolen from him, "so long as there would be no trespass and no physical force used against the persons with the property." Among the witness called on Monday was Arnelle Simpson, one of O.J. Simpson's daughters, who said she and her father had dinner with Galanter and his wife the night before the incident took place. Simpson, 65, was convicted of leading a group of associates into a room at the Palace Station hotel and casino and using threats, guns and force to take back the items from the two dealers. "Simpson also contends that Galanter did not advise Simpson that carrying out the plan could subject him to criminal charges, regardless of the ownership of the property," his new lawyers wrote in seeking a new trial. Simpson also blames Galanter for preventing him from testifying in his own defense. Without putting him on the stand, "There was no evidence presented to adequately challenge the state's evidence of criminal intent and knowledge of the guns or the bad character evidence to which the jury was exposed," his appeal states. The Nevada Supreme Court already upheld his conviction in 2010. Prosecutors have called the new attempt to reverse his conviction "without merit," and Galanter is quoted in court papers as telling the judge in the original trial that he spoke to Simpson only after the confrontation. "Other than Simpson's bare allegations, the record does not support any conflict of interest," prosecutors wrote in response to Simpson's claims. Galanter could not be immediately reached for comment Sunday. Simpson's October 2008 conviction came on the anniversary of his famous acquittal on murder charges in the 1994 deaths of his ex-wife, Nicole Brown Simpson, and her friend Ronald Goldman. Though cleared of criminal charges, a civil jury later slapped him with a $33 million wrongful-death judgment, and lawyers for the Goldman family have doggedly pursued his assets. His current sentence leaves him eligible for parole in 2017. Documentary: Serial killer, not O.J., killed Simpson and Goldman .
highlights: Simpson is serving a 33-year term for robbery, kidnapping and assault . One of his daughters was among those who testified Monday . Simpson says he got poor advice from his lawyer . Prosecutors say there's no merit to the claim .
id: 7fbdabc008a859fcd9192b73165e382be28aa763
chatgpt: Former football star and Hollywood actor O.J. Simpson appeared in court on Monday to appeal his 33-year prison sentence for robbery, kidnapping, and assault. During the proceedings, one of Simpson's daughters testified on his behalf. Simpson has maintained his innocence since his 2007 conviction for the Las Vegas hotel room heist, in which he and several accomplices stole sports memorabilia at gunpoint. However, prosecutors argue that there's no merit to his claims of innocence, and that his sentence was justified. Simpson's legal team has now argued that their client was poorly advised by his trial lawyer, Yale Galanter. They contend that Galanter should have argued that Simpson was attempting to retrieve his own property, rather than engaging in an armed robbery. The prosecution has countered that the evidence clearly shows that Simpson and his accomplices broke into the hotel room and threatened the victims with guns. According to them, Simpson's claim of retrieval of his own property was a flimsy defense that would not have held up in court. Simpson has also repeatedly criticized Galanter in the years since his conviction, alleging that the lawyer had misrepresented him and failed to offer adequate counsel. Galanter has denied these claims, and the court has yet to determine whether his representation of Simpson was adequate. In addition to calling his trial lawyer's performance into question, Simpson has also argued that his sentence was overly harsh. He is currently serving a 33-year term at Lovelock Correctional Center in Nevada, and is not eligible for parole until 2022. Despite Simpson's claims of innocence and poor representation, prosecutors maintain that his sentence is fair and just given the serious nature of his crimes. They point out that Simpson's conviction was not his first brush with the law - he famously stood trial for the murder of his ex-wife and her friend in 1994, but was acquitted in a controversial verdict that captured the nation's attention. Simpson's current appeal is unlikely to result in his release or exoneration. However, it underscores the ongoing debate over his guilt or innocence, and the perception that he was unfairly targeted by law enforcement in the wake of his 1994 trial. For now, Simpson remains behind bars, serving out his sentence and awaiting his next opportunity for parole. Despite the controversy surrounding his case, the public continues to follow his story with fascination and disbelief.