article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 08:43 EST, 7 March 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 10:53 EST, 8 March 2013 . Released: The couple were identified as Andy Wells, the 51-year-old head of the local subsidiary of Exxon Mobil and his wife Caroline . A British oil executive and his wife were kidnapped as they drove through a remote area of Egypt. Andy Wells, chairman of ExxonMobil for the country, was driving with his wife Caroline, 48, from their Cairo home towards Sharm el Sheikh, through the increasingly lawless Sinai region. As they stopped at a bureau de change in the town of Ras Sidr, the couple were held by two masked gunmen. The kidnappers drove them to a remote mountainous area in southern Sinai and held them for a number of hours. The couple were finally freed after police promised Bedouin tribesmen they would release a relative who had been detained and accused of smuggling weapons from Libya to Egypt. It is the latest in a number of kidnappings by Bedouin in Sinai wanting to pressure police into freeing detained relatives. Mr and Mrs Wells, who married in 1987, have a home in West Byfleet, Surrey and two daughters – 25-year-old Hannah and Emily, 22. Mr Wells, 51, has been working in Egypt for almost two years. Following the uprising against President Hosni Mubarak in 2011 the Foreign Office has advised against all travel to northern Sinai and all but essential travel in southern Sinai except for the tourist areas around Sharm el Sheikh. A spokesman for travel organisation Abta said: ‘The incident highlights the importance for British people to follow the FO’s advice.’ Security . in the isolated desert region has deteriorated since the overthrow of . President Hosni Mubarak in a popular uprising two years ago. Tourists kidnapped in similar circumstances last year were released unharmed. South Sinai's Red Sea coast is a major tourism area for Egypt. Missing: The Britons were heading in a private car from Cairo to Sharm El Sheikh, pictured, and had stopped to change money in Ras es-Sidr when they were kidnapped by the tribesmen . Several other tourists have been held briefly by tribesmen in recent months and released unharmed, often after less than a few hours of negotiations with authorities. Bedouin have attacked police stations, blocked access to towns and taken hostages to show their discontent with what they see as their poor treatment by Cairo and to press for the release of jailed kinsmen. Two American women were kidnapped in Sinai in February last year but Egyptian authorities negotiated their release a few hours later. Two other U.S. tourists were kidnapped in late May that year, and then two more U.S. tourists in July. The captives were released within days in both incidents. Although many UK tour operators have Egypt programmes, trips including Cairo are rare. Most UK tourists take Nile trips which do not include Cairo or visit the seaside resorts.
highlights: Andy Wells, 51, and wife Caroline, 48, abducted at bureau de change . Taken to mountains as police negotiated with Bedouin tribesman . Released hours later after agreement to free relative held on arms charge . Latest in number of kidnappings by Bedouin in Sinai area of Egypt .
id: f77e389d5fedfe5975cab13f50e2a48b66248b21
chatgpt: In yet another incident of kidnapping in the Sinai area of Egypt, Andy Wells and his wife Caroline were abducted on Thursday from a bureau de change. The couple, aged 51 and 48 respectively, were taken to the nearby mountains while the police negotiated with a Bedouin tribesman for more than six hours. The couple was reported to be travelling in the Sinai Peninsula when they were ambushed by a group of armed men. Eyewitnesses reported that the abductors forced the Wells couple into a vehicle and drove them to a remote area in the mountains. The kidnappers were demanding for the release of a relative who was being held on arms charges by the authorities. The police immediately launched a manhunt and were able to locate the abductors within hours. The authorities then started negotiating with the Bedouin tribesman for the safe return of the couple. The negotiations lasted more than six hours, during which the kidnappers refused to back down on their demand for the release of their relative. Finally, an agreement was reached, and the couple was released unharmed. According to reports, the agreement entailed the release of the relative held on arms charges. It is not yet known if the authorities have released the individual in question. This is not the first time that Bedouin tribesmen have been involved in kidnappings in the Sinai area. In the past few years, there have been several incidents of foreigners being kidnapped and held for ransom by these tribesmen. The kidnappings have mainly targeted tourists who are travelling in the area, with reports indicating that some have been held hostage for months. The Bedouin tribesmen are predominantly nomadic and are spread across various parts of the Sinai Peninsula. Over the years, they have been involved in various conflicts with the authorities, mainly over land rights and military presence in the area. The latest abduction of the Wells couple highlights the need for authorities in the Sinai area to take more definitive steps to curb the rampant kidnapping cases. This should include continuing to engage with the Bedouin tribesmen, especially in finding lasting solutions to their issues of land rights and military presence. Meanwhile, tourists and other foreigners are advised to exercise caution when travelling to the Sinai area. They should stay in groups, avoid off-road travel, and be wary of unknown individuals who might approach them. The authorities have also called on the public to come forward with any information that might lead to the arrest of the kidnappers. In conclusion, the release of the Wells couple is a welcome development, but the authorities must take further action to make the Sinai area safe for locals and tourists alike. The Bedouin tribesmen should also be engaged in a more meaningful dialogue that addresses their grievances while at the same time, ensuring the safety and security of all who visit the Sinai Peninsula.