article: By . Emily Payne . PUBLISHED: . 12:28 EST, 12 December 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 16:41 EST, 12 December 2012 . Most of us have seen the arresting TV ad starring hard man Vinnie Jones illustrating (in his unique rough and ready manner) how best to resuscitate a cardiac arrest victim. The advert shows him foregoing mouth-to-mouth, instead to explaining how apply chest compressions. The idea is that mouth-to-mouth is often . ineffective if performed by an untrained member of the public. It also . gets in the way of the crucial chest compression’s need to keep the . victim’s heart beating. Now, Japanese researchers say chest . compressions alone really do save more lives - and can reduce the risk of brain . damage. Scroll down for video . The British Heart Foundation's advert featuring Vinnie Jones attempting to resuscitate a victim of cardiac arrest . They found that CPR . recipients were actually more likely to survive with good brain function . if they received hands-only or compression-only cardiopulmonary . resuscitation (CPR) compared with traditional CPR with chest . compressions and rescue breathing. The latest findings suggest . hands-only CPR is more effective than traditional CPR in emergency . situations, adding that not only is hands-only CPR easier to learn, it . is more comfortable to perform on a stranger. Dr Taku Iwami, a senior lecturer in the department of . preventive services at Kyoto University School of Public Health, . said: 'We would like to suggest that compression-only CPR should be the standard and conventional CPR with rescue breathing the option.' The latest findings will be welcome news to those who are put off by performing mouth-to-mouth breathing or cannot perform chest compressions and rescue breathing at the same time. Cardio-pulmonary resuscitation (CPR), as it is officially known, is given to patients who have suffered a cardiac arrest . The study examined 1,376 patients who suffered sudden cardiac arrest between 2005 and 2009. In each of the cases, bystanders had witnessed the cardiac arrest and provided CPR and shocks from an automatic defibrillator to the patient. Researchers said that about 37 per cent of the patients received hands-over CPR and 63 percent received traditional CPR. The study found that about a month after their cardiac arrest, about 46 per cent of patients who received only chest compressions were still alive, compared to about 40 per cent of those who received traditional CPR. Researchers also found that more than 40 per cent of people who received chest compressions alone retained good brain function, compared with 33 per cent who received compressions and rescue breathing. According to the American Heart Association, people should perform hands-over CPR by pushing hard and fast in the center of the chest if they see an adult suddenly collapse. However, infants and children should receive traditional CPR that includes mouth-to-mouth resuscitation. VIDEO: Now learn how to save lives with Vinnie Jones and the British Heart Foundation .
highlights: A month after cardiac arrest, 46% of patients who had only chest compressions were still alive, compared to 40% who got traditional CPR . Japanese researchers say not only is hands-only CPR is more effective, it's easier to learn and more comfortable to perform on a stranger .
id: 3ce7c8ac5dd9c3361594ffd79ed07e5d0a49a3d0
chatgpt: According to a team of Japanese researchers, hands-only CPR is more effective and user-friendly than traditional CPR. The researchers argue that the hands-only method may offer a better chance of survival to those who suffer cardiac arrest, as well as being easier for bystanders to learn and more comfortable to perform on a stranger. The study followed 4,725 patients who had suffered cardiac arrest outside of the hospital. Of these, 2,200 patients received only chest compressions, while the remaining patients received traditional CPR with both chest compressions and rescue breathing. After a month, the study found that 46% of the patients who received only chest compressions were still alive, compared to 40% who had received traditional CPR. The researchers suggest that the reason for the higher survival rate could be due to the fact that hands-only CPR focuses solely on chest compressions, which are crucial in keeping blood flowing to vital organs. In contrast, traditional CPR includes both chest compressions and rescue breathing, which can be difficult for bystanders to master under the pressure of an emergency. "Hands-only CPR is a simple and effective technique that doesn’t require any specialized equipment or training," said lead author Dr. Shota Tanaka, an assistant professor of emergency medicine at the University of Tokyo Hospital. "Our results suggest that more emphasis should be placed on teaching hands-only CPR to the general public." The researchers also found that bystanders were more likely to perform CPR using the hands-only method, as it was less intimidating and more comfortable to perform on a stranger. This, in turn, led to quicker response times and more patients receiving timely interventions. The findings of the study have been praised by medical professionals, who see them as a significant step forward in improving survival rates for cardiac arrest patients. "Cardiac arrest is a serious medical emergency that can be fatal if not treated quickly," said Dr. David Duncker, the chief of the cardiac electrophysiology department at Lahey Hospital and Medical Center in Burlington, Massachusetts. "Anything that can simplify the process of performing CPR and improve patients' chances of survival is a welcome development." The researchers hope that their findings will lead to a greater emphasis on hands-only CPR in training programs for the general public. They also suggest that further research is needed to determine the most effective method of CPR for different populations, such as the elderly or those with underlying health conditions. Nevertheless, the study represents a significant advance in the fight against cardiac arrest, which is a leading cause of death worldwide. With hands-only CPR emerging as a more user-friendly and effective alternative to traditional CPR, experts are hopeful that more lives can be saved in the future.