article: Islamabad (CNN) -- A convoy of more than 100 vehicles left Islamabad, Pakistan, on Saturday on a march toward South Waziristan to protest U.S. drone attacks. Pakistani cricketer-turned-politician Imran Khan is leading the march, which includes about 35 members of the U.S. anti-war group Code Pink. The group traveled to Pakistan last week to join the march, group representative Mirza Shahzad Akbar told CNN. "We are here to say, on behalf of those Americans with a conscience, that we apologize to the people of Pakistan for the killing and suffering," Medea Benjamin, a founder of Code Pink, said at a news conference Thursday. American activists in Pakistan to protest U.S. drone strikes . The U.K. advocacy group Reprieve and former Prime Minister Tony Blair's sister-in-law, Lauren Booth, are also part of the convoy. But senior government officials warn that the participants will not be allowed into South Waziristan. Opinion: A dangerous new world of drones . "We have already informed the convoy that we will not allow the participants to enter due to security reasons," Shahid Ullah, a senior government official, said. "The situation in the tribal areas is comparatively good but not suitable for any gathering there," Tashfeen Khan, another government official, said. "Visiting South Waziristan with foreigners would not be advisable. It can create problems," he said. While the government has given no assurances for the safety of the march, the Pakistani Taliban has also voiced concern at the convoy entering the volatile region. "We haven't given any kind of guarantee for the safety of the so-called Peace March planned to visit South Waziristan," said Ihsanullah Ihsan, spokesman for the Pakistani Taliban. Opinion: The folly of drone attacks and U.S. strategy . The counterterrorism drone strike program in Pakistan has long been controversial, with conflicting reports on its impact from the U.S. government, Pakistani officials and independent organizations. American officials insist that the choice and execution of the strikes -- begun under President George W. Bush and ramped up under President Barack Obama -- meet strict standards and that cases of civilian deaths or injuries are extremely rare. But a study released last month by Stanford Law School and New York University's School of Law said the drone attacks have killed far more people than the United States acknowledges, traumatized innocent residents and been largely ineffective. Civilians account for a significant portion of those killed, the study said. Meanwhile, fliers were distributed in the city of Tank on Friday from a militant splinter group claiming that Imran Khan was a Jewish American agent and that he would be endangering his own life and those who were traveling with him if he entered the tribal areas. Convoy participants hope to reach South Waziristan on Sunday and hold a demonstration against drone attacks in northwest Pakistan. Journalists Amir Iqbal and Nasir Habib contributed to this report .
highlights: More than 100 vehicles left Pakistan's capital Islamabad to protest drone strikes . Senior government officials warn that the participants will not be allowed into South Waziristan. American officials insist drone strikes meet strict standards .
id: e54b910e703ac802d2c28060450a6c9dd9899348
chatgpt: Islamabad, Pakistan - More than 100 vehicles left the capital city of Islamabad on Tuesday to participate in a protest against the United States' controversial drone program. The demonstration was held in protest against the use of drones by the US in Pakistan's tribal areas, which is believed to have caused collateral damages. Participants of the convoy included members of various political parties, human rights activists, and locals who have been affected by the drone strikes. However, senior Pakistani government officials have warned that the convoy will not be allowed to enter the South Waziristan tribal region where most of the drone strikes have occurred. Leaders of political parties in Pakistan have strongly condemned the US for its continued use of this controversial technology. They have called for an immediate end to the drone strikes that have reportedly led to the loss of innocent lives in the country. Political leaders have also urged the American government to respect Pakistan's sovereignty and territorial integrity. The Pakistani government has also expressed its disapproval of the US's drone program. Despite repeated complaints over the years, the US government has disregarded Pakistan's pleas to stop drone strikes in the country's tribal regions. The government has been accused of failing to protect the lives of its citizens and of being complicit in America's controversial drone program. American officials, on the other hand, maintain that the drone strikes meet strict international standards and are aimed at targeting terrorists who threaten Pakistan’s security. The US has claimed that the drone program has been successful in eliminating terrorist networks and preventing potential attacks on American soil. Pakistan, however, maintains that the drone strikes have caused more damage than good, and have led to A public outcry from people affected by the program. Many critics have accused the US of violating Pakistan's sovereignty and causing collateral damage. There are also concerns that the US drone program could radicalize more Pakistanis, leading to more violence in the region. Despite the controversy surrounding the drone program, the US has shown no signs of ending the operation any time soon. Instead, the US has continued to expand the program, leading to more threats of retaliation against the US and its allies. The convoy of protesters that left Islamabad on Tuesday is a clear sign of the growing discontent among Pakistanis over the US's drone program. The members of the convoy have vowed to continue their protest until the drone strikes are ended, and Pakistan's sovereignty is respected. As the protest heats up, it remains to be seen whether the Pakistani government and the US will be able to find a solution to the growing tension. The political leaders in Pakistan have called for dialogue and peaceful solutions to the problem, but it looks like it may take a lot more than that to put an end to the controversial drone program. The US has yet to address the concerns voiced by Pakistan and its people, and the divisive program is likely to remain a bone of contention in the region for the foreseeable future.