article: By . Will Stewart . Vladimir Putin is under pressure to put 'peacekeeping' troops on the ground in Ukraine as NATO accused the Kremlin of posing 'a threat to the international order'. Separatists supporting Moscow in eastern Ukraine called on the Russian president to put soldiers into Donetsk and Lugansk regions to maintain order. A call for peacekeeping forces also came from the head of the Russian parliament's defence committee Admiral Vladislav Komoyedov. Scroll down for video . Troops: Separatists supporting Moscow in eastern Ukraine have called on Russian president Vladimir Putin (pictured today with Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas) to put soldiers into Donetsk and Lugansk regions to maintain order . Residents wait as they charge their mobile phones at a kiosk with a rare working power outlet in Slavyansk on Wednesday. There is no electricity or running water in most of the city . Russia's upper house today approved a Putin demand to remove his authority to deploy his armed forces in Ukraine, but the calls for peacekeepers indicate many have not ruled out its troops on the ground in eastern Ukraine. The Kremlin leader has been seen as backtracking this week to avoid harsh new Western sanctions, but the latest demands will disturb leaders in the EU and US. Donetsk separatist leader Pavel Gobarev urged: 'We ask for the deployment of a Russian peacekeeping contingent in the Donetsk People's Republic and the Lugansk People's Republic.' In the event of international peacekeepers, Putin's forces 'must play the leading role', he said. Komoyedov warned that the week-long ceasefire was not holding in eastern Ukraine, highlighted by the downing of a Ukrainian military helicopter in which nine died. 'Who can at present reliably control the situation between sides to the conflict in southeast Ukraine? I think that an interposition force could fulfill this task,' he demanded. Ukraine's Foreign Minister Pavlo Klimkin (left) listens to U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry (right) and NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen (centre) during a NATO-Ukraine foreign ministers meeting today . Close accord: European Union foreign policy chief Baroness Ashton talks with John Kerry before the Foreign Affairs ministers meeting in Brussels . Deep in conversation: Nato has accused Moscow of breaking the rules and eroding trust through its actions in Ukraine . NATO head Anders Fogh Rasmussen refused to see Moscow's moves as bringing a solution to the crisis. Through its actions in Ukraine, Russia 'has broken the rules and eroded the trust,' he said. It is Moscow's 'illegal actions in Ukraine which pose a threat to the international order'. NATO has accused Russia of increasing its troop numbers close to Ukraine's borders and proving weaponry and fighters to rebel forces. 'Today, we see no changes in Russia's behaviour. So we have no options but to maintain the suspension of practical civilian and military cooperation. ' 'There will be no business as usual with Russia until Russia comes back into line with its international obligations.' On military exercises in Russia this week, forces are conducting drills in 'peacekeeping' tasks.
highlights: Separatists in eastern Ukraine urge Kremlin to help 'maintain order' They have asked Russia to send 'peacekeeping' troops to the region . News comes as NATO says Russia has 'broken the rules' in Ukraine . Anders Fogh Rasmussen also called Putin's actions in Ukraine 'illegal'
id: 1dfba9e66e8695d8eeb42e7652dcfeabd8e70530
chatgpt: Separatists in eastern Ukraine have made a plea to the Kremlin to send "peacekeeping" troops to help "maintain order" in the region. This request comes amidst simmering tensions in the area, which has been rocked by a conflict between separatist factions and the Ukrainian government since 2014. The separatists, who have declared two breakaway republics in eastern Ukraine - the Donetsk People's Republic and the Luhansk People's Republic - have been seeking closer ties with Russia. They have accused the Ukrainian government of being anti-Russian and have called for greater autonomy for their regions. Russia has been accused of aiding the separatists by supplying them with weapons and other forms of support. The move by the separatists to call for Russian "peacekeeping" troops to be sent to the region has been seen by many as a provocation. NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen has condemned Russia for violating international law and for "breaking the rules". Rasmussen has described Putin's actions in Ukraine as "illegal" and stated that NATO would be increasing its presence in the region. "The situation in Ukraine remains deeply concerning, with tensions remaining high in the east of the country," Rasmussen said. "Russia's illegal annexation of Crimea and its continued support for separatists in eastern Ukraine show a blatant disregard for international law, and have seriously damaged Russia's relations with the international community." The request for Russian "peacekeeping" troops to be sent to eastern Ukraine comes at a time when tensions between Russia and the West are already high. The conflict in Ukraine has been a major source of tension between Russia and NATO, and has led to the imposition of economic sanctions on Russia by the West. The separatists in eastern Ukraine have accused the Ukrainian government of being unwilling to negotiate and have called for a peaceful resolution to the conflict. However, many in Ukraine and the West view the separatists as being backed by Russia and therefore see their actions as illegitimate. The move by the separatists to call on Russia to send troops to the region has been criticized by many. Some see it as a cynical attempt to provoke Ukraine and the West, while others view it as a potentially dangerous escalation of the conflict. The situation in eastern Ukraine remains volatile, with sporadic outbreaks of violence reported in the region. The call for Russian "peacekeeping" troops to be sent to the region has only added to the tensions, and it is unclear how the Ukrainian government and the West will respond. The conflict in eastern Ukraine has dragged on for years, with no end in sight. The separatists' call for Russian troops to be sent to the region is just the latest twist in a complicated and long-running conflict that has left many Ukrainians feeling trapped and uncertain about the future.