article: Washington (CNN) -- Even as the war against ISIS expands, House Speaker John Boehner said he doesn't believe Congress should debate any new authorization for the military operation until next year. In an interview with the New York Times, Boehner said he didn't believe holding a vote in November during the so-called lame-duck session of Congress was appropriate because there is "a whole group of members who are on their way out the door." Boehner delivered that same message to House Republicans in closed-door meetings before the House wrapped up its brief fall session last week, according to a top Boehner aide. "He believes that having such a consequential debate with members who are either retiring or lost is not the right way to go about it," Kevin Smith, Boehner's communications director, told CNN. The speaker has emphasized on multiple occasions that he doesn't believe lame-duck sessions are the right time to tackle major policy debates such as immigration or tax reform. Will U.S. strikes hurt ISIS' oil riches? But both Republicans and Democrats have argued that the legal justification that the Obama administration cites to launch action against ISIS -- a 2001 measure passed by Congress to fight al Qaeda and the 2002 Iraq war authorization -- doesn't cover the current military action against this terror group. Some members, including Republicans, want Boehner to call the House back into session before the mid-term election to vote on a new authorization. Florida GOP Rep. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen told MSNBC Thursday that it's time for Congress to return to Washington and take up new legislation focused on the fight against ISIS. "We are shirking our responsibility by not voting on this," she said. Pentagon spokesman on fighting ISIS: 'I think we are in this for a matter of years' But Boehner, who is on a campaign swing for GOP candidates in New England this week, made it clear he has no plans to do so. The House speaker did tell the Times -- as he said before Congress left for the final stretch before the November mid-term elections -- that he believes it's important for Congress to "speak" on the issue. But he insisted it's up to the White House to draft and send new language to Capitol Hill. "I would suggest to you that early next year, assuming that we continue in this effort, there may be that discussion and there may be that request from the President," Boehner said. Sen. Mitch McConnell, R-Kentucky, who could become majority leader if Republicans win control of the Senate in November, didn't have a comment about Boehner's remarks. But his spokesman Don Stewart told CNN that McConnell "has said multiple times that the President should present us with a plan and we can vote on that and if it's a good plan it will have bipartisan support." CNN Senior Congressional Producer Ted Barrett contributed to this story.
highlights: Debate in Congress over war authorization likely wouldn't happen until next year . That's according to House Speaker John Boehner . Having the debate in a lame-duck session would be inefficient, Boehner believes .
id: 89f18c32e2ed137309593dcbd2521341ec31c9ce
chatgpt: Congressional leaders have made it clear that a debate over war authorization won't be happening until next year. House Speaker John Boehner has stated that having the debate in a lame-duck session would be inefficient. Boehner's belief is one shared by many members of Congress who feel that there is simply not enough time left in the year to properly consider the issue. With so many other pressing matters to attend to before the session is up, the war authorization issue would simply be lost in the shuffle. In order to properly debate the authorization, the issue requires time and thoughtfulness. There are many factors to consider when it comes to the use of military force, and a rushed decision could have disastrous consequences. As it stands, Congress has yet to authorize the use of military force in Syria, despite the fact that the United States has been involved in the conflict for several years. There are many concerns over what the potential ramifications of military intervention could be, and what impact it could have on the ongoing civil war. The debate over war authorization is one of the most serious issues that Congress has to consider, and it is crucial that they approach it in a methodical and thoughtful manner. There are many lives at stake, both American and otherwise, and it is important that any decision made is done with the utmost care. Some members of Congress have expressed concern over the fact that the debate is being pushed back until next year. They argue that delay could lead to further inaction on the part of the United States when it comes to Syria. However, the reality is that the issue of war authorization is incredibly complex, and requires serious consideration. Rushing the debate in a lame-duck session would be a disservice to the American people, and would not be conducive to a thoughtful and measured decision. It is likely that the debate over war authorization will be one of the most important issues facing Congress in the coming months. With so much at stake, it is crucial that members of Congress approach it with the seriousness and responsibility it requires. While some may be frustrated with the delay in the debate, it is important to remember that ultimately, the goal is to make the best decision possible. Rushing the process would only lead to more problems down the line. In the meantime, Congress will continue to grapple with a number of important issues, including healthcare, immigration, and tax reform. There is no shortage of work to be done, and it is important that Congress focus on addressing these issues one at a time, instead of trying to tackle everything at once. In the end, the debate over war authorization will happen - it just won't happen this year. This delay may be frustrating for some, but ultimately it will lead to a better decision in the long run.