article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . Lucy Britner, 30, pictured, was the only one who could see the two men and sprang down from the stage, shouting: 'What are you doing?' A classical singer stopped in the middle of her recital to run down a church aisle to stop thieves raiding a charity collection. Lucy Britner, 30, was the only one who could see the two men and sprang down from the stage, shouting: 'What are you doing?' The audience turned in their seats in surprise as she confronted the men at the back of the packed church. One was holding £150 in donations which had been left in a bowl but she wrestled back the money. Members of the 70-strong audience at the Unitarian Church in Brighton, including an off-duty police officer, chased after the men but they fled. Then Miss Britner, a food and drink writer, resumed her show Centuries Of Song in aid of The National Brain Appeal. She said: 'At first I thought they were interested in the singing. 'But then I saw them looking at the money and one of them tried to conceal the other while he perched next to the bowl and grabbed some cash. 'Frustratingly, I was the only one facing that direction so I just had to run out and stop them. 'It was unnerving but I had spent months practising those songs and there was no way I wasn't going to carry on.' Miss Britner's fiance Luke Ellis, 30, who accompanied her onstage for one song, was in the vestry arranging some flowers when he heard the commotion. He said: 'I didn't know what the heck was going on. 'I had an image in my mind of someone jumping up and down in the audience and then saw what had happened. 'Everyone was just bewildered.' The audience turned in their seats in surprise as Miss Britner confronted the men at the back of the packed church. One was holding £150 in donations which had been left in a bowl but she wrestled back the money . Members of the 70-strong audience at the Unitarian Church in Brighton, including an off-duty police officer, chased after the men. Above, Miss Britner (right) pictured with her fiance's mother Margaret Grimsdell . Mr Ellis, whose parents Vic Ellis and Margaret Grimsdell also played, said: 'She took it in her stride, even after physically restraining one of them.' The show ended on a high note, with more than £300 collected for The National Brain Appeal. Miss Britner performed her show, Centuries Of Song, in memory of her friend Alan Lodge, who died aged 29 from a brain haemorrhage.
highlights: Lucy Britner was singing at the Unitarian Church in Brighton . She saw the two men raiding the charity collection behind the audience . One was holding £150 in donations but she wrestled back the money . The 70-strong audience chased after the men but they fled .
id: 8c7c1936307fc508ef5d2e86b6f01742b5c90f5b
chatgpt: Brighton singer Lucy Britner was the unlikely hero of a charity collection raid on Monday evening. Ms. Britner was performing at the Unitarian Church to a 70-strong audience when she noticed two men loitering behind the audience. To her horror, she saw that they were stealing donations intended for the charity collection. One of the men was brandishing a bundle of £50 notes worth around £150 ($200). Quick as a flash, Ms. Britner leaped from the stage and tackled the man trying to escape with the collection. After a brief struggle, in which Ms. Britner tried to wrestle the money back, the two men fled the church. To their credit, the audience members, who had also seen what was happening, sprang into action, chasing after the two perpetrators. However, the men had a head start and they managed to disappear into the busy city streets surrounding the church. Ms. Britner, who was left shaken but unhurt, told reporters: "I couldn't believe it was happening, but as soon as I realised what they were up to, I just acted instinctively. The money was obviously meant for a good cause, and I couldn't let them walk away with it." The charity collection was intended for a local homeless shelter, which provides food, shelter, and support for those in need. A spokesperson for the shelter said that the money would have gone a long way to help those in the community who were most vulnerable, and they praised Ms. Britner's bravery in protecting the donations. The incident has led to a debate about what more can be done to protect charity collections and the people who donate to them. Many charities rely on donations to survive, and losing even a small amount of money can have a devastating impact on the vital work they do. The police have been informed of the incident, and are investigating the attack. The Unitarian Church has also pledged to review its security measures to prevent a similar incident from happening in the future. Despite the shock of the incident, Ms. Britner says that she is not going to let it deter her from performing. "I believe that music has the power to bring people together, and that's what we were doing last night," she said. "Even though we were shaken up by what happened, we're not going to let something like this stop us from coming together and creating something beautiful." In the meantime, the people of Brighton are being called upon to be vigilant and report any suspicious activity in the area, so that incidents like this can be prevented before they happen. The stolen money has yet to be recovered, but the community has rallied around the homeless shelter, pledging to donate even more money to make up for the lost funds.