article: (CNN) -- Does the future of transportation really mean the end of driving? At the inaugural FutureCast event many of Silicon Valley's most innovative entrepreneurs and thinkers believed it could be. Yes, they said, these intelligent cars are for real and the future has arrived in the shape of collision-proof, driverless automobiles. "Seven U.S. states have legalized driverless vehicles now," said David Frigstad, Chairman of consultancy Frost & Sullivan. "The technology works today. We aren't talking about a flying car. We are talking about a car that works today." The self-driving car will making the whole driving experience much more pleasurable, predicted Brad Templeton, the former chairman of the Electronic Frontier Foundation who has worked extensively with Google on their self-driving car. "The inside of the car is going to change a lot," he explained. "Right now, cars are sold by acceleration. Then they are going to be sold by comfort. They'll be face to face so they'll be a pleasant experience. You child will say: 'Mommy are we there already?' rather than 'Are we there yet?'" Read more: Transportation confronts its "Kodak moment" Even grizzled Silicon Valley entrepreneurs like Reputation.com CEO Michael Fertik confessed to being wowed by the self-driving car. "Listen, I was driving to work the other day and I saw the self-driving Google car buzz by me driving much better than I think I was," Fertik said. "I don't know if the guy had his hands on the wheel. There's this big whirly thing on the top. It's like Star Trek." Four companies -- Audi, Mercedes, BMW and Volvo -- will have automated cars in the market in the next 12 months noted The New York Times' technology writer John Markoff. "We are about to enter into this great social experiment," he said. However not all FutureCast attendees agreed that this social experiment is that great. "You may sell these cars from Audi, but I have an Audi parked out front," noted former Best Buy CTO Robert Stephens. "Its Bluetooth doesn't sync properly with my audio. There's no frigging way I'm letting this thing drive me down the highway yet." But even Stephens is excited by the idea of the self-driving car. "The minute you realize you can be in this thing and surf your email and not touch the car that will be awesome," he said about a technology which, for better or worse, is about to radically change all of our lives.
highlights: Driverless cars are being tested by companies included Google . Auto makers are committed to producing automated cars . Some remain skeptical of the technology .
id: f54ae986cb49c8cd658b96a0a67a01ac4b1310a8
chatgpt: The race to perfect autonomous driving technology continues as more and more companies jump on board. Google, one of the pioneers in this endeavor, has been testing their driverless cars for years now, and it seems other auto makers are following suit. A recent report in the Scientific American disclosed that car companies including Toyota, GM, and Audi were all committed to producing automated vehicles. These companies are investing heavily in research and development and aiming to bring self-driving cars to the mainstream by 2021. The chief aim of driverless cars is to improve road safety and efficiency. According to the World Health Organization, road-traffic injuries are currently the leading cause of death among people aged 15-29. By doing away with human error, these cars are expected to reduce the number of accidents on the roads. However, not everyone is convinced about the effectiveness of the technology. There are lingering doubts about the reliability and acceptance of autonomous cars. Critics argue that these vehicles are susceptible to cyber attacks or technological glitches, which could lead to deadly consequences. Additionally, people have expressed concerns about relinquishing control of their vehicles. Many drivers enjoy the act of driving, seeing it as a pleasurable activity. While autonomous cars are designed to make driving easier and more convenient, some argue they can never completely replace the thrill of being behind the wheel. Despite these objections, the automotive industry is continuing to push forward with autonomous car technology. Automation has already begun to infiltrate the automotive industry with vehicles like Tesla's Model S and Cadillac's Super Cruise providing partial autonomy already. And leading automakers are now pouring resources into deploying fully autonomous vehicles to the market. In many ways, the march towards autonomous vehicles feels inevitable. However, the road towards driverless cars still has many challenges that need to be addressed. The potential benefits are great, but so are the risks if the technology were to fail. In conclusion, the race to create the first fully functional autonomous vehicle is on. Car manufacturers and tech companies are actively working towards that goal. Driverless cars are still a source of controversy, with some praising the innovation and others wary of the technology. But auto makers and tech giants are committed to producing these vehicles and bringing them to the market. Only time will tell how successful they will be in achieving this goal.