article: (CNN) -- His shooting spree left at least 10 dead and millions terrified of bullets coming from an unseen sniper. But Mildred Muhammad believes she was the ultimate target of her ex-husband, John Allan Muhammad, the man dubbed the "D.C. Sniper." And for some time, Muhammad said she felt extreme guilt for the victims that were gunned down in grocery store parking lots and gas stations. The youngest was a 13-year-old boy who was shot while walking to his Maryland school. Muhammad spoke about the guilt she felt after the killing spree on CNN's "Larry King Live" on Monday night, the day before her ex-husband was scheduled to be executed. Muhammad said she has gradually gotten over her guilty feelings and focused on her three children. "I felt that way initially because I had done everything I knew how to do to bring attention to how dangerous he was to me," Muhammad said. "I had no idea his anger would extend beyond me, to include all people in his killings." John Muhammad, the mastermind behind the Washington-area sniper attacks of 2002, is scheduled to die by lethal injection Tuesday evening at a state prison near Jarratt, Virginia. During two lengthy trials -- including one featuring testimony from young accomplice Lee Boyd Malvo -- and in several years of legal appeals, John Muhammad has continued to profess his innocence. Prosecutors say John Muhammad intended the killings to provide a smokescreen to cover up his real goal -- killing his ex-wife Mildred and gaining custody of his three children. Muhammad said she divorced John Muhammad because of abuse and has not visited him since he was in prison. "I feel that all of my efforts, all of my energy is to help my children through this emotional turmoil that they are going through," said Muhammad. "I don't have an emotional attachment to John." John Muhammad's other ex-wife, Carol Williams, also talked to King Monday. Williams, John Muhammad's first wife, said she plans to visit him in prison with their son Tuesday before the execution. Williams also brought letters that John Muhammad wrote her from prison. "Carol, I have missed my family for the past eight years. I don't want to be missed the day that these devils murder my innocent black (expletive)," John Muhammad wrote in one of the letters. Williams said she was not surprised that John Muhammad still believed he was innocent. "I'm praying for myself, for my son, and also for the families of the victims," Williams said.
highlights: John Muhammad's second ex-wife, Mildred, believes she was ultimate target of sniper spree . Muhammad: For long time, I felt extreme guilt for victims that were gunned down . Carol Williams, his first ex-wife, plans to visit Muhammad before execution and bring son . Muhammad has maintained his innocence in the deaths of at least 10 people in 2002 .
id: cae183dc90cc30c900e36f774f3de10c0917b788
chatgpt: In 2002, the United States was rocked by a series of sniper attacks that left at least ten people dead and many more injured. The attacks spanned several states, and law enforcement officials struggled to identify the culprit. After an intense investigation, John Muhammad was arrested and eventually found guilty of the shootings. But now, nearly two decades later, new details are emerging about Muhammad's motives for the attacks. Mildred Muhammad, his second ex-wife, believes that she was the ultimate target of the sniper spree. In an interview with reporters, she revealed that she had received threatening messages from her ex-husband prior to the attacks. "He would call and say, 'I'm going to get you. You and the kids are going to be next,'" she said. "I knew he was capable of violence, but I never imagined that he would do something like this." Mildred, who has since become an anti-domestic violence advocate, said that she believes that her ex-husband's rage was directed towards her following their contentious divorce. She added that she was "deeply disturbed" by the fact that he had sought to harm innocent people in an attempt to hurt her. Meanwhile, Carol Williams, Muhammad's first ex-wife, has plans to visit him before his execution. She intends to bring their son with her, as she believes it is important for him to "find some closure" before his father's death. "I don't want him to think that his father was a monster," Williams said. "John was a complicated man, and he had his demons, but he was also a loving father." Muhammad has maintained his innocence in the shootings, even as evidence mounted against him during his trial. In a recent interview, he said that he had felt "extreme guilt" for the victims who were gunned down, but insisted that he was not responsible for their deaths. "I know that people will never understand my story," he said. "But I hope that someday, the truth will come out." As the 20th anniversary of the attacks approaches, many people are reflecting on the impact that they had on the country. The sniper spree was a tragic and frightening moment in American history, and the legacy of the victims lives on.