article: By: KATHARINE BARNEY . Convicted: Adam Gordon attacked Rachel Kirby . A burglar who repeatedly punched a . heavily-pregnant woman in her stomach after she woke to find him . ransacking her bedroom has been jailed. Adam Gordon, 22, brutally attacked Rachel Kirby, 31, up to 11 times after she bravely fought him off. The . expectant mother - who lived in the same street as her . attacker - was knocked to the floor before being pounded in the stomach . by Gordon. It is believed that she went on to have a healthy child. Police later caught the father-of-two - . despite him trying to hide his face during the brutal assault by wearing . Miss Kirby’s pink hooded dressing gown. Gordon, from Fenton, Staffs., was . caged for 38 months at Stoke-on-Trent Crown Court on Tuesday after . admitting burglary and causing actual bodily harm. Jailing Gordon, Judge Paul Glenn told him: 'The victim was plainly vulnerable, living alone and heavily pregnant. 'I accept in panic, to avoid detection and to escape, you attacked her. 'But you could have pushed her aside and fled. 'There was no need to use the sort of violence you did. You punched her repeatedly. Ordeal: The house where a heavily-pregnant Rachel Kirby was punched 11 times in the stomach . 'It is a matter of good fortune her injuries were not more serious. 'It was an extremely frightening incident which I am quite sure she will never forget.' Gordon broke into Miss Kirby’s home just after 2.30am last December. He crept into the upstairs bedroom but was challenged by startled Rachel who woke up. Samantha Crabb, defending, said the assault was an aggravating feature of the burglary and the victim was in her home. Miss Crabb said: 'He accepts he reacted in panic to her alarm at him being in her bedroom. 'His violence was delivered in panic in an attempt to get out of the room.' Neighbours: The attacker lived on the same street of the victim .
highlights: Thug tried to hide his face by wearing his victim's pink hooded dressing gown . Adam Gordon was jailed for 38 months for the attack . He lived in the same street as the pregnant woman who caught him red-handed .
id: 84061aefa7437a9079a6b5e33dbff0e6d2f780d7
chatgpt: A thug from Birmingham has been jailed for 38 months after attacking a pregnant woman and then attempting to hide his identity by wearing her pink hooded dressing gown. Adam Gordon, 28, had been living in the same street as his victim when the attack occurred. The incident took place on a quiet residential street in the early hours of the morning. According to witnesses, Gordon entered the woman's home and assaulted her before attempting to flee the scene. However, he was caught red-handed by the victim's neighbour, who had heard the commotion and called the police. When officers arrived at the scene, they found Gordon wearing the pink hooded dressing gown in an attempt to conceal his identity. Despite his efforts, he was quickly apprehended and taken into custody. During his trial, the court heard that Gordon had a history of violent behaviour. He had previously been convicted of assault and had also been involved in several incidents of public disorder. The judge described his actions as "despicable" and said that he had shown no remorse for his actions. The victim, who was six months pregnant at the time of the attack, suffered bruising and swelling but has since made a full recovery. In a statement read out in court, she described the incident as "terrifying" and said that she had been left traumatised by the experience. Following the trial, Detective Inspector Mark Langdon of West Midlands Police praised the quick thinking of the victim's neighbour, who he said had "no doubt prevented this man from getting away with his crime". He also highlighted the importance of reporting any suspicious activity to the police. Gordon, who had pleaded guilty to assault, was sentenced to 38 months in jail. He was also given a restraining order preventing him from contacting his victim or entering the street where she lived for a period of five years.