article: (CNN)  -- South Carolina's Supreme Court ruled Thursday that Gov. Mark Sanford must accept $700 million in federal stimulus money, ending the only formal effort by a governor to reject funding intended to jump-start an ailing economy. Gov. Mark Sanford became the conservative face of opposition to the federal stimulus package. The two-term Republican said he would abide by the court ruling, but called it a bad day for South Carolina and the country. "This decision is terrible news for every taxpayer in South Carolina, and even more so for future taxpayers who will ultimately bear the responsibility of paying for this so-called 'stimulus' without seeing any benefit from it," he said in a statement. Considered a potential future Republican presidential candidate, Sanford led the party's resistance to the $787 billion stimulus package. He warned the increased spending will bring an insurmountable debt burden on future generations. Sanford initially tried to require that any stimulus money pay down the state debt, a stance rejected by the Obama administration. Sanford had resisted taking the money even when the Republican-controlled legislature passed a budget that included the funds. Students and education officials in South Carolina filed lawsuits demanding that the governor take the money. Sanford tried to have those suits merged and heard in federal court. On Monday, however, a federal judge rejected that effort, and said that the South Carolina Supreme Court must decide what to do. In its ruling, the state's highest court said the legislature, not Sanford, has the power to decide whether to accept the federal stimulus money. "At this stage in the process, the Governor certainly has no discretion to make a contradictory decision on behalf of the State," the ruling said. "We hold the Governor must apply for the ... funds."  Watch report on Gov. Sanford's policy defeat » . However, the court distanced itself from any role in setting policy on the issue. "Our decision today should not be construed as a comment on the policy differences between Governor Sanford and the General Assembly respecting the wisdom or necessity of South Carolina accepting the" money, it said. ... "We discharge our duty to honor the rule of law, nothing more." The ruling was in response to lawsuits filed by two students and a school administrators' association that sought to force the state to accept the stimulus money, some of which will go for education needs. CNN's Tom Cohen and Peter Hamby contributed to this report.
highlights: State Supreme Court rules 5-0 that governor must accept $700 million . Mark Sanford made national headlines in his efforts to reject federal stimulus funds . Issue put Republican governor at odds with GOP-controlled legislature . Students, education officials had filed lawsuits demanding  governor take the money .
id: ceabe7c35727db2f766d4ede36e9ed7c99674749
chatgpt: In a unanimous decision, the South Carolina State Supreme Court has ruled that Governor Mark Sanford must accept $700 million in federal stimulus funds. The issue has been a polarizing one, putting the Republican governor at odds with the GOP-controlled legislature and education officials. Sanford made national headlines in 2009 when he announced his intention to reject the federal stimulus funds, which were intended to help bolster the struggling South Carolina economy. Sanford, a fiscal conservative, argued that the funds would drive up the state's debt and further burden future generations. However, students, education officials, and other groups quickly filed lawsuits demanding that Sanford take the money. They argued that the funds were desperately needed to fill gaps in education funding, provide critical infrastructure improvements, and create jobs. The state Supreme Court agreed with these arguments, ruling that Sanford's attempt to reject the funds was unconstitutional. In the court's unanimous opinion, Chief Justice Jean Toal wrote, "The governor's actions were contrary to the laws of this state and contrary to his fiduciary duties to the citizens of South Carolina." The decision has been praised by education officials, who say that the funds are desperately needed to address a range of issues facing the state's public schools. "We are pleased that the court has recognized the importance of these funds for our students and our schools," said Molly Spearman, the state superintendent of education. However, the ruling has been criticized by some fiscal conservatives and other groups who believe that accepting the funds will only increase the state's long-term debt. "Governor Sanford was right to reject these funds, which come with all sorts of strings attached and create long-term liabilities," said Tim Jones, the director of the South Carolina Policy Council. Despite these criticisms, it appears that the state will now move forward with accepting the funds. In a statement issued after the court's decision, Governor Sanford said that he would comply with the ruling. "While I remain concerned about the long-term impact of these funds, I will work to ensure that they are used responsibly and transparently," he said. It remains to be seen how the funds will be dispersed and utilized, but educators and other supporters are optimistic that they will make a significant impact in improving the state's schools and economy.