article: By . Jaya Narain . A Ukip Euro MP was branded ‘crass, ignorant and insensitive’ yesterday after he joked about encouraging jihadists to blow up a building that spoils his view. Steven Woolfe said that if ISIS terrorists ever came to the picturesque city of Chester he would ask them to destroy a newly-built NHS centre near his home. The 46-year-old, who was elected an MEP for North West England in May, told a local newspaper: ‘If you had Ukip policy on planning it would never have got through. ‘My view of the lovely cathedral, one of the most beautiful buildings in England, is now blocked. As a joke, if ISIS came in I would be saying that’s the first building you can get, please. Just move it so I can have my vision back.’ The extreme Islamist group ISIS has been engaged in a series of horrific massacres across Iraq and Syria since early 2013. Bob Thompson, the Lib Dem’s parliamentary candidate in Chester, said the comment spoke volumes about the character of Ukip. He added: ‘At a time of serious terrorist activity in various parts of the world ... Ukip inviting a terrorist organisation like ISIS to destroy a building in our city is crass, ignorant and insensitive.’ Mr Woolfe, a former barrister who is the party’s Migration and Financial Affairs spokesman, later apologised, saying: ‘The devastating and worrying violence in the Middle East is something I am well aware of and which I have commented on on many occasions. The issues and death are no laughing matter. ‘The joke was to identify an ugly building in Chester which has altered the beautiful historical views and surrounding architectural context.’ The extreme Islamist group ISIS has been engaged in a series of horrific massacres across Iraq and Syria since early 2013 . Mr Woolfe, 46, said: ‘I simply used hyperbole which is a common method in northern comedy. 'I didn’t think for a moment this would be regarded as something I actually wished for or advocated. In future I shall be more circumspect and just stick to professional language.’ However, agreeing with him about the NHS building, Mr Thompson said it was a ‘poor design which does no favours for our city.’ The building is described as a super-surgery which will amalgamate a number of GP surgeries in the area, something which has angered residents.
highlights: Steven Woolfe joked that the terror group could prioritise the building . He has since apologised for his 'hyperbolic' comments .
id: f7e5ffcb323cd35591afb24c00ab60f259b734bb
chatgpt: UKIP MEP Steven Woolfe has been forced to apologise after making a joke about the Islamic State terrorist group, also known as ISIS or ISIL. Woolfe, who is running for the leadership of UKIP, told a crowd at a public meeting that ISIS could be asked to help “prioritise the building” in the United Kingdom.
 
The comments were quickly criticised by many, including members of his own party, as being insensitive and inappropriate. Woolfe was later forced to apologise, acknowledging that his remarks had been “hyperbolic” and that they could have caused offence to those affected by terrorism.
 
The joke, which played on the idea that ISIS could be employed to help with construction projects due to their experience in causing destruction, was seen as particularly tasteless given the recent attacks in Manchester and London. Woolfe had been speaking at a campaign event in Eastleigh, Hampshire, when he made the comments.
 
Although Woolfe’s comments were clearly intended as a joke, their reception reflects a growing concern among many Britons who are worried about the threat of terrorism. With the frequency of terrorist attacks on the rise, even flippant remarks can be seen as offensive or disrespectful to those who have lost loved ones.
 
UKIP has been struggling to define its role in British politics following last year’s referendum on Brexit. The party campaigned heavily for Britain to leave the European Union, but since that victory it has struggled to find its place in the political landscape. Its new leader will need to build a more coherent platform and messaging strategy if the party is to remain relevant in the coming years.
 
Woolfe, who was previously considered the frontrunner in the leadership race, may now find his chances of winning diminished in the wake of this controversy. His comments have been widely condemned, even by those who might have supported him previously.
 
UKIP is not the only party to have struggled with how to respond to the threat of terrorism. During the recent general election campaign, both Labour and the Conservatives came under fire for their policies on national security. Some felt that Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn was too willing to compromise with terrorism, while others felt that Prime Minister Theresa May had used the threat of terrorism to push through draconian legislation. Ultimately, May’s campaign suffered when she was criticised for cuts to police numbers during her time as Home Secretary.
 
Woolfe’s comments serve as a reminder that politicians need to be careful about what they say, especially on sensitive issues. Although humour can be an effective way to connect with voters, it can also backfire if it is seen as being insensitive or inappropriate. As the threat of terrorism continues to loom large in the United Kingdom and elsewhere, politicians are being held to a higher standard when it comes to issues of national security and public safety.