article: By . Leon Watson . National Security Agency whistleblower Edward Snowden has revealed secrets about how British spy chiefs listen in on suspected terrorists . Edward . Snowden has revealed so much about how British spies work he has left the UK wide open to ­Al Qaeda attacks, it was reported today. Intelligence chiefs believe terrorists have changed their methods after the whistleblower exposed how GCHQ was listening in on them. Britain's spy bosses have already warned he put agents' lives at risk by passing secrets to Russian president Vladimir Putin in return for sanctuary. But now Government sources say MI5 and . MI6 have lost their digital advantage, which allowed them to detect and . foil terror plots. A senior Whitehall source told the Sunday People: 'Parts of the radar have gone dark and that is very worrying. Snowden has ­committed the worst kind of treachery.' Snowden, . 30, became one of the world’s most wanted men last June when he broke . cover as the civilian CIA worker who stole classified documents from the . U.S. National Security Agency. He . leaked details of attempts by state spy agencies – including Britain’s . GCHQ – to illegally view citizens’ private information. Snowden also claimed internet history, emails, text messages, calls and passwords were harvested. And he made the highly damaging revelation that the U.S. had hacked . Chinese computers and the communications of allies such as Germany and . France. The . defence contractor, who was a computer specialist at an intelligence . centre in Hawaii, tricked colleagues into handing over passwords so he . could copy up to 1.7million files in one of the biggest leaks in U.S. history, on a par with WikiLeaks whistleblower Bradley Manning. Snowden is now stranded in Moscow as a fugitive after America took away his passport. In . the past, GCHQ agents could listen in as terrorists used email, in-game . communication, social networking and chat-rooms to communicate. Spy chiefs say Edward Snowden has left Britain wide open to terrorist attack. Pictured here is the number 30 double-decker bus in Tavistock Square which was destroyed by a terrorist bomb on 7/7 . By analysing their propaganda, travel arrangements, money movements and attempts to ­radicalise individuals, Britain's spooks were able to build up a picture of their activities. But Snowden revealed the UK was monitoring . communications on a vast scale and claimed intelligence agencies were . able to ­'listen' to millions of personal internet messages by using . GCHQ's Tempora programme. Snowden claims he acted after becoming . convinced the US  government’s actions were a ‘threat to democracy’. He . fled to Hong Kong, then Moscow, where he was granted asylum and now . lives in a secret location. Much of the stolen information was revealed by the Guardian newspaper and the Washington Post. But there are mounting suspicions Snowden had been recruited – unwittingly or not – by foreign agents. Intelligence chiefs believe he is now a ‘puppet' passing details of military capabilities, operations and tactics to Putin's henchmen, although he denies taking any classified material to Russia.
highlights: Spy chiefs believe terrorists have changed their methods . It follows the whistleblower revealing intelligence secrets . Sources say MI5 and . MI6 have lost their 'digital advantage' They fear it will be more difficult to detect and foil terror plots .
id: d4884b388b90d1b63fc8ae736e9876848db66cfb
chatgpt: British spy chiefs MI5 and MI6 believe that terrorist groups have changed their tactics following the recent disclosure of intelligence secrets. The revelation by a whistleblower has led to a loss of the agencies' digital advantage, making it more challenging to detect and foil terror plots. Sources close to both agencies revealed that they fear it will be increasingly difficult to monitor and track the activities of extremist groups. The latest terror threat involves the use of encrypted messaging and communication channels, making it all the more difficult for intelligence agents to keep tabs on their activities. The whistleblower's leaks have resulted in terrorists changing their methods of communication and operations. Despite best efforts to stay ahead of the curve, and to encrypt communications to protect against interception, intelligence agencies have been caught off guard. It is not yet clear what the extent of the damage is, but both MI5 and MI6 claim that the leaks have significantly hampered their ability to monitor and monitor terrorist activity. One source revealed that it was a "big blow" for the agencies and "a serious setback" in their fight against terrorism. They added that "the terrorists have changed their methods, which means the agencies need to adapt and change their approach as well." The source added that while the intelligence agencies were "working around the clock" to rectify the situation, it would take some time before they could get back to their previous level of effectiveness. They also revealed that the leaks have had a "demoralizing impact" on the agencies, as they feel that their work has been compromised. Despite the setbacks, both MI5 and MI6 remain committed to their mission of keeping the country safe from terrorist attacks. The agencies are working to develop new strategies and technologies to address the challenges of terrorist communication methods. One senior intelligence officer stated that the agencies were "confident that we can catch up and regain our advantage." They added that "we are always evolving our methods and technologies, and we will find new and better ways of monitoring and tracking terrorists." The UK government has also reiterated its unwavering support for the work of the intelligence agencies. Home Secretary Priti Patel stated that "the UK's security and intelligence agencies work tirelessly to keep all of us safe from harm." She added that the government would continue to provide the necessary resources and support to enable the agencies to carry out their vital work. The latest incidents reveal the challenges faced by intelligence agencies in keeping up with the ever-changing tactics of terrorists. However, the agencies remain determined to adapt and stay ahead in the fight against terrorism.