article: (CNN) -- When Alan Gross reaches his 65th birthday next month, he will tell himself that it will be the last one he spends in a Cuban prison cell, Gross' attorney said Wednesday. "His hunger strike took a toll on him," Gross' attorney Scott Gilbert told CNN during a trip to Havana to visit his client. "He told me yesterday that his birthday that he marks on May 2 would be the last birthday that he marks in Havana." Gross is serving a 15-year sentence for bringing satellite communications equipment to Cuba as part of his work as a subcontractor for the U.S. Agency for International Development. He was convicted in March 2011. U.S. officials said Gross was merely trying to help Cubans bypass the island's stringent restrictions on Internet access. But Cuban authorities say Gross was part of a plot to create "a Cuban spring" and destabilize the island's single-party communist government. "He was sent to Cuba five times on a government mission and on a government mission that was blatantly illegal under Cuba law," Gilbert said. "He was arrested, he was convicted, he was sentenced to 15 years in confinement, and to date, our government has done virtually nothing to obtain his release." Earlier this month, Gross embarked on a nine-day hunger strike after reports surfaced that after his arrest, USAID had tried to create "a Cuban Twitter" using cellphone text messaging services on the island. Cuban officials responded angrily, saying the text-messaging program showed that Washington was still trying to subvert the island's government. While USAID and State Department officials defended the now-inactive program as a way to reach the Cuban people, U.S. Sen. Patrick Leahy said it had put Gross at greater risk. Gross later said he was suspending his hunger strike after his mother pleaded him to begin eating again. Since his arrest, Gross has suffered a slew of health problems, his attorney said, and lost over 100 pounds. "Alan is confined to one room, 23 hours a day, he spends his day there in pajamas, he's fed meals in his room. He's let out for an hour a day, to exercise an hour a day in a small, walled courtyard where you can barely see the sky." Cuban officials have said they want to negotiate Gross' case with representatives of the United States in conjunction with the fates of three Cuban intelligence operatives serving lengthy sentences in U.S. prisons. But U.S. officials have called that effort blackmail and said the cases are separate matters because Gross was not working as a spy in Cuba. The diplomatic impasse is taking its toll on Gross, Gilbert said. "The White House has yet to engage on this issue; we need the president to make this a priority. Without that, Alan will die in Cuba," Gilbert said. Other detained Americans .
highlights: Alan Gross, jailed in Cuba, says his May 2 birthday will be his last in Havana, lawyer says . Gross was convicted for bringing satellite communications to the island for USAID . He launched a hunger strike after details of agency's "Cuban Twitter" plan surfaced . Gross "will die in Cuba" without more effort from U.S. officials, lawyer says .
id: de23c139b5c7d8f65a003706453446822ee907b1
chatgpt: Alan Gross, an American contractor imprisoned in Cuba, has declared that his upcoming birthday on May 2nd will be his last in Havana. The statement was made by his lawyer, who spoke to media after meeting with Gross in his Cuban prison. This news comes after Gross launched a hunger strike in response to revelations about a controversial USAID program known as "Cuban Twitter." Gross was arrested in 2009 and was sentenced to 15 years in prison after being convicted for providing satellite communications equipment to Jewish groups in Cuba. He had been working as a subcontractor for USAID at the time, and was accused of being a spy by Cuban authorities. However, it was not until the "Cuban Twitter" program came to light that Gross decided to take drastic action. The program was designed to create a social network within Cuba that would allow users to share messages and organize events, with the ultimate aim of promoting democracy in the country. However, it was also revealed that the program was partially funded by the US government and had covert goals of destabilizing the Cuban government. Gross was outraged by this news, and decided to go on a hunger strike to protest the actions of USAID. He is reportedly being held in a cell with no windows or natural light, and is suffering from a number of health problems as a result of his protest. His lawyer spoke to the press about the situation, saying that "Alan is in a very desperate and dangerous situation. He is facing chronic health conditions, he is now on a hunger strike, and he feels that his only hope for survival is to be released from prison and allowed to come back to his family in the US." However, the lawyer also expressed frustration with the US government, saying that they had not done enough to secure Gross's release. "The government needs to do more to bring Alan home," he said. "Without more effort from US officials, Alan will die in Cuba." Gross's case has been a point of tension between the US and Cuba for years, with the Cuban government accusing him of being a spy and the US government calling for his release on humanitarian grounds. However, the situation has now become more complicated with the revelation of the "Cuban Twitter" program and Gross's hunger strike. With his birthday looming, Gross is running out of time to secure his release from Cuba. His lawyer has vowed to continue fighting for him, but it remains to be seen whether the US government will take action to bring this long-standing diplomatic issue to a close.