article: Tommy Wright insisted that Dundee United rival Jackie McNamara will not risk fielding wonderkids Ryan Gauld and John Souttar in Saturday’s William Hill Scottish Cup Final. Wright started the cup final mind games by boldly predicting how United will line up and combating claims his St Johnstone side are the more experienced team. Gauld and Souttar have earned rave reviews this season - and plenty of transfer attention - but Wright argued neither youngster has performed well when facing his St Johnstone side. Honour: Tommy Wright's St Johnstone side will face Dundee United in the Scottish Cup final . ‘Dundee United have got experience. In Gavin Gunning, John Rankin, Sean Dillon, Paul Paton,’ Wright said. ‘He (Jackie) won’t play his young players. John Souttar and Ryan Gauld won’t play. Andrew Robertson will be the only player without a lot of experience in his team. ‘Gary Mackay-Steven has a lot of experience and so does Stuart Armstrong. ‘So I don’t buy into that “young and inexperienced” stuff. They’ve got a good team of players who have got experience in the league and we think we’ve got experience and a blend of youth as well that we can call upon.’ Wright is comfortable his team are the underdogs – despite beating their Tayside rivals three times this season in the league. Some of United’s younger players have been outmuscled in those defeats, prompting Wright to add bullishly: ‘I just feel Gauld and Souttar won’t play. Inexperienced: Wright doesn't believe Dundee will field youngsters such as Ryan Gauld, centre . ‘When you look at it, Souttar hasn’t done particularly well against us or Stevie May. I feel he won’t play him. ‘Ryan Dow normally does okay against us so I think he’ll go with Dow in there instead of Gauld and bring him on later.’ Saints will miss Tim Clancy for the final after the full-back ruptured his Achilles tendon. ‘From my point of view it’s disappointing, but for someone to miss out on a cup final this late, I can’t imagine how he’s feeling,’ said Wright. ‘The players will know the team on Friday. I’ll tell the subs on Saturday morning because there’s one or two I’ll probably have to leave out.’ McNamara expects to tell his squad his starting side later on Friday once the fitness of a couple of key players becomes clearer. ‘(Gary) Mackay-Steven and (John) Souttar both didn’t start last week because of the flu,’ he revealed. ‘They trained on Tuesday and still looked a bit tired. They trained yesterday and we will see how they are. ‘I sort of know the team. Certain things have changed over the last couple of weeks. 'I have not entirely picked it yet, there are still one or two positions that we are still looking at.’ Undecided: McNamara says that he hasn't finalised his complete line-up for the final yet .
highlights: St Johnstone boss believes Dundee United will stick to experienced players . Comfortable with underdog tag despite beating opponents three times this season . Dundee United boss Jackie McNamara undecided on line-up .
id: 5e4583bcd62ca5924add8d2494b53603e79d18f9
chatgpt: St Johnstone boss Callum Davidson is gearing up for Saturday's Scottish Cup quarter-final against Dundee United with a sense of quiet confidence. Despite going up against a team that they have already beaten three times this season, he believes that Dundee United will stick to fielding their most experienced players. Davidson said: "We have played them three times this season and come out on top in each of those games, but it's the cup; it's completely different. The one thing about Dundee United is that they have a lot of experienced players in their team, and I think they will go with the side that's played together the most this season." Despite being the underdogs, Davidson is comfortable in his team's ability to deliver under pressure. He added: "It's not like we haven't been in this position before. We know what it's like to be written off and come back fighting. It's a challenge that we're all excited about." Meanwhile, Dundee United boss Jackie McNamara has yet to make a decision on who will make the starting lineup. While he acknowledged that St Johnstone are a "good side," McNamara remains optimistic that his team can triumph over their opponents. He said: "St Johnstone have been playing well this season, but we have a good chance of winning. We've got a decent record in the cup, and we're going into this game with nothing to lose." The match will take place at St Johnstone's McDiarmid Park stadium, with both teams vying for a spot in the semi-finals. The winner of this game will go up against St Mirren, who defeated Kilmarnock 4-0 in their quarter-final match. St Johnstone's recent victories over Dundee United have been hard-fought battles, with each game ending in a 1-0 scoreline. Despite the close results, Davidson is confident that his team will come out on top once again. "We've had some tight games against Dundee United this season, but I think we have what it takes to win this one. Our defence has been solid, and we've got players who can score goals. It'll be a tough match, but we're ready for it." The winner of this match will not only progress to the semi-finals but will also have an opportunity to lift the coveted Scottish Cup trophy. Both St Johnstone and Dundee United have storied histories in the competition, with the Saints winning their first and only Scottish Cup in 2014, while the Terrors have lifted the trophy twice, in 1994 and 2010. Saturday's game promises to be an exciting and hard-fought battle, with both teams aiming to keep their Scottish Cup dreams alive. With uncertain lineups from both sides, the outcome remains anyone's guess. But one thing is for sure: both teams will give it their all in pursuit of glory.