article: Norway could do little to stop Estonia from beating them in Oslo, even after 15-year-old prodigy Martin Odegaard came on as a second-half substitute. The visitors scored the opener through attacking midfielder Konstanin Vassiljev in the 24th minute, and held on to their slender 1-0 lead despite the home side  threatening after the break. Norwegian wonderkid Odegaard could not rescue his team from defeat after coming on with half an hour left, but the youngster was given plenty of time to impress those tracking his every move. VIDEO Scroll down for Sportsmail's International Big Match Stats: Norway vs Estonia . Estonia captain Konstantin Vassiljev (right) celebrates scoring the opener against Norway on Wednesday . Teenager Martin Odegaard takes a corner during Norway's defeat to Estonia . Estonian players Karol Mets (left) and Joal Lindpere (right) go for the ball against Norway's  Havard Nielsen . Norway: Nyland, Elabdellaoui, Nordtveit, Forren, Hogli (Flo, 47), Skjelbred (Samuelsen, 69), Konradsen, Daehli (Odegaard, 57), Johansen (Singh, 77), Elyounoussi, Nielsen (Soderlund, 47) Subs (not used): Jarstein, Hagen, Reginiussen,   Linnes, Gulbrandsen, Helland, Grytebust . Estonia: Aksalu, Teniste, Morozov, Artjunin, Kallaste (Kruglov, 34), Mets, Antonov, Vassiljev (Lindpere, 47), Dmitrijev, Zenjov (Barengrub, 47), Ojamaa (Teever, 82) Subs (not used): Pareiko, Subbotin, Hannes Anier, Vunk, Henri Anier, Jaager, Kams, Londak . Goals: Vassiljev (24) Bookings: Artjunin . Referee: Martin Hansson (Sweden) Odegaard, dubbed the 'Norwegian Messi' by some, recently admitted Liverpool are his 'dream club' ahead of visiting the facilities of the Barclays Premier League club in December. He has already trained with Bundesliga sides Bayern Munich and Stuttgart, met Borussia Dortmund manager Jurgen Klopp and visited La Liga giants Real Madrid. On Wednesday night, Odegaard was given some 30 minutes to make his mark by Per-Mathias Hogmo, though his creative spark was wasted as his team-mates could not find the finishing touch. Odegaard himself had a late chance to equalise after cutting sharply inside, only to see his shot fly over the crossbar. The statistics suggest this match was one-sided. Norway had 15 shots to Estonia's seven, but the visitors never allowed the hosts to get back into the match during a tense second half. Vassiljev's opener was as simple as they come, too, and  Norway goalkeeper Orjan Nyland will feel he could have done far better. Martin Odegaard comes on for Mats Moller Daehli in the second half . Odegaard got half an hour in Oslo to impress Europe's elite clubs on Wednesday night against Estonia . Meeting a cut back pass from the left flank, Estonia's utility player Vassiljev side-footed the ball towards goal, proving too fierce for Nyland between the sticks. Hogmo is now under pressure. His team are currently third in Group H with six points, three behind leaders Croatia and Italy, as they head to Baku to face Azerbaijan on Sunday. With just three points from their opening three games, Estonia are second from bottom in Group E. They travel to play bottom side San Marino, who have yet to score a goal in qualifying, on Saturday.
highlights: Estonia took lead through Konstanin Vassiljev in the 24th minute . Norwegian wonderkid Martin Odegaard came on with half an hour left . The 15-year-old, wanted by Europe's elite clubs, could not rescue the game .
id: 82f1ce5bf0a24cdbaa4896f7f6bd7ba7091d77e8
chatgpt: Estonia took a step closer to qualifying for the Euro 2016 as they beat Norway 1-0 in front of their home fans. Konstanin Vassiljev was the hero for Estonia as he scored the only goal of the game in the 24th minute. Norway tried hard to equalize but could not find a way past the Estonian defense. The match started off in a positive fashion for Estonia as Vassiljev scored the opening goal of the match in the 24th minute with a stunning free-kick from 25 yards out. The ball curled over the Norwegian wall and swerved away from the diving goalkeeper to find the back of the net. Norway tried to get back into the game as they pushed forward, but the Estonian defense was well organized and did not allow them any clear-cut chances. The first half ended with the scoreline reading 1-0 in favor of Estonia. In the second half, Norway made a substitution that was eagerly awaited by their fans. The 15-year-old wonderkid Martin Odegaard came on with half an hour left to play. Odegaard has been in the news recently as he has been linked with some of the top clubs in Europe. Odegaard, who became the youngest player to represent Norway in an international match earlier this year, was expected to make an impact. He showed some neat touches and tried to make things happen, but the Estonian defense proved too tough to break down. Estonia, on the other hand, had a chance to extend their lead but could not take it. Sergei Zenjov had a great opportunity to score in the 68th minute but his shot went wide of the mark. The match ended with a 1-0 victory for Estonia, which takes them to the top of their qualifying group. Norway, on the other hand, will have to regroup as they are now in third place, behind Croatia. The Estonian fans were ecstatic at the final whistle as their team took a step closer to qualifying for the Euro 2016. The players celebrated the victory with the supporters, who cheered them on. Norway, on the other hand, will be disappointed with the result. They had their chances but could not find a way past the Estonian defense. The introduction of Odegaard, however, was a promising sign for the future. The young Norwegian has a bright future ahead of him and is sure to attract more attention from the top clubs in Europe. For now, he will have to wait for his chance as Norway continue their quest for qualification to the Euro 2016.