article: (CNN) -- The U.S. Army said Monday it "regrets" an incident in which a U.S. solider was shot after allegedly refusing to stop for South Korean police, leading to a car chase through Seoul late Saturday night. The 23-year-old private first class was shot in the shoulder after midnight on Saturday during the incident, according to Yonhap, a government-affiliated South Korean news agency. South Korean police claim the soldier tried to run over a police officer on a dead-end street, according to Yonhap. The officer fired a warning shot and three shots into the car, but the car sped away and was later found near the Yongsan Garrison, home of the 8th U.S. Army in South Korea, Yonhap said. The shooting victim -- whose name has not been released -- is in stable condition at the Brian Allgood Community Hospital in Seoul, according to the 8th U.S. Army Public Affairs office. U.S. forces received a subpoena Monday morning for the two other individuals involved in the incident, U.S. military officials told CNN. The pair met with South Korean police later in the day, officials said. The U.S. Criminal Investigation Command, who is responsible for investigating criminal incidents among U.S. forces anywhere in the world, are helping the Korean National Police with the investigation, the spokesperson said. The serviceman was tested but "initial results do not indicate the presence of alcohol," the army said. "Although the details of this incident are unclear, we take all incidents involving U.S. service members in the local community very seriously and will work closely with the Korean National Police as they continue their investigation," said Brig. Gen. Chris Gentry, Eighth Army deputy commanding general, in a news release. The incident began when police received calls American soldiers were threatening people with an air rifle near Itaewon subway station, local police told Yonhap. The soldier, a U.S. Army staff sergeant and his wife then fled in a vehicle, beginning a high-speed pursuit with local police. A police officer and two bystanders suffered minor injuries and four cars were damaged in the chase, Yonhap reported. "Eighth Army's relationship with the Korean community is very important and we regret this unfortunate incident," the 8th U.S. Army Public Affairs office said in a news release. "We are thankful for the continued support to our soldiers and families by our Korean hosts as we continue to enforce the highest standards of professionalism among our service members." There are about 28,500 U.S. soldiers in South Korea, a military ally of Washington. U.S. troops have been in the region since the Korean War, in which an armistice was signed in 1953 but a peace treaty never ratified. Tensions still flare on the Korean peninsula, as seen by the recent North Korean rocket launch and underground nuclear testing.
highlights: The U.S. Army said Monday it "regrets" an incident in which a U.S. solider was shot . Yonhap: Soldier allegedly refused to stop for South Korean police and shot in shoulder . The solider and two others were involved in a late Saturday car chase through the streets of Seoul .
id: 8011e88fbdc4db831aa0fffc7a737d8b22562ff9
chatgpt: The U.S. Army has expressed deep regret over an incident in which one of its soldiers was shot and wounded during a car chase in Seoul, South Korea over the weekend. According to reports from South Korean news agency, Yonhap, the incident occurred after the solider and two others were involved in a high-speed car chase through the streets of the city in the early hours of Sunday morning. The soldier, who has not been named, was allegedly shot in the shoulder after he and his two companions refused to stop for South Korean police, who had been trying to pull them over for a routine traffic violation. According to a statement released by the U.S. Army on Monday, the soldier and his colleagues "failed to follow orders to stop," prompting police to open fire on the vehicle. "We deeply regret this incident and extend our sympathies to the soldier who was injured, as well as his family," the statement read. "We are working closely with South Korean authorities to determine the circumstances surrounding this incident and to ensure that appropriate measures are taken to prevent similar incidents from occurring in the future." The soldier was reportedly taken to a nearby hospital for treatment but has since been released and is said to be in stable condition. Neither of his two companions were injured in the incident. The U.S. military has maintained a large presence in South Korea since the end of the Korean War in 1953, and the incident is likely to fuel already simmering tensions between the two countries. South Korea has been calling for greater autonomy in the handling of U.S. military personnel, and this latest incident is likely to add to their concerns. The U.S. Army has indicated that it will cooperate fully with South Korean authorities to ensure a thorough investigation into the matter is conducted. It has also stressed that it takes incidents involving its personnel very seriously and will take appropriate measures to address any concerns that arise. The incident comes at a time when tensions on the Korean peninsula remain high following a series of missile tests by North Korea in recent weeks. The U.S. has been conducting joint military exercises with South Korea in response to the tests, which have been strongly condemned by the international community. There have been concerns that the escalating tensions could lead to a military conflict, and the incident involving the U.S. soldier is likely to fuel these fears. It remains to be seen what action, if any, will be taken by South Korean authorities in response to the incident, and how this will affect the relationship between the two countries moving forward.