article: The sport of darts is probably undergoing its biggest transformation at the elite level in more than two decades. Yet one thing always seems to be constant: Phil ‘The Power’ Taylor remaining in the hunt for the world crown. The 2015 William Hill PDC world darts championship, which reaches the quarter-final stage on Thursday evening, could mark the watershed moment that England’s dominance of the arrows comes to an end. Of the eight quarter-finalists, only two — Taylor and reigning BDO world champion Stephen Bunting — are English. The remaining six consist of three Dutchmen, including defending champion Michael van Gerwen, and three Scots. Phil 'The Power' Taylor is one of just two English players who have made the World Championship last eight . Taylor flashes a broad smile as he walks onto the oche at the Alexandra Palace to face Kim Huybrechts . A changing of the guard seems to be underway. To put this all into context, this is the fewest number of Englishmen since three made the last eight in 2009. Between 1998-2000 and 2004-06, the last eight comprised completely of home-grown throwers. One man who has been there throughout — and still continues to deliver — is Taylor, who plays Dutchman Vincent van der Voort on Friday evening in his record 20th quarter-final appearance at the PDC worlds. The 16-time world champion, who survived a tough third-round examination by Belgian Kim Huybrechts on Tuesday, reckons he enters the New Year, at 54 years old, playing as good as ever. ‘The experience I have, the talent I have, I’m only going to get better,’ he said. ‘I’m practising better, I’m improving, my darts are better and I’m going to get better — trust me. Dutchman Vincent van der Voort is Taylor's next opponent in the quarter-finals . Stephen Bunting, the reigning BDO world champion, is the only other Englishman in the last eight . 'I’m not going to bow down to anybody. I mean that in all sincerity. I’m improving. Age will not weary me — not for the next three years anyway. ‘The standards are now are higher compared to 10 years ago. Players are hungrier, more aggressive. I’ve had to adapt. These young kids are playing week-in, week-out. They have so much energy, pounding away, they don’t fear anyone. ‘My victory over Kim was massive. That could win me the world championship — the rest of the field will be going “oh s***” because I’m still in.’ No 1 seed Van Gerwen plays Robert Thornton in the last eight on Thursday night. Then, there is a belated Hogmanay present as two popular Scots, Peter Wright and Gary Anderson, take to the Ally Pally oche. Michael van Gerwen, of Holland, is the favourite to retain his World Championship crown .
highlights: The PDC World Darts Championship has reached the quarter-final stage . Only two English players - Phil Taylor and Stephen Bunting - remain . There are three Dutchmen and three Scots in Alexandra Palace last eight . Taylor is making his 20th appearance in the World Champs quarters . 'I'm not going to bow down to anybody,' insists bullish Taylor .
id: d59123cb4a132fb6846dce98e3c80b160b712565
chatgpt: The PDC World Darts Championship has entered the quarter-final stage, with just two English players left in the competition. Phil Taylor and Stephen Bunting are flying the flag for England, while the rest of the last eight is split evenly between three Dutchmen and three Scots at Alexandra Palace. Taylor, who is making his 20th appearance in the World Champs quarters, is showing no signs of slowing down. The 16-time world champion, who is playing in his final professional tournament, is determined to end his career on a high by claiming his 17th world title. "I'm not going to bow down to anybody," said a bullish Taylor after his victory over Keegan Brown in the third round. "I've got to play my own game and not worry about anybody else. It's going to be tough, but I'm looking forward to it." The 57-year-old darts legend faces a tough test in the quarter-finals, where he is set to face the number three seed, Daryl Gurney. The Northern Irishman has been in fine form so far in the tournament, winning all three of his matches without dropping a set. Meanwhile, Stephen Bunting will take on Scotland's Gary Anderson in the quarter-finals. The 32-year-old from St Helens has been in impressive form throughout the tournament, knocking out Dutchman Dimitri Van den Bergh in the third round. Bunting will be hoping to replicate his performance from the 2014 World Championships, where he reached the semi-finals before losing to Taylor. "I'm feeling good and I'm playing well," said Bunting. "It's going to be tough against Gary, but I'm up for the challenge." The other quarter-final matchups see two-time world champion Michael van Gerwen take on fellow Dutchman Raymond van Barneveld, while Scotland's Peter Wright faces off against another Dutchman, the exciting young talent Jeffrey de Zwaan. Van Gerwen, who is the overwhelming favorite to win the tournament, has been in fine form so far, dropping just one set in his three matches. The world number one will be looking to claim his third World Championship title and cement his place as the dominant force in world darts. The quarter-finals promise to be a thrilling affair, with the world's best darts players vying for a place in the semi-finals. With just six players left in this year's tournament, the stakes are high and the pressure is on as they battle it out for the elusive world title.