article: The only son of Marion Barry, a former Washington mayor who once left office in disgrace after being caught smoking crack cocaine, is seeking his late father's seat on the D.C. Council. Marion Christopher Barry, 34, picked up nominating petitions Monday at the District of Columbia Board of Elections. His father suffered a fatal cardiac arrest last November aged 78. The son, who currently runs a small construction company, becomes one of 23 candidates bidding to make the ballot for an April special election for the council seat. Keeping it in the family: Christopher Barry (right), the only son of Marion Barry (left), is seeking his late father's seat on the D.C. Council . The elder Barry represented Ward 8 - the poorest section of the nation's capital - for the last ten years of his life. He remained beloved by many though his citywide popularity never fully recovered after 1990 when he was videotaped in an FBI sting taking drags from a crack pipe and arrested on drug charges. His son, who goes by the name Christopher, has had his own run-ins with the law. The younger Barry has been arrested three times on drug and traffic charges, most recently last July, when he was jailed after he was caught driving on a revoked license. He pleaded guilty to that charge in December and is currently serving nine months' probation and undergoing drug and alcohol treatment. 'That's definitely all behind me. Like most young people, I've gone through my phases and experimented in drugs. 'I paid a great price for that and I've learned from my mistakes,' Barry said. Like father, like son: The younger Barry says that he's always had political ambitions even though he hasn't discussed them publicly . On the wrong side of the law: The younger Barry has been arrested three times on drug and traffic charges, most recently last July, when he was jailed after he was caught driving on a revoked license . 'I feel as though that experience has made me more qualified to help people who have gone through rough times in life.' Barry has worked as a subcontractor on numerous city government projects, including school construction, through his building business. He said in an interview that he's always had political ambitions even though he hasn't discussed them publicly. He said his father urged him to run for the seat one day. 'I always admired him, not just as my father but who he was as a leader, and I always took notes when I was around him,' Barry said. 'I've been living this for 34 years. It's really a part of my life.' He has filed as a candidate under the name Marion C. Barry.
highlights: Marion Barry suffered a fatal cardiac arrest last November aged 78 . He remained beloved by many though his popularity never fully recovered after 1990 when he was videotaped smoking crack cocaine . His son, Marion Christopher Barry, 34, is now running for his vacant DC Council seat which represents the poorest section of the nation's capital . The younger Barry says he's always had political ambitions . He currently runs a small construction business . He has also had run-ins with the law and has been arrested three times on drug and traffic charges .
id: 028b6fcbe9a18ddc7b9bcc352c4b3d3ceae657c6
chatgpt: Marion Barry's son, Marion Christopher Barry, has announced that he will run for his father's vacant DC Council seat in the poorest section of the nation's capital. His father, who suffered a fatal cardiac arrest last November aged 78, was a controversial figure in DC politics, beloved by many but never fully recovering his popularity after he was videotaped smoking crack cocaine in 1990. The younger Barry, 34, says that he has always had political ambitions and is now stepping up to continue his father's legacy. He currently runs a small construction business but believes that he can make a real difference in the DC community. "I believe that I have a lot to offer the people of DC, especially the poorest among us," he said in a press conference announcing his candidacy. However, some have expressed concern about Barry's past run-ins with the law. He has been arrested three times on drug and traffic charges, which some say could be a liability in his campaign. "It's definitely a concern," says political analyst Lisa Slater. "But ultimately it will be up to the voters to decide if they trust him enough to represent them in office." Despite these concerns, many supporters of the Barry family are rallying behind Marion Christopher Barry. "He's a chip off the old block," says longtime family friend and political activist Karen Brown. "He's got the same fighting spirit as his father, and he's not afraid to stand up for what he believes in." Many see Marion Christopher Barry's campaign as an opportunity to continue the important work his father started in DC politics. The elder Barry was a strong advocate for the city's poorest residents, using his position as mayor to create jobs, improve education, and combat poverty. His son has pledged to carry on this legacy, promising to fight for affordable housing, better schools, and more job opportunities. The campaign for Marion Christopher Barry's DC Council seat is expected to be closely watched by political observers around the country. It will be a closely contested race, with several other candidates already throwing their hats in the ring. But for supporters of the Barry family, there is no doubt that Marion Christopher Barry is the one who can best continue his father's legacy and fight for the city's most vulnerable residents. As the campaign heats up, all eyes will be on Marion Christopher Barry and his ability to win over voters and overcome any concerns about his past. But with his passion, determination, and commitment to the people of DC, many believe that he has what it takes to succeed and make a real difference in the lives of his constituents.