article: Abbey Crouch has been announced as the model who will close the Fashion for The Brave Gala catwalk this year, in an original design by fashion icon Julien McDonald. The British fashion star will follow in the footsteps of designers such as Vivienne Westwood and Jasper Conran who have produced amazing dresses for the gala in previous years. Abbey, who has been wowing the judges on BBC’s Strictly Come Dancing, will close the show in McDonald’s daring sequined design. The design will feature tiny Union Jacks, which will create a sparkling iridescent pattern with risque nude sheer panelling at the sides . Julian (left) and Abbey (pictured right with partner Aljaz Skorjanec), were competitors on Strictly Come Dancing until Julian was voted off the show two weeks ago . The model is no stranger to Julien's daring designs - she was photographed at the Attitude awards last month in a very sexy black dress with sheer panels. Every year a celebrated designer creates a spectacular one-of-a-kind patriotic dress for a model personality to showcase at the Fashion for The Brave Gala. It seems Julien, who was also a contestant on this year’s Strictly, seems to have taken inspiration from the show's infamous dazzling costumes. The bubbly Welshman found himself the third celebrity to be voted off the hit show two weeks ago, but obviously bears no grudge against his former competitor Abbey. The gown Abbey will wear is a red, blue and white floor length bodycon dress. Tiny Union Jacks create a sparkling iridescent pattern with nude sheer panelling at the sides to create a risque barely-there feel. The glitzy dress will no doubt impress the crowds at the gala, which is expected to be attended by its royal patron, HRH Princess Beatrice. The gala and the fashion show, which has being organised by Hilary Alexander OBE and Lesley Goring, will be held at the Dorchester Hotel on November 8. Abbey Crouch (left) will model the design by Julien McDonald (pictured right with Melissa Odabash) at the gala at the Dorchester Hotel which will raise money for military charities . In 2010 violinist Linzi Stoppard modelled a Jasper Conran Union Jack gown . An auction will also be held at the glamorous event to raise money for the charities. This year Fashion for The Brave Gala is supporting the Household Cavalry Foundation and Soldiering On. The Household Cavalry is made up of Britain’s two most senior Regiments, The Life Guards and The Blues and Royals. The Household Cavalry Foundation cares for the casualties, serving soldiers, veterans, horses and heritage of the Household Cavalry. The Soldiering On Through Life Trust recognise outstanding achievements of teams or individuals from within the Armed Forces and raise sustainable funds for the military charities which support injured Service personnel and their families throughout life.
highlights: Fashion for the Brave Gala held to raise funds for military charities . Event involves a auction, gala dinner and catwalk . Each year a famed designer creates a patriotic dress for finale . This year McDonald's sequined dress to be modelled by Abbey Clancy . Until recently pair were competing against each other on BBC's Strictly .
id: 7bec6805a402a17d07bb2aaecf512c4dc29dbdb0
chatgpt: Last night, the Fashion for the Brave Gala was held in aid of military charities, hosting a series of events such as auctions, a gala dinner, and a stunning catwalk. Each year, a renowned designer creates a patriotic dress to be showcased during the finale. This year, attendees were in awe as they caught a glimpse of the breathtaking sequined dress created by McDonald, a designer famed for their unique sense of style. The dress was modelled by none other than Abbey Clancy. Up until recently, the pair was competing against each other on the hit BBC show, Strictly Come Dancing. The Fashion for the Brave Gala was founded in 2012 as a way to show support and raise funds for military charities like the Household Cavalry Foundation, the British Army Benevolent Fund, and the Royal Navy and Royal Marines Children's Fund. The event has grown significantly over the years and has become a must-attend event for anyone who is passionately committed to supporting our military. The night was filled with glitz and glamour, providing attendees with a great opportunity to socialize and bid on a variety of luxury items in the auction, which saw some outstanding donations from generous sponsors like Jaguar and Montblanc. The proceeds from the auction and the other events of the night will be donated to support the noble causes. As the evening drew to a close, all eyes were on the final dress of the night. The spectacular creation by McDonald was magnificent in every way, adorned with shimmering sequins and a graceful cut. The model, Abbey Clancy, looked absolutely stunning in this masterpiece, showing off her figure and graceful stride with absolute poise. When asked about her experience modelling such a gorgeous piece, Abbey said, “I loved working with McDonald’s designs, as they have a unique style and sense of beauty that sets them apart. The dress was simply glorious, and I was thrilled to be able to show it off for such a worthy cause.” Fashion for the Brave has been going strong for years, and it is a testament to both the compassion of the designers who participate and the dedication of the attendees who come out to donate their time and money to these great charities. The night was a smashing success and showcased the best of the British spirit in support of our military heroes. We cannot wait to see what next year’s gala will bring.