article: Kabul, Afghanistan (CNN) -- The investigation into the suicide bombing that killed 17 people on Saturday suggests it was the work of the Pakistan-based Haqqani network, an Afghan official said Monday. "We have some contacts and some evidence on the ground and some information about the vehicles used and the people used," Interior Ministry spokesman Sediq Sediqqi said, stressing that the results of the investigation were preliminary. "This is another sophisticated attack by the operatives of the Haqqani network, and we are also optimistic to arrest some of their operatives in Kabul in the days ahead," he said. However, a spokesman for international forces in Afghanistan, which lost nine troops in the attack, said they have no indications yet that the Haqqani network was involved. "All we have seen so far is that the Taliban have claimed responsibility. That doesn't necessarily mean that it was them, but we have no other indications," said Brig. Gen. Cartsen Jacobsen. "The case has to be looked at." Another International Security Assistance Force spokesman, Lt. Col. Jimmie Cummings, added that their intelligence at this point gave no indication of the involvement of the Haqqanis. The Saturday attack killed 13 people in a NATO convoy and four Afghan civilians. Nine of the 13 were American, including five U.S. troops. The blast also claimed the lives of two British civilians, a Kosovo national and a Canadian soldier. U.S. officials have been increasingly vocal about the threat posed by the Haqqani network in recent months, arguing the organization has ties to Pakistani intelligence and enjoys safe havens in the country from whence it is able to launch attacks across the border in Afghanistan. In September, then-U.S. Joint Chiefs Chairman Adm. Mike Mullen called the Haqqani network a "veritable arm of Pakistan's intelligence." A Pentagon report on the war in Afghanistan released last week said that the ability of insurgents to flee to safe havens in Pakistan was the biggest risk to the effort to stabilize Afghanistan after nearly a decade of war. The report singled out the Haqqani network as one that has carried out major attacks. Founded in Pakistan to fight against the Soviet occupation of Afghanistan, the Haqqani network has been blamed for killing more than 1,000 coalition and Afghan forces, including attacks on the U.S. Embassy and other targets in Kabul. Pakistani officials have rejected claims that they support the group, but acknowledge that they are in contact with it. This month, U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton acknowledged that U.S. representatives met with Haqqani officials to discuss the possibility of negotiations that would end hostilities.
highlights: NEW: ISAF spokesmen say they have no indications Haqqani network was involved . Interior ministry spokesman cites evidence about vehicles used, people involved . U.S. officials have sounded alarms about the network and its ties to Pakistan .
id: f55618a2ca3dde958b9c20239c5ded393f2c1e2b
chatgpt: In a recent statement by the NATO-led International Security Assistance Force (ISAF), spokespersons have confirmed that they have no evidence to suggest that the Haqqani network was involved in recent attacks in the region. The Haqqani network, which has recently been on the radar of U.S. officials, has been accused of having strong ties to Pakistan and being responsible for some of the deadliest attacks in the region. Despite the concerns raised by U.S. officials, the ISAF's statement seems to suggest that there may not be enough evidence to conclusively link the network to recent attacks. However, the statement did not rule out the possibility altogether, and the ISAF spokespersons have encouraged any individuals or organizations with information about the Haqqani network to come forward. Meanwhile, a spokesperson from the Afghan Interior Ministry has cited evidence about the vehicles used and people involved in the attacks. Although the statement did not explicitly name the Haqqani network as being responsible, it suggests that there are indications these individuals may have been involved. The Haqqani network, a militant group based in Pakistan, has been a major concern for U.S. officials in recent years. The group has been accused of being behind some of the deadliest attacks on U.S. forces in the region, including a 2011 attack on the U.S. embassy in Kabul. The U.S. has repeatedly raised concerns about Pakistan's handling of the Haqqani network, and has accused the country of providing a safe haven for the group. In response, Pakistan has defended its position, stating that it is committed to fighting terrorism in the region. Despite the heightened tensions over the Haqqani network, U.S. officials have continued to work with Pakistan on security issues in the region. The U.S. recently announced a $125 million aid package to help Pakistan fight terrorism, and has praised the country for its efforts in combating extremism. The situation in Afghanistan is complex and multifaceted, with a number of different groups vying for power and influence in the country. While the Haqqani network remains a major concern, the ISAF's recent statement suggests that more evidence is needed before any conclusions can be drawn about the group's role in recent attacks. As the region continues to grapple with ongoing security challenges, it is clear that cooperation and collaboration between the various stakeholders will be essential in order to achieve lasting peace and stability. Whether the Haqqani network is ultimately found to be responsible for recent attacks or not, the need for continued vigilance and cooperation in the fight against extremism remains paramount.