article: By . Helen Pow . A homophobic family in New Jersey has refused to tip a gay marine-turned-waitress, scrawling on the check that they 'do not agree with her lifestyle.' Dayna Morales said she was offended and hurt by how the couple, with two small children, treated her while she served them at Gallop Asian Bistro in Bridgewater Wednesday. She sent the receipt to Have A Gay Day and the LGBT Facebook Group posted it online, where it has since garnered hundreds of supportive comments. Disgusting: A homophobic family in New Jersey has refused to tip a gay marine-turned-waitress, scrawling on the check, pictured, that they 'do not agree with her lifestyle' Morales said the judgement began as soon as she introduced herself to the family. The mother, shocked by her short hair, allegedly exclaimed, 'Oh, I thought you were gonna say your name is Dan! You sure surprised us!' But it got worse when, after the family had paid the $93.55 check, she discovered they had left a note on the receipt. 'Sorry, I cannot tip because I do not agree with your lifestyle and the way you live your life,' the comment read. In an email, Morales said she was upset she'd served in the marines to protect such ignorant Americans and was concerned about the example the couple were setting for their children. 'Never in a million years did I think this would happen,' she told Have A Gay Day. Upset: Dayna Morales, pictured left while a marine and right, said she was offended and hurt by how the couple, with two small children, treated her while she served them at Gallop Asian Bistro in Breakwater Wednesday . 'I am THOROUGHLY offended, mad, p***ed off and hurt that THIS is what her kids will grow up learning and that I served in the Marines to keep ignorant people like them free. 'Sorry lady but I don't agree with YOUR lifestyle and the way you're raising your kids but you didn't see me throwing that in your face and giving you shitty service.' Morales' story was met with an outpouring of support online, with a heterosexual Facebook user commenting, 'as a member of the heterosexual community, I beg your forgiveness for these ignorant people' and another wrote 'I hope those parents get publicly humiliated enough to never leave their house again! I feel sorry for their kids.' Morales later responded that it took every fiber of her being not to spit in the couple's food, but her faith in humanity was now restored. 'You all have put the BIGGEST smile on my face tonight and made me realize that there are more good people in the world than bad,' she wrote.
highlights: Dayna Morales said she was hurt by how the couple, with two small children, treated her at Gallop Asian Bistro in Bridgewater, New Jersey . She sent the receipt to Have A Gay Day and LGBT Facebook Group posted it online, where it has since garnered hundreds of supportive comments . After commenting on her short hair, the mother wrote on the $93.55 check, 'Sorry, I cannot tip because I do not agree with your lifestyle and the way you live your life'
id: 48d030ec71b716e7c4c78a286cfe20a4d98cae9d
chatgpt: Dayna Morales, a waitress at Gallop Asian Bistro in Bridgewater, New Jersey, has spoken out about a customer who left a discriminatory message on her receipt. The customer, a couple with two small children, left no tip on their $93.55 bill and wrote a note on the receipt that read, "Sorry, I cannot tip because I do not agree with your lifestyle and the way you live your life."  Morales, who is openly gay, told NBC New York that she was hurt by the couple's behavior. She said that the mother commented on her short hair, which Morales had recently cut to donate to Locks of Love, a non-profit that provides wigs to children with cancer. Morales said that she didn't know how to react to the insult and just walked away. The incident didn't end there though. Morales shared an image of the receipt on her Facebook page, which was then shared by a LGBT advocacy group called Have A Gay Day. The image quickly went viral, with hundreds of people leaving supportive comments for Morales. Some people even took action and began to mail tips to the restaurant for Morales. The restaurant's owner, Bobby Fonseca, said that they received over 30 envelopes with cash for Morales, totaling over $2,000. Fonseca said that he had never seen anything like it in his 40 years in the restaurant industry. Morales said that the support she received was overwhelming and that she was grateful for all of the kindness shown to her. She said that she hoped that the incident would raise awareness about discrimination and that it would inspire people to be more accepting of others. The couple in question has not been identified, and it is unclear whether any legal action will be taken against them. It is also unclear whether the restaurant will take any action against the couple, although Fonseca said that he stands by his employee and that he does not tolerate discrimination of any kind. This incident is just one example of the discrimination that members of the LGBT community face on a daily basis. According to a report by the Human Rights Campaign, 62% of LGBT individuals in the US have experienced discrimination in some form. This includes being refused service at a restaurant, being harassed or threatened, or being fired from a job. While incidents like this can be hurtful and upsetting, they also highlight the importance of standing up against discrimination and supporting those who have been affected by it. As Morales has shown, sometimes a small act of kindness can make a big difference.