article: (CNN)Georgia has its first confirmed case of measles since 2012, the state's Health Department said Monday. "The infected infant arrived in Atlanta from outside of the U.S. and is being cared for at Egleston at Children's Healthcare of Atlanta," the Georgia Department of Public Health said in a statement. Health officials are working with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention "to identify anyone who may have been exposed to the patient and to prevent further spread of measles," the statement said. Measles is a serious and highly contagious respiratory disease that spreads when a person breathes, coughs or sneezes and droplets travel through the air. The disease is especially dangerous for infants, who cannot receive vaccines until they are at least 6 months old. Young children are also particularly vulnerable in cases in which they have received only one dose of measles vaccine. Symptoms include fever, cough, runny nose and red eyes, tiny white spots on the inner lining of the cheek and a rash with tiny red spots that starts at the head and spreads. Though there's no cure for measles, it can be prevented with the MMR vaccine, which is 97% effective, according to medical professionals. "Keeping immunization levels high is critical to preventing outbreaks or sustained transmission in Georgia," said Dr. Brenda Fitzgerald, commissioner of the Georgia Department of Public Health. "More than 98 percent of children heading into kindergarten in our state have received all school required vaccines, which includes two doses of measles vaccine." Measles was declared eliminated in the United States in 2000, but a recent outbreak has been traced to Disneyland in California. As of February 6, there are 121 cases of measles in 17 states and Washington, D.C., the CDC said. There are 88 cases in California, and 103 cases nationwide are linked to the Disneyland outbreak. The state with the second-highest number of measles cases is Arizona, which has seven, the CDC reports. Illinois has three, and Washington has four. The other places reporting one or more cases are Colorado, Delaware, the District of Columbia, Michigan, Minnesota, Nebraska, Nevada, New Jersey, New York, Oregon, Pennsylvania, South Dakota, Texas and Utah. The Georgia case is unrelated to the recent California outbreak, the Georgia Health Department said Monday. CNN's Glen Dacy and Jason Hanna contributed to this report.
highlights: "The infected infant arrived in Atlanta from outside of the U.S.," the Georgia Department of Health reports . Health officials are seeking possible exposures and aim to prevent the disease's spread, it says . It's Georgia's first confirmed measles case since 2012 .
id: d043b79449ca1710691752843043b4f2814e6cbf
chatgpt: The Georgia Department of Health has reported the state's first confirmed case of measles since 2012. Officials state that the infected individual is an infant who arrived in Atlanta from outside of the United States.  According to the state's health officials, they are actively seeking any possible exposures and taking measures to prevent the spread of the disease. The rapid response from health officials is part of a wider effort to contain the outbreak and prevent it from spreading further. One possibility being considered by health officials is that the infant could have exposed others to the virus while traveling. Measles, a highly contagious viral disease, can spread through the air by coughing and sneezing. Symptoms of the disease include fever, cough, and a rash that can cover the entire body. While often considered a childhood illness, measles can be a serious illness for both children and adults. Vaccination is the best way to prevent the spread of measles. The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) recommends that children receive two doses of the measles, mumps, and rubella (MMR) vaccine, with the first dose given at 12-15 months of age, and the second dose given between the ages of 4-6 years.  Despite the high efficacy of the MMR vaccine, there have been growing concerns about declining vaccination rates in several states across the U.S. During 2019 alone, more than 1,200 cases of measles were reported in the U.S, which officials say is the highest number in a single year since 1992. While there have been no further reports of measles cases in Georgia, health officials continue to be vigilant and have urged the public to take necessary precautions to help prevent the spread of measles. Some measures that individuals can take to help prevent the spread of the disease include covering your mouth and nose when coughing or sneezing, staying at home if sick, washing your hands regularly, and getting vaccinated. As the number of measles cases continues to grow across the country, health officials are urging individuals to take measures to help prevent the spread of the disease. With the vaccination rate declining, officials say it's more important than ever for individuals to take responsibility for their health and the health of those around them.