article: (CNN) -- Dani Pedrosa took his first Moto GP win of the season after teammate Casey Stoner crashed on the final lap at the German MotoGP. Defending world champion Stoner was battling with his Repsol Honda colleague Pedrosa at the Sachsenring before sliding off his bike prior to the final few corners. The Australian's error handed Jorge Lorenzo second place and means he now leads the world championship standings by 16 points from Pedrosa. Stoner slipped to third and was distraught to have thrown away a winning position. He told the BBC: "I'm pretty disappointed, I had planned to go for my 'win or bin' effort in the last corner not that one! "I felt confident but as soon as I tried to turn in a little more, the front went. I was already off the brakes and not in the hard braking area, as soon as I eased of the brakes I guess the weight came off the front and down I went. "I'm frustrated I wasn't allowed to get up and try and score some points, the bike was perfect, but the marshals pushed me away. "If we can continue this momentum for the rest of the season then we shouldn't be so worried for the championship." It was Pedrosa's third consecutive German MotoGP victory and he was quickest off the blocks, beating Stoner, who started on pole, to the first corner from third spot. Stoner did reclaim the lead by the end of the opening lap and as the race went on, the pair pulled away from Lorenzo who was a full eight seconds back. But Stoner lost his front wheel going into to one of the final turns and ended up unhurt on the gravel, ensuring a smooth last few corners for Pedrosa. After the race the Spaniard told reporters: "At the start I wasn't comfortable because of changes to my bike. As I became used to all the changes I passed Casey, and was feeling good. "Towards the end I had to fight for the win, on the last lap I was racing at my maximum." The next race on the MotoGP calendar takes place in Italy on July 15. MotoGP standings: . 1. Jorge Lorenzo (Spa) Yamaha 160 points . 2. Dani Pedrosa (Spa) Honda 146 points . 3. Casey Stoner (Aus) Honda 140 points . 4. Andrea Dovizioso (Ita) Yamaha 92 points . 5. Cal Crutchlow (GBR) Yamaha 85 points .
highlights: Dani Pedrosa takes his first Moto GP win of the season in Germany . Defending world champion Casey Stoner crashes out on final lap . Jorge Lorenzo finishes second and leads championship by 14 points .
id: 65b13d006da525ef2613d77790ed8a34511ebaca
chatgpt: Dani Pedrosa has won his first Moto GP race of the season on Sunday, beating his rivals at the German GP. Pedrosa dominated the race and took the lead from Casey Stoner in the third lap. Stoner, who is the defending world champion, tried to make a comeback from third place but crashed out on the final lap of the race.  Stoner's crash brought an end to his hopes of a podium finish, but it opened the door for other riders to move up the leaderboard. Jorge Lorenzo, Pedrosa's teammate and current championship leader, seized the opportunity and finished second in the race.  Lorenzo now holds a 14-point lead over Pedrosa in the championship standings. Despite finishing second, Lorenzo was pleased with his performance. He said, "When I saw Casey go down I just tried to concentrate on my pace and not make any mistakes. We are still leading the championship and that is the most important thing." Pedrosa, on the other hand, was ecstatic with his victory. He was over the moon after the race and expressed his joy saying, "I am very happy to win in Germany, the team did a great job, and I am delighted with the result." The Spaniard had struggled in the first half of the season, but he seems to have found his form now. Pedrosa's victory was not only his first win of the season but also his first-ever victory at Sachsenring circuit, which is one of the tightest and most technical circuits on the calendar. Pedrosa's win was not only impressive in terms of his battle with Stoner, but also with the way he managed the race. He preserved his tires throughout the race and was able to maintain his pace in the closing stages. The German Grand Prix also saw Valentino Rossi make his best appearance of the season, finishing in fourth place. Rossi had a good start to the race and was battling for the podium positions, but he could not match the pace of the leading riders in the latter stages. The race was also marked by the absence of Ben Spies, who withdrew from the race due to a shoulder injury. Spies' absence left his team, Yamaha, with only one rider, Lorenzo, on the grid. Overall, it was a thrilling race that saw Pedrosa taking the top spot on the podium for the first time this season. With Stoner's crash and Lorenzo finishing second, it's all to play for in the championship standings, and we can expect more exciting races in the coming weeks.