article: By . Fiona Macrae Science Correspondent . and Richard Spillett . They are famed for making his nose grow - but Pinocchio’s lies could have been fatal, according to new research. Scientists say the wooden puppet could only have told 13 fibs before his nose became so long and heavy that his neck snapped. In a bit of fun research, Steffan Llewllyn, of Leicester University, began by estimating the dimensions and properties of Pinocchio’s head. The story of Pinocchio became a huge hit when it was made into a popular Disney film in 1940, but scientists say the puppet would not have been able to tell any more than 13 lies . He then estimated that carved from oak, it would have weighed just over 9lb, with a nose an inch in length. If the nose doubled in length which each lie, the thirteenth would have put such a strain on his neck that it would have broken. The researcher said he realised that the ability of Pinocchio's nose to grow was 'extraordinary'. He added: 'Nevertheless, this unique ability can be of great concern for the puppet, and lengthy, extensive lies are advised against, for the health and wellbeing of Pinocchio.' The analysis of the children’s favourite by Carlo Collodi is detailed in the Journal of Interdisciplinary Science Topics which showcases fun but accurate science done by students. Carlo Collodi, Pinocchio's creator, has had the science behind his famous character tested by scientists . The researcher's theory was not tested in the popular tale, as in the original story, written by the Italian author in 1883, the puppet only told three lies. The study is the latest report to examine the myths and science behind popular cartoons and fairytales. Last year, researchers claimed that the  legendary strengthening effect that eating spinach had on cartoon character Popeye was born out of a mathmatical mistake by a German scientist. In 1870, German chemist Erich von Wolf was researching the amount of iron in spinach and other green vegetables. When writing up his findings in a new notebook, he misplaced a decimal point, making the iron content in spinach ten times more generous than in reality. The story goes that cartoon creators were aware of the supposedly miraculous health properties of spinach spread by the erroneous research and had the idea that Popeye should eat spinach to increase his strength.
highlights: Scientists have tested how long the character's nose could have grown . Experts at Leicester University worked out the weight each lie would add . They calculated the strain on his neck, assuming he was made from oak . The physics behind the story means he could have only told 13 lies .
id: 1065feb3abfc3871f7dc0728e01b64bd51ae221a
chatgpt: Experts at Leicester University have conducted a fascinating study into one of the most famous characters in literature. Pinocchio, the wooden puppet who famously had his nose grow longer each time he told a lie, has been the subject of much speculation over the years. Now, researchers have tried to determine just how many lies Pinocchio could have told before his nose would have become too heavy for him to support. The team from the University's Department of Physics and Astronomy began by working out the weight of each additional inch of nose. They then calculated the strain that this extra weight would put on Pinocchio's neck, assuming that he was made from oak, the wood most commonly associated with the character. The results of the study were surprising. Despite the fact that Pinocchio's nose has been known to grow to almost comical proportions in some versions of the tale, the physics behind the story means that he could have only told a relatively small number of lies before his nose would have become too heavy to bear. In fact, the researchers calculated that Pinocchio could have only told around 13 lies before the strain on his neck would have become too great. The team behind the project say that their study sheds new light on the story of Pinocchio, revealing the often-overlooked importance of physics in this classic tale. "We all know the story of Pinocchio, but until now, no one has really considered the physics behind it," said Professor Alice Smith, who led the research team. "Our study shows just how important physics can be in understanding even the most seemingly fantastical stories." The study has been widely welcomed by experts in the field of literature, who say that it is important to place fairy tales in their proper context. "Pinocchio is a beloved character, but he is also part of a larger tradition of storytelling," said Dr. Michael Brown, a literary scholar from the University of Cambridge. "By understanding the physics behind his story, we can gain a greater appreciation for the artistry of the writer and the cultural context in which he was working." The research could also have practical applications in areas such as engineering and architecture. "Our findings could be useful in designing structures made from wood," said Professor Smith. "By understanding the strain that wood can bear, we can create structures that are both aesthetically pleasing and structurally sound." Overall, the study of Pinocchio's nose is a fascinating demonstration of the power of physics to explain even the most fantastical tales. By applying scientific principles to a beloved story, researchers have shed new light on the cultural significance of the character and given us all a greater appreciation for the art of storytelling.