article: Four soldiers are dead after the Taliban used a remote-controlled bomb to blow-up a bus in Afghanistan today. The terrorist group claimed responsibility for the attack which was the latest in an onslaught on Afghan security forces ahead of the withdrawal of foreign combat forces at the end of this year. The soldiers were on their way to work when the bomb, buried in the road, was detonated as it passed by in southwestern Kabul, Ministry of Defence spokesman General Zahir Azimi said. Scroll down for video . A solider stands guard in front of the bus which the Taliban has claimed responsibility for bombing resulting in the deaths of  four Afghan soldiers and the wounding of 12 other passengers . An Afghan National Army soldier has a blackened face after surviving the blast . The bomb, buried in the road, was detonated as the bus passed by in southwestern Kabul . The bombing is the latest in a series of attacks against Afghan troops ahead of the withdrawal of foreign forces later this year . Twelve people were wounded in the blast, including six soldiers and six civilian passers-by, he said. Taliban spokesman Zabihullah Mujahid said the group were behind the attack 'on the slave soldiers' bus'. The Taliban are fighting to expel foreign forces and oust the U.S.-backed government. A soldier caught-up in the blast is assisted by other army personnel to clean soot from his face . The Taliban claimed responsibility for the attack 'on the slave soldiers bus'; the soldiers were travelling to work . Afghan army personnel tow away the bus which had its windows blown out in the bomb blast . An Afghan policeman stands guards at the scene while onlookers wait behind a police cordon . Casualties among Afghan army and police have soared in the past year as national forces have taken over most of the fight against the Taliban and their jihadist allies. The number of soldiers killed last year nearly quadrupled to 4,451 over the previous year for the Afghan calendar that ends in March, according to Ministry of Defence statistics.
highlights: A remote-controlled bomb was detonated as the bus carried soldiers to work . The Taliban claimed responsibility for the attack on 'the slave soldiers' Latest in a string of attacks ahead of the withdrawal of foreign forces .
id: b74686acfd0564fe31b6f1801997be88aa02c5de
chatgpt: A remote-controlled bomb was detonated on the morning of June 22nd, as a bus carried soldiers to work in Afghanistan. The attack, which took place in the western outskirts of Kabul, was later claimed by the Taliban as their own. The group referred to the soldiers on the bus as 'slave soldiers', and claimed that the attack was just one in a string of similar operations that the group has been carrying out in the lead-up to the withdrawal of foreign forces. According to a spokesperson from the Afghan Ministry of Defense, the bomb had been planted on the side of the road, and was detonated remotely as the bus passed by. The resulting explosion was intense and widespread, leaving the wreckage of the bus smoldering on the side of the road. Dozens of soldiers were on board at the time, and initial reports suggest that a number of them were killed or injured in the explosion. This latest incident is part of a worrying trend of increased violence and instability in the country, as foreign forces prepare to exit after nearly two decades of conflict. The Taliban have been emboldened in recent months, with a marked uptick in attacks against Afghan forces and civilians alike. Many experts predict that the situation is likely to deteriorate further in the coming months, as the group seeks to make gains on the ground ahead of any potential peace talks with the government. The Taliban has long considered Afghan soldiers and security forces to be legitimate targets, referring to them as 'puppets' of the foreign forces that have been propping up the government. Attacks like this one, on what the group sees as 'slave soldiers', are intended to undermine morale and weaken the resolve of those tasked with defending the country. The attack has been widely condemned by political leaders and civilians alike, who are growing increasingly frustrated with the ongoing violence in the country. Many see this as a clear sign that the Taliban is unwilling to engage in any sort of meaningful peace talks, and that the only way forward is through a sustained military effort to root out the group's militants and cells. For the soldiers who were on board the bus, the attack is a stark and brutal reminder of the risks that they face on a daily basis. Despite these challenges, however, they continue to carry out their duties with bravery and dedication, in the hope of securing a better future for Afghanistan and its people.