article: (CNN) -- The Ugandan government paraded four suspects in last month's deadly bombings in Kampala before reporters Thursday, with one of the men calling himself an "evil man." "I know no one can believe that I did this evil," said one suspect, Idris Nsubuga, who spoke at a press conference organized by government officials. "...But deep down in me I broke down -- honestly I didn't know the impact of those explosives." A series of bomb blasts that Ugandan police say were likely set off by suicide bombers tore through an Ethiopian restaurant and a rugby center during a World Cup match July 11, killing 79 people. The government raised the death toll, which it had previously set at 76, on Thursday. "Now before you I have these four individuals, they are all Ugandans, and these are the ones who are responsible for the execution of the operation," Uganda's chief military intelligence officer, James Mugira, said at the Thursday press conference. "We have apprehended all those who are responsible for financing, planning and execution of the operation," he said. Uganda announced last month that it had charged three people in connection with the bomb blasts, saying they were extradited from Kenya. At a separate press conference Thursday, Ugandan Maj. Gen. Kale Kayihura said he believed the four men presented on are members of al Qaeda. One of the suspects cried at Thursday's event. Nsubuga, 30, recalled his thoughts and actions on the night of the bombings. "I was tense -- I called a friend just to relieve myself of the tension just to know how the match was," he said, referring to his time waiting at the rugby center and wondering about the World Cup finals. "I had just finished talking to that friend a few minutes passed, and that's when the first blast went off," Nsubuga said. "It scared me, and I reached in my pocket and pulled out the other phone and called that number." That call triggered another bomb. "I want to extend my sincere apologies to the families and friends of all those who perished in that tragic night," Nsubuga said. "I thought by answering this call my life would be better," he said. "But it changed it entirely -- I've never been the same since then." The Al-Shabaab militant group, which is currently battling the weak transitional government in war-torn Somalia, has claimed responsibility for the bombings. Members of the group have said they were acting in retaliation for Uganda's contribution of troops for peacekeeping operations in Somalia, which has been at war for nearly two decades. Authorities in Uganda and Kenya previously said they had made more than 20 arrests in connection with the blasts.
highlights: One of the suspects called himself and "evil man" Uganda government raised the death toll from the July attacks to 79 . An official says, "We have apprehended all those who are responsible" for the attack . A Ugandan official said he believes the four suspects are members of al Qaeda .
id: 5c0cf88feac613bcd3c1d0c0cb86a971e0797534
chatgpt: Ugandan authorities have raised the death toll from the July attacks to 79, adding that they have apprehended all those responsible. The attacks, which targeted local residents in various parts of the country, shocked the nation and raised concerns about the growing threat of terrorism in the region. One of the suspects who was apprehended reportedly called himself an "evil man." Authorities believe that the suspect and three others arrested with him are members of the notorious al Qaeda terrorist group. In a press conference held by Uganda's security officials, spokesperson Patrick Onyango revealed that investigations had been conducted to bring the suspects to book. According to Onyango, the Ugandan security agencies, working with the regional partners, have made a breakthrough in the investigations into the attacks. "We are convinced that the four suspects we have in custody are members of the al Qaeda terrorist group," Onyango said. "We have apprehended all those who are responsible, and they will all face justice." The government has promised to take strong measures to prevent such attacks in the future. The President, Yoweri Museveni, assured the nation that his government is committed to ensuring that Ugandans are safe and secure from terrorism and any other forms of crime. "Uganda is a peaceful country, and we intend to keep it that way," Museveni said. "We have taken measures to protect our citizens, and we will not fail in this duty." The attacks have raised concerns about the growing threat of terrorism in the region. Authorities believe that terrorist groups such as al Qaeda are targeting African countries, using them as a base from which to launch attacks on Western targets. The Ugandan government has been working closely with other regional powers such as Kenya, Tanzania, and Somalia to address the threat posed by terrorist groups. These countries have also been victims of terrorist attacks and recognize the need to work together to combat the threat. In conclusion, the Ugandan government has responded swiftly to the attacks, apprehending all those responsible and bringing them to justice. The commitment of the government to ensuring the safety and security of its citizens is reassuring. The region must continue to work together to address the growing threat of terrorism and ensure that they are not used as a base for launching attacks on other nations.