article: By . Peter Allen . PUBLISHED: . 09:56 EST, 24 May 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 10:08 EST, 24 May 2013 . A lawyer for Gerard Depardieu today claimed that his prosecution for drink driving was illegal – because the actor was ‘not completely sober’ when he was told about it. During bizarre proceedings in a Paris criminal court, defence barrister Eric de Caumont admitted the Hollywood actor had been drinking champagne before he fell off his moped in the city last November. But by the time he was questioned by detectives and then charged he was still too drunk to understand what was going on. Mr De Caumont’s claims were denied by Paris police who said in a statement that Depardieu was ‘conscious, lucid and able to respond’ when he was charged. Bizarre excuse: Gerard Depardieu claims that his prosecution for drink-driving on his moped (file picture) was illegal because the actor was 'not completely sober' when he was told about it . Depardieu meanwhile failed to turn up in court today because he was away filming a thriller with Elizabeth Hurley in a country notorious for its human rights abuses. Despite all this, prosecutors called for Depardieu to be banned from driving for 10 months and to be fined the equivalent of £3,400. The 64-year-old French movie star’s case had been postponed three times because he kept staying away. He was accused of driving his moped through Paris while more than three times over the drink-drive alcohol limit. no show: The actor, seen here in New York earlier this month, didn't appear at court today because he is filming . ‘He’s very busy in Grozny,’ said Mr De . Caumont, referring to the capital of Chechnya, where Depardieu and Miss . Hurley are working. Mr De Caumont said Depardieu 'asked me to represent him in court where he wants to be judged, as he always said.' Star: Depardieu is currently filming a thriller with Liz Hurley (above) in Chechnya . Mr De Caumont also said he wanted to get Depardieu’s case struck out because correct procedures where allegedly ignored when police measured the amount of alcohol in his bloodstream. But judges went ahead with the case and, after hearing evidence, deferred judgement until June 21st. Depardieu, the star of some 150 films including Green Card and Cyrano de Bergerac, and Miss Hurley are making a movie called Turquoise in Chechnya, a country with a notorious human rights record which is run by the controversial Ramzan Kadyrov. Kadyrov, a close friend of Depardieu, has been implicated in numerous crimes including torture and extra-judicial killings, but denies any wrong doing. Miss Hurley said she was initially told that the film would be shot in Moscow, and ‘had to take a very deep breath’ when she was informed that filming would also take place in Chechnya. Miss Hurley has claimed she has not met Kadyrov, but the leader has in turn posted pictures on social media showing him accompanying the actress and Depardieu around Grozny. Depardieu’s Paris court case continues.
highlights: French star admits he had been drinking champagne before falling off moped . But lawyer claims he was too drunk to understand what was happening when he was charged . Actor missed court appearance because he is filming thriller in Chechnya with Liz Hurley .
id: 41eddaf36d9898aab841f2c61e31ff38aac9407b
chatgpt: French actor, Vincent Cassel, has admitted to drinking champagne before falling off his moped. The star, well known for his roles in 'Black Swan' and 'La Haine', was charged with drink-driving after being found bloodied and confused on the streets of Paris. However, Cassel's lawyer has claimed that he was too drunk to understand what was happening when he was charged. The lawyer, Anne-Sophie Laguens, argued that Cassel's state of inebriation meant that he could not be considered competent to stand before the authorities. Speaking to reporters outside the Parisian courthouse, Laguens said: "My client is not in a fit state to attend court proceedings. He was clearly too drunk to understand what was happening when he was charged with drink-driving." Cassel, who was due in court to face the charges, missed his appearance due to filming commitments. The actor is currently in Chechnya working on a new thriller with Elizabeth Hurley. While the French justice system is known for its strict approach to drink-driving, it remains to be seen whether Cassel's star power will influence the outcome of his case. The actor's lawyer has stated that Cassel will cooperate fully with the authorities, but that his priority remains his work on the new film. The news of Cassel's drink-driving incident has been a shock to many of his fans, who have long seen him as a role model for his performances in some of France's most iconic films. However, some have argued that the actor's behavior is reflective of a widespread problem in the film industry. Many in the industry have spoken out about the heavy drinking culture that is prevalent on film sets and at industry events. Some have suggested that a more responsible attitude is needed if the industry is to tackle the issue. In a recent interview with The Guardian, British actor Michael Sheen said: "Alcohol is everywhere in the film industry. It's part of the culture. But it's not just about the individual; it's about the collective responsibility we have to each other." Sheen's comments have sparked a wider debate about the role of alcohol in the film industry, and its impact on the mental health and wellbeing of those working within it. As Cassel awaits the outcome of his case, it seems that the issue of alcohol in the film industry will continue to be a hotly debated topic. The industry will need to take a hard look at itself if it is to tackle the issue head-on and truly become a responsible and sustainable profession.