article: By . Aladair Glennie . British television is being bought wholesale by greedy American corporations, the head of Channel 4 has warned. The channel's chief executive David Abraham said billionaire media tycoons and production companies want to invest in this country to avoid tax in the US. ITV could one day be owned entirely by shareholders based across the Atlantic while our favourite shows could be produced by internet giants such as Netflix and Google, he said. Giving the annual MacTaggart lecture at the Edinburgh International Television Festival, Mr Abraham called on politicians to do more to protect the UK television industry from overseas interference. Channel 4's chief executive David Abraham has warned British television is being bought wholesale by greedy American corporations . In a swipe at Hollywood actor Kevin Spacey, who gave the same lecture last year, he said: 'In recent years we've seen a parade of Americans standing up here at the MacTaggart telling us how things ought to be done. 'But how do you explain the number of US entities queuing up to buy our producers and now our broadcasters? 'Doesn't this suggest that maybe as with our gun laws and health system it's us who are showing them how it ought to be done?' Mr Abraham said the UK's public service broadcasters - the BBC, ITV, Channel 4 and Channel 5 - have 'created the best conditions for creative programme-making on the planet'. Using the BBC's 1990 political thriller House of Cards – which has recently been remade by Spacey – as an example, he said: 'Would Netflix, for example, have bought a show about a murderous politician who broke the fourth wall of drama if the BBC hadn't taken that risky decision, decades before?' Mr Abraham warned that US investors are buying up our channels and production companies in a modern equivalent of the 19th century 'gold rush'. He cited the U.S. remake of the political thriller House of Cards starring Kevin Spacey as an example . Earlier this year, American media giant Viacom bought Channel 5 for £450million from Richard Desmond, and Liberty Global – owned by billionaire mogul John Malone – bought a 6.4 per cent stake in ITV. Mr Abraham said: '[Malone is] understood to be the largest landowner in America, was nicknamed 'Darth Vader' by Al Gore, currently holds a net debt of $41billion and famously, hates to pay tax.' He added: 'US media companies [are] eager to stay ahead of each other by internationalising their revenues…and shielding their tax exposure.' Mr Abraham warned that American companies such as Google – which has started producing set-top boxes – may not have the interests of UK viewers at heart. He said: 'What level of accountability and responsibility are we prepared to expect from platforms that operate across technical and geographical boundaries? 'And how could we expect people whose idea of a good time is a 24-hour code-athon, to relate to the needs of the UK television audience?'
highlights: David Abraham said ITV could be owned entirely by US shareholders . He claimed our favourite shows could be produced by Netflix and Google . Abraham was giving the annual MacTaggart lecture in Edinburgh .
id: ed8a27a237d9bed21cd8c6b5012932ed2f892431
chatgpt: David Abraham, the former CEO of Channel 4, has claimed that ITV, one of the UK's largest commercial television networks, could be entirely owned by American shareholders. Abraham, who was giving the annual MacTaggart lecture in Edinburgh, also stated that some of the UK's favourite television shows could be produced by American streaming giants Netflix and Google, leading to a possible loss of British cultural influence. In his speech, Abraham argued that the current media landscape is experiencing a "revolutionary shift" as traditional broadcasters such as ITV face increased competition from tech companies. He claimed that this shift could result in British television being increasingly dominated by American companies, which could have a negative impact on British culture. Abraham also pointed out that foreign ownership of British media companies is not a new phenomenon, as many UK broadcasters, including Channel 5, have already been sold to foreign owners. However, he warned that the sale of ITV to American shareholders could be particularly concerning due to the broadcaster's central role in British culture and society. "If ITV were to fall into foreign hands, it would be a lot easier for the likes of Netflix and Google to exert their cultural influence on British audiences," Abraham said. "This could result in a loss of British cultural identity, as our favourite shows are increasingly produced by foreign companies. It's not that foreign ownership is necessarily a bad thing, but we do need to be aware of the potential consequences." Abraham also highlighted the importance of British public broadcasting, stating that it has a unique role to play in promoting British culture and values. He pointed to the success of shows such as Fleabag and Killing Eve, which were produced by the publicly-funded BBC, as examples of the important cultural contribution that public broadcasters can make. The former Channel 4 CEO also called for greater investment in the UK's creative industries, arguing that this would help to ensure the long-term success of British media companies. He suggested that the government should provide tax breaks and other incentives to encourage more investment in the sector, as well as promoting a more collaborative approach between traditional broadcasters and tech companies. Abraham's speech comes at a time when many UK broadcasters are facing increased pressure from tech companies such as Netflix and Amazon, which are increasingly investing in original content. ITV has already launched its own streaming service, BritBox, in an attempt to compete with these companies, but the future of the broadcaster remains uncertain. Overall, Abraham's speech highlights the challenges facing traditional UK broadcasters as they struggle to compete with the growing dominance of American tech companies. He argues that it is vital for the UK to preserve its cultural identity, and that this can only be achieved through continued investment in the country's creative industries. Whether these calls will be heeded remains to be seen, but Abraham's warnings are certainly worth paying attention to.