article: A teenager who holds a world record for eating 10 cheeseburgers in under two minutes and trains for his sport by eating 50 Weet-Bix in one sitting is on a mission to be the best competitive eater on the planet. Isaac Harding-Davis, from Ourimbah, on the New South Wales Central Coast, said he has always been a big eater - with the 90kg, 185cm tall boxer and rugby player claiming to be 'always hungry'. But it wasn't until the 18-year-old entered an eating competition at his local Lone Star restaurant just over a year ago that he realised his full potential - as well as just how valuable his extreme appetite is. SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO . Competitive eater: Australian teenager Isaac Harding-Davis can eat ten cheeseburgers in under two minutes and wants to be world champion . Hungry: The 18-year-old says he has always been a big eater, and is pictured here using water to help him get the food down faster . 'I play a lot of sport, so I’m always hungry and try to eat healthy,' he told the Central Coast Express Advocate. 'I always knew I was a big eater but I didn’t realise I had a talent until I entered a competition to eat a two-foot long hot dog at Lone Star restaurant in Tuggerah just over a year ago.' During that competition, he broke the restaurant’s record and has completed the challenge 10 times since. After his hot dog success, he then beat hundreds to make the top ten of a Monster Burger challenge on the Gold Coast. 'I was up against the world record holder. The record was 18 minutes and I did it in nine,” the teenager said. As a result of that win he has amassed hundreds of dollars in prize-winnings from competitions all over the country. Speed eater: Isaac stacks his McDonald's cheeseburgers into a pyramid before starting the challenge . Say ahhhh: After finishing his first burger, Issac opens his mouth wide to show he has swallowed it completely . But, just like his appetite, he isn't satisfied with that - and wants to conquer the world with his talent. 'They say in life you should always pursue something you love and are good at. And for me, that’s eating. I’ve never failed a challenge yet,' Isaac said. Isaac works out between 10 and 15 hours and week and also plays basketball. When training for an event, the high school senior said he can wolf down 50 Weet-Bix in one sitting. The only things he won't put in his mouth are anchovies and olives - but he said taste rarely plays a part in his mind when he is competing. His dream is to head to the US to enter more competitive eating challenges in order to claim the world number one title.
highlights: Isaac Harding-Davis, 18, from Ourimbah, Australia, is always hungry . He has already made hundreds of dollars from eating competitions . Works out for ten to 15 hours a week and has stayed skinny .
id: 7645dba419df104e9a6f719f87f33acb2da8be16
chatgpt: Isaac Harding-Davis, an 18-year-old from Ourimbah, Australia, has a unique talent - he can out-eat anyone he comes up against. The teenager has already raked in several hundred dollars from eating contests, competing against adults twice his age, and coming out victorious. He claims to be hungry all the time, but despite his insatiable appetite, he has managed to stay thin. The secret to his success? He works out for 10-15 hours a week, focusing on building lean muscle mass through weight training and cardio exercises. "I love eating, and I love competing even more," Harding-Davis said. "But I also want to stay healthy and fit, which is why I put in so many hours at the gym. I want to be able to enjoy my food without worrying about the consequences." And enjoy his food he does! His favourite foods to devour include pizza, burgers, and hot dogs, but he is also known to chow down on large quantities of chicken wings and sushi. At his most recent eating competition, Harding-Davis faced off against some fierce competition, including seasoned veterans who had been in the game for years. But he wasn't intimidated - he knew he had what it took to come out on top. The contest involved consuming as many hot dogs as possible in a short amount of time. Most of his competitors choked after just a few mouthfuls, unable to keep up with his impressive speed and stamina. In the end, Harding-Davis managed to consume an astonishing 27 hot dogs in just under 10 minutes, earning him first place and a cash prize of $500. "I always knew I could do it," he said proudly. "I've been training for this moment for months, and I'm thrilled to have come out on top." His family and friends are equally supportive of his talent, proud of his impressive achievements and hardworking attitude. They are particularly impressed with his dedication to fitness and health, despite his love for food. "He's a real inspiration to us all," said his older sister, Emily. "We're all amazed at what he's been able to accomplish, and we can't wait to see what he does next." Indeed, Harding-Davis has big plans for the future. He hopes to continue competing in eating contests, travelling the world and taking on the best of the best. He also hopes to inspire others to follow their passions and chase their dreams - whatever they may be. "Anything is possible if you're willing to put in the work," he said. "Especially when it comes to something you truly love. I may be young, but I know that I have what it takes to make it big in this industry. And I won't stop until I reach the top."