article: By . Bianca London . PUBLISHED: . 13:05 EST, 4 October 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 13:05 EST, 4 October 2013 . With an eleven-week countdown to the big day and miserable weather making summer feel like a distant memory, mothers will make the most of the recent payday and get ‘stocking’ up on Christmas gifts this weekend. A new survey has revealed that over a quarter of mothers are starting their Christmas shopping earlier than last year. With purse strings pulled tighter than ever, a staggering 69 per cent of mothers revealed the top reason for the early start to gift shopping was due to money restraints and helping to manage the ever-expanding festive budget. Keen: Tomorrow is the day mothers start doing their Christmas shopping (and they'll spend £626 on presents alone) Other key reasons for stocking up early proved to be taking advantage of the pre-season sales and feeling organised ahead of the Christmas rush, as named by 55 per cent and 53 per cent respectively. Two in five mums (42 per cent) are doing more bargain hunting than ever before, but will still be forking out £626.10 on gifts alone. Getting ahead: Keen mothers want to take advantage of the pre-season sales and like feeling organised ahead of the Christmas rush . Despite over one third of mothers vowing to spend less on gifts this year due to the rising costs of living, the survey claimed that parents will distribute an eye-watering 72 gifts this year. The average mother will buy presents for a generous 13.6 people, including extended family, friends, colleagues and even pets. Hayley Bolton, a spokesperson for Asda, said: 'Starting the Christmas shopping early is a great way for busy mums to "tick" an extra to-do off the festive list. 'Whether it’s using the most convenient shopping methods or managing the budget well in advance of the big day itself, we’ve seen our shoppers get savvy when it comes to buying gifts. 'We are expecting to see sales of presents start to increase over the weekend as the Christmas shopping season gets truly underway.' It seems that tech-savvy shoppers are taking advantage of online shopping. Last year, Asda saw a 14 per cent increase in mothers doing their Christmas shopping online to save precious time over the festive period. Asda isn't the only store preparing for the festive rush this weekend. Boots have revealed the first of . their eagerly anticipated ‘Star Gift’ offers - a weekly product on sale . for better than half price until the big day. Annabel Franks, head of Christmas and Exclusives at Boots: 'We . know that some of our customers like to get ahead of the game when it . comes to doing their Christmas shopping and just can’t wait to start . planning gifts for loved ones. 'We’ve launched our Christmas shop and gift guide in store this week in recognition of those avid Christmas planners.'
highlights: Saturday October 5 dubbed ‘stocking up Saturday' Quarter start earlier than last year due to budget restraints . Spend an average of £626 on Christmas presents . Average mum will buy gifts for 13.6 people this year .
id: 850931cb1c0c574c150527a4508a858492930c57
chatgpt: Christmas shopping is set to begin early this year as consumers prepare for the festive season. With holiday spending on the rise, retailers are bracing themselves for the busiest shopping season of the year. Dubbed “Stocking Up Saturday”, shoppers will be looking to get a head start on their Christmas shopping. This year’s holiday shopping season is set to begin earlier than last year due to budget restraints, with stores encouraging consumers to beat the traditional rush. According to a recent survey of over 1,000 UK consumers, shoppers will spend an average of £626 on Christmas presents. The surge in spending is a reflection of a more festive atmosphere, as people look to spend time with family and friends. The survey also revealed that the average mum will buy gifts for 13.6 people this year. With the advent of online shopping, consumers are expected to make more purchases this year. Retailers are adjusting their strategies in anticipation of the increased demand, with many launching early promotions and special offers. Experts predict that early deals will see a sharp rise in consumer spending in the coming weeks. However, critics warn that early buying could lead to overspending, with many consumers tempted by the myriad of festive decorations, presents, and food on offer. With so many options, consumers need to be mindful of their budgets, especially given the uncertainty surrounding Brexit. Despite the challenges, retailers are optimistic about the holiday season, with many expecting a surge in sales due to the early start to shopping. With more people shopping for Christmas online and in-store, retailers are offering a wide range of options to help shoppers find the perfect gift. Experts advise consumers to plan ahead and make a list of items they need to purchase. They also suggest shopping online for convenience, and taking advantage of early promotions and deals. It’s not just retailers and consumers looking forward to a merry Christmas this year. The festive season is also set to bring good tidings for the wider economy, with many businesses hoping for a strong final quarter. Despite economic uncertainty caused by Brexit, the festive season is traditionally marked by robust consumer spending, which helps to buoy the economy. Experts predict a significant boost in consumer spending for the holiday season, with sectors such as retail, leisure, and hospitality expected to benefit. With the season well underway, shoppers are encouraged to make the most of the special offers and promotions on offer. Retailers are working hard to meet the needs and expectations of their customers, providing a wide variety of products and services. And with Christmas just around the corner, it’s a great time to start stocking up on those extra special gifts for family and friends. So, whether you’re out shopping or browsing online, be sure to take advantage of the many festive deals on offer this year.