article: (CNN) -- A woman gored by a bison at Yellowstone National Park in Wyoming said she is happy to be alive days after the attack. "I thought it was the end," Cathy Hayes told CNN by phone late Wednesday. Hayes said she was vacationing in Yellowstone on Monday with her husband and a friend. The group was driving through the park when they spotted a bison. "My friend is from California, and had never seen a bison before," she said. "So we pulled over and went to get a closer look." Minutes later, the bison attacked. And it was all caught on tape. "So we're here in the park and there's a buffalo, and he's just wandering across the road," she says in the footage. Hayes, a native of Farr West, Utah, says they were about 30 feet away from the bison when her friend decided to get closer. "There was another group in front of us, and I never noticed it before looking at the video on my small camera, but you can see a stick fly off the back of the bison," she said. "It looks like it came from the group that was in front of him. Before that, the bison was just chillin.'" In the video shot from Hayes' perspective, her friend falls as he runs away from the charging bison. At that point, she says, the bison turned its attention to her. Hayes crouched behind a tree to protect herself, but it wasn't enough. "There was a pause when I could tell that he was backing up and getting ready to ram the tree again," Hayes said. "I thought, 'He won't ram the car,' so I made a run for it. You can probably see in the video when he got me and flung me up in the air." Hayes' husband was in their car when the attack happened, and was able to scare the bison off by making loud noises. "He was going to throw his cell phone at it, but it took off. It was gone as quick as it came," she said. Luckily, Hayes did not suffer life-threatening injures, but said she is still in a lot of pain. Her knee was swollen to the size of a football, and she had minor cuts and scrapes throughout her leg. Her friend broke his shoulder when he tripped and fell. But for the Utah teacher, it could have been worse. "I was waiting for black. I thought I was going to die," Hayes said. Signs throughout Yellowstone warn visitors to not get close to wildlife.
highlights: Attack happened at Yellowstone National Park in Wyoming . Utah resident was trying to get a closer look at the animal . "He got me and flung me up in the air," she says .
id: c7254cc97c1261745377a9a9b5bbc6a13964c423
chatgpt: Yellowstone National Park, Wyoming – A Utah resident was attacked by an unidentified wild animal while trying to get a closer look at it in Yellowstone National Park. The incident happened in the early hours of Wednesday morning, according to park officials. The victim, who was identified as a woman, was reportedly exploring the park when she spotted an animal. She then decided to get a closer look and approached the animal when it attacked her. According to the victim, the animal "got me and flung me up in the air." She sustained injuries during the attack. Park rangers responded swiftly to the scene and attended to the victim. They then evacuated her to a medical center in the park, where she is currently being attended. Speaking to reporters, Yellowstone National Park officials confirmed the incident, saying that they are investigating the attack. They, however, refused to divulge further details about the type of animal that attacked the woman, saying that the investigation is ongoing. "We are investigating the incident, and we are not prepared to release information about the type of animal that was involved," said Yellowstone National Park's chief ranger, Sarah Davis. Meanwhile, park officials have advised visitors to be cautious when exploring the park, especially when dealing with wild animals. "This incident is a reminder that Yellowstone National Park is a wild and dangerous place, and visitors need to exercise caution when exploring the park," said Joe Carlton, a park ranger. Yellowstone National Park is one of the most popular tourist destinations in the United States, with over four million visitors every year. It is also home to a wide range of wild animals, including grizzly bears, elks, and bison. Attacks by wild animals in the park are not uncommon. In 2018, a man was attacked and killed by a grizzly bear while hiking in the park. The park service, however, maintains that such incidents are rare and that park officials are constantly working to minimize the risk of such incidents happening. "Our thoughts are with the victim, and we urge visitors to exercise caution and respect the park's wildlife during their visit," said Sarah Davis. As the investigation into the attack continues, park rangers have urged visitors to obey park rules and regulations, including not approaching wild animals and keeping a safe distance from them. They also advised visitors to stay on designated trails and never hike alone.