article: Barcelona striker Neymar is refusing to be distracted by the impending El Clasico and Real Madrid - instead insisting that victory over Ajax in the Champions League is of paramount importance. The Brazil striker scored in Barcelona's  3-2 defeat to Paris Saint-Germain at the Parc des Princes Stadium last month, and believes hitting back with a victory in Europe's elite competition would be perfect preparation for Madrid. 'Tuesday we have a match we have to win, and only after that we will start thinking about El Clasico. What is more important for me - scoring tomorrow or scoring at the Santiago Bernabeu? Both,' Neymar said in a press conference. Neymar considers Tuesday's game against Ajax as important as Real Madrid on Saturday for Barcelona . Luis Enrique's side were defeated 3-2 by Paris Saint-Germain in their last Champions League game . 'It will be a very difficult and a very important match against Ajax. We always play to win but I believe Ajax to be a great team both in defence and in attack. We will have to work hard to win.' Barcelona's defeat to PSG is their only loss under manager Luis Enrique, who took over from Gerardo Martino in the summer, and the Catalan side will want to reassert their status in Group F. It is also the last Champions League match where Barcelona will be without striker Luis Suarez, who is set to return from his suspension and make his debut against Madrid. Neymar (left) is excited at having the chance to forge a partnership with Luis Suarez (right) and Lionel Messi . Neymar is excited at the prospect of forming a three-pronged attack alongside the Uruguayan and Lionel Messi. 'For me Messi is the best player in the world, and I am happy to play with him. But Luis Suarez is there among the best too and I am sure he will bring many good things to our team.'
highlights: Neymar won't be distracted ahead of the visit of Dutch champions Ajax . Barcelona lost their last Champions League match 3-2 against PSG . But the Brazil striker is excited to play alongside Luis Suarez .
id: 7376fe276415b218ea6885f14e970089b7a5ade1
chatgpt: Barcelona are set to host Dutch champions Ajax in the upcoming Champions League match, and Neymar, Barcelona's Brazilian striker, is more than ready for what lies ahead. Despite their loss against PSG in their last game, Neymar has made it clear that he and his teammates will not be distracted. The team is laser-focused on working together to bring home a victory against Ajax. Neymar's excitement in playing alongside Luis Suarez is palpable. The two strikers have been working together seamlessly in training, and they're expected to wreak havoc on Ajax's defense. In fact, the Barcelona team as a whole is confident about their chances. They know that they have the talent and experience to compete on the highest level, and they're fully determined to do whatever it takes to come out on top. As for Ajax, they're coming off a tight win against Lille in their last Champions League match. They'll be looking to build on that momentum as they head into this game against Barcelona. But the Catalan giants are not to be underestimated. With Neymar at the forefront of their attack and Suarez right by his side, they have the potential to make easy work of Ajax if they put their minds to it. Overall, it promises to be an exciting matchup between two talented sides. Football fans around the world will be eagerly watching as these two teams clash on the field. With Neymar's sights firmly set on the game, it's clear that Barcelona will be bringing their best performance. And if they can maintain their focus and play to their potential, they'll be well on their way to a victory against Ajax.