article: By . Becky Barrow and Peter Campbell . PUBLISHED: . 18:41 EST, 16 May 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 01:39 EST, 17 May 2013 . The internet giant Amazon could be hauled before MPs just like Google, MPs suggested yesterday after serious doubts were raised about how much tax it pays in this country. The company, which sells everything from books to bread, said it paid just £2.44million in corporation tax on UK sales of £320million last year. But the Seattle-based group told its investors that it actually made 13 times this amount, claiming the UK sales were actually more than £4billion. Scrutiny: Amazon paid just £2.4million in corporation tax despite UK sales of more than £320million last year . Margaret Hodge, the outspoken chairman of the Public Accounts Committee, has slammed Amazon’s tiny tax bill as a ‘joke.’ Last night, she said: ‘We will now consider whether we need to recall them to explain that discrepancy.’ It comes after a Google executive, Matt Brittin, a vice-president of the search firm, was grilled by MPs yesterday for the second time. The controversy is fuelled by Amazon, like many multinational businesses, using a complex and legal corporate structure to minimise the amount of tax it pays. Questions: Amazon employs thousands of people in the UK warehouses but, for accounting purposes, is registered in Luxembourg . It claims the heart of its European operations are in Luxembourg, although it employs just 500 people and has no warehouses in the small European nation. By comparison, its UK operation is . gigantic, employing around 4,200 staff as well as thousands of extra . seasonal workers during the busy Christmas trading period. In a further blow for taxpayers, it also receives Government grants and money from the European Union for operating warehouses in less prosperous parts of the country. Last year, it received grants totalling £2.5million. When a sale is made in the UK, the item, such as a book or a DVD, is delivered from a British warehouse by Amazon’s UK employees. But, for accounting purposes, the transaction is processed in Luxembourg. By comparison, the well-known London bookshop, Foyles, states clearly in its latest accounts: ‘All sales were made in the United Kingdom.’ An Amazon spokesman said: ‘Amazon pays all applicable taxes in every jurisdiction that it operates within. ‘We have a single European headquarters in Luxembourg with hundreds of employees to manage this complex operation.’ A spokesman for HM Revenue and Customs said: ‘HMRC ensures that multinationals pay the tax due in accordance with UK tax law and in doing so we apply the permanent establishment rules correctly and consistently to all businesses. ‘We have been very successful in reducing tax avoidance by large businesses in recent years.’
highlights: Paid just £2.4million in corporation tax on UK sales of £320million last year . Seattle-based group told investors its turnover was more than £4billion . Margaret Hodge, chair of public accounts committee, could recall company .
id: b8d522e99b48877875af6a553196ecce2e4fde6a
chatgpt: Seattle-based online retail giant Amazon faced criticism from British lawmakers on Monday, after it was revealed that the company paid just £2.4 million in corporation tax on UK sales of £320 million last year. The disclosure was made during a hearing of the public accounts committee, which is investigating tax avoidance efforts by multinational corporations. Amazon's UK sales make up a small percentage of the company's overall revenue, which was reported as more than £4 billion, according to the company's latest financial statement. However, the low amount of tax paid has sparked outrage among some lawmakers, who argue that the company should be subject to greater tax scrutiny. Margaret Hodge, the chair of the public accounts committee, said she was "astonished" by the figure, and questioned whether the company was "a good corporate citizen". Hodge went on to suggest that Amazon may have a moral obligation to pay more tax in the UK, in order to contribute to public services and infrastructure. Amazon has come under fire in recent years for its tax practices, which have been criticized as exploitative and unfair. The company has been accused of using tax loopholes to avoid paying its fair share of taxes, and of setting up complex corporate structures to avoid scrutiny from tax authorities. In response to the criticism, Amazon has defended its tax practices, and has said that it is fully compliant with all applicable tax laws. The company argues that it creates jobs and adds value to the UK economy, and that it is committed to investing in the country. Amazon is not the only multinational corporation to face criticism over its tax practices in the UK. Other companies, including Google and Starbucks, have also been accused of avoiding tax payments in the country, leading to calls for greater regulation and scrutiny of large corporations. The debate over corporate tax avoidance has become a key issue in the UK, as lawmakers seek to balance the need for economic growth and job creation with the need for fair and equitable taxation. Many experts argue that tax avoidance by large corporations creates an uneven playing field, in which smaller businesses are unable to compete on an equal footing. Despite the controversy, Amazon remains one of the world's largest and most successful companies, with a market capitalization of more than $1.5 trillion. The company has continued to expand its operations in the UK, opening new fulfillment centers and hiring thousands of employees. However, the company's low tax payments are likely to remain a contentious issue, as lawmakers and taxpayers demand greater transparency and accountability from multinational corporations. As the debate over tax avoidance continues, it remains to be seen whether Amazon and other companies will be willing to increase their tax payments, or whether they will continue to rely on complex corporate structures and legal loopholes to avoid paying their fair share.