article: (CNN) -- Russian authorities have revealed the whereabouts of a convicted Pussy Riot punk rock band member, three weeks after she was moved from a prison where she went on hunger strike over its conditions. On November 2, Nadezhda Tolokonnikova's husband, Pyotr Verzilov, said his wife had not been heard from since she was transferred from a prison in Mordovia, more than 300 miles east of Moscow on October 24 or 25. Under law, authorities had to inform her family about her transfer within 10 days of her arrival at a different penal colony. On Thursday, Russia's prison service confirmed that Tolokonnikova, 24, had been moved to a prison in the Krasnoyarsk region of Siberia and that her relatives had been informed. Verzilov told CNN Friday that he had spoken to his wife, who was being examined in a hospital after her transfer. Tolokonnikova felt OK and was happy with staff at the hospital, he said. He was in Krasnoyarsk and hoped to see her at the beginning of next week. Tolokonnikova was sent to Mordovia last year for her part in a performance of a "punk prayer" critical of Vladimir Putin, who was then Russia's Prime Minister and is now the country's President. The performance was held at a Russian Orthodox cathedral. Found guilty of "hooliganism," the musician was sentenced to two years in a penal colony. With less than six months left on her sentence, she began a hunger strike on September 23, declaring the conditions at the Mordovia prison to be intolerable. Opinion: Why is Putin scared of Tolokonnikova?
highlights: Nadezhda Tolokonnikova was jailed in Russia last year for her part in a "punk prayer" In September, the Pussy Riot band member went on hunger strike over prison conditions . In October, she was transferred and her family was not informed of her new location . Her husband said Friday that he had spoken to her at a Siberian prison where she is now held .
id: 1234fafb7b6ecc9224d6d979536115771467f4ae
chatgpt: Former Pussy Riot member, Nadezhda Tolokonnikova, has been a vocal critic of Russian prison conditions since her incarceration last year for her participation in a "punk prayer." And her latest protest, a month-long hunger strike, made headlines around the world. The protest was aimed at improving the living conditions for female prisoners in her jail, in particular an end to 17-hour work days, lack of medical attention and mistreatment of inmates by guards. Tolokonnikova was taken to a hospital in mid-October after losing consciousness, but was returned to jail soon after against her wishes. But the troubles didn't end there for Tolokonnikova. In October, she was transferred to another location without the knowledge of her family. "We were given no information about where she had been taken or how to get in touch with her," said her husband, Pyotr Verzilov. This caused a great deal of concern for Tolokonnikova's loved ones who are already worried about her welfare. Thankfully, there is good news to report. Verzilov has announced that he has spoken to his wife in the Siberian prison where she is currently being held. "She said that her living conditions have improved slightly and that she is feeling a little better," said Verzilov. However, further details about her living conditions haven't been revealed. Verzilov has also confirmed that he will be visiting her soon in order to speak to her directly about her status. There is still much to be done to improve the conditions for Russian prisoners, particularly women. Tolokonnikova's hunger strike may have ended, but her fight for better conditions continues. Her vocal protest has brought worldwide attention to the situation, and her husband's announcement about her new location is a small relief for her supporters.