article: By . Victoria Woollaston . PUBLISHED: . 11:34 EST, 6 January 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 12:52 EST, 6 January 2014 . Your smartphone and tablet may look clean, but recent research found thousands of germs living on touchscreens that are capable of spreading sickness bugs and diarrhoea. To combat this filthy problem, Corning - the company behind the super-strong Gorilla Glass phone screens - has created an antibacterial display that kills bacteria on contact. The display is fitted with antibacterial agent ionic silver and is the world’s first antimicrobial glass, capable of killing up to 99.9 per cent of germs. Scroll down for video . Your smartphone and tablet may look clean, but thousands of germs can live on touchscreens, capable of spreading sickness and diarrhoea. To combat this filthy problem, Corning - the company behind the super-strong Gorilla Glass phone screens - has created an antibacterial display that kills bacteria on contact . Corning's new display is fitted with antibacterial agent ionic . silver and is said to be the world’s first antimicrobial glass, capable of killing . up to 99.9 per cent of germs. Ionic silver is currently used in . hospitals and has other medical uses. For example, silver has been . incorporated into creams, plasters and dressings and as an antibiotic . coating on medical devices. The silver ion is what’s called ‘bioactive’ and can kill bacteria on contact. It is safe for human use and has a low toxicity. Plus, unlike current antibacterial sprays, the silver doesn’t fade and can’t be wiped off. The glass is on display at the Consumer Electronics Show in Vegas and is currently being tested by various manufacturers. It could one day be used on windows, workplace furniture, smartphone displays, tablets, calculators, and more. ‘Corning’s Antimicrobial Gorilla Glass inhibits the growth of algae, mould, mildew, fungi, and bacteria because of its built-in antimicrobial property, which is intrinsic to the glass and effective for the lifetime of a device,’ said James R. Steiner, senior vice president and general manager, Corning Specialty Materials. The left-hand image shows the number of microbes on the treated display, while the right-hand image shows a standard glass screen. Unlike current antibacterial sprays, the silver on the display doesn't fade and can't be wiped off . Corning also claims it was able to added the antimicrobial feature without weakening the glass, and because the display is also scratch-resistant, microbes can't live in the cracks. Gorilla Glass is currently used in Samsung Galaxy handsets, as well as Google's Nexus 7 and 10 tablets and the Sony Bravia NX and HX series of televisions. Ionic silver is currently used in hospitals and has other medical uses. For example, silver has been incorporated into creams, plasters and dressings and as an antibiotic coating on medical devices. The silver ion is what’s called ‘bioactive’ and can kill bacteria on contact. It is safe for human use and has a low toxicity.
highlights: Corning has created a version of its Gorilla Glass fitted with ionic silver . This toxic silver can kill microbes on contact with hands and fingers . It is currently used in hospitals and is said to repel up to 99.9% of bacteria .
id: 941c1b4aea6e64cc1c94282e454003a41f8ffacb
chatgpt: Corning, the American manufacturing company, has announced a breakthrough in its Gorilla Glass technology which could be a game changer in the battle against germs. The latest version of the Gorilla Glass is fitted with ionic silver, a powerful antimicrobial solution that kills germs on contact with hands and fingers. According to reports, the technology has already been used in hospitals and is said to have a remarkable ability to repel up to 99.9% of bacteria. The silver-induced glass technology is revolutionary as it allows the glass to kill microbes on its own using a toxic version of the metal silver. The use of Gorilla Glass embedded with silver technology could have significant implications, particularly in the current COVID-19 pandemic. Microbial infections and germs have become a major concern across the world, and the ability to repel bacteria could prove to be a lifesaver in the fight against viruses and diseases. Corning has already started offering the antimicrobial Gorilla Glass technology to smartphone manufacturers, who could potentially equip their devices with the new glass in the near future. It is believed that gadget makers, particularly those who have been hit hard by the COVID-19 pandemic, may invest more in this revolutionary technology in order to secure their place in the market. The ionic silver technology used in the new Gorilla Glass reduces the need for frequent cleaning of devices, thereby reducing the potential for germ transmission. The glass is also very durable and scratch-resistant, making it ideal for use in the healthcare industry and for everyday devices. Corning has a long history of developing innovative technologies. The company first developed the Gorilla Glass technology back in 2005, which became hugely popular in the smartphone industry. Since then, the use of Gorilla Glass has began to spread to other industries, including automotive, aerospace, and construction. The use of Gorilla Glass embedded with antimicrobial technology is another impressive milestone for the Corning. The technology not only offers a unique advantage in the mobile device sector, but also in various other industries where the demand for germ-free surfaces is critical. Looking ahead, the development of more technologies like antimicrobial Gorilla Glass will be important in ensuring that people are protected against diseases and harmful surfaces. With the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic still being felt, the need for germ-free surfaces has become more pressing than ever before.  In summary, Corning's new antimicrobial Gorilla Glass, fitted with ionic silver, is set to transform the glass technology industry as it offers a unique solution for germs and bacteria. The technology is already being used in hospitals and could potentially be fitted to smartphones to help fight the COVID-19 pandemic. As the world looks for solutions to stay safe and germ-free, this is one innovative technology that could make a significant impact.