article: By . Matt Blake . PUBLISHED: . 10:26 EST, 21 June 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 03:30 EST, 22 June 2012 . The Vietnamese government has issued a blanket ban on smoking in public places to replace old rules that have been completely ignored. The new law will also outlaw advertising tobacco products as well as the sale of tobacco products to those under 18 - something that has not been stipulated in Vietnam’s laws before. It is intended to beef up widely ignored rules enacted in 2010 that banned lighting up in public areas - including schools, hospitals, office buildings and on public transport. Blanket ban: A man smokes a cigarette outside a temple's wall murals in Hue. The new law will also outlaw advertising tobacco products as well as the sale of tobacco products to those under 18 . Despite the current legislation, bars and kiosks have continued to sell cigarettes on almost every street corner in capital Hanoi. The new law was passed by 440 out of 468 national assembly deputies on Monday and will come into effect in May next year. Flouting the law would incur heavy on-the-spot fines. According to The anti-smoking campaign group Southeast Asia Tobacco Control Alliance (SEATCA), there are currently 15.3 million smokers in Vietnam. About 47.4 per cent of adult males smoke. Tobacco kills 40,000 people per . year in Vietnam and that figure is expected to rise to 70,000 per year . by 2030, according to local media reports. SEATCA welcomed the new law - the full text of which has not yet been released - saying it was a 'historic and important milestone' for the country. 'We are very happy about this development,' SEATCA director Bungon Ritthiphakdee said, adding that the final version of the law was strong and in line with the WHO-Framework Convention on Tobacco Control.
highlights: Tobacco advertising and sale to under 18s also banned . Boosts hopes to save lives as 40,000 people already die in Vietnam from smoking every year .
id: 87d280258cdbcceb1fcc8ab0297f31f5d393f5c9
chatgpt: Vietnam has joined the global trend towards reducing tobacco smoking by banning the advertising and sale of tobacco products to children under the age of 18. This move is hoped to boost the country’s efforts to save lives as over 40,000 people in Vietnam die from smoking each year. The government has taken action to address the widespread use of tobacco products in the country, which is encouraged by advertising campaigns and availability. Vietnam's Ministry of Health has also introduced a nationwide campaign to encourage smokers to quit the habit. The government is focusing on tax increases and public awareness campaigns to reduce smoking rates as it works towards the smoke-free goal. In particular, the government is looking to encourage young people to stay off tobacco. Previously popular among young people in Vietnam, cigarettes are sold everywhere from local markets and convenience stores to street-side vendors. With the new measures, the sale of tobacco products to those aged under 18 will be prohibited, and advertising for tobacco products will no longer be allowed. Violators of this law can face severe punishments, including fines and imprisonment. The government aims to reduce the percentage of smokers to 15 percent by the year 2030. As part of this effort, they plan to increase taxes on cigarettes and other tobacco products to reduce consumption. They also introduced graphic warnings on cigarette packets to encourage smokers to quit. Experts believe that the new measures will go a long way in reducing the number of smoking-related deaths, especially among young people. With higher taxes, the price of tobacco products will increase, making it harder for young people to access them. The ban on smoking advertisements will mean that young people will not be exposed to the glamorization of smoking anymore. In conclusion, Vietnam's recent measures against tobacco smoking are a significant step in the government's efforts to reduce smoking-related deaths in the country. These new laws will go a long way in discouraging young people from taking up smoking as well as encouraging current smokers to quit. Hopefully, these steps will enable Vietnam to achieve nicotine-free status in the coming years.