article: (CNN) -- President Obama, Vice President Joe Biden and other top Democrats are heading back to school Tuesday, in hopes of convincing first-time voters from the 2008 election to vote again in 2010. The president is scheduled to headline a Democratic party rally at the University of Wisconsin in Madison while the vice president is the main attraction at a similar event at Pennsylvania State University in State College, Pennsylvania. The idea is to fire up "surge" voters and motivate them to go to the polls again in this November's midterm elections. According to national exit polls from 2008, 11 percent of people who cast ballots in the presidential contest said they were first time voters, and seven out of 10 of those new voters said they backed Obama in the election. Many of those people were young voters, and exit polls indicated that two-thirds of people age 18-29 voted for Obama. In advance to Tuesday's rallies, the president held a conference call with college and university journalists. "You can't sit it out. You can't suddenly just check in once every 10 years or so, on an exciting presidential election, and then not pay attention during big mid-term elections where we've got a real big choice between Democrats and Republicans," Obama said. There's no mistake in the locations for the Obama and Biden rallies. In Wisconsin and Pennsylvania, the Democrats face tough odds in holding onto open Senate seats and governorships. Polls also indicate that Republicans have a good chance of grabbing back a bunch of House seats. Also on the road Tuesday: Democratic National Committee Chairman Tim Kaine, at a rally at the University of Delaware in Newark, Delaware; Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius at the University of Maryland in College Park, Maryland; Labor Secretary Hilda Solis at California State University in Los Angeles; and United States Trade Representative Ron Kirk at North Carolina Central University in Durham, North Carolina. Obama's speech at the University of Wisconsin is the first in what Democratic Party officials say will be a series of "Moving America Forward" events by the president over the next couple of weeks.
highlights: Obama will headline a rally in Madison, Wisconsin . 11 percent of those who cast ballots in 2008 were first-timers . Democrats face tough odds in Wisconsin and Pennsylvania .
id: 8791dd500d8e82a0c4c864384db1f8b9759a358d
chatgpt: Former United States President Barack Obama is set to headline a rally in Madison, Wisconsin, as the midterm elections draw closer. The event, to be held on Friday evening, will seek to mobilize voters and boost support for Democratic candidates in critical election races around the country. Obama's message is likely to resonate with young, first-time voters, who are crucial to the Democrats' hopes of success. In 2008, a staggering 11 percent of those who cast ballots in Wisconsin were first-timers. This figure helped to propel Obama to a famous victory in the state and was a crucial factor in his overall victory in the presidential election. This year, however, Democrats face an uphill battle in Wisconsin and elsewhere. Recent polls suggest that Republicans hold clear leads in both Wisconsin and Pennsylvania, two states that were critical to Obama's victories in 2008 and 2012, respectively. Nevertheless, Democrats remain confident. They believe that they have a compelling message on key issues such as healthcare, immigration, and gun control, and that voters will ultimately be swayed by their arguments. For Obama, Friday's rally is an opportunity to remind voters of the progress that the country made during his time in office, and to urge them to support Democratic candidates who are committed to continuing that progress. "The stakes in this election are high," Obama said in a statement announcing the rally. "We have seen the damage that can be done when politicians in power pursue destructive policies that benefit only the wealthy and well-connected. We cannot allow that to happen again." The rally in Madison is one of several events that Obama is expected to attend in the coming weeks, as Democrats seek to take back control of Congress from the Republicans. Despite the challenges facing the party, Obama remains a popular and charismatic figure, and his appearance on the campaign trail is likely to energize both voters and candidates. For Democrats, the road to victory may be long and difficult, but with Obama in their corner, they remain hopeful that they can turn the tide and turn the midterms into a historic electoral triumph.