article: Bastian Schweinsteiger believes hosts Brazil have been allowed to get away with 'hard tackling' at the World Cup so far - and has urged referees to be harsher in their punishment. Germany face Brazil in the semi-finals on Tuesday in Belo Horizonte and Schweinsteiger is keen for the referee to keep a close eye on Luis Felipe Scolari's side. The hosts committed 31 fouls during their 2-1 quarter-final victory over Colombia - who themselves offended 23 times - and Juan Zuniga's foul even ended Brazilian Neymar's World Cup by fracturing his vertebra. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Germany's Schweinsteiger discuss Brazil's change of style . Warning: Germany midfielder Bastian Schweinsteiger has urged referees to be wary of Brazil's 'hard tackling' Late: Brazil committed 31 fouls as they beat Colombia 2-1 in their World Cup quarter-final . Schweinsteiger said: 'I am all for a healthy hardness but some of Brazil's fouls were over the limit.' 'Brazilians are not only football magicians, hard tackling is part of their game - we have to be careful and so does the referee.' And the midfielder's views were echoed by Germany assistant coach Hansi Flick. He said: 'Brazil is an outstanding team that plays at the limit of the allowed and will go over the limit if necessary. '(Neymar's injury) It's definitely a loss for Brazil, Neymar has lived up to expectations, but his absence can unite the team more and we expect a very strong opponent,' Flick said. And Schweinsteiger said that although 'we are all very sad that Neymar is not playing', Brazil's squad will be even more tightly knit as they 'will try to win the title for Neymar'. Showdown: Schweinsteiger's warning was ahead of Germany's World Cup semi-final with hosts Brazil . High foot: Fernandinho attempts to rob the ball from the boot of Colombia's James Rodriguez . The 29-year-old Bayern Munich midfielder was also full of praise for the Brazilian coaching staff of Scolari and his assistant Carlos Alberto Parreira. 'They are two coaches with a lot of experience who have both won the World Cup,' he said. 'They are clever coaches and you need intelligent coaches to win the title.' Agony: Neymar screams in pain after he injures his back and will miss the rest of the World Cup . VIDEO Willian ready to fill Neymar's boots . Inspiration: Germany assistant coach Hansi Flcik believes Brazil will unite after Neymar's injury . VIDEO Klopp analyses Germany's chances .
highlights: Schweinsteiger thinks Brazil have been able to get away with bad tackling . He thinks referees should be harsher on the hosts from now on . Brazil committed 31 fouls against Colombia in their 2-1 quarter-final win . Germany face Brazil in World Cup semi-final in Belo Horizonte on Tuesday . Schweinsteiger says Germany squad is Neymar's injury is 'very sad'
id: 956ee995033f2b02214bd047771a48d5a9295c30
chatgpt: As Germany gear up for their World Cup semi-final match against Brazil in Belo Horizonte on Tuesday, midfielder Bastian Schweinsteiger has called for stricter refereeing against the hosts. Schweinsteiger believes that Brazil have been getting away with bad tackling in their previous games, and that referees need to take a firmer stance to protect the safety of players. "31 fouls is a lot to commit in a single match," said Schweinsteiger, referring to Brazil's quarter-final win against Colombia, in which they committed a staggering 31 fouls. "Referees need to be harsher on the hosts from now on." This is not the first time that Brazil's rough tactics have been called into question during the World Cup. Colombia's James Rodriguez was the victim of a number of hard tackles in their quarter-final match, and Neymar, Brazil's star player, was ruled out of the rest of the tournament after suffering a fractured vertebra in their quarter-final win. Schweinsteiger acknowledged Neymar's injury as "very sad," but stressed that Germany would not change their game plan to take advantage of his absence. "Of course, we wish Neymar a speedy recovery," said Schweinsteiger. "But we are here to play our own game and focus on our own strengths." Germany's strength lies in their experienced squad, many of whom were part of the team that won the 2014 World Cup in Brazil. Schweinsteiger, who has made over 100 appearances for Germany, said that their previous success gave them confidence going into the semi-final. "We have a strong squad with a lot of experience," said Schweinsteiger. "We know what it takes to win at this level, and that gives us confidence." The pressure will be on Brazil, who are playing on home soil and have the weight of expectation on their shoulders. However, Schweinsteiger said that Germany were not feeling the pressure and were ready for the challenge. "We respect Brazil, but we are not afraid of them," said Schweinsteiger. "We are ready to give our best and fight for a place in the final."