article: Fifteen-year-old Zainab Haider should be sitting her end-of-term exams today. She once dreamed of becoming a doctor. Now, as she stares listlessly from her hospital bed, that dream seems impossible. Zainab’s tragedy is that her family home is in northern Iraq, close to the Syrian border. Their city, Tal Afar, was over-run by militants from the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria – ISIS – last week. Beside vigil: Mohamed looks after his daughter Zainab, 15,  who lost both her legs in a bomb attack . In a rocket attack on the house where she was sleeping with her parents and five siblings, Zainab suffered crushing injuries to her legs, and was hit by shrapnel. On Wednesday, she had both legs amputated. Her ten-year-old sister, Fadak, was killed, while her mother Amsha also lost both legs. Her 18-year-old brother Haider is in shock and has not spoken since the attack. In the cluttered orthopaedic ward at Baghdad’s Al-Yarmouk Hospital, where the family were flown because of the severity of their injuries, Zainab’s father Mohamed reveals how he woke his six children and brother’s family at 2.30am last Monday after hearing shelling in his neighbourhood. ‘We are Shia Turkmen and we’ve lived in peace here all our lives,’  he said. ‘Suddenly there were two days of complete war and we had no way to escape from it. ‘I knew I had to do something, to move us all somewhere. I knew about the jihadist criminals and their cruelty. I knew they’d boasted of beheading people and capturing soldiers and executing them. I was in a panic, very afraid. All I knew is we could not stay to be slaughtered. Escaped: A number of children were forced to flee Tal Afar after it was seized by ISIS militants. But the Haider family fear many other civilians have been killed . ‘But when I brought us all into the courtyard, a rocket came in, hitting us all and demolishing my house. ‘My little daughter Fadak died in my arms. All around me, my wife and children were screaming.’ He added: ‘Nothing will ever be the same. ‘We have lost a child, our home and suffered injuries which will last a lifetime. I don’t know what we’re going to do. We want the world to help us stop the fighting.’ The Haider family believes many other civilians have been attacked in Tal Afar. Some 60 Turkmen prisoners in the city jail are said to have been slaughtered, while the UN has reported 150,000 people fleeing to other towns as refugees. Aydm Beyath, Secretary-General of the Federation of Turkmeneli Associations, which represents  the ethnic group, has called on Turkmen to take up arms against ISIS. If Mohamed Haider had remained in Tal Afar, he may have considered that call. But here in a strange city far from home, he can only hope for aid to rescue him and his family.
highlights: Zainab Haider had both legs amputated after attack close to Syrian border . She was sleeping in her house when she was hit by shrapnel and crushed . Her 18-year-old brother Haider is in shock and has not spoken since . Mohamed, her father, describes how they were caught up in two days of war .
id: 8572801ff8bdb3eb485521164c94ca9957f93de0
chatgpt: Zainab Haider, a fourteen-year-old girl, had both her legs amputated after an attack near the Syrian border. She was sleeping in her house when she was hit by shrapnel and trapped under the rubble, crushing her legs. Her family was caught up in two days of war that left her injured and scarred for life. Zainab's story is one of the many tragic stories that have emerged from the ongoing conflict in the region. Mohammed Haider, Zainab's father, described the night of the attack as one of the most terrifying experiences of his life. He recounted how they heard the sound of shells exploding, and before they knew it, their house was hit. Mohammed managed to pull his daughter out of the rubble, but she was severely injured and in need of immediate medical attention. Zainab was rushed to a hospital, where she underwent surgery to remove both her legs. The young girl's life has been forever changed, as she now struggles to come to terms with her disability. Her family has been left to deal with the aftermath of the attack, struggling to find the resources to support her care and adjust to their new reality. Zainab's brother Haider, who witnessed the attack, has been left emotionally traumatized and has not spoken since that fateful night. His family is grappling with how to help him cope with the trauma and move forward with their lives. The ongoing conflict in the region has left many families in similar situations. Innocent civilians, like Zainab, are often caught in the crossfire, and their lives are forever changed in an instant. The war has left deep scars on the community, many of whom are struggling to survive amidst the ongoing violence and uncertainty. The Haider family's story highlights the need for greater support for those affected by the conflict. The humanitarian crisis in the region continues to escalate, leaving millions of people in need of life-saving assistance. Organizations working in the region, such as the United Nations, have been calling for increased aid to support those affected by the conflict. Zainab's story is a tragic reminder of the human toll of war. Her family, like so many others in the region, is struggling to come to terms with the aftermath of the attack. They are one of many families that need support as they try to rebuild their lives amidst the ongoing violence. As the conflict drags on, it is critical that the international community steps up to provide the much-needed support to those affected by the conflict. For families like the Haiders, hope lies in the form of increased aid and support from organizations and governments committed to ending the violence and helping people rebuild their lives.