article: As she positions herself for a potential presidential run in 2016, Hillary Clinton sought to shine her spotlight Monday on one of her longtime goals: narrowing the gender gap around the world through the use of data. The former Secretary of State spoke briefly Monday at an event with former New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg to give a progress report on their joint 2012 initiative known as "data2x" -- an effort intended to spark "a gender data revolution" -- which is a partnership of the Clinton Foundation, Bloomberg Philanthropies and the United Nations Foundation. Clinton noted that her quest to improve the data about the status of women around the world stemmed from her years as Secretary of State when she would try to broach those topics with other world leaders, who would "smile and nod" but often not take the topic seriously. "You can't understand what the problem is if you don't have a good grasp of what the facts and figures are," Clinton said. At the State Department, she learned, she said, that she could not rely solely on the moral argument that women's rights should be considered human rights. Clinton said she wanted to use to data to build a case strong enough "to convince the skeptics, based on hard data and clear-eyed analysis, that creating opportunities for women and girls across the world directly supports everyone's security and prosperity, and therefore should be an enduring part of our diplomacy and development work." "After all, good decisions in government, in business, in life, are based on evidence rather than ideology or gut feelings or anecdotes," Clinton said. The former Secretary of State did not address other topics in the news Monday -- namely last week's release of a Senate Intelligence Committee report on the CIA's use of torture as part of its interrogation practices during the presidency of George W. Bush. (President Obama banned the use of those techniques after taking office in 2009). Clinton has been closely monitoring progress on gender issues since her years as First Lady in the White House. It was at the U.N. Fourth World Conference on Women in Beijing in 1995 that Clinton famously declared that "human rights are women's rights and women's rights are human rights" -- setting the course for her advocacy as a U.S. Senator from New York and later as Secretary of State. She and her daughter, Chelsea Clinton, have targeted their efforts through a Clinton Foundation initiative known as the "No Ceilings" project. At an event in February with her daughter Chelsea and philanthropist Melinda Gates, Clinton announced that the Clinton Foundation and the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation were embarking on a global review to track women's progress across the globe since the 1995 conference. That report will be released next spring.
highlights: Hillary Clinton joins forces with Michael Bloomberg on gender gap . Clinton Foundation report on women's progress slated for spring 2015 . Clinton does not mention torture report at Monday's event .
id: 9ea72970ae8f8603e64bec06bd08a2697a8db4b0
chatgpt: Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has joined forces with former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg to tackle the gender gap. Together, they will launch a new initiative aimed at addressing the disparity between women and men in the areas of education, employment, and pay.  In a press conference on Monday, Clinton and Bloomberg discussed their plans to promote gender equality through various programs and campaigns. Their joint effort comes at a time when women's rights have become a major topic of discussion in the United States and around the world. "Gender equality is not only a moral issue but an economic one," Clinton said. "When women have the tools and opportunities to succeed, we all benefit." The initiative will be supported by the Clinton Foundation, which is set to release a report on women's progress in the spring of 2015. The report will highlight the gains made by women in various sectors, as well as the challenges that still exist.  "By shining a light on these issues, we can work together to create a more equitable society," Bloomberg said. "We need to empower women and girls to reach their full potential." Although Clinton did not mention the recent Senate Intelligence Committee report on CIA torture during the event, it was clear that human rights was still very much on her mind. In an interview with NPR earlier in the day, Clinton called for the release of the torture report and spoke out against any form of torture or mistreatment of prisoners. "Anything that undermines our moral standing in the world as a nation must be avoided," Clinton said. "We need to uphold our values even in the face of difficult circumstances." Clinton's latest endeavor comes as she gears up for a possible presidential run in 2016. With women's issues at the forefront of the political conversation, her partnership with Bloomberg could serve as a major boost to her campaign. Clinton and Bloomberg share a history of supporting women's rights. During his time as mayor, Bloomberg launched a program to reduce the gender wage gap in New York City. Clinton, as the former First Lady and Secretary of State, has been a strong advocate for women's health and reproductive rights. "We share a common goal of creating a more just and equal society," Bloomberg said. "Together, we can make a real difference in the lives of women and girls." The initiative will rely on partnerships with businesses, non-profits, and government agencies to create programs and policies that support gender equality. Clinton and Bloomberg hope to inspire a new wave of activism and advocacy on behalf of women's rights. "Change is possible, but it takes all of us working together," Clinton said. "We need to close the gender gap once and for all."