article: By . Andy Sims, Press Association . Sami Hyypia spent 10 years as a player in the Premier League and is now itching to get back there as a manager. The former Liverpool defender has signed a three-year contract to take over at Brighton following Oscar Garcia's departure at the end of last season. The Seagulls have reached the Championship play-offs in each of the last two campaigns, but both times tumbled out in the semi-finals. Eyes on the prize: Sami Hyypia is aiming for a Premier League return with Brighton . In charge: Hyypia was manager of Bayer Leverkusen until he was sacked in April . So they have turned to 40-year-old Hyypia, a Champions League winner during a successful decade at Anfield, to ensure they do not fall short again. 'The ambition of the club attracted me,' said the Finn. 'Hopefully I can take the club forward in the next three years. 'I'm always confident. Confidence is no bad thing but we need to be realistic. 'The club has had a few good campaigns in the last few years but my job is to make it better. 'Hopefully the progress will continue and I will be a happy man if I can take the club forward. 'I have heard only good things about the club. 'I rang people who know the club and they said only positive things. Everything is perfect - now we have to make it perfect on the field.' Up and down: Brighton crashed out of the Championship play-off semi-final to Derby . Yet again: It was the second consecutive year that Brighton failed to escape the second tier . Result: Oscar Garcia lost his job as Brighton manager in April was Hyypia took over . Hyypia cut his managerial teeth in Germany with Bayer Leverkusen, the club where he finished his illustrious playing career three years ago. He was sacked in April following a run of one win in 12 matches, but insists the experience will stand him in good stead for life in the Championship with the Seagulls. 'It's great to be back in England, where I spent most of playing career,' he added. 'My opportunity was unusual in that 10 months after I stopped playing I was managing a Bundesliga club. 'That was a good school for me. In practice you learn more than when you are at school and I have learned a lot. Hopefully I can bring those things to this club.' Following their convincing play-off defeat by Derby, Brighton chairman Tony Bloom found himself searching for a new manager for the third summer running. But despite turning to a relative rookie in Hyypia, Bloom believes he has unearthed a potential gem. 'When we went through the process we were very open-minded,' he said. 'We were just looking for the best manager and, regardless of age, we think we have him.' Return: Hyypia played in the Premier League with Liverpool for a decade and is aiming for a return .
highlights: Sami Hyypia signs three-year contract to become new Brighton boss after Oscar Garcia's departure . Ex-Liverpool player aims for Premier League return with the Seagulls . Brighton reached Champion play-offs for past two years .
id: c8812f74ff619432065e0654f3174c277101dd15
chatgpt: Brighton & Hove Albion have announced that Sami Hyypia has signed a three-year deal to become the club's new manager. The former Liverpool and Finland international centre-back replaces Oscar Garcia, who resigned earlier this summer after two years in charge. Hyypia had previously managed in the German Bundesliga with Bayer Leverkusen and Finnish national team, but he is now excited to take on the challenge of the English second tier. "I'm absolutely thrilled to be joining Brighton," said Hyypia. "It's a fantastic club with a rich history and passionate fans, and I can't wait to get started. My aim is to take the club back to the Premier League where it belongs, and I'm confident we can achieve that together." Brighton have reached the Championship play-offs for the past two seasons, but came up short on both occasions. However, the club's board believe that Hyypia is the man to help push the Seagulls over the line. Chairman Tony Bloom said: "We're delighted to have Sami on board. He's an experienced and intelligent manager with a proven track record, and we believe he is the right person to take the club forward. We're all looking forward to working with him and seeing what we can achieve together." Hyypia's first task will be to bolster his squad ahead of the new season, which begins in early August. Brighton have already made several signings this summer, including former Aston Villa striker Darren Bent, but the Finnish coach is keen to add further reinforcements. "We're working hard behind the scenes to bring in the right players," said Hyypia. "We need quality and depth across the squad if we're going to challenge at the top of the table. I'm confident we'll be able to make some exciting additions before the start of the season." Hyypia's appointment has been welcomed by Brighton fans, who are optimistic about the future under his leadership. The 41-year old has a reputation for playing attractive and attacking football, and supporters are hoping he can instil that philosophy at the Amex Stadium. "I'm really excited about the appointment of Sami Hyypia," said lifelong Brighton supporter and season ticket holder Lisa Bates. "He's a big name in football and has managed some top teams. I think he'll bring a lot of experience and creativity to the club, and hopefully that will be reflected on the pitch." Brighton's first match of the new Championship season is at home to Sheffield Wednesday on August 9th. It will be Hyypia's first competitive game in charge, and the start of what could be an exciting new chapter in the Seagulls' history.