article: (CNN) -- T-Mobile is making a bid to become the wireless world's "un-carrier," rolling out a plan that will let users update their phones up to twice a year for a modest fee. That's a sharp departure from the traditional model for wireless companies, which usually requires customers to complete a two-year contract before they can get a new smartphone at the discounted rate that makes them affordable. "At some point, big wireless companies made a decision for you that you should have to wait two years to get a new phone for a fair price. That's 730 days of waiting," said John Legere, president and CEO of T-Mobile US, in a written announcement. "(That's) 730 days of watching new phones come out that you can't have. Or having to live with a cracked screen or an outdated camera," he added. "We say two years is just too long to wait." The company's new JUMP! plan will cost $10 a month per phone and includes insurance for phones that are damaged, lost or malfunctioning. Some wireless customers already pay for such protection. Customers can upgrade after being enrolled in the JUMP! program for six months. At a New York event, T-Mobile also announced an expansion of its 4G LTE network, which it says will reach 157 million people in 116 metro areas across the United States. The announcement is part of T-Mobile's newly aggressive approach as the carrier tries to move up from fourth place in market share in the United States. It trails first-place Verizon, then AT&T and Sprint. Research firm comScore says Verizon has about 31% of the market, followed by AT&T at 27%, Sprint at 16% and T-Mobile at about 13%. In March, T-Mobile took another big leap, announcing that it would offer wireless plans with no contract. It also began selling the iPhone 5 for $99 in April.
highlights: New T-Mobile plan lets customers upgrade to a new phone up to twice yearly . The upgrade program, called JUMP!, will cost $10 per month . In March, T-Mobile began offering some plans with no contract . It's all part of a push by T-Mobile to move out of fourth place among U.S. carriers .
id: 42be54d1603081b3fa115a6d9ecc256d1be0485c
chatgpt: T-Mobile has announced a new plan which will allow their customers to upgrade their phone twice a year. This program, called JUMP!, will cost $10 per month and is aimed at customers who want to stay ahead of the latest technology trends. With mobile phone technology advancing at an unprecedented pace, many customers feel left behind as new models are released every year. The JUMP! program from T-Mobile hopes to alleviate this problem by allowing customers to stay up to date with the latest phone models for a low cost. This program is just one of the many changes that T-Mobile has implemented in recent months. In March, the company began offering plans with no contract, allowing customers to switch carriers at any time without incurring any fees. This move has proven popular with consumers and has helped T-Mobile to move out of fourth place among U.S. carriers. The JUMP! program is an extension of T-Mobile's efforts to differentiate themselves from their competitors. According to T-Mobile CEO John Legere, the company's mission is to "take the pain out of wireless" for their customers. By offering affordable upgrade options and flexible plans, T-Mobile hopes to attract more customers and continue to grow. While the JUMP! program does come with a monthly fee, it may be worth it for frequent upgraders. The typical two-year contract cycle for phone upgrades can be frustrating for some customers who want to stay current with the latest technology. With the JUMP! program, these customers can upgrade their phones without breaking the bank. Overall, T-Mobile's new JUMP! program is an innovative solution to a common problem for mobile phone users. With this program, T-Mobile hopes to continue their upward trend and attract even more customers in the years to come.