article: (CNN) -- It's a good bet that Lolo Jones and Lauryn Williams won't be wearing singlets for this Olympics. But it's also safe to assume that -- once again -- they'd be plenty fast. These two U.S. Track and Field stars got one step closer Saturday to another Olympic Games, this time in wintry Russia. They are among the women named Saturday as "push athletes" for the Americans' six-women bobsled team, according to the USA Bobsled and Skeleton Federation. Williams acknowledged the honor with a quick, emphatic message on her Twitter feed to those offering congratulations: "Thank you!" Jones quickly followed suit, while noting that Saturday's announcement means she's part of the national team, but not necessarily off to Sochi this coming winter. The Olympic team will be named in January, though those on the national team certainly have a big leg up on the competition. The others in the same group as Jones and Williams include 2010 Olympian Emily Azevdo, two-time World Champion medalist Katie Eberling, two-time national push champ Aja Evans and Kristi Koplin. Those piloting the American bobsleds are Elana Meyers -- who won a silver medal as last season's World Championship -- as well as Jamie Gruebel and Jazmine Fenlator. These are all accomplished athletes in their own right, though Jones and Williams are probably the most recognizable among the U.S. public. Williams, 30, emerged in 2002 as a U.S. Junior then World Junior champ in the 100-meter dash, the same footrace in which she won the 2004 NCAA crown while attending the University of Miami. That same year, Williams made her Olympic debut -- finishing second in the 100. The Miami resident finished first in the 2005 World Outdoor 100 meters, and was a two-time gold medalist (in 2005 and 2007) in the World Outdoor 4x100 relay. She also made the U.S. Olympic team in 2008 after placing third in the trials. The photogenic Jones may be as recognizable for her commercials and photo shoots in some circles, though she's been a fierce and accomplished track and field athlete in her own right. The Iowa native is an 11-time All-American from her days at Louisiana State University, where she won titles in both sprint relays and the hurdles. In 2008, Jones appeared on top of the track world -- winning the 60-meter hurdles in the World Indoor Championships and being named the VISA Humanitarian Athlete of the Year for good deeds outside the sport. In fact, she entered that summer's Olympics in Beijing as a gold medal favorite, only to trip on a hurdle and finish seventh. She suffered another setback in 2011 when she underwent spinal surgery, yet still managed to make the next year's Olympic team. This time, Jones did better but finished just out of the medals, in fourth.
highlights: Lolo Jones, Lauryn Williams are both accomplished track and field athletes . Each has competed in summer Olympics as sprinters or hurdlers . They're named to the USA national bobsled team . That makes them a step closer to the 2014 Winter Olympics in Russia .
id: 954a1a92c86c001d187ef1c53d1cc2907de4ec77
chatgpt: Two of the most accomplished track and field athletes in the United States, Lolo Jones and Lauryn Williams, have been selected for the USA national bobsled team, which marks a step closer to participating in the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi, Russia. The pair has both previously competed in various summer Olympic Games as sprinters or hurdlers. Jones is a two-time world champion who has represented the U.S. in the Olympics on three occasions. In 2008, in Beijing, she finished seventh in the 100m hurdles, and four years later in London, she finished fourth. She was also a member of the U.S. team at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, participating in the 100m hurdles. Williams, on the other hand, is also an experienced track athlete, having competed at the Summer Olympics in Athens in 2004, Beijing in 2008, and London in 2012. Williams won a gold medal at the Athens Olympics in the 4x100m relay, and a silver medal in the same event at the Beijing Games. Jones and Williams are among ten athletes chosen by the USA bobsled and skeleton organization to join the U.S. national bobsled program for this year's winter sports season. The two are expected to take part in a series of races in the coming months, which will determine who will represent the U.S. at the Winter Olympics in Russia. Jones and Williams, who are both from Louisiana, are relatively new to the sport of bobsledding and have spent the last few months training intensively for it. However, their athletic ability and experience in other sports such as track and field have earned them a spot on the bobsled team. The USA bobsled and skeleton organization decided to recruit elite athletes from other sports into the bobsled program. The aim is to find individuals who have the potential to excel in bobsledding and help the U.S. maintain its status as a major force in the sport. The move to recruit more experienced athletes to the bobsled team seems to be paying off. In the 2010 Winter Olympics held in Vancouver, the U.S. team did not win a medal. However, at the 2014 Games, held in Sochi, Russia, the team brought home two medals, a bronze in two-man bobsled and a silver in four-man. Jones and Williams are both excited to be part of the national bobsled team and are determined to do their best for their country. They are also thrilled to have been given the opportunity to compete in another Olympic event, this time on ice rather than on the track. In an interview, Jones said that the rigors of practicing and competing on the bobsled circuit are very different from her track and field events. However, she is looking forward to the challenge and is excited to see what she can accomplish as part of the national bobsled team. Williams, too, is eager to take on the new challenge. She stated in an interview that she loves the adrenaline rush she gets from bobsledding, the speed, the power, and the rush of the track. She also noted that the strategy and teamwork that are involved in bobsledding are similar to those in track and field. In conclusion, Lolo Jones and Lauryn Williams, two of the most accomplished track and field athletes in the U.S., have been selected for the U.S. national bobsled team. Their inclusion marks a significant step towards participating in the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi, Russia. The bobsled team is counting on the experience and athletic ability of these elite athletes to help them bring home more gold medals.