article: (CNN) -- The eight airlines around the world that have the Boeing 787 Dreamliner in their fleets are set to resume commercial flights of the aircraft by early June. Qatar Airways was the latest airline to confirm it would resume Dreamliner flights between Doha and Dubai this week and a longer service from Doha to London's Heathrow starting May 15. Ethiopian Airlines was the first to recommence passenger flights with a service from Addis Ababa to Nairobi, Kenya, on Saturday. Boeing Dreamliner back in skies in Ethiopia . This week, Japan authorized passenger airlines to resume flying the aircraft in the country starting Friday, officials said. Dreamliner takes flight in Japan . All Nippon Airways and Japan Airlines, which account for 24 of the 50 Dreamliners delivered by Boeing thus far, earlier announced they would resume commercial 787 flights on June 1. United Airlines -- the only U.S. airline to take delivery of the 787 -- has announced it would resume Dreamliner flights from May 31, initially serving the domestic Houston-Denver route. United plans 787 resumption . Polish carrier LOT is planning to resume services June 5, while Air India has said in local reports it is planning to reintroduce its Dreamliners to the skies in May. Chilean airline LAN has announced it plans flights in June. The resumption of services ends a worldwide grounding of the ultra modern Dreamliner of more than three months, after two incidents on jets operated by Japanese airlines called the battery systems into question. Officials later pointed to faulty battery systems in recommending the planes be grounded. Last week, the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration cleared Boeing to make fixes to the problematic battery system. Boeing said it was deploying teams to help the airlines install the redesigned system. In an online posting last Thursday, the FAA outlined the modifications necessary for the Dreamliner to fly again. The Dreamliner's use of lightweight composite materials to greatly improve fuel economy has made it a big seller in Asia and the Middle East, where long-haul flights account for much of an airline's business. CNN's Yoko Wakatusi, Greg Botelho and Aaron Cooper contributed to this report.
highlights: Eight airlines operate the Dreamliner . Ethiopian Airlines resumed services on Saturday . The rescheduling of flights comes after the FAA lifted the grounding of the 787 . Boeing is working with the airlines to replace battery systems .
id: e19ebb5a7290f197e9e6dbf2a1a2a3c14bc0b01a
chatgpt: On Saturday, Ethiopian Airlines resumed services for their Boeing 787 Dreamliners. The airline is one of eight that operate the Dreamliner model, and the resumption of flights came after the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) lifted the grounding of the aircraft.  Since the grounding, Boeing has been working closely with the airlines to replace battery systems and improve safety measures. The decision to ground the Dreamliner was made following a series of battery-related incidents in 2013, which affected the aircraft's reputation and caused significant losses for airlines. The FAA spent several months investigating the issue and worked closely with Boeing to develop a solution. In April 2013, the agency approved the manufacturer's plan to redesign the battery system and install new safety features. Since then, Boeing has been working with airlines to retrofit their aircraft with the updated systems. Ethiopian Airlines is now the first airline to resume services for the Dreamliner after the FAA lifted the grounding. The airline's first flight following the grounding departed from Addis Ababa and arrived in Nairobi on Saturday. According to Ethiopian Airlines CEO, Tewolde GebreMariam, the airline is excited to resume services for the Dreamliner and is confident in the updated battery systems. "We are very happy to have the Dreamliner back in our fleet," he said. "We have full confidence in the updated battery system and are committed to providing our customers with a safe and reliable flying experience." Other airlines that operate the Dreamliner, including Japan's All Nippon Airways and United Airlines in the US, are expected to resume services in the coming months. These airlines have also been working with Boeing to retrofit their aircraft with the updated systems. The resumption of services for the Dreamliner is a significant milestone for both Boeing and the airlines that operate the aircraft. The grounding of the aircraft was a major setback for Boeing, which had invested heavily in the technology behind the Dreamliner. The manufacturer has since taken steps to improve the safety and reliability of the aircraft, and the resumption of flights is a sign that these efforts have been successful. For airlines, the Dreamliner is a popular aircraft choice thanks to its fuel efficiency and range. The resumption of services will allow these airlines to offer passengers a unique and comfortable flying experience while also improving their bottom line.