article: By . Sophie Jane Evans . PUBLISHED: . 10:13 EST, 27 September 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 12:50 EST, 27 September 2013 . Chelsea Clinton has revealed that her mother Hillary beats her father Bill at Scrabble - but diplomatically added that the former President is a very good Boggle player. And while Mr Clinton and his ex-Secretary of State wife are used to waging political war with words, it would seem they are equally likely to clash with consonants in their own home. Chelsea, 33, opened up about family . game nights in the Clinton household - claiming she and her parents all . get 'deeply competitive'. Scroll down for video . 'Deeply competitive': Chelsea Clinton has told Piers Morgan that her mother Hillary beats her father Bill at Scrabble . 'We generally are a card playing family', she said in an interview on CNN's Piers Morgan Live last night. 'We play Pinochle, Spades, Hearts, all the variants of Rummy'. She revealed that family competitions usually yield results of 'pretty equal distribution' - with each of the Clintons winning about 33 per cent of the card games played. However, it would appear each member of the former first family has their own strength. Fair: The 33-year-old revealed that family competitions usually yield results of 'pretty equal distribution' - with each of the Clintons winning about 33 per cent of the card games played . 'My mother is very good in Scrabble,' said the blonde beauty. 'In Boggle, my father is probably better... he's probably the best Boggler.' Scrabble sees players score points by placing tiled letters on to a gameboard, while Boggle uses a plastic grid of lettered dice, in which players attempt to find words in sequences of adjacent letters. Chelsea added that she and her parents were 'equally good' at Upwords - where letters can be stacked on top of other letters already on the gameboard to create new words. Champion: Ex-Secretary of State Hilary is 'very good' at Scrabble, says her daughter Chelsea . Speciality: On the other hand, former President Bill is said to be the 'best' at Boggle . Piers then asked the Oxford University graduate - who married investment banker Marc Mezvinsky in 2010 - if she had a speciality. 'I do really well in the traditional board games: Backgammon, Checkers,' replied Chelsea. The Clinton family met with other leading political figures at the Clinton Global Initiative's annual meeting in New York on Tuesday. The three-day conference that 'convenes global leaders to create and implement innovative solutions to the world's most pressing challenges' included speeches from Bono, Bill Gates and President Barack Obama.
highlights: Chelsea Clinton revealed ex-Secretary of State Hillary is 'very good' at Scrabble, while former President Bill is 'the best' at Boggle . She said family game nights get 'deeply competitive'
id: 651f9edc245c7a6016a98ba35778f0e7a7951535
chatgpt: Chelsea Clinton, the daughter of former President Bill Clinton and former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, recently gave some insight into the competitive nature of the Clinton family game nights. According to Chelsea, her mother is a "very good" Scrabble player, while her father is "the best" at Boggle. In an interview with People, Chelsea explained that game nights with her family get "deeply competitive." With both parents being so skilled at different games, it's no surprise that tensions run high during these game nights. Chelsea even joked that the family might need to bring in a referee to keep things fair. Despite the competitiveness, it's clear that the Clinton family enjoys their game nights. Chelsea spoke fondly of the memories they've made over the years while playing together. She explained that the family has a tradition of playing Scrabble on Christmas Day, and that it's always a highlight of the holiday for everyone. While the Clintons' love of Scrabble and Boggle might seem like a small detail, it's not the first time that their affinity for games has been in the news. In fact, some have even speculated that the Clintons' love of games might have played a role in Hillary's loss in the 2016 presidential election. During the campaign, Hillary made headlines when she told a group of supporters that she was "just chilling" while playing Pokémon Go. Some criticized her for seemingly being out of touch with the everyday activities of her constituents. However, others pointed out that the Clintons' love of games is not unique, and that many families enjoy playing games together. Regardless of any speculation, it's clear that the Clintons enjoy spending time together as a family. And while their game nights might get a little heated from time to time, the love they have for each other always shines through. So the next time you're sitting down to play a game of Scrabble or Boggle with your family, know that you're in good company. Even the Clintons enjoy a good game night every once in a while.