article: (CNN) -- Hashim Amla became the first South African to score a triple century in Test cricket as his side dominated No.1 ranked England at The Oval Sunday. Amla was 311 not out as South Africa declared on a massive 637 for two wickets before taking four cheap England wickets by the close of the fourth day. It left England needing 150 runs to avoid a humiliating innings defeat with only six wickets left. Amla shared a record 377 unbroken stand for the third wicket with Jacques Kallis, who was 182 not out when captain Graeme Smith called his men in. The previous Test best for South Africa had come from current teammate AB de Villiers, who hit 278 not out against Pakistan in Abu Dhabi in 2010-11. "I am happy, surprised and really excited that I managed to do something that has never been done before by a South African, but the biggest pleasure is that the team is in a dominant position to win this Test match," Amla told gathered reports. "I didn't dream about getting 300," he added. "I've always been a person who never sets goals. In many ways that helps you because you can keep going without being limited." Amla batted for just over 13 hours and hit 35 fours, including a boundary off Tim Bresnan when on 299, lofting it over the infield before taking a prolonged standing ovation from the crowd. They had seen England's much-vaunted bowling attack blunted on a docile pitch with Kallis reaching his 43rd Test ton in tandem. England took only one wicket in nearly two days of play, but South Africa's bowlers made significant inroads when the home side batted again. Alastair Cook, who hit a century in the first innings, was caught behind off Vernon Philander off the eighth ball of the innings without scoring. Dale Steyn then quickly removed Jonathan Trott, caught behind off a superb delivery. Kevin Pietersen hit three boundaries in his stay for 16 until being bowled by Morne Morkel. When England captain Andrew Strauss top-edged a sweep against leg-spinner Imran Tahir to go for 27 his side were in deep trouble. Their hopes of avoiding defeat and going one down in a three-Test series will rest with Ian Bell and Ravi Bopara when play resumes Monday.
highlights: Hashim Amla hits undefeated triple century in first Test against England . First time South African to achieve the feat in Tests . No.1 ranked England in trouble at end of fourth day . They trail by 150 runs with only six wickets left .
id: 92dd01495a2c9134d630762cff15e14f2327975c
chatgpt: South African cricketer Hashim Amla made history as he hit an undefeated triple century against England in the first Test match. This feat has never been achieved by a South African player in Test cricket. Amla, who is known for his brilliant performances in the sport, played a remarkable innings and remained undefeated on 311 runs. He hit 35 boundaries during his innings, which lasted for almost 14 hours. His performance proved to be a nightmare for the English team as they struggled to take his wicket. England, who are ranked as the No.1 Test team in the world, are now in trouble as they trail behind South Africa by 150 runs with only six wickets left. The end of the fourth day saw England struggling to take control of the game and they will face a tough challenge on the final day of the Test match. Amla's record-breaking innings was praised by cricket legends across the world. South Africa's former captain Graeme Smith congratulated him on his achievement, calling it "one of the greatest innings of all time". Smith added that Amla's dedication and hard work had paid off. England's captain Alastair Cook also praised Amla's innings, acknowledging that his team had no answers to Amla's batting expertise. Cook said that Amla's performance was a testament to his skill and talent and that England would have to come up with a better strategy to take his wicket in future Test matches. Amla's triple century was a showcase of his incredible skill as a batsman. The South African team will be hoping that this performance is the start of an upward trajectory for their own rankings in the world of Test cricket. As the final day of the Test match approaches, England will be looking for a miraculous comeback to secure a victory. However, with their top players struggling to contain Amla's performance, it seems that South Africa has the upper hand. Amla's undefeated triple century may be the start of a new era for South African cricket. His performance has left a mark on the world of cricket and will be remembered for years to come.