article: (CNN) -- Real estate mogul, reality TV star and possible Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump told people to "stay tuned" for an unveiling of his net worth, promising more details as he addresses questions about his wealth. "If I run for office, you are going to know exactly what I'm worth," Trump told CNN's "In the Arena," which has been investigating his finances. "You're going to know where the banks are, how much I have in the bank." In recent months, Trump has touted his wealth as a possible asset -- and evidence of his business acumen -- as he considers whether to run against President Barack Obama in 2012. He said Sunday on CNN's "State of the Union" that his "net worth is many, many, many times" that of Republican Mitt Romney, a former Massachusetts governor who has announced his plans to run. "I built a very big net worth and I'd like to put that ability ... to work for this country," Trump said. On Friday, Trump continued to play up his wealth, coupled with how he has run his business. "I have built a great company." Trump said. "I have built a company that has very little debt, has a lot of cash and I have one of the best locations anywhere in the United States." Eliot Spitzer, the host of "In the Arena," and CNN Senior Legal Analyst Jeffrey Toobin are digging into a sworn deposition given by Trump in a 2007 libel case calling into question his net worth. "Hopefully you will find out, because this country is such in bad shape somebody has to do something as quickly as possible," Trump said. Earlier in the day, he told CNN National Correspondent Susan Candiotti that his accountants are already hard at work on the financial paperwork required of presidential candidates. "They're in the process," said "The Apprentice" star. Trump vowed that any financial disclosure will be released "simultaneously" if and when he announces that he's running for president. Forbes magazine lists Trump's net worth at $2.7 billion -- a figure that he derided as "very, very low relative to what my real net worth is." In 2004, Trump lost majority control of his casino business under a bankruptcy restructuring plan. The company cited a weak economy and burdensome interest payments as reasons for the restructuring. Trump Entertainment Resorts filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in February 2009, according to court documents filed in Camden, New Jersey. Trump quit his position as chairman of that company, which had total assets of $2.06 billion and total debts of $1.74 billion. Around that same time, nine other of Trump Entertainment's associated companies filed for bankruptcy protection, including Trump Taj Majal Associates, Trump Marina Associates and Trump Plaza Associates.
highlights: Donald Trump says: "If I run for office, you are going to know exactly what I'm worth" The real estate mogul recently has been playing up his wealth and business acumen . Trump is considering whether to run for president in 2012 as a Republican .
id: c94b62b343980bd1af2e1cf735c3eb9882f12d60
chatgpt: Donald Trump, the real estate mogul known for his larger than life persona, has been making headlines lately for his potential run for president in 2012. As part of his pre-campaign efforts, Trump has been expanding on his wealth and business acumen, declaring that transparency will be key if he decides to officially throw his hat in the ring. "If I run for office, you are going to know exactly what I'm worth," Trump declared in a recent interview. This statement was in response to mounting criticism that the billionaire may not be as wealthy as he claims to be. Trump has long touted himself as a self-made billionaire, but some financial experts have raised doubts about his net worth. However, Trump has remained undeterred and has continued to emphasize the importance of his financial achievements. In a recent tweet, he stated, "I have made billions of dollars in business making deals all over the world. That is what I do, and I love it!" Trump's wealth and business experience have been key talking points in his potential presidential campaign. He has often touted his ability to create jobs and stimulate the economy, and has criticized current politicians for their lack of business experience. "I think I would be a great president," Trump declared in a recent interview. "I'm a businessman, I know how to create jobs, I know how to negotiate. We need that kind of leadership in this country." Despite his confidence, Trump has not officially announced his candidacy for president. He is currently considering running as a Republican, and has already made several appearances at Republican events. Trump's potential candidacy has generated buzz and controversy, with some praising his no-nonsense attitude and business acumen, while others criticize his lack of political experience and controversial past statements. Regardless of where one stands on Trump's presidential aspirations, it is clear that if he decides to run for office, his net worth and business experience will be significant factors in his campaign. Trump's declaration of transparency in his finances may also set a precedent for future political candidates and their wealth disclosures. Only time will tell if Donald Trump will officially declare his candidacy for president in 2012. But one thing is certain: if he does decide to run, his wealth and business experience will be at the forefront of his campaign.