article: Washington (CNN) -- The FBI lab has made strides in cutting down its backlog of forensic DNA cases, according to a report released Tuesday by the Justice Department's Office of Inspector General. As of March 2012 the backlog stood at 403 cases compared to 3,211 cases two years prior. The report attributed the improvement to increased use of automation, more staff and a focus on using DNA analysis in situations in which it's most likely to yield useful results. The FBI lab tests biological evidence found at crime scenes and items like envelopes, drinking glasses and articles of clothing. The lab does the work for not just the FBI but also for local police departments that don't have forensic labs. FBI, Justice Department reviewing forensic evidence in thousands of cases . The report found the biggest reduction in cases came in the area of nuclear DNA, in which biological fluids like blood and semen are analyzed. There was not as large a drop in the backlog of cases involving mitochondrial DNA, which looks at such things as teeth, hair and highly degraded fragments of bones. According to the inspector general, the FBI decided not to examine samples in 300 of the backlogged mitochondrial DNA cases that came from the FBI's Terrorist Explosive Device Analytical Center. The report said it had been policy to submit all hairs found on improvised explosive devices. "The FBI told us that there have been no documented instances for which probative results were generated from these mitochondrial DNA examinations," said the report. The FBI changed its policy on analyzing samples from all such cases. The inspector general said a previous report found the FBI lab doesn't have a system to electronically manage lab information and that was still the case as of June. The report said the FBI spent at least $14 million since 2003 on two failed attempts to come up with such a system. The inspector general said the FBI is trying to develop a new system. High court lets controversial criminal DNA collection law stay in place for now .
highlights: Backlog drops from 3,211 to 403 in two years, report says . FBI lab tests biological evidence found at crime scenes for FBI, other agencies . Report attributeds improvement to increased use of automation, more staff .
id: 1d5775a290b1a03936a5da001f2bcc0add9b9297
chatgpt: According to a recently released report, the backlog of biological evidence tested by the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) lab has significantly decreased over a two-year period. The report states that the backlog has dropped from 3,211 cases down to 403. This news is a significant accomplishment for the FBI as they are responsible for testing biological evidence from crime scenes not only for their agency but for other agencies as well. With a backlog of over 3,000 cases, it posed a challenge to the FBI to meet the demands of other agencies. The report attributed this improvement to two major factors. The increased use of automation and an increase in staff. The FBI lab has implemented several automated systems to aid in the testing process. With the help of robotics and other automated technologies, the lab can now process biological evidence with more accuracy and speed than ever before. Additionally, the report mentions that the FBI has increased their staffing levels significantly over the past two years. This has allowed them to process cases faster and with more accuracy than in the past. “This is a remarkable accomplishment for our lab,” stated the FBI Director, Christopher Wray. “The reduction in the backlog of cases is a testament to the hard work and dedication of the staff at the lab. They have truly gone above and beyond to ensure that justice is served for victims of crime.” The FBI lab performs critical work in the criminal justice system by providing forensic evidence that can link suspects to crimes. With this recent improvement, more cases can now be processed in a timely and accurate manner, which may help solve cold cases and provide closure for victims and their families. Although the report is positive, the FBI acknowledges that there is still work to be done. They recognize the importance of the work they do and will continue to work towards improving their processes and delivering accurate and timely results. In conclusion, the significant reduction of the backlog of biological evidence tested in the FBI lab is a remarkable achievement. With the use of automation and increased staffing, the FBI has made significant strides towards delivering more accurate and timely results. The FBI will continue to strive towards excellence and provide justice for victims of crime.