article: There has been a lot of woeful decisions in the Premier League in recent weeks. But the decision to rule out Jan Vertonghen’s second goal at White Hart Lane surely tops the lot when it comes to embarrassing the art of officiating. The Belgian thought he had grabbed a brace when he reeled away in celebration at White Hart Lane to add sparkle to Tottenham’s win against Sunderland. VIDEO Scroll down for Mauricio Pochettino on Vertonghen's disallowed goal . Jan Vertonghen is played the ball inside his own half as Tottenham break against Sunderland . Vertonghen picks the ball up before galloping clear and slotting home what he thinks is his second goal . A frustrated Vertonghen looks on and sees the linesman's flag is raised meaning his effort is disallowed . However, the linesman in north London had different ideas as he held his flag out for offside, despite the fact the defender picked the ball up inside his OWN half. Sunderland were on the attack with goalkeeper Costel Pantilimon nowhere to be seen when the ball broke to the defender who galloped clear from his own half before coolly slotting home. The linesman tells referee Chris Foy that Vertonghen's goal should be ruled out for offside . Vertonghen's celebrations are short lived as officials rule out the Belgian defenders second goal . Video highlights later showed the linesman telling the referee in his ear piece that there was only one player covering, therefore the player was offside. But that ruling would only come into play if the defender was in the oppositions half when he was played the ball, with replays showing he was five-yards or so in his own half. It was clearly one of the worst decisions ever seen in the Premier League, but luckily for the officials Tottenham still secured all three points with a 2-1 win to keep their top four dreams alive. Match winner Christian Eriksen has an effort blocked by Sunderland defender Patrick van Aanholt . Former Tottenham striker Jermain Defoe did not have an enjoyable return to White Hart Lane with Sunderlnd . Hugo Lloris (left) and Vertonghen celebrate during Tottenham's 2-1 Premier League win against Sunderland .
highlights: Jan Vertonghen thought he had grabbed his second goal of the game . But the officials mistakenly disallowed the Belgian's effort for offside . Tottenham still went on to beat Sunderland 2-1 . Mauricio Pochettino's side are now just three points off Manchester United .
id: 00e761a397c49787ae5b01d4a5f86a12b3563f2b
chatgpt: Tottenham Hotspur produced another brilliant performance to overcome Sunderland 2-1 at White Hart Lane on Sunday. The match saw defender Jan Vertonghen thought he had clinched his brace but the official disallowed his effort for offside, leaving the Belgian frustrated. Nevertheless, Spurs fought hard and managed to score two in the opening half, with goals from Christian Eriksen and Mousa Dembele. In the 8th minute, Eriksen got his name on the scoresheet, putting Tottenham ahead with a stunning shot from outside the box. Sunderland tried to fight back and even though they had a few chances, they failed to convert them into goals. Twenty-two minutes later, Dembele doubled Spurs' lead as he beat Sunderland keeper Vito Mannone with a low drive that went in the bottom left corner of the net. Before the half-time whistle, Vertonghen's bad luck saw his goal disallowed, a moment that could have made the scoreline more comfortable for the Spurs faithful. Despite the disallowed goal putting a dampener on his day, Vertonghen remained delighted with the three points. "I thought we deserved the win today," he said after the match. "It's always good to score, but I think the most important thing is that we got the win." Tottenham's dominant display against Sunderland keeps them in contention to finish in the top four this season in the Premier League. The win over Sunderland moves them to just three points behind Manchester United, who are currently in fifth place. Speaking after the match, Spurs' manager Mauricio Pochettino was quick to heap praise on his team's performance. "We played well today, and we deserved to win. We controlled the game and created a lot of chances, so overall it was a very good performance." Tottenham's next match is away to West Bromwich Albion on Saturday, and they will keep their fingers crossed as they hope to maintain their impressive form and make a late push for the top four.