article: George Zimmerman, set to stand trial in the 2012 shooting death of teenager Trayvon Martin, on Tuesday waived his right to a "stand your ground" pretrial immunity hearing. Zimmerman's attorneys have decided they will try this as a self-defense case. Florida's deadly force law, also called "stand your ground", was passed in 2005. It allows people to meet "force with force" if they believe they or someone else is in danger of being seriously harmed by an assailant. Under the law, a person can use deadly force anywhere as long as he is not engaged in an unlawful activity, is being attacked in a place he has a right to be, and reasonably believes that his life and safety are in danger as a result of an overt act or perceived threat committed by someone else. In a pretrial immunity hearing, a judge would have ruled whether Zimmerman's actions were protected under the "stand your ground" law; a ruling in favor of the defendant would have meant that no criminal or civil trial could proceed. Martin was shot and killed on February 26, 2012, while returning from a nearby convenience store to his father's fiancée's house in a gated community in Sanford, Florida. Zimmerman, a neighborhood watch captain, acknowledged that he shot the unarmed 17-year-old, but said Martin physically attacked him and he fired in self-defense. Initially, no charges were pursued, and the case soon became the center of a national controversy. Zimmerman was charged with second-degree murder on April 11, 2012. During Tuesday's motions hearing, Zimmerman defense attorney Mark O'Mara told Judge Debra Nelson there was nothing in the law that required the immunity hearing to take place before Zimmerman's trial. O'Mara said the hearing could be requested after the defense has presented its case, but "we'd much rather have the jury address the issue of criminal liability or lack thereof." Benjamin Crump, attorney for the Martin family, said Zimmerman's decision to "merge" the hearing and the trial "is very telling of his defense, or lack thereof." "We believe the defense's decision to waive a pretrial hearing and to merge the 'stand your ground' hearing into the trial is to prevent putting George Zimmerman on the stand," Crump said in a press release, "and to preclude the public and the potential jury pool from previewing the many inconsistencies in George Zimmerman's story." Crump said a pretrial hearing was clearly the intent of state law because the statute "grants immunity from civil lawsuits, arrests and trials, if a defendant prevails." Crump continued: "... the decision made by the defense to waive a pretrial hearing and to solely continue on to trial vindicates the many thousands of protesters who demanded George Zimmerman be arrested for the killing of Trayvon Martin. After all, to have a felony criminal trial an arrest must first be made." After the motions hearing ended, prosecutors and defense attorneys were to meet in private with the judge to discuss jury issues for the June 10 trial.
highlights: George Zimmerman waives his right to a "stand your ground" pretrial immunity hearing . Zimmerman's attorneys have instead decided to argue self-defense . Zimmerman is set to stand trial for the February 2012 shooting death of Trayvon Martin .
id: b52915feadad66f83cc762ecc16a193a851c40aa
chatgpt: George Zimmerman, the Florida man charged with the shooting death of teenager Trayvon Martin in 2012, has decided to waive his right to a "stand your ground" pretrial immunity hearing. The hearing, which was scheduled for April 22, would have allowed Zimmerman to argue that he acted in self-defense when he shot Martin. However, Zimmerman's attorneys have decided to argue self-defense at trial instead. Zimmerman's decision puts the focus squarely on the upcoming trial, which is scheduled to begin on June 10. If convicted, Zimmerman could face life in prison. The trial has garnered national attention and sparked debates about race, gun laws, and self-defense. Zimmerman's decision to waive the "stand your ground" hearing was not unexpected. Legal experts say that it is often difficult for defendants to win immunity under the "stand your ground" law, which allows individuals to use lethal force in self-defense without having to retreat from a dangerous situation. In addition, a victory at the hearing would not have guaranteed Zimmerman's freedom. Prosecutors could have appealed the ruling, and a judge could have later decided that jurors could still consider self-defense at trial. Zimmerman's attorneys have indicated that they will argue that Zimmerman acted in self-defense when he shot Martin. They have said that Zimmerman was being attacked by Martin and feared for his life. Prosecutors, however, argue that Zimmerman's actions were racially motivated and that he profiled Martin, a black teenager who was unarmed at the time of the shooting. The case has sparked protests and fueled discussions about race in America. Critics have accused Zimmerman of racially profiling Martin and using excessive force. Supporters of Zimmerman, on the other hand, argue that he was simply defending himself. The case has also sparked debates about gun laws and self-defense. In 2017, Florida lawmakers revised the state's "stand your ground" law, making it easier for defendants to argue self-defense. The revised law shifts the burden of proof from the defendant to prosecutors, meaning that prosecutors must prove that the defendant did not act in self-defense. The move was criticized by gun control advocates, who argue that it will make it easier for people to get away with murder. The upcoming trial will be closely watched by people across the country. It will be up to a jury to decide whether Zimmerman acted in self-defense or committed murder. Whatever the outcome, the case is likely to continue to spark debates about race, gun laws, and self-defense. In the wake of the shooting, Martin's family has become vocal advocates for gun control and criminal justice reform. They have also founded the Trayvon Martin Foundation, which aims to raise awareness about gun violence and provide support to families affected by it. Whatever the outcome of the trial, the shooting of Trayvon Martin is sure to continue to be a contentious issue in America. The case has raised important questions about race, justice, and the right to self-defense. As the trial approaches, Americans will be watching to see what happens next.