article: Paris (CNN) -- France votes Sunday in a presidential runoff pitting incumbent Nicolas Sarkozy against Francois Hollande in an election dominated by economy, unemployment and immigration concerns. Campaigning concluded at midnight Friday. In the first round of voting, nearly a fifth of voters backed far-right National Front leader Marine Le Pen -- who wants to limit the number of immigrants entering France -- leading both candidates to reach out to her supporters. In his final address Friday in Paris, Sarkozy, of the center-right UMP party, picked up on the debate over immigration as he appealed for the support of the whole nation. "I've always said that France needs to remain an open and profoundly humanistic country, but there is a reality that is that we have welcomed more people in France than we can manage," he said. "I'm not speaking to the right, the left or the center, this is a presidential election. I am president of France. I must speak to the French, no matter who they are." Hollande, of the center-left Socialist party, also appealed for unity at his final rally in Perigueux, southwestern France. "If so many of you have come today, it's because you know that Sunday you will make an important choice for our future. If there are so many of you, it's because you want to express your worry, and you have expressed this in multiple ways in the first round of the elections," he said. "There have been votes in this very neighborhood that went to the National Front. We have the responsibility to unite, to reconcile. I don't want a France that is divided." The two rivals traded insults earlier this week in the only televised head-to-head debate of the campaign. Sarkozy labeled Hollande a liar and a "little slanderer" while Hollande accused the president of shirking his responsibilities, cronyism and favoring the privileged over France's poor. Sarkozy has defended his economic record, despite low growth and unemployment at close to 10%, saying the impact of Europe's debt crisis could have been far worse. Both candidates have been working hard to reach out to France's undecided voters in the two weeks since the first-round vote on April 22 left them the only two still in the race. Centrist Francois Bayrou, who took 9% of the first round vote, delivered a boost to Hollande's campaign Thursday when he said he would vote for the Socialist, and urged his supporters to vote according to their conscience. Le Pen, who said she would cast a blank vote on Sunday, declined to endorse either candidate. Under French election law, no opinion polls or partial results can be published before the polls close at 8 p.m. local time (2 p.m. ET) Sunday. If elected, Hollande would be France's first left-wing president since Francois Mitterrand left office in 1995. Sarkozy has been president since 2007. CNN's Saskya Vandoorne and Stephanie Halasz contributed to this report.
highlights: President Nicolas Sarkozy and challenger Francois Hollande compete in a runoff . The pair wrapped up their election campaigns Friday . Sarkozy: "I am president of France. I must speak to the French, no matter who they are" Hollande: "We have the responsibility to unite, to reconcile"
id: 813d1a365d9615828550614f41e0a5cfc9679520
chatgpt: In a tightly contested battle, incumbent President Nicolas Sarkozy and his challenger Francois Hollande are set to face off in a runoff election in France. The two candidates wrapped up their election campaigns on May 4 with a flurry of rallies and speeches, seeking to sway undecided voters. President Sarkozy, who has been in power since 2007, sought to highlight his experience and his record in office. "I am president of France. I must speak to the French, no matter who they are," he said in a speech in Paris. "I have been a leader during some of the most challenging times in our country's history, and I have always put the interests of the French people first." Sarkozy, a member of the center-right party The Republicans, has been criticized by some for his handling of the economy and for his perceived closeness to the wealthy elite. But he has emphasized his accomplishments, including his efforts to reform the pension system, his support for French businesses, and his tough talk on immigration. Meanwhile, Hollande, who served as the First Secretary of the Socialist Party from 1997 to 2008, sought to strike a more conciliatory tone. "We have the responsibility to unite, to reconcile," he said in a speech at a rally in Bordeaux. "We cannot allow the divisions of the past to continue to divide us. We must come together as a nation, and work towards a brighter future." Hollande, who leads the center-left Socialist Party, has campaigned on a platform of economic growth, job creation, and social justice. He has criticized Sarkozy's economic policies as favoring the rich at the expense of the middle class and low-income earners. Hollande has promised to raise taxes on the wealthy, create jobs, and invest in education and healthcare. The two candidates also differ on foreign policy. Sarkozy has been a staunch supporter of the United States, and has taken a tough stance on Iran and Syria. Hollande, on the other hand, has emphasized his opposition to NATO intervention in Libya, and has called for a more independent foreign policy for France. The outcome of the election is uncertain, with recent polls showing the two candidates neck and neck. Some analysts predict that Sarkozy's experience and tough talk on issues such as immigration and security could win him support among conservative voters, while Hollande's promises of economic and social reform could appeal to centrist and left-leaning voters. Whoever wins the election will face a challenging road ahead. France, like many other countries in Europe, has been struggling with high unemployment, slow economic growth, and mounting public debt. The winner will have to work hard to address these issues, and to unite a country that has been deeply divided in recent years. As the final days of the campaign approach, both Sarkozy and Hollande are making their final appeals to voters. The outcome of the election will have far-reaching implications for France and for Europe as a whole, as France remains a key player in the European Union and on the global stage.