article: By . Snejana Farberov . The son of Democratic Sen. Mark Udall has . pleaded guilty to burglary and breaking into cars in Colorado under a . deferred judgment agreement. Jedediah . Fox-Udall, 26, entered his plea Thursday and was sentenced to four years . of supervision. If he stays out of trouble and meets the terms of his . supervision, including paying restitution, the case will be dismissed . and he will not be convicted. Deal made: Jedediah Lee Fox-Udall (left), was in court Thursday to plead guilty to charges of trespassing and burglary in deferred judgement deal. He is the son of Senator Mark Udall (right), a Democrat from Colorado . The Colorado senator's son was arrested in January after he was accused of breaking into a home . and cars in Eldorado Springs in Boulder County. At the time, . investigators say he admitted using heroin in the previous two days. He . later enrolled in an addiction treatment program. Fox-Udall pleaded guilty to two felonies — burglary and auto trespass. 'I fully accept responsibility for my actions,' Fox-Udall said in a statement after his sentencing. 'I am deeply sorry for the toll they have taken on the individuals impacted in this incident, and my family and friends. 'I am continuing to work on learning from my mistakes and will put in the work going forward that is necessary and required of me. I am committed to putting my life back into healthy balance.' Prosecutors say deferred judgments are common for people who commit non-violent crimes. Deputies say after they arrested Fox-Udall January 30, he told them he had recently used heroin, but prosecutors say no heroin was found and he wasn't charged with drug possession. His lawyer, Alex Garlin, said during a hearing in February that Fox-Udall was 'dedicated to turning his life around.' 'Maggie and I are deeply distressed to learn of our son's arrest,’ Sen. Mark Udall said in a statement to the Boulder Daily Camera following the arrest. ‘We love our son and stand with him in his commitment to getting the treatment he needs. We appreciate the private space to deal with this as a family.’ Udall is a Democrat from Colorado who represented the region in the House of Representatives before winning his Senate seat in 2008. Senator Udall is running for re-election this year. Last July, Senator Udall's brother James 'Randy' Udall, 61, was found dead after a hiking trip in Pinedale, Wyoming. The Udalls have a long, illustrious history as politicians in Western states. The Senator’s cousin Tom Udall is the senior U.S. Senator from New Mexico and cousin Gordon Smith was a U.S. Senator from Oregon until 2008. His uncle, Stewart Udall, was Interior secretary in the 1960s. His father was the late U.S. Rep. Morris ‘Mo’ Udall of Arizona.
highlights: Jedediah Lee Fox-Udall entered plea under deferred judgement agreement and was sentenced to four years of supervision . Fox-Udall was arrested January 30 after breaking into a home and four cars . The 26-year-old  is the son of Colorado Senator Mark Udall, who is up for re-election this year . Fox-Udall claimed he was high on heroin at the time of the crimes .
id: 720094a66919794c5caf9e8c34437f71d6f7ca41
chatgpt: Jedediah Lee Fox-Udall, son of Colorado Senator Mark Udall, recently entered a plea under a deferred judgement agreement and was sentenced to four years of supervision following his arrest on January 30. The 26-year-old was taken into custody after breaking into a home and four cars. Fox-Udall was under the influence of heroin at the time of the crimes, according to his claims. The incident occurred earlier this year and Fox-Udall’s case has since been under close scrutiny, given his connections to the political arena. His father, Senator Mark Udall, is currently up for re-election this year and this certainly makes the case much more high-profile than it would otherwise have been. Following his arrest, Fox-Udall was charged with a number of offenses, including criminal trespass, auto theft, and criminal mischief. However, he was able to avoid a prison sentence thanks to a plea deal that saw him receive four years of supervision instead. This sentence may seem lenient to some, but it should be noted that Fox-Udall is also required to complete a drug treatment program as part of the terms of his punishment. If he violates the conditions of his supervision in any way, he could still face a lengthy prison sentence. During his hearing, Fox-Udall expressed remorse for his actions and took full responsibility for breaking into the homes and cars. His attorney also explained that the defendant had battled with drug addiction for a number of years and that this was a contributory cause of his actions. Despite this, Fox-Udall’s case has caused a considerable amount of controversy and has put Senator Mark Udall under a considerable amount of pressure. Some have accused the senator of trying to influence the case due to his position in politics, while others argue that his son deserves the same rights as anyone else in the system. The sentencing hearing itself was not attended by many high-profile individuals from the political world, perhaps due to the sensitivities surrounding the case. However, Fox-Udall’s father Mark released a comment stating that he was “heartbroken” by his son’s actions and that he was “committed to helping him through this difficult time” through both physical and emotional support. It remains to be seen how Fox-Udall’s drug treatment will progress over the coming months and years, but one thing is for sure – this case will not soon be forgotten by the people of Colorado. A son of a senator, who broke into a home and four cars while high on heroin, has received a relatively short sentence, but his life will never be the same again.