article: Mark Noble will give serious consideration to representing the Republic of Ireland at international level after being overlooked by England manager Roy Hodgson. It has emerged that the West Ham United midfielder qualifies for Ireland by virtue of his paternal grandparents and has been pursued by manager Martin O’Neill since he took over last November. Assistant Roy Keane is believed to have scouted Noble, 27, and O’Neill wants to bring him into the Irish set-up to add quality to his midfield options for the Euro 2016 qualifying campaign. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Sportsmail's exclusive interview with West Ham's Mark Noble . Making the move: Mark Noble is ready to commit his international future to Ireland . Coup: Noble has played an important role for West Ham over the last few seasons . Noble was named West Ham’s player of the year last season and it had been expected he might be included in Hodgson’s latest squad for the friendly with Norway and qualifier against Switzerland. He was on the England radar but instead Jack Colback and Fabian Delph got the nod, leaving Noble thinking about accepting O’Neill’s offer. A passport would need to be sorted but that hurdle is not envisaged to present any problems. Noble, born in Canning Town, London, represented England at youth levels and captained the Under-21 side that made the final of the 2009 European Championships. Switching sides: Noble won 20 caps for England U21s - but looks set to play for Ireland . Decision time: Noble played for the England U21 with Gabriel Agbonlahor, Adam Johnson and James Milner . Getting his man: Martin O'Neill hopes convince Noble to play for Ireland . That 4-0 defeat five years ago to a Germany side that included six future World Cup winners was Noble’s last in an England shirt. In all he won 20 caps, scoring three goals for the Under-21s. Since then he has established himself as one of West Ham’s most important players and is this year celebrating a decade of first-team football at Upton Park. He has scored 33 goals in 287 appearances for the club. Noble, who attracted interest from Sunderland and Newcastle this summer, was thought to have been looked at by O’Neill’s predecessor Giovanni Trapattoni and would provide a strong partner for James McCarthy in central midfield were he pledge allegiance to Ireland. VIDEO Wayne Rooney named England's captain .
highlights: West Ham midfielder is eligible to play for Ireland through his grandparents . Mark Noble has never been called up to the England senior squad . Hammers midfielder won 20 caps for the England U21s .
id: 0d512a3fa791cb3b5c85d135dd4bea1c926b35f9
chatgpt: West Ham United midfielder Mark Noble is eligible to play for the Ireland national football team, through his grandparents. The 32-year-old has never been called up to the England senior squad, despite winning 20 caps for the England U21s. Born in East London, Noble was first called up to the England U16 side in 2003, before progressing through the age groups and making 20 appearances for the U21 team between 2007 and 2009. Despite his impressive performances for West Ham, which earned him the club's Player of the Year award in 2012, Noble has never been included in the senior England squad. However, Noble's heritage means that he is eligible to play for the Ireland national team, and there have been calls for him to be given the opportunity to represent his ancestral homeland. Speaking about the possibility of playing for Ireland, Noble said: "If the opportunity came about, it would be something I'd have to consider. It's a big decision, but it's something that would be quite special." Noble's grandparents were born in County Roscommon and moved to London in the 1950s. Under FIFA's eligibility rules, Noble could declare himself available for selection by the Ireland national team if he holds a valid Irish passport and has not appeared in a competitive fixture for England at senior level. The possibility of playing for Ireland is not new to Noble, who revealed in 2016 that he had previously discussed the idea with then-Ireland manager Martin O'Neill. "I did have a conversation with Martin O'Neill about it, but it's not something that has progressed," Noble said at the time. "I'm a West Ham player through and through, and that's my main priority." Noble's potential inclusion in the Ireland squad would be a boost for the team, who are currently preparing for the rescheduled Euro 2020 tournament. The Ireland team has struggled in recent years, failing to qualify for the World Cup in 2018 and finishing bottom of their Euro 2020 qualifying group. It remains to be seen whether Noble will formally declare himself available for selection by the Ireland national team, but his eligibility is sure to grab the attention of fans on both sides of the Irish Sea. For the midfielder, the opportunity to play international football may provide a fitting cap to a distinguished career at West Ham.