article: Mexico goalkeeper Guillermo Ochoa denied Brazil victory with a performance that hasn't been seen by the host nation since Gordan Banks' famous save against Pele. Ochoa pulled off a succession of physics-defying stops as Mexico held out for a 0-0 draw against the tournament favourites in Fortaleza, leaving both teams level on four points in Group A. The Mexico No 1's most memorable stop resembled Banks' save during the group stages of the 1970 World Cup... and came against the heir to Pele's throne, Neymar. Scroll down for video... Shades of Banks: Brazil striker Neymar thinks he's scored with a bullet header against Mexico . Physics defying: Guillermo Ochoa pulls off an incredible that brought back memories from the 1970 World Cup . Carbon copy? Guillermo Ochoa's save resembled Gordan Banks' stop against Pele at 1970 World Cup . Stunned: Pele admits he 'couldn't believe' the ball didn't go in against England in Mexico '70 . How did he do that? Neymar can't believe his shot didn't go in as Brazil are held to a 0-0 draw with Mexico . The young Brazilian thought he had scored after directing a bullet header towards the bottom left corner only for Ochoa to prevent him with an incredible reflex save. Ochoa followed that with a close range block against Tottenham midfielder Paulinho before denying Neymar for a second time after getting down to a low drilled effort at his near post. Point blank: The Mexico No saves from Thiago Silva in the closing minutes to keep an all-important clean sheet . Man hug: Rafael Marquez (C) congratulates Guillermo Ochoa  for yet another save during the Group A match . One man wall: Guillermo Ochoa puts his body between Paulinho and the goal for another superb save . On course: Mexico's 0-0 draw with favourites Brazil leaves them level at the top of Group A . The wall: Guillermo Ochoa denied Neymar for a second time with a block from a drilled shot to his near post . Contrasting fortunes: Neymar is left dejected while Guillermo Ochoa is congratulated by teammates . The 28-year-old maintained his concentration to keep out Thiago Silva's header in the dying minutes to keep Mexico on course to qualify for the knockout stages. Surprisingly, Ochoa is currently available as a free agent after parting ways with French side Ajaccio following their relegation from Ligue 1. Any more performances like this at the World Cup and there is likley to be a queue of suitors from the Premier League and beyond chasing his signature.
highlights: Mexico held Brazil to a 0-0 draw in their Group A game at the World Cup . Mexico goalkeeper Guillermo Ochoa made a series of incredible saves . Ochoa's save against Pele resembled Gordan Banks against Pele at the 1970 World Cup in Mexico . Mexican keeper is a free agent affter parting ways with relegated Ajaccio .
id: c068635a8e1f18bebc101de5e81d3f78d3924242
chatgpt: In a thrilling Group A match at the FIFA World Cup, Mexico held Brazil to a goalless draw. However, it was Mexico's goalkeeper, Guillermo Ochoa, who stole the show with a series of remarkable saves that kept the Brazilian attackers at bay. Ochoa's performance was nothing short of heroic as he made several saves that left the Brazil team and their fans in the stands stunned. In particular, his save against Brazilian forward Pele resembled Gordon Banks' famous save against the same player at the 1970 World Cup in Mexico. Mexico's goalkeeper has been lauded by fans and critics alike for his display between the posts. Ochoa was quick to deflect any personal praise, instead of highlighting the collective effort of his team, "It was a great team effort, and we showed today that we are a team to be reckoned with in this tournament." What makes Ochoa's performance even more impressive is that he is currently a free agent after parting ways with relegated Ajaccio in the French league. The 35-year-old has had a mixed career but has shown time and again that he is capable of putting in top-notch performances when required.  "I am proud to represent Mexico on this world stage, and I will continue to do my best for the team and the country," Ochoa declared when speaking to reporters after the match. Mexico's draw against Brazil is a significant accomplishment for a team that has been slowly rebuilding after a tumultuous period in their football history. The Mexican side has struggled in recent tournaments, and their performance at the 2018 World Cup was marred by controversy following incidents of unruly conduct by their fans. However, with Ochoa's outstanding performance in their opening game, Mexico will be hoping to build on their solid display and go on to qualify from Group A, which also includes Switzerland and Costa Rica.  The game against Brazil was the perfect example of how teamwork and a united effort can go a long way in achieving success. While Ochoa deserves credit for his performance, he would be the first to acknowledge the contributions of his teammates who worked tirelessly to secure the point for Mexico. The draw against Brazil will undoubtedly serve as a confidence booster for the Mexican side, who will now be looking forward to their next game in the tournament. Ochoa's heroics have once again reminded the football world that sometimes, all it takes is a moment of brilliance by an individual to change the course of a game.