article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 18:56 EST, 12 March 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 18:56 EST, 12 March 2014 . Two wive: Patrick Smith, 62, has been charged with bigamy . A 62-year-old man charged with bigamy was busted after his second wife used his cellphone to call his first wife. Patrick Smith, from Texas, is accused of marrying Janet Mills Maun while still married to his wife of 34 years, Toni Marie Zimmerman. Zimmerman, who lives in Washington, said she found out about her replacement when Maun called her from her husband's phone in November 2012. It is not clear why she called. 'A woman asked for my husband. I said, 'He's at work in Texas.' And she didn't answer,' Zimmerman said, according to Houston Chronicle. 'She just said, 'Who is this?' And I said, 'This is his wife.' And she said, 'No! This is his wife!'' Zimmerman then reported Smith to authorities. Zimmerman, who also goes by the name Toni Smith, told News 92 FM she separated from her husband in 2006. She said she’s Catholic and does not believe in divorce but needed the separation so she’s not responsible for her husband’s credit card bills. Smith, allegedly believing his legal separation constituted a divorce, moved to Texas and married Maun in 2009. Smith's indictment was handed up by a Fort Bend Grand Jury on February 10. He could serve 10 years behind bars if convicted, although under Texas law, 'reasonably believing one is divorced' can be used as a bigamy defense. In the past: This picture of Patrick Smith and his first wife Toni Marie Zimmerman was taken in the 1980s . Other side of the country: Patrick Smith is accused of being married to two women who live more than 2,000 miles apart from each other . Legal view: Smith's attorney, John Venza Jr, hopes the court throws the case out . Zimmerman claims she reported her husband because she believes bigamy is a crime which should be punished. However Smith's attorney, John Venza Jr, argues Zimmerman was purely motivated by 'greed'. When Smith's second marriage ended last year, Maun was awarded part of her husband's retirement in the settlement. Lawyers . for Zimmerman, however, argue that Maun's marriage to Smith was illegal . and therefore she was not entitled to anything. They said a judge . invalidated the marriage and Maun’s right to any of Smith’s retirement . benefits. 'People need to stand-up for themselves and get this out there because it is a lot like identity theft and fraud. It can be all mixed together,' Zimmerman told News 92 FM. Venza hopes the case will be dismissed at the next court date in April. 'Fort Bend County should have no interest in what's essentially a . family law matter,' he said. 'This is all about a greedy woman in Washington, it's all about money.' Fort Bend County Justice Center: The indictment against Patrick Ronald Smith, 62, was handed up by a Fort Bend Grand Jury on February 10, 2014 .
highlights: Patrick Smith accused of marrying Janet Mills Maun while still married to his wife of 34 years, Toni Marie Zimmerman . Zimmerman and Smith separated in September 2006 but never divorced, and Smith married Maun in 2009 . Zimmerman, who lives in Washington, found out about Smith’s second wife when she received a call from Maun, from Texas, in November 2012 . Maun filed for divorce last year . Smith faces 10 years in jail if convicted .
id: 704d0dd176e4802da5e7694075b9bae9fb59cafa
chatgpt: Patrick Smith, a resident of Texas, is facing serious legal trouble after being accused of committing bigamy by marrying Janet Mills Maun while still being married to his wife of 34 years, Toni Marie Zimmerman. According to sources, Zimmerman and Smith had separated in September 2006 but had never formally divorced. Smith allegedly married Maun in 2009 while still being legally married to Zimmerman. The situation came to light when Maun contacted Zimmerman, who currently lives in Washington, in November 2012. This phone call led to the discovery of Smith's second marriage and has since become the center of a legal battle. Maun even filed for divorce from Smith last year, citing the bigamy allegations as the reason for their separation. Smith has been charged with a felony charge of bigamy, which carries serious consequences if convicted. He now faces up to 10 years in jail if found guilty. Smith has pleaded not guilty to the charge, and his case is scheduled for trial in the coming weeks. This isn't the first time Smith has been in legal trouble. In 2014, he was convicted of theft and sentenced to five years in prison. He was also ordered to pay restitution to the victims and their families. The theft was said to be a scheme that Smith had concocted to defraud people by posing as a financial advisor. The latest charges against Smith have left many in shock, including his former wife of 34 years. Toni Marie Zimmerman, who currently lives in Washington, has remained relatively quiet about the situation, but sources say she is struggling to come to terms with the news. It's been reported that Zimmerman only found out about Smith's second marriage when Maun notified her in 2012. In recent years, bigamy cases have become increasingly rare. However, despite the rarity of these cases, the legal consequences for those found guilty can be severe. In recent times, several high-profile bigamy cases have been reported. In 2012, Daniel Greer, a prominent Rabbi in New Haven, Connecticut, was charged with bigamy after being caught with two wives. Greer was later forced to resign from his position and faced a sentencing of up to five years in jail. Bigamy is a serious offense and is considered illegal across most countries. It involves marrying someone while still being legally married to someone else. Penalties for the crime can vary, but in many cases, it is considered a felony offense that carries significant prison time. The case against Smith has garnered significant public attention, and his upcoming trial is being watched closely by many. While Smith has pleaded not guilty to the charges, it remains to be seen how this case will play out in court. With the possibility of a 10-year prison sentence, Smith's future hangs in the balance, and the consequences of his actions will be felt for years to come.