article: Cesc Fabregas admits he will always feel like a Gunner - despite a £30million move to Arsenal's London rivals Chelsea this summer. The Spain playmaker has hit the ground running at Stamford Bridge, laying on four assists for his new team-mates already this season. And - after leaving boyhood club Barcelona - Fabregas is looking forward to returning to his former north London stomping ground, albeit in the blue of Chelsea. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Fabregas and Costa have been the signings of the summer . Change of scenery: Midfielder Cesc Fabregas moved to Chelsea for £30million from Barcelona this summer . Fond: But Fabregas, who played for Arsenal for eight seasons, says he will 'always feel like a Gunner' Poignant: Fabregas (pictured) is looking forward to returning to the Emirates and says it will be 'special' Joy: Spanish midfielder Fabregas (left) celebrates a Chelsea goal against Everton earlier this season . 'I will always feel a Gunner and I know that I am going to return to [the Emirates Stadium] and I feel that it will be a special moment but I am committed,' Fabregas told El Pais. 'Remember that I played a Champions League final against Barcelona. I swear to you that I would have done anything to win that game even though I’d been Barcelona since I was a kid. 'So you know that when I play against Arsenal I will know who I am playing with, who my teammates are and who I will defend and I know that the Arsenal fans will understand; I have no doubt.' The midfielder had a number of run-ins with Chelsea during his previous spell in England, and was more surprised than anyone to end up in blue. He said: 'If you’d told me five years ago that I would play for Chelsea and Mourinho I would not have believed you, but life changes. 'I spoke with my agent and told him to find me a team. Chelsea’s offer arrived and for me it was about returning to London, the place where I did best. 'There was no better exit. I spoke with Mourinho and he told me things that I needed to hear. I felt valued, felt that I was going to be part of something important.' Wanted: Fabregas says he moved to Chelsea because they showed an interest and made him feel wanted . Rivals: Former Arsenal midfielder Fabregas moved to the gunners' London rivals Chelsea this summer . VIDEO Costa and Fabregas have been the signings of the summer - Beasant .
highlights: Cesc Fabregas has claimed that he will 'always feel like a Gunner' Spaniard moved to Chelsea from Barcelona for £30m this summer . The 27-year-old played for Arsenal for eight seasons from 2003-2011 . Midfielder says he did not see himself playing for Chelsea five years ago . Fabregas also claims he did not see himself playing under Jose Mourinho . But Fabregas insists he 'felt valued' by Chelsea so chose to move there . He also revealed that he is looking forward to returning to the Emirates .
id: 750f33248243cd8f6afb4d2d4d3224eb1bb0677d
chatgpt: Former Arsenal captain, Cesc Fabregas, has expressed his affection for his former club, stating that he will "always feel like a Gunner" despite having moved to Chelsea for £30m earlier this summer. The Spanish midfielder spent eight seasons with Arsenal from 2003-2011, during which he established himself as one of the best midfielders in the world.  During a recent interview, Fabregas revealed that he didn't see himself playing for Chelsea five years ago, and that he didn't imagine playing under Blues' manager, Jose Mourinho. However, the 27-year-old went on to say that he felt valued by Chelsea and that was a key factor in his decision to move to Stamford Bridge. "I didn't see myself playing for Chelsea, but when Jose called me, he made me feel confident and secure," he said.  Despite leaving the Emirates in 2011, Fabregas revealed that he is looking forward to returning to his former club when Chelsea visit Arsenal later this season. "It's always special to go back there. Arsenal is where I grew up as a player and I have a lot of great memories there," he said. "I will always feel like a Gunner and I'm looking forward to returning to the Emirates." Fabregas has had a strong start to his Chelsea career, already notching up six assists and one goal in his first seven Premier League appearances. The Spaniard has been a key player for the Blues this season, playing alongside fellow midfielders Oscar and Nemanja Matic. Despite his strong performances, Fabregas has made it clear that he is still striving to improve. "I want to keep improving and keep learning, there's always something new to learn in football," he said.  While he may have left Arsenal for Barcelona in 2011, Fabregas maintains that he still has a lot of love for his former club. "I will always be grateful to Arsenal for what they did for me, they gave me a chance when I was young and I will always be thankful for that," he said. "I may not be playing for them anymore, but I will always feel like a Gunner."  In conclusion, Fabregas has shown that professionalism can be combined with respect and admiration for one's former club. While he may be enjoying success with Chelsea at the moment, it is clear that his time at Arsenal will always hold a special place in his heart. His return to the Emirates later this season will undoubtedly be an emotional occasion for both him and Arsenal fans alike.