article: (CNN) -- I love you Rihanna. You succinctly gave voice to the anger that's been building ever since Washington Post columnist George Will wrote skeptically about young women caught up in a "supposed campus epidemic of rape, a.k.a. 'sexual assault.'" You remember that? Will said, in his special Will way, that when colleges and universities "make victimhood a coveted status that confers privileges, victims proliferate. " You, Rihanna, gave voice to the anger that's been simmering since Rush Limbaugh said, "no means yes if you know how to spot it," and Fox & Friends joked about "taking the stairs" 'cause there are cameras in the elevator to record you punching your lady. You, Rihanna, succinctly said, in two words, how many women feel for getting blamed for everything from raising "problem children" to "feminizing" men. F*** you! Rihanna slams CBS for pulling song . Mr. Goodell, if you're wondering why you're getting so much grief for that that two-game suspension you handed to Ray Rice for decking his fiancée, I'll spell it out. You provided the tipping point for the anger women feel for getting blamed for just about everything bad that happens to them. Voices of domestic violence . It's why Rihanna is so upset that CBS pulled her song "Run This Town" from Thursday Night Football because, well, in Rihanna's words: "Y'all are sad for penalizing me for this ... CBS you pulled my song last week, now you wanna slide it back in this Thursday? NO, F*** you! Y'all are sad for penalizing me for this." Oh, and don't say you didn't penalize Rihanna for what Ray Rice did to Janay Palmer. CBS Sports Chairman Sean McManus told the Associated Press that Rihanna's history of domestic abuse at the hands of Chris Brown was "among several factors considered (for pulling her song) but was not the overriding one." To make matters worse, it wasn't even Rihanna's song! It was Jay Z's song. Rihanna was merely performing alongside the man who discovered her. As Rihanna tweeted, "The audacity..." and forbade CBS to use any of her songs in its Thursday Night Football lineup ever again. CBS promptly announced: "Beginning this Thursday, we will be moving in a different direction with some elements of our Thursday Night Football open. We will be using our newly created Thursday Night Football theme music to open our game broadcast." Wise move CBS. It would have been a colossal mistake to bully Rihanna into singing for the NFL. There have been so many strong, female voices speaking out about crimes against their sisters, and you know what? People are listening. Universities (Princeton most recently) are more aggressively tackling sexual assaults on campus, there are now consequences -- at least for some -- for spouting irresponsible garbage about female victims. And the NFL? It has now hired female advisers to shape its domestic violence policy. Dare I say again, I love you Rihanna.
highlights: A song featuring Rihanna, a past victim of violence, was shelved after Ray Rice case . Carol Costello praises Rihanna for refusing to be victimized in the process . She says Rihanna gave voice to anger simmering as result of recent controversy . Costello: Good for Rihanna that she wouldn't be victimized again .
id: 0509f58bfa3b32b6a26d831a85ec0ed6f31fc783
chatgpt: In the aftermath of the Ray Rice domestic violence scandal, a song featuring Rihanna, a past victim of violence, was shelved. However, CNN's Carol Costello recently commended Rihanna for her refusal to be victimized by the industry during the shelving process. Costello praised Rihanna's ability to give a voice to the anger that has simmered as a result of the recent controversy. In a society where victim-blaming seems to be the norm in cases of domestic violence, Rihanna's refusal to be silenced is both inspiring and necessary. "Good for Rihanna that she wouldn't be victimized again," Costello stated, adding that she hopes Rihanna's actions will improve the way we view victims of domestic violence. Costello emphasized that it is important to listen to and believe women who come forward with their stories of abuse, rather than assuming they are lying or seeking attention. In the past, Rihanna has been open about her own experiences with domestic violence. Her refusal to stay silent about what happened to her and her decision to take control of her narrative has helped countless women find their own voices in similar situations. Rihanna's music has also helped to break down barriers and start conversations about issues surrounding domestic violence. Her song "Love on the Brain" discusses an abusive relationship, with lyrics like "It beats me black and blue, but it f**ks me so good." Rather than romanticizing the abuse, the song brings attention to the complicated emotions that can arise in these situations. Unfortunately, it seems that the industry still has a long way to go in its treatment of victims of domestic violence. The fact that a song featuring Rihanna, one of the biggest pop stars in the world, was shelved after the Ray Rice scandal sends a troubling message about the way society views victims of abuse. However, Rihanna's refusal to be silenced is a small step in the right direction. By standing up for herself and refusing to be victimized by the industry, she is setting an example for other women who may be struggling to speak out about their own experiences. As Costello noted, "Rihanna is not only a survivor, but a warrior. She refused to be held down by people who wanted to use her past tragedy against her, and instead she found a way to stand up and fight for what she believed in." In the wake of the Me Too movement and the growing awareness around issues of domestic violence, it is more important than ever to listen to and support victims. Rihanna's refusal to be silenced is a powerful reminder of the strength and resilience of survivors.