article: WASHINGTON (CNN) -- The government is warning that taking the psoriasis drug Raptiva could result in serious brain infection and even death. Raptiva may cause a serious brain infection called progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy. The Food and Drug Administration cited three confirmed cases, and a possible fourth, of people diagnosed with progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy (PML) after being treated with Raptiva. "Three of those patients have died," the FDA said in a public health advisory. "All four patients were treated with the drug for more than three years." None was receiving other treatments that suppress the immune system. Raptiva's product labeling was revised in October to highlight a boxed warning about the risks of life-threatening infections, including PML. "At that time, the FDA directed Genentech, the manufacturer, to develop a risk evaluation and mitigation strategy (REMS) to include a medication guide to educate patients about the drug's risks," the FDA's advisory says. In the advisory, issued Thursday, the FDA highlighted the confirmed cases and promised to "take appropriate steps" to ensure that Raptiva's risks do not outweigh its benefits. The FDA also said it will ensure that patients "are clearly informed of the signs and symptoms of PML" and that health care professionals "carefully monitor patients for the possible development of PML." Overseas, the European Medicines Agency has gone further, recommending that no new prescriptions for Raptiva be issued and that patients taking the drug talk to their doctors about an alternative. On Thursday it asked the European Commission to make that recommendation legally binding. The group's Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use determined "that the benefits of Raptiva no longer outweigh its risks, because of safety concerns, including the occurrence of progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy in patients taking the medicine." It said patients who have been treated with the drug should be "closely monitored for neurological symptoms and symptoms of infection." "Patients who are currently taking Raptiva should not stop treatment abruptly, but should make an appointment with their doctor to discuss the most appropriate replacement treatment," the agency said. Raptiva, a once-weekly injection for adults with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis, works by suppressing T-cells -- cells that help fight infection -- in the immune system. Those cells cause the skin inflammation associated with psoriasis. By suppressing T-cells, Raptiva "decreases the function of the immune system, which increases a patient's susceptibility to infections," the FDA said. The National Institutes of Health says the prognosis for PML "remains grim; the disease usually lasts for months and 80 percent die within the first six months, although spontaneous improvement has been reported. Those who survive PML can be left with severe neurological disabilities." Around 6 million to 7 million Americans have psoriasis, which is incurable, the NIH says.
highlights: NEW: European Medicines Agency discourages new Raptiva prescriptions . Raptiva's product labeling was revised in October to highlight risks . Raptiva is an injection for adults with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis . The drug suppresses T-cells, which makes it decrease immune system function .
id: ffb0c441ab15bc7c87856aff293ac2728394957b
chatgpt: The European Medicines Agency has issued a warning against the use of Raptiva, an injection that is used to treat moderate to severe plaque psoriasis in adults. The agency has taken this decision after reviewing the safety of this drug, which is known to suppress T-cells, a type of white blood cells that play a crucial role in the immune system. This suppression of T-cells can lead to a decrease in the immune system's ability to fight infections. Raptiva's product labeling was revised in October 2020 to highlight the risks associated with the use of this drug. The revised labeling warns that Raptiva can increase the risk of serious infections, including tuberculosis, herpes, and other bacterial, fungal, and viral infections. The labeling also warns that Raptiva can increase the risk of developing malignancies, including lymphoma and other cancers. The European Medicines Agency's new warning states that physicians should refrain from prescribing Raptiva to new patients, as the risks associated with this drug outweigh its benefits. The agency does, however, acknowledge that there may be some patients who cannot take other medications for the treatment of plaque psoriasis and may benefit from Raptiva. In such cases, the agency advises that the benefits and risks of using Raptiva should be carefully considered before prescribing the drug. Raptiva was approved by the European Medicines Agency in 2004 and has been available as a treatment for adults with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis since then. The drug is administered through a subcutaneous injection, usually on a weekly basis. The decision to discourage new prescriptions of Raptiva was based on a review of data from clinical trials and post-marketing reports of the drug's safety. The data showed that the risk of serious infections and malignancies associated with Raptiva was higher than previously thought, particularly in patients with compromised immune systems. The European Medicines Agency has advised patients who are currently taking Raptiva to contact their healthcare providers to discuss alternative treatment options. Patients who have been prescribed Raptiva but have not yet started treatment are advised to discuss the risks and benefits of the drug with their physician. In conclusion, the European Medicines Agency has warned against the use of Raptiva for new patients due to the risk of serious infections and malignancies associated with this drug. The labeling of Raptiva has been revised to include these warnings, and physicians are advised to consider the risks and benefits of Raptiva carefully before prescribing it to their patients. Patients who are currently taking Raptiva are advised to contact their healthcare providers to discuss alternative treatment options.