article: By . Louise Cheer . Game of Thrones fans are forking out up to $150 for their chance to sit on the Iron Throne. The Sydney exhibition for the fantasy show is free of charge, but fans are paying strangers to hold their place in line for up to eight hours. Since the $1 million exhibition officially opened only four days ago, ads have appeared on skill sourcing website Airtasker offering people cash to pay their debts in exchange for enduring the hours-long wait in the queue. Game of Thrones fans are paying strangers to hold their place in line for the exhibit . According to the Museum of Contemporary Art website, the average wait time for punters is about six hours. '[US television network] HBO are encouraging people to arrive early but be prepared for a long wait,' it said. In fact, the exhibit proved to be so popular that organisers extended opening hours from 10am until 10pm on Thursday and Friday in an attempt to meet demand. But fans do not seem phased by the long delay. Some are willing to fork out $150 so people can wait up to eight hours in line . The series stars Kit Harrington (left) as Jon Snow and Emilia Clarke (right) as Daenerys Targaryen . 'Ten bloody hours of wait was worth it #GoTExhibit,' @anjaysay tweeted. And @carolineenguyen agreed: 'The wait for #GOTExhibit at Sydney was SOOOOOOO worth it!!' But it wasn't the only excitement in the line. 'Heard one guy proposed to his girlfriend after getting into #GOTExhibit yesterday. They probably met in the queue,' @mjonesy_87 tweeted. The hugely popular television show is based on a fantasy series, A Song of Ice and Fire, by US author George R. R. Martin. The Sydney exhibtion is on at the Museum of Contemporary Art until Saturday. The fantasy series' exhibit was opened on Tuesday and will continue until Saturday . But the long wait outside the Museum of Contemporary Art has not deterred fans .
highlights: Fans of the fantasy series are posting ads up on the Airtasker website . People start queuing up from about 6am in the morning to get in . The Museum of Contemporary Art is hosting the popular exhibit . Its website says the average waiting time is about six hours long . The Game of Thrones exhibition is scheduled to end on Saturday .
id: f34886d41fc106a710737179a270e8e3427aff86
chatgpt: Game of Thrones fans in Sydney, Australia, are going to great lengths to get their much-needed fix of the popular fantasy series. Despite the exhibit being scheduled to end on Saturday, fans are still queuing up for hours at the Museum of Contemporary Art to see the Game of Thrones exhibit. The exhibit, which has been open since August, has been incredibly popular among fans, with many traveling from around the country to see it. The exhibit includes costumes, props, and artwork from the hit series, giving fans a unique opportunity to immerse themselves in the world of Westeros. However, fans have been facing some long waits to get into the exhibit, with an average waiting time of around six hours, according to the museum's website. Some fans have even taken to the Airtasker website to post ads, offering to pay people to stand in line for them. Despite the long waiting times, fans have been undeterred, with some starting to queue up as early as 6am in the morning to ensure they get a chance to see the exhibit. Speaking to one of the fans who was waiting in line, they explained why they were willing to wait for so long. "Game of Thrones has been a big part of my life for the past few years, and I just couldn't miss the chance to see this exhibit. It's worth the wait." For those who haven't visited the exhibit yet, they'll have to act fast. With only a few days left until the exhibit closes, fans are being urged to make the trip to Sydney to experience the world of Game of Thrones for themselves. Despite the long queues, the Museum of Contemporary Art is thrilled with the response to the exhibit, which has been a huge success. "We're thrilled to see so many fans coming out to see the Game of Thrones exhibit," said a spokesperson for the museum. "It's been a great way to bring people together and celebrate this incredible series." For now, fans will continue to brave the queues to get their Game of Thrones fix one last time before the exhibit closes on Saturday.