article: By . Sam Adams . PUBLISHED: . 07:21 EST, 3 April 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 04:26 EST, 4 April 2013 . Bizarre: A firm is selling bizarre female 'zombie' mannequins that bleed when they are shot . A gun target firm is hoping angry husbands and boyfriends will take out their frustrations on its bizarre new product - female 'zombie' mannequins which bleed when they are shot. The targets, called 'The Ex,' have been advertised wearing nothing but a bra and a ripped top. ZMB industries has tagged pictures of the product with the warning: 'hell hath no fury like a woman scorned but a man scorned is nothing to mess with!' The mannequins come with a promise that they will 'accurately resemble an infected human that just finished gnawing your neighbor Zed’s leg, to give you that realistic look so you really feel the hate,' according to Raw Story. They are filled with biodegradable . matter - and 'burst into little pieces of . blood soaked, zombie matter when you shoot them,' ZMB said on its website. The 'zombies' are designed to take a lot of punishment, with the firm claiming they can be shot more than 1,000 times using a range of different rounds. ZMB's website features videos of different kinds of mannequins being shot to pieces on a shooting range. One video suggests how to 'turn a zombie into mush in 60 seconds,' while another shows a young girl called 'Samantha,' shooting at one of the targets. In another video a man wraps explosive around two zombie mannequins in the desert and blows them up. Scroll down for video: . Targets: ZMB Industries says the bizarre mannequins, which contain 'biodegradable substances,' can be shot up to 1,000 times . As well as the female mannequins, the . firm also offers a range of other targets, including a version that . looks like a Taliban fighter, and another dressed as a Nazi. Other targets on sale include a wolf, a clown and even a group of rabbits. Those not satisfied with simply shooting the mannequins then have the option of using ZMB's 'exploding rifle targets' to blow them up. Watch video of zombie target being shot here: .
highlights: Mannequins labelled 'The Ex' dressed in revealing bra and ripped top . Targets bleed when shot and can take hundreds of rounds, firm claims . Other targets resembling clowns, Taliban fighters and animals also on offer .
id: b732ad4de53cb76eec63d2a2a78dbccea64469b6
chatgpt: A company based in the United States is facing criticism after launching a new range of targets for shooting practice. The company, known as "Zombie Industries," has released a line of mannequins that are designed to resemble former partners, known as "The Ex." The mannequins are dressed in revealing clothing, with one named "The Ex" wearing a ripped top and bra. According to the company's claims, these targets can take hundreds of rounds and will even bleed when shot. However, the targets have been met with criticism from members of the public who have called the products "distasteful" and "insensitive." Many are questioning the appropriateness of using former partners as target practice. In addition to "The Ex" targets, Zombie Industries also markets a variety of other targets that resemble clowns, Taliban fighters, and animals. The company's website describes some of its products as "fun and realistic targets for the zombie hunter," while others are marketed as being "good for a laugh at any gun range." However, not everyone is laughing. Patty Simon, a spokesperson for the National Coalition Against Domestic Violence, has described the targets as "a real problem." "Using a former partner as a target for shooting practice is not only distasteful, but it also sends a message that domestic abuse, violence, and misogyny are acceptable." said Simon. Despite the criticism, Zombie Industries has maintained that their products are not intended to be taken seriously and are simply designed for fun at the gun range. "The Ex" target has been described by the company as a "fun and harmless way to release some pent-up aggression," and the company insists that it is "not promoting or glorifying violence against women." The controversy surrounding Zombie Industries' new line of targets is sure to continue, with both sides of the argument showing no signs of backing down. One thing is certain, however – the debate over whether or not it is appropriate to use former partners as targets for shooting practice is far from over.