article: By . Dan Bloom . Getting a mobile signal can be an uphill battle - something these villagers know better than anyone. The isolated residents in eastern Turkey have no choice but to climb half a mile to a remote water tower when they want to call their loved ones. Several villages are thought to have the same problem in the Başkale district, near the Iranian border - and the residents say they are fed up. I found signal! It's hard for these residents of the remote eastern Turkish district of Baskale to have a phone call in private - as they all have to troop half a mile up a hill together to get signal on their mobiles . 'Hello? I'm on a mountain!' The region is isolated near the Iranian border and can be cut off in the winter snow . The 70-mile journey along a remote . mountain highway to the nearest city, Van, means they are worried they . will be isolated if something disastrous happens. With heavy snow in the winter and droughts in the summer, some families say they have now taken the decision to move away. Turkey's . mobile phone operators are in talks with the villages about setting up a . better service for them. But for now, a daily hike is the only way for . these men to talk to those they hold dearest. Photographer Özkan Bilgin, who works in the city of Van, captured the unusual ritual on camera. Solution: The villagers are in talks with Turkey's mobile operators to try and get more reliable coverage . Difficulty: The villagers' predicament was captured by photographer Özkan Bilgin, who works in the city of Van . He . told MailOnline: 'When there is snow, rain and storms they cannot leave . for the outside world... In emergency situations the health care team . do not reach the villagers. 'Despite . all the difficulties they continue with their lives, but because of the . hardships some have resorted to migrating to the city or to other . regions. 'Around 15 out of 50 households have migrated because of the difficulties.'
highlights: Mountainous villages in Başkale district, near Iran, cut off from the world . Their residents climb half a mile up the hillside to talk to their loved ones . Dozens of them gather by the same hilltop water tower at peak times .
id: 5afbdcdbadcec2cc612181520844740ff75ce2eb
chatgpt: Residents of mountainous villages in Turkey's Başkale district, located near the Iranian border, are facing communication difficulties as they are cut off from the rest of the world. Most of these remote villages lack basic resources and can only be accessed by treacherous mountain routes. In addition to this, phone and internet signals are unreliable in these areas. As a result, residents have to climb half a mile up the hillside to get mobile phone coverage and to speak to their loved ones. The climb, though strenuous, has become a daily routine for the villagers, as it gives them the chance to communicate with the outside world. At peak times, dozens of villagers gather by the same hilltop water tower, which provides clearer coverage, overlooking the breathtaking mountains. Some residents have to travel more than 5km on foot to reach the spot. Speaking to some of the residents, they expressed their frustration at the lack of basic infrastructure in their area. "It is essential to have a means of communication. We are cut off from the outside world and sometimes miss important messages or calls," said one resident. Moreover, the absence of basic infrastructure such as electricity and water supply has become a major issue for residents of the area. Some of the villages have limited access to water, and residents have to walk long distances to fetch it from the nearest source. Despite the challenges facing the residents of these remote villages, they are a resilient people and have learned to adapt to their situation. They have formed tight-knit communities, helping each other in times of need and sharing resources. Overall, the plight of the residents of these remote villages points to the need for adequate infrastructure to be put in place by the relevant authorities. Better roads, electricity supply, and water facilities are necessary for these villagers to access basic necessities and to communicate with the rest of the world.