article: Ottawa (CNN) -- U.S. Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta said Tuesday polls would not change the strategy in Afghanistan, underscoring the fact that he realizes the American people have tired of war. "We cannot fight wars by polls," Panetta said in Ottawa, where he was attending a trilateral defense meeting with Canadian and Mexican officials. Panetta was responding to a new New York Times/CBS poll showing that 69% of Americans want troops out of Afghanistan. "There's no question that the American people have tired of war just like the Afghan people have tired of war," he added before stressing that the U.S. government would continue with its strategy in Afghanistan. "We have to operate based on what we believe is the best strategy to achieve the mission that we are embarked on. And the mission ... is to safeguard our country by ensuring that the Taliban and al Qaeda never again find a safe haven in Afghanistan," Panetta said. Pentagon spokesman John Kirby in Washington strongly echoed Panetta's sentiment, saying the military's job is not to be driven by sentiments expressed in polls. When asked the reaction to the poll from Gen. John Allen, the top commander in Afghanistan, Kirby said, "His concern as a military commander in the field is getting the job done." In Ottawa, the defense summit was billed as a historic one as the three countries tried to coordinate more security efforts, especially in the area of counternarcotics. As well as embarking on a joint trilateral defense threat assessment, the U.S., Canada and Mexico pledged to do more to confront and combat drug cartels on the continent. "I think all of us think today has been an important day because I think all of us recognize the importance of dealing with this threat to North America, this threat to security, this threat to our people," Panetta said. Officials described a sobering presentation given by Mexican military officials outlining the scope and seriousness of the challenge in bringing drug traffickers and gang members to justice. Specifically, military officials said there would be more time spent on patrolling waters and inspecting things like shipping containers that cross borders. They also said they were working to share more intelligence in a timely manner. "This very ambitious goal of coordinating our efforts goes beyond any one specific threat," Canadian Defence Minister Peter MacKay said. CNN Pentagon Correspondent Barbara Starr contributed to this report.
highlights: Secretary of Defense: "We cannot fight wars by polls" New poll shows 69% of Americans want U.S. out of Afghanistan . Panetta is in Canada for meeting with Canadian, Mexican officials .
id: 217bbd5b52b156996586f3b91ee648fbdfd3b5df
chatgpt: U.S. Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta made a statement on Monday that has raised some eyebrows. Speaking to reporters while in Canada for a meeting with Canadian and Mexican officials, Panetta insisted, "We cannot fight wars by polls." The statement comes just after a new poll was released, showing that a whopping 69% of Americans want the U.S. to withdraw from Afghanistan. The poll was conducted by the Pew Research Center, and the results were released on Monday morning. The poll results are certainly significant, especially as the U.S. continues to grapple with a long and difficult conflict in Afghanistan. The U.S. has been involved in the conflict since 2001, and more than 2,400 American soldiers have died in the conflict. Despite the poll results, Panetta insisted that the U.S. cannot make military decisions based on polls. "When it comes to the defense of this country, we've got to operate based on what we believe is the best for this country," he said. Panetta did acknowledge that public opinion plays a role in shaping policy, but he argued that the military must focus on its mission, regardless of what the polls say. The high level meetings in Canada come as the U.S. seeks to bolster its relationships with its North American neighbors. The visit also comes at a time of shifting alliances and tensions in the region. Panetta discussed a range of issues during the meetings, including cyber security, border security, and trade. He emphasized the importance of working together with Canada and Mexico on these issues, saying that they are "interconnected and intertwined." Canadian Defense Minister Harjit Sajjan spoke positively about the meetings, saying that they were an opportunity to strengthen the relationship between the three countries. "For us to come together and have these critical discussions...shows our commitment to the North American continent," he said. While the meetings were undoubtedly fruitful, the ongoing conflict in Afghanistan was never far from the minds of those in attendance. The high level discussions in Canada underscore the difficult decisions that the U.S. must make as it continues to navigate a complex and uncertain world. As the U.S. faces mounting pressure to withdraw from Afghanistan, Panetta's statement serves as a reminder that military decision making cannot be based on polls alone. Despite the public's desire for an end to the conflict, the U.S. must carefully consider its options and prioritize its own security interests.