article: The radical American-born Muslim cleric who inspired the terrorists behind the Charlie Hebdo attacks spent thousands of dollars on prostitutes while travelling the United States. Anwar al-Awlak used prostitutes at least seven times in the Washington D.C. area between November 2001 and February 2002, according to leaked FBI documents. He met brothers Cherif and Said Kouachi as they trained in the deserts of Yemen where al Qaeda's deadliest franchise, AQAP, is based. Scroll down for video . Paying for sex: Anwar al-Awlaki is said to have used prostitutes at least seven times in the Washington D.C. area between November 2001 and February 2002, according to leaked FBI documents . The hate preacher met brothers Cherif (left) and Said Kouachi (right) as they trained in the deserts of Yemen where al Qaeda's deadliest franchise, AQAP, is based . The cleric, who was killed in a U.S. drone strike in September 2011, is believed to have spent $2,300 on hookers in Washington alone. Another prostitute told the FBI that al-Awlaki paid her $300 to watch as 'as she engaged in erotic behavior and stimulated herself' in December 2001 and again in January 2002. One hooker told FBI agents 'she looked through the 'peep' hole ... and thought to herself that he looked like Osama bin Laden. Al-Awlaki, who was born in New Mexico, reportedly paid $400 to have sex with the woman. She described him as 'very polite.' It appears the married father of five had a history of paying for sex, despite his deeply fundamentalist beliefs. History: One prostitute told the FBI that al-Awlaki paid her $300 to watch as 'as she engaged in erotic behavior and stimulated herself'. He was also arrested twice in San Diego for soliciting . He was also arrested in 1996 and 1997 for soliciting prostitutes in San Diego where he worked at a small mosque. He pleaded guilty and paid a fine. The Kouachi brothers were trained for three days in the deserts of Marib on how to fire a gun. They returned to Oman and they left Oman on August 15, 2011 to go back to France. They were shot dead by French security forces after they took refuge in a print works outside Paris. Al-Awlaki's predilection for prostitutes recalls reports that several 9-11 hijackers traveled to Las Vegas and bought lap dances at strip clubs before the September 11 attacks.
highlights: Anwar al-Awlaki used prostitutes at least seven times in Washington D.C . The agency watched his movements between November 2001 and 2002 . He met  brothers Cherif and Said Kouachi while they trained in Yemen . Is believed to have spent in excess of $2,000 on hookers in the capital . Awlaki was killed in a September 2011 drone strike .
id: 3d31743ea4ce492679f5086fd1192dec08c8835e
chatgpt: Anwar al-Awlaki, the former imam at a mosque in Falls Church, Virginia, who was later accused of being a senior al-Qaeda leader, reportedly used prostitutes in Washington D.C. at least seven times between November 2001 and 2002. A report has revealed that Awlaki had spent more than $2000 on hookers while in the capital. According to sources, the FBI was closely watching Awlaki's movements during the period when he was using prostitutes in the city. The agency was investigating his possible involvement in terrorist activities at that time. The revelation of this alleged conduct has raised questions about whether the FBI had knowledge of the imam's activities and whether they could have prevented his later involvement in terrorist activities. Awlaki, who was born in New Mexico in 1971, had come under investigation in the early 2000s after being linked to three of the 9/11 terrorists who had attended his mosque. He left the United States in 2002 and went on to become an influential spiritual leader for al-Qaeda, where he helped the organization plan attacks against the United States. It was during his time in Yemen that Awlaki is believed to have met the Kouachi brothers, who later carried out the Charlie Hebdo terrorist attack in Paris in January 2015. The Kouachi brothers were in Yemen for training and are believed to have been inspired by Awlaki's teachings. Awlaki was killed in a drone strike in September 2011. The United States accused him of playing a key role in planning terrorist attacks, including the failed attempt to blow up a Detroit-bound passenger jet in December 2009. The revelations about Awlaki's conduct have raised questions about the efficacy of the FBI's monitoring of him in the years leading up to his involvement in terrorist activities. There has been criticism that the agency failed to stop him from pursuing his radical agenda, even though they had knowledge of his activities. It is not clear what impact the revelation of Awlaki's behavior will have on future investigations of potential terrorists in the United States. However, it is likely to lead to a renewed debate about the effectiveness of law enforcement strategies and their ability to prevent terrorist attacks.