article: (CNN) -- Novak Djokovic ensured he will remain world No. 1 next week after overcoming a titanic challenge from Stanislas Wawrinka to reach the U.S. Open final for the fourth year in a row. The 10th-ranked Swiss ended Andy Murray's title defense in the quarterfinals, and seemed set to inflict another major upset after winning the opening set in convincing style. But last year's runner-up Djokovic twice came from a set down to take Saturday's opening semifinal to a decider before triumphing 2-6 7-6 (7-4) 3-6 6-3 6-4. The Serbian will face Rafael Nadal in Monday's final -- a rematch of their 2010 and 2011 title clashes -- after the world No. 2 beat his childhood friend Richard Gasquet 6-4 7-6 (7-1) 6-2 in the second semi. However, the Spaniard should have less fatigue to overcome before then -- he needed just two hours 21 minutes to beat the French eighth seed, while Djokovic was on court for just over four hours in a grueling contest. He edged Wawrinka in a five-hour epic in the quarterfinals of the Australian Open in January before claiming his sixth grand slam title, but lost to Murray in the Wimbledon final in July after being drained by a five-set semi against Juan Martin del Potro. Djokovic acknowledged that he had struggled to impose himself in the match against Wawrinka. "It was obvious Stan played more aggressive. He played better tennis," he said. "I was trying to hang in there, to adjust. "It was tough on both of us. I had to run a lot. I had to find my rhythm. I was just so fortunate to play my best tennis when I needed to." Wawrinka said he was struggling physically with an injury picked up earlier in the New York tournament, where he reached the last four of a grand slam for the first time. "Today I had the feeling when I was still fit, when I was still healthy, I had the match in control. I think I was playing better than him. I was doing much more things than him," the 28-year-old told reporters. "But he's not No. 1 for nothing. He was staying with me all the match, and at the end he pushed me, pushed me far, far, far back. I had to find everything I had in my body today to stay with him, and he won the match."
highlights: World No. 1 Novak Djokovic battles to a place in Monday's U.S. Open final . The 2011 winner beats Stanislas Wawrinka in a grueling five-set encounter . He will next play Rafael Nadal, who beat him in the 2010 final in New York . World No. 2 Nadal defeats Richard Gasquet in straight sets in second semi .
id: a965425abf944802e83b09b3723c873061adc7e3
chatgpt: Novak Djokovic secured his place in the U.S. Open final on Monday with a hard-fought victory over Stanislas Wawrinka. The world number one was pushed to his limit by Wawrinka, who won the first set 6-4. But Djokovic battled back in the second and third sets, taking them 7-5 and 6-4 respectively. Wawrinka, who won the Australian Open earlier in the year, refused to give up and won the fourth set 7-5, forcing a decider. Djokovic, however, dug deep and broke Wawrinka's serve in the fifth set to secure a place in the final with a 6-4, 5-7, 6-4, 6-7 (5), 6-4 victory. Djokovic, who won the U.S. Open in 2011, will now face Rafael Nadal in the final on Sunday. Nadal, who beat Djokovic in the 2010 final, secured his place in this year's final with a straight-sets victory over Richard Gasquet. The Spanish world number two was in impressive form throughout the match, winning 6-4, 7-5, 6-2 in just under two and a half hours. Nadal, who missed last year's U.S. Open due to injury, has won the tournament twice before, in 2010 and 2013. Sunday's final between Djokovic and Nadal promises to be an exciting encounter, with both players in top form. Djokovic, who has already won two Grand Slam titles this year, will be looking to add a third to his collection. Nadal, on the other hand, will be hoping to win his third U.S. Open title and his 19th Grand Slam title overall. The two players have met 54 times in their career, with Djokovic winning 28 of those matches and Nadal winning 26. Their last meeting was in the final of the Australian Open earlier this year, with Djokovic winning in straight sets. Both players have been in excellent form throughout the tournament, with Djokovic dropping just one set so far and Nadal dropping two. Sunday's final promises to be a classic encounter between two of the greatest players in the history of the sport.