article: By . Zoe Szathmary . One thirsty feline can't get enough of his spray bottle in a new video. YouTube user Hilary D uploaded a video of her cat Joey on Thursday, titled 'Joey Runs For His Water Bottle.' In the video, Joey is seen running down a flight of stairs and meowing loudly as a woman repeatedly shakes a spray bottle. Scroll down for video . Siren call: Joey comes running when he hears the noise of his spray bottle . Pounce! Joey jumps to get closer to the bottle . Joey moves toward the woman and hops up on a nearby table to lap up some water. The thirsty cat is seen wrapping his paws around the bottle, as the water is sprayed into his mouth. 'My cat Joey loves drinking water from his bottle,' Hilary D wrote on YouTube. 'He can be completely asleep but the moment you shake it, he's awake and running to you.' In that video's description, Hilary D wrote that Joey does not suffer from a medical condition. 'I give him fresh water in a big bowl every day - this is just his favorite way to drink it!' she added. Hold tight! Joey wraps his paws around the bottle as his owner sprays the water into his mouth . This isn't the first video which shows Joey drinking water from a spray bottle. Hilary D uploaded a video on March 2 which showed him drinking from a bottle - as well as from a pitcher, a faucet, an even from the shower. 'He's been drinking water this way since he was a kitten,' she wrote at the time. 'When he was a kitten he didn't want to drink from his bowl, so out of desperation I tried to "bottle" feed him with his spray bottle and he loved it!'
highlights: Joey the cat runs down of stairs to drink water from a spray bottle . YouTube user Hilary D, who is his owner, has also uploaded a video of him drinking water from a faucet and from a shower head .
id: 12e79bb780c345ec0bbea819dfcaf1497b94d18c
chatgpt: In a heartwarming display of agility and thirst-quenching expertise, Joey the cat has been caught on camera running down a flight of stairs to drink water from a spray bottle. The adorable feline, who is owned by YouTube user Hilary D, has been gaining online fame for his unique penchant for drinking water from a variety of sources. Joey's latest video shows him bounding down the stairs, his eyes fixated on the spray bottle in Hilary's hand. With a graceful leap, the nimble cat lands on the ground and eagerly laps up the refreshing water as it's sprayed from the bottle. His tail swishes back and forth in appreciation as he finishes his drink and makes his way back up the stairs. But Joey's water-drinking prowess doesn't stop there. Hilary has also uploaded videos of Joey drinking from a faucet and even a shower head. In one particularly endearing clip, Joey can be seen perched on the edge of the sink, his tiny paws precariously balancing on the faucet as he laps up the running water with gusto. It's no surprise that Joey has become an internet sensation, with his playful and quirky personality endearing him to viewers all over the world. Fans have been sharing the videos and commenting on how much they love watching the adorable cat's antics. Hilary has also spoken about how much joy Joey brings to her life. In an interview, she said, "Joey is not just a pet to me, he's family. Watching him enjoy the simple things in life, like drinking water from a spray bottle, reminds me to appreciate the little things too." With each new video, Joey reminds us all to enjoy the simple pleasures in life and appreciate the joy that can be found in even the smallest moments. As his online following continues to grow, it's clear that Joey the cat has captured the hearts of people all over the world.