article: By . John Hall . Correction officers at the notoriously violent Rikers Island jail in New York have been charged with smuggling drugs into the prison over a six month period. Seven officers have been accused of sneaking cocaine and oxycodone into the island jail, charging inmates between $400 and $900 per package. Two of the accused officers were recorded by an undercover Drug Enforcement Agency worker boasting about the alleged scheme and offering to use their 'badge and gun' to protect dealers. Accused: Divine Rahming (left), Steven Dominguez (centre) and Deleon Gifth (right) are three of the seven Rikers Island correction officers charged with offences related to drug smuggling at the notorious prison . The smuggling suspects were allegedly recorded discussing drug deals during an ongoing probe at Rikers Island by New York's Department of Investigation and several other law enforcement agencies. Prosecutors say Steven Dominguez and Divine Rahming told an undercover Drug Enforcement Agency worker that they had been smuggling cocaine and oxycodone into the jail for five months. They are also accused of offering to use their 'badge and gun' as protection for drug dealers outside the prison, according to the New York Daily News. The DEA agent is understood to have been posing as a relative of a prison inmate when the men allegedly boasted of their drug smuggling activities. 'By smuggling drugs into Rikers Island, . these corrections officers jeopardized the safety of the city’s jails . and sold their honor as officers of the law,' said DOI Commissioner Mark . Peters, who led the investigation alongside Special Narcotics Prosecutor Bridget Brennan. Crime scene: Correction officers at the notoriously violent Rikers Island jail in New York have been charged with smuggling drugs into the prison over a six month period . Jail: The DEA agent is understood to have been posing as a relative of an inmate at Rikers Island (pictured) when the men allegedly boasted of their drug smuggling activities . Prosecutors have accused Correction Officer Deleon Gifth is accused of arranging to have a friend sneak oxycodone . into Rikers Island in February of this year. Two months later Gifth resigned from his post and he was charged with the alleged crime this week. Another four unnamed officers face either demotion or the sack for their alleged role in the process. These charges stem from either conversations the men had which suggest they knew of illegal activity taking place inside Rikers Island, or allegations their behaviour in the prison knowingly allowed drug dealing to take place. In total the investigation has seen 12 correction officers charged with criminal offences - many of them described as 'ethical lapses', such as beating prisoners and covering up evidence.
highlights: Seven officers have been charged with smuggling offences at Rikers Island . Allegedly smuggled drugs into jail, selling packages to inmates for up to $900 . Prosecutors say two of the accused also offered to use their badge to gun to protect dealers operating outside the prison .
id: 20a81492c7db19850522f097190d5b7016164c3c
chatgpt: Seven correctional officers have been charged with smuggling offences at New York City's infamous Rikers Island jail complex. According to prosecutors, the accused smuggled drugs into jail and sold packages to inmates for as much as $900. In addition to drug smuggling, two of the accused allegedly offered to use their badge and gun to protect drug dealers operating outside the prison. This news has shocked many who have long suspected the prison system of being riddled with corruption and criminal activity. The arrests and subsequent charges are the latest in a series of scandals that have plagued Rikers Island. The jail complex, which houses over 7,000 inmates, has long been the subject of criticism for its harsh treatment of prisoners and rampant violence. The seven officers, aged between 25 and 60 years old, have been identified as Steven Dominguez, David Abreu, Miguel Marte, Devon Brown, Michael Murray, Jermaine Eggleston, and Angel Rodriguez. All of them have been charged with several counts of drug smuggling and other related offences. According to court documents, the smuggling operation took place over a period of several months. The officers are accused of accepting bribes from inmates to bring packages of drugs into the prison via various means, including exchanging the drugs through visits and cell windows. Prosecutors allege that the accused officers knowingly put the safety and well-being of inmates at risk by providing them with the drugs. The accused also allegedly used their positions of power to facilitate other criminal activities such as armed protection of drug dealers outside the jail. While the allegations are shocking, they are not entirely surprising. Corruption and criminal activity within the US prison system have long been an issue, with many calling for reforms to address the problem. According to New York City's Department of Correction, the accused officers have been suspended without pay and will face disciplinary proceedings. If convicted, the officers could face up to 20 years in prison. News of the charges has sparked renewed calls for reforms within the prison system. Critics say that this latest scandal highlights the need for greater transparency and accountability within the correctional facilities. In conclusion, the seven officers charged with smuggling offences at Rikers Island have been accused of putting the safety and wellbeing of inmates at risk. Prosecutors allege that they facilitated the smuggling of drugs into the prison and even offered armed protection to drug dealers. This latest scandal has once again highlighted the need for reforms within the prison system to address the issue of corruption and criminal activity.