article: A thug who bit a Tesco worker's hand and fought with staff after jumping the queue during 'Black Friday' sales has been jailed for four months. Michael Anthony Dowd, 28, pleaded guilty after threatening to smash a female assistant's face in and then turning to punch a male member of staff. He was wrestled to the ground, but continued to kick out and then bit the hand of one of the staff members who kept him restrained until police arrived at the store in Salford, Greater Manchester. The 22-year-old had previous convictions for violence in 2012 and 2013 and was described as 'not quite right' by Tesco staff who restrained him at the sore in Fairhills, Irlam. Michael Anthony Dowd, 28, pleaded guilty after threatening to smash a female assistant's face in and then turning to punch a male member of staff . Dowd repeatedly claimed he had no recollection of what he had done and the Manchester Magistrates Court heard he had been intoxicated during the incident on November 28 last year. He pleaded guilty to assault and using threatening or abusive words and behaviour at an earlier hearing. Defence attorney Abigail Henry told the court her client had been drunk at the time of the incident and had since referred himself for help for his alcohol abuse. But District Judge Mark Hadfield told Dowd he had no option but to jail him because he had broken the terms of two previous suspended sentences for violence in the last three years. He was wrestled to the ground, but continued to kick out at the store in Salford, Greater Manchester . Stores across Britain were left looking like battlefields as shoppers fought to get the best bargains, pictured two women fighting over a discount TV . Sentencing Dowd to 16 weeks in prison, he told him: 'You were spoken to because a member of staff thought you were trying to queue jump. 'You responded in a manner wholly unacceptable. When a member of staff tried to intervene he was punched for his trouble. 'You have previous convictions for violent offences with suspended sentences in 2012 and 2013 and you breached both these offences.' Stores across Britain were left looking like battlefields as shoppers fought to get the best bargains on Black Friday - the busiest shopping day of the year. One Tesco branch in Manchester had to be closed just 36 minutes after opening due to fighting. Two other customers were arrested for public order offences by officers in Manchester, who dealt with some of the worst scenes of violence on the biggest day of discount shopping in the year. There were also reports of staff being left in tears in Cardiff, while another female staff member was apparently given a black eye following a melee in Stretford. Black Friday which fell on November 28 last year was the busiest shopping day in Britain last year .
highlights: Michael Anthony Dowd threatened to smash a female assistant's face in . He punched a male worker in the face and bit another staff member's hand . Dowd jumped queue for Black Friday sales on the busiest shopping day . The 22-year-old pleaded guilty to assault and using threatening  words . He has been  jailed for four months due to two previous convictions .
id: ba4b1a1cf76625aa286d675abb53757147c86a81
chatgpt: A man has been jailed for four months after pleading guilty to assault and using threatening words towards staff at a Black Friday sale event. The incident occurred when Michael Anthony Dowd, 22, jumped the queue for the event, which is one of the busiest shopping days of the year. Dowd was attending the sale with a female assistant, who he threatened to smash in the face when she confronted him about jumping the queue. He then punched a male worker in the face and bit another staff member's hand when they attempted to intervene. The court heard that Dowd had two previous convictions and that his behavior during the Black Friday event was completely unacceptable. The judge also noted that the assault on the staff members was a serious offense and that such behavior would not be tolerated in society. The incident has caused concern among retailers and shoppers, with many calling for greater security measures to be put in place during the Black Friday sales. Retailers have said that they are concerned about the safety of their staff and customers and have called for increased policing and stricter controls over the numbers of people allowed into stores. A spokesperson for the retail industry said that although incidents like this are rare, it is important that retailers are prepared for any eventuality. They added that they would work with the police and local authorities to ensure that shoppers and staff are safe during the busy shopping period. The Black Friday sales have become increasingly popular in recent years, with retailers offering deep discounts in a bid to attract customers. However, the event has also become known for its chaotic scenes, with shoppers queuing for hours and fighting over discounted items. Experts have warned that the Black Friday sales are becoming increasingly dangerous and that retailers need to take greater responsibility for the safety of their staff and customers. They have called for greater regulation and stricter controls on the numbers of people allowed into stores. The incident involving Michael Anthony Dowd is one of a number of incidents that have occurred during Black Friday sales events in recent years. Last year, there were reports of violence and chaos at stores across the country, with brawls breaking out over discounted items. Retailers have said that they are taking steps to ensure that this year's event is safe and enjoyable for everyone. They have increased security measures, including additional staff and police presence, and have urged shoppers to be patient and respectful during the sales. In light of the incident involving Michael Anthony Dowd, many retailers have said that they will be reviewing their security measures and increasing training for staff on how to deal with difficult customers. The sentencing of Michael Anthony Dowd sends a clear message that violent and threatening behavior will not be tolerated during the Black Friday sales or at any other time. It is hoped that this will act as a deterrent to others who may be considering similar behavior during this year's event.