article: DeAndre Yedlin insists he is ready to return to Tottenham and challenge for a place in the first team to help turn around the disastrous start to their season. The 21-year-old right-back agreed a deal to join Spurs from Seattle Sounders in the summer then was loaned back to the MLS side. But Tottenham have an agreement that they can recall the player in January and with the club 12th in the Barclays Premier League and struggling with life under new manager Mauricio Pochettino that is looking increasingly likely. DeAndre Yedlin (left) is on-loan from Tottenham at Seattle Sounders in the MLS . The USA international signed for Tottenham in the summer, but was loaned back to Seattle . Yedlin (centre), pictured playing against Jermain Defoe, is yet to make an appearance for the London club . Yedlin is seeking talks with Pochettino while he is in London, having travelled here to play in USA's friendly against Colombia being held at Fulham's Craven Cottage on Friday night. 'I've been trying to keep up with what's happening,' Yedlin said. 'I'm focussing on my season and what I'm doing, but I have been keeping up with them as well. Trying to keep in touch. 'I feel I'm ready wherever I'm put, I'm ready to step in, whether that's coming in and playing and challenging for a spot or coming in and having to work a little bit until I get a chance. I haven't spoken to Mauricio Pochettino but while I'm here I'll look to do that.' Yedlin has been in the UK this week on international duty, and is pictured training at Craven Cottage . Yedlin clears a ball off the line against FC Dallas on Monday, while goalkeeper Stefan Frei watches on . Yedlin's USA side are due to play Colombia at Craven Cottage in an international friendly on Friday . Although he is yet to speak to the Argentine, he has, however, spoken to his national team boss Jurgen Klinsmann, a Spurs legend, about what he can expect when he properly moves to White Hart Lane. 'He played at Tottenham and told me it's a great club with great tradition,' Yedlin said. 'I'm excited to get over here. I just need to keep progressing in what I'm doing.' Yedlin is expected to play in USA's friendly. By Thursday afternoon 23,500 tickets had been sold for the match, equalling the record for an international at Craven Cottage set by the Brazil versus Ghana friendly in 2011. Yedlin believes that will be the perfect opportunity to show off his ability to English fans, adding: 'I think so, people will be watching. I'm looking to have a good performance.'
highlights: Tottenham signed DeAndre Yedlin in January, but loaned him back to MLS . He returned to Seattle Sounders, the club Spurs signed him from . Yedlin is back in England this week on international duty with the USA . The defender insists he is ready to return and fight for his Spurs' place .
id: 2e3160e946a416eaba600c6b5eb5a618c40c3968
chatgpt: DeAndre Yedlin is back in England this week with the USA squad, but it wasn't too long ago that he was playing in the MLS for Seattle Sounders. The Tottenham defender signed for the North London club in January but was immediately loaned back to his former team. Since returning to the MLS, Yedlin has continued to impress and maintain his high level of play but he is now ready to fight for his place at Spurs. Yedlin was an integral part of Seattle Sounders during the 2014 season where he helped his team reach the Western Conference final. He made a total of 68 appearances for the club and was named the MLS Young Player of the Year during his final season with the Sounders. Tottenham saw his talent and signed him in January for an undisclosed fee, making him the first American to play for the club since Brad Friedel. After signing for Tottenham, Yedlin was sent back to Seattle Sounders on loan for the remainder of the season. Although he struggled to make an impact in the first few games of his return to the MLS, he soon found his form and helped the Sounders reach the playoffs once again. During his temporary return to Seattle, Yedlin continued to receive call-ups to the US national team. Now, with the end of the MLS season fast approaching, Yedlin is back in England and training with Tottenham. He says he is ready to fight for his place in the team and is confident that he has what it takes to succeed at the highest level. In an interview with the Tottenham website, Yedlin said: “I’m ready, I’m ready to fight. I’m here and I want to prove myself. Nothing is given to you, you have to work for it. I know that, and I’m prepared to do that.” Yedlin faces stiff competition for a place in the Tottenham squad with the likes of Kyle Walker and Kieran Trippier already established as the club's first-choice right-backs. However, Yedlin's speed and technical ability make him a valuable asset for the North London club. Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino has been impressed with Yedlin's performances in training and spoke highly of the defender ahead of Tottenham's Europa League match against Anderlecht. "DeAndre is a very talented player with great potential," said Pochettino. "He has been training well and has shown that he has what it takes to succeed at this level. It's up to him now to prove himself on the pitch." Yedlin will be hoping to make an impact for Tottenham when he returns from international duty with the USA. Tottenham fans will be eager to see what the young American can bring to the team and whether he can emerge as a legitimate contender for a starting spot in Pochettino's squad.